
Hey, happy New Year. I got a good pod for you. We're talking basketball and football and movies, and New York sports and Boston Sports. It's a New Year's buffet. It's next.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


This episode is brought to you by Nissan. When you're younger, you're more spontaneous. You say, screw it. I'm just gonna drive cross country with my buddy. And we'll stop at a bunch of places and take pictures. You get older, you would never do something like that. Keep your spontaneity, my friends. Fuel your inner adventure with the first ever Nissan Rogue Rock Creek. From rocky trails to snowy roads. There are plenty of places to show up. This SUV thanks to its Intelligent all wheel drive, its adventure Ready design gives it a rugged flare that stands out Off road adventure calls with the first ever Nissan Rogue Rock Creek. Visit Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent all wheel drive. Cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. I Put up a new re watchable on Monday night. We did Friday Night Lights, the movie me and Mallory Rubin. We did it as a video podcast on Spotify, but you can listen to it anywhere. You can also watch it on YouTube, on the Ringer Movies YouTube channel. You can watch all the clips and videos from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. You can watch Sal and I do our Sunday podcast live right after Vikings Lions on Sunday night on that YouTube channel. Don't forget about FanDuel's Sportsbook as well. We're doing 30 on 30 every Friday trying to figure out who the 30 point scores are gonna be. They put odds on all of it. I tweet out my favorite Picks on Friday, so stay tuned for that as well.


Coming up on this podcast, I'm gonna talk to Sean Nessy about the end of the Rogers era, the rise of the Knicks, and whether I should see a certain Oscar contender before the Oscars. So there's that. I have Joe House coming out. We're gonna talk about NBA futures heading into 2025. Stuff that jumped out to us with title odds and win totals, MVP, all kinds of stuff. And then million dollar Picks Week a team. We've been smoking hot. Can we keep it going? We'll find out. Last but not least, my dad talking about the state of Boston Sports. He's, he's kind of a wreck these days, so we're just gonna give him a platform and he can do his thing.


So that is all next first. Our friends from Pearl Jab. All right. Joe House is here. We're taping this late morning Pacific time. So there's some sports that are gonna happen after we put this up. There's college football that will happen. There's a lot of basketball, there's some good basketball games as well. I want, we do a billion dollar Picks.


We've been doing really well. Can't wait to talk about the games, how weird the slate is. But I sent you a bunch of NBA stuff 'cause this is a weird inflection point of the season right now with awards, with odds with conference stuff. And I was going through it this morning and I was really surprised by some of the odds for things. The first thing was the title Odds where Boston and OKC are, right where you would think Boston's plus 200 OKCs plus two 50. The fact that the Knicks had better title odds than Cleveland, I was kind of shocked by it. The Knicks are 10 to one, Cleveland's 1101, and then after that it's Denver 15 to one Dallas 17 to one. That's like they have when these futures, there's legacy stuff from the start of the season.


They can't like jack 'em around too much. And then we'll go through some of the other ones later. But I, I was really surprised Cleveland isn't being treated more favorably by the odds community. What, what else do people need to see from this team? Because right now they're 29 and four, they're over on arm. FanDuel for wins for the season is 61 and a half. I don't under, they're probably gonna have home court advantage round one, round two, round three. What don't people trust, what is your opinion on this? Their performance in the playoffs? I mean, this is exactly why the Knicks are ahead of them. We watch these two teams, slightly different composition, but Cleveland, you know, largely the same team as last year perform in the, in the most recent playoffs.


And Cleveland didn't knock anybody's socks off and the Knicks were unbelievable. They, they were, you know, an injury issue away from being in the Eastern Conference finals. It felt like the Knicks slightly different Knicks team. Yeah, I would argue slightly different Cavs team because they've got a totally different version of Garland this year. Now that he's healthy, Mobley went up a level new coach who I think that the key has made a real difference for them. That's the key. And over and over again, they just answered these tests. I don't know if you saw any of the Warriors game the other night, but they just, you know, they're just slaughtering teams. They're not, it's very similar to what was happening with the Celtics last year. And I, you know, they're plus 11, I think they're plus like 11 three rating.


They're killing teams. They're up by 20 in a lot of these games. And it was like last year where people didn't trust it with the Celtics for a while and then eventually they trusted it. I maybe I trusted too much with them, but I, I'm, I really believe, I think they have as good of a chance as anybody and I don't understand the odds. Well, part of the thing with Cleveland, I think they're the only team in the NBA that is undefeated against teams that are 500 or worse, which is exactly what you want, right? That's a hallmark benchmark kind of level of achievement when you play in regular Season. Yeah. They're worse than you in the regular season. You're supposed to beat their ass and that's how you build up a great regular season record. And that's how you put yourself in a driver's seat in terms of a, you know, home court advantage throughout the, the, the playoffs.


I just think it, it's, it's fair where these odds are because when do we get to see some of the true sort of leverage moments this team put under stress and duress. Now the thing that that could, if you wanted to talk yourself into the value proposition, Kenny Atkinson has all the chops. He has the, the, the pedigree with the, the warriors being, you know, along for that ride. Yeah. He knows exactly how a good organization he, he took, you know, the nets and was really competitive with the Nets before he fell. Playoffs out of favor fill the playoffs.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I mean that, that team overachieved, that Nets team. Yeah, they did. And so, you know, he was, he, we in our analysis of how the, this Cavalier season might go when we were together in October, thought that he more than any other element to that team could be a, a real elevating force. And that's exactly what's happened. Yeah. And we, and we, we trusted the Garland comeback year. We trusted the stability with Mitchell and the big X factor was what's Moby got for us this year, right. Moby went up a level and he's sitting threes better. And I, you know, I think, I think he should be in the All-Star team. Even if you look at their last 20 games, their net, their net rating's 11.9 heading into Thursday night and the weekend and the Cleveland OKC, Boston, the Knicks and the Grizzlies are all nine and above and net rating the last 20 games.


And Memphis is the one I could see more confusion about Memphis, whether what's real, what's not real with them, just because it doesn't, you know, Marant, I wanna see if can, can you just play for a solid month and a half and just be out there every day. They've had some, some, some good schedule luck so far. We'll see if that exists. But right now they're building such a big nest egg, like they're 23 and 11 right now. Yeah. They're over under is 51 and a half on FanDuel, which 51 and a half. That means you have to go 52 and 30. So to me that's a little bit of a, of a, of a lack of a trust.


I think from, from the betting community, at least with them. There's some weird ones though. Like, like the Knicks being 10 to one makes sense to me that seems like the right range for them, right? Denver is 15 to one I think just because of the legacy of, of what people bet before the season. Same for Dallas 17 to one. But if you go a little further and you dig in, like Memphis is 27 to one, Houston's 44 to one, Memphis and Houston are gonna be probably be top four seeds. So when you just look at it like that, you're like, how do those people have way worse odds than Denver a team That just seems like a mess night tonight is, even though Yoic is as great as Hesp spent, what do you think of the Clippers at 75 to one to win the title?


Nah, to win The title just to complete. Didn't even make you stop for a second. No, the one, I'm not saying they're gonna win the title. It just seemed like those odds seem really high to me. The one that caught my attention and I, I mean all due respect to, to the Clippers, great job by them. And I know this is gonna run contrary to some action that we got down last week, Minnesota at 30 to one that we're finally at a number for them where it's like, wait a minute. I mean they, that team was in the Western conference finals last year. Yeah. And, and they have a super duper star on their team this, this first, you know, stretch of games the first third of the season for them, you know, 17 and 15 through 32 games.


Not up to the level that we might have anticipated in view of, To say the least. Well, the, the the we, we thought there would be some depth that was added. What what the, the, the Carl Anthony Towns piece. We, we were saying, well maybe it won't really affect the defense that much and on the, what they get in terms of offensive versatility. Yeah. Maybe Their shooting won't go down on, but yeah, it, it did affect them all over the place. All every in in every which way. Having said all of that, I mean 30 to one, they're, they're, they still have Anthony Edwards. They still have the, The only way that makes sense to me is if you're assuming that there's a Randall trade out there for them, that they can turn him into something else.


Because the thing that's changed the last couple weeks is Vincenzo finally got going. Yeah. And that's added all the stuff we thought he was gonna add before that trade. And the athletic John Krasinski wrote a really good piece about it. Just like, you know, we always forget the human elements sometimes with, with these NBA trades. And Dante was just fucking bummed out the first month and a half of the season. Like he wanted to be on the Knicks. He had, he had a great run with him. It was the best professional run of his career. Now he's on this weird Minnesota team and he just didn't play well and he didn't look like he was happy reinvested himself. And now he's added a little something. I'll be interested to see with Dillingham what they get outta him too.


If he, if he's just, you know, him and Reed Shepherd are kind of the two x factors of these rookies on good teams that don't really play. Right. Good call. And Reed Shepherd hasn't been good either. I think Dillingham has been good in spots, but I'm just wondering what happens with those, those guys down the stretch. So the rockets are another one at 44 to one that just like if you're just factoring in a trade and you can, can they turn Van Wheat or Jalen Green into a much better version of those guys, then maybe those odds go up. But I, I don't sense the appetite from them this year making a major move. So we'll see. And then Orlando at 43 to one is the only other one.


Just 'cause they'll have their guys back at some point. The infrastructure they have with the defense and the coaching and the, the reps that they've been getting for dudes like De Silva. Yeah. And Anthony Black and people like that. Sure. So you know, I, to me the best odds are Cleveland 1101. I'll go along with that. I don't have any argument with that. I think they're favored in the first two rounds. It's probably gonna be, I don't know that whoever it is at round three And it might not be my team. Mm. But game seven will be in Cleveland. That's not nothing. So couple over unders really quick. Celtics 59 and a half just seems way too high.


They're 24 and nine. That 59 and a half basically is 23 losses. That's 14 more the rest of the way. They can't seem to get anybody healthy. I also don't really think they care about the one seed. Golden State is still 45 and a half and they're 16 and 16 heading into tonight. What, what world are they winning? 46 games. Unless there's a major trade coming that I can't anticipate. It's that there is some possibility I guess that that the market thinks that there's a trade for them yet yet to come. It's gonna be really hard. It Is a hard under who under for me. Yeah. That's a hard under for me. Clippers. Go ahead.


Well just clippers 46 and a half. That would make me blink. Just 'cause of the injury potential. The miles they're putting on hard end. I don't know what they're getting from Kauai when he comes back, but the Golden State one, I, I don't see that. We're already in on Indy 43 and a half. We did the over, even though they're 60 and 18, they're minus two 50 to make the playoffs. Minnesota, you mentioned they're minus three 40 to make the playoffs right now even though they're 17 and 15. So I think people are agreeing with the way you saw big picture what's happening with them. But they're over under is 47 and a half now, which seems too high to me. It's high. That's high. That's that's a tough stretch. Yeah. That, that means they'd have to go 31 and like 19 rest of the way.


Something like that. 31 and 18. I don't see it. O KC 62 and a half is the over under now they're 27 and five. I think they get it. I would still, I would still be bullish on that wouldn't You? Sure, it's fine. I I Feel like it's shocking every time they lose, they've just so deep. We're already like fully subscribed, fully allocated on every OKC. But if you wanted to just see for fun, you know, another little bit to get down, will they get to 63 wins? Feels totally plausible. 63 and 19. Sure. It feels mid sixties to me unless There's Another entry plus they haven't even gotten chip back. So here are the two hardest for me.


Phoenix was 45 and a half right now they're minus 1 34 to make the playoffs. So people are putting a lot of faith into something turning around here. They're 15 and 17. I I just like even their last 20 games, there's six and 14, they're minus 3.1 net rating. We really need this. This would be the first boost, season boost that we've lost. We had our boost this year was Cleveland and Phoenix to win 45 plus OKC to win 55 plus. And that's what we boosted on Fando. We're going nuts for it. I don't know if Phoenix gets to 45 wins.


Do you, do you see it, what's missing with them other than they the worst centers in the league? Yeah, I I we really, I think believed that the coaching change and Yeah. What they'd be able to do from the perimeter. Especially like, you know, that they would change what they, what the, the, their single biggest problem was a math problem, which was they, they didn't get up enough threes and they didn't make enough threes. And we say, okay, bud is gonna come and change that And it And they're gonna be this high scoring like super fun entertaining team that just is winning one 20 to one 15. And they're not that. No. And they, and the problem is, you know, it's kind of the same problem as last year when they were a great underplay.


Durant can't really play night to night And it really doesn't make sense for him to play night to night and they just rotate two out of the three guys. Yeah. And you know, Beal Beal doesn't move the needle. He doesn't help them win basketball games. He's s actually been putting up stats lately And it doesn't seem he's Perfectly fine. Right, exactly. They're, they're three and seven over the last 10 and he is, he's in all of those games. So you know, You know what they're the big picture front office mistake they made was they tried to put together this big three model which had been so successful in the late two thousands and the 2000 tens because the league wasn't as deep. Now the league is deep.


Yeah. And you need depth, you need the ability to weather an injury for 10 games. You need random guys stepping up night to night and I just don't know if that big three model works You can. Great. Cool. You have three really good players. It doesn't matter. Like you're competing against other teams that have 7, 8, 9 players that have real depth. That was something the Clippers figured out when they miraculously didn't offer Paul George that fourth year and landed all these other dudes and now they have depth and they have the ability to, you know, weather kawai not playing for two and a half months because they have enough guys. So that's a hard under for me and I think we're gonna lose our bet. And I'm bummed 'cause I, that was one of my favorite streaks that we had going.


The other one, San Antonio is 39 and a half and that's up four wins from where we were the start of the season. They're 17 and 16, they're plus 360 to make the playoffs. And what we've seen from Weby, Goldsberry and I talked about it a little on Tuesday. Like he, he's basically 29 and 12 every night now with four blocks, whatever it is and is turning into this crunch time dude. And they have trades to make potentially if they want they wanna add another guy. I kind of like the plus 360 for the playoffs for them as a flyer. Oh okay. I don't know if they're gonna make the playoffs. I just like the odds. Let's look at this real quick. So where they're sitting right now is they're in the the nine hole.


Yeah. And so let's see who they have to climb over. So the Lakers would have to drop, which I think that's not, I really think I could see that happening. That's not crazy Talk. And then that would be the team. Yeah. They'd have to jump the Lakers basically. And then you'd have to assume Phoenix, Sacramento, golden State, those teams, they had to beat those teams as well. I'm not saying it's gonna happen Plus 360 though. I just think ple they Plus The A four to one chance of it happening basically seems reasonable to me considering they have a guy who is now like a top seven or eight guy. Right. I like this. Let's, let's fire on it. Let's take a break in this podcast. We'll, so I can get this down A couple other ones.


So MVP is basically a two horse race. SGA minus 1 0 5 YOIC plus one 15. And I think if OKC is in the, in the mid sixties for wins and SGA is doing the stuff he is been doing all year and Denver is like a seven seed, you know 45 win team SG a's gonna win. I think if it, the way it's going now, I think SGA wins and I was surprised the odds were even Where'd you stand on that? Well I, I totally agree with the way that you're approaching this and I also want to get down on this a a sizable number because I don't see Oklahoma City backing up there. You know, I'm, I'm knock on wood. I mean it would, it would have to be some kind of crazy injury situation.


I mean wait, wait till Chet comes back, right? Yeah. Wait to wait till they really have their, their whole team. The reason that I think it's, it's especially compelling with SGA is because it addresses the thing that you and I talked about over the last couple weeks, which is this transition moment for the league. The league really needs to start marketing the new class Yeah. Of stars that it has and SGA should be a face of the league. He should be one of those guys. People need to see him. There needs to be some marketing around his, his he's Winning the Allstar boat right now, which I thought was a Good sign. That's good. That's a good sign. Exactly right. So even odds and I actually think he should be favored by more.


And if I was gonna suggest anyone else, look, I don't think he's gonna win, but Weby at 110 to one on FanDuel? No, not no, No. Listen. Hundred and 10 to one. He, by the way, he has the fifth best odds on FanDuel right now because it's SJ and yo kids Giannis plus nine 50 Tatums 22 to one and Wendy's 110 to one. You wanna put $10 on it just so you Can say Yeah, no, I'm not allowed to bet on the MVP. Oh, I'm just, I'm pointing out value. I mean I'll, I'll put $10 on it just to like, you know, he's, they have to win 50 some games they have to win. I'm just trying to think of the last time the number five guy out of MVP Fair enough.


Was over a hundred to one. Fair enough. 'cause that's how dominant SGA and Yoic has been. But we know what the league like, you know, SGA, he could get a dumb injury for four weeks. Yoic Denver could go slide backwards. Who knows? Tatum 22 to one would be more fun if Boston was playing better. And we're gonna find out with Boston on this road trip there on rookie of the year is a catastrophe. Zach Idy is our favorite at plus one 20. Missy on New Orleans is second now, and by the way plays crunch time for them. But it's a terrible team castle. Seven to one Wells is 10 to one and Resche is 25 to one who would probably still be my pick 'cause he's starting to play more and more from them just for the odds. But I don I don't know who's gonna win that.


I thought did you see Tom Haber's breakdown just in the last like 24, 48 hours of Edie? No, it's very good. He does a, there's a bunch of clips and with with with the numbers, the plus minus numbers for Edie have been outstanding and there's a lot good evidence about him, how active he is and how he's very quietly really propelling that team. Hmm. And if Memphis, you know, over this stretch of, you know, job being week to week Yeah. If they're sort of able to kind of tread water for a bit, I think in the, in the eighties minutes are are still a relevant part of it. I think that's a pretty good bet at this stage. The plus one 20, it's kind of got my attention to be honest with you, Castle 7 0 1 I like too.


He had a little bit of a while the last couple weeks, but I still like him long term. But yeah, ededie everything we thought before the draft of if he goes here, he's this really interesting piece in a nine man rotation that you can, and he's been everything the, the glass half full side of the Zach Edie argument. Yes. He's hit all of it. Yes. Defensive player of the year. Wendy's minus two 70 I for me it's like if he's below minus 500 on that, just grab it, go Ahead and lay it. Most Improved, the two guys that jumped out were Jalen Johnson, three to one is the favorite, but Dyson Daniels a 10 to one who is probably the best perimeter defense player we have. I was surprised 10 to one was as high as it was. And then coach of the year, Kenny Atkins's favorite minus 180 mostly at plus nine 50 jumped out to me because that, the fact that that team is five, six games over 500 with all the injuries they've had is is is crazy to me.


So anyway, that is, that is my what out of all those bets we just talked about, what was your favorite? The Oklahoma City over 62 and a Half wins. Yeah, I think I I'm with you. It's like we already have more than enough on them. Yeah. Anyway, that is our little NBA check-in. All right. We're gonna take a break and come back. The red hot million dollar Picks. All right. Million dollar Picks week 18. So I don't remember a week 18 or in the old days of week 17. Oh, last week of the season that had this many question marks of who's rolling over and who's not.


And I don't know why that's this year, but we even had playoff teams this year, like the Rams where I'm like, I I I, so I they're, they're not gonna win. Like the Seahawks are minus six and half favorites and the Rams still have a chance to like lock down a three seed. We were asking Peter Schrader about it this week and and, and he was texting us like just the Rams haven't had a buy since week six. They're banged up. McVeigh wanted to give Stafford and the receivers and Kyron Williams a a week to heal for the playoffs and really likes his backups. So that choice that the Rams have of like, if we locked down three, we're probably playing Washington in the three six in LA or we dropped down to four and we're playing the loser of Minnesota.


Detroit. I don't know, I I really would've wanted to play Washington no offense to your, to your blood. No, no offense take sea words. Right. I just, I would've gone for it. But I I get it. That team must be really banged up is my takeaway. Well, and you, we've seen it, we keep watching we're that, that offense Right, the last three weeks I bet Has been, been, been dragging. They just can't score. And you know, re's included some of the stats for Kyra Williams. That dude needs a break, give him a rest. It is a curious kind of decision out of the Rams except for that's what they do. Sean McVay's done this before. So, you know, the the and whichever of the teams between Detroit and Minnesota that they get will indeed be banged up.


It will, I mean just in terms of battle scars from Yeah. The game this coming Sunday night that, that will decide the one seed in the NFC, the loser Of that game. Real, real stakes. Like real it's likes, it's awesome if you win, you don't get to play for a week if you lose, all of a sudden you're traveling somewhere in five or six days and playing around one playoff game. So Yeah. Well it ties into what we think will happen with that Detroit Minnesota game, which we'll get to in a second. But I was looking at Rams plus six and a half against Seattle. Like maybe, maybe they hang, I don't really know what Seattle's motivation is 'cause they're out. Well There is some Gino Smith motivation, he's one of those guys with a bunch of incentives.


Yeah. He needs 186 yards. There's a basket of achievements for him that'll get him an extra 3 million bucks this year. So, and I think the team will know that, understand it. Mike McDonald is motivated to beat McVeigh in his first season. They were, they they lost in overtime. Yeah. In Seattle. So I think there's plenty of motivation for Seattle. I'm just not laying six and a half, you know, because unless the, the Rams the way that the rosters work right now, they have to play some of their good guys on defense. They can't sit their entire defense. Yeah. And the defense has been the thing that, that that's kept them, the defense propelled them into the playoffs the way that the defense played over this past month.


They saved the game against the Cardinals on Saturday with an interception in the end zone. Right. I mean yeah, you know, the defense is the key. So I think and, and Seattle's offense has been fits and starts. I they, there is a difference for Seattle. Their splits when they play on turf and domes is, they've been very good. There's only been a handful of those games this year, but they've scored prolifically. So that would be part of why you might be concerned. They can win by margin if the Rams like, you know, start pulling guys. But I I, I like the Rams to be live here. Rams money line with the over 38 and a half is plus 4 38.


It's fun. It's fun. Ra Rams plus six and a half teased in a four point tease on FanDuel up to 10 and a half with the chiefs. 14 and a half. Oh. And you could, and that's plus one 10 on FanDuel if you wanna talk yourself into Chiefs and Rams not probably gonna roll over in these games. So that's, that's sitting there for us quickly. And the chiefs, I, I'd just, I'd, I'd be really scared of taking the other side of this game. I could see the chiefs winning. I don't think wins is gonna be that bad. I wouldn't lay the 10 and a half and I'll be glad to grab the 14 and a half if that's what you're offering me in this, in this four point tees.


The the chiefs are not an F around team. They have been in this circumstance four times over the last sort of five, six years or so. And they tend to cover and they tend to win outright. I think they're, they, they've covered three out of the four of these situations and they've won outright at least a couple times. They are not to be trifled with. And, and this is still yet Denver on a losing streak with their rookie quarterback in his highest leverage game of his entire career. And he's capable of throwing some Picks. I mean, I, the, the chief's calling card has been their defense all season long. Now they, their secondary is vulnerable.


But let's, let's, you know, before we get super excited about Bo Nicks in a must win playoff kind of situation. I mean 10 and half, come on. Yeah. Almost seems there's two ways to play it. We could just do smaller bets on the Chiefs plus 10 and a half and the Rams plus six and a half. And assume you're gonna split those and maybe win both. You could tease them together with the little four point tees plus 10 and a half plus six and plus 10 and a half to plus 14 and a half plus six and a half plus 10 and a half. Or you have some fun do Cheaps money over 39 and a half. That's plus 7 44 on FanDuel Rams money over 38 and a half plus 4 38.


Just put small ones on both and hope one of them hits and we'll have an answer for you at the end of million dollar Picks. Two games I wanna bet on. I wanna bet against the Pats and I wanna bet against the Titans and here's why the lines are crazy. Low bills are favored minus two and a half over the Pats. Texans are favored minus one and a half at the Titans. I have no idea why the Pats are Titans would wanna win this game. And you can go back to the Giants game last week and say, well you would've said that about the Giants. I watched that entire Giants game. It was a complete fluky collapse by Indianapolis, combined with Drew Locke.


Just had a really good game. And if you're Drew Locke, why wouldn't you wanna have a good game? You're like trying to, you know, prove that you could be a starting quarterback next year. That game just kind of fell away from the Colts. It was a coaching abomination. There was a special teams touchdown. There are all these specific reasons Bill's, pats like it, it's, and I'm gonna talk to my dad later in the pod about why Drake May's playing just what's, how, how just awful this past season's been. I can't believe that they would just give away the number one pick on the last week of the season. Is Drake may really playing? Are they just saying that because Maybe he plays one quarter and leaves or I I just, it really makes no sense whatsoever.


None. The only person that it makes sense for is Gerard Mayo. Well so This, this is the Problem is he in charge of the fucking football team. But this is the problem. If he, if the coach and everybody knew they were coming back next year, this is where we go, ah, we're gonna start Joe Milton, we wanna take a look for him Adam in week 18 and we're gonna try some other guys. We're gonna sit Gonzalez, if you don't know you're coming back, you kind of wanna win. You wanna end the game at a high note. You'd want p somebody to say, Hey, you guys looked like shit the last couple weeks of the season. Yeah. Because I benched my quarterback motherfucker. And that's why a week 18, a week 18 win over the bills who've said everybody is really gonna change the out the career trajectory of Jared Mayo. He, he stunk all season long.


We've had 17 games I know of, of, of evidence. Like, you know, the paths to be fair are exactly where they should be. It's what the market anticipated. It's why they're Yeah. They had the lowest forecasted wind total of the year. And here, here we are, congratulations on getting it done. But like the twist and turns have been bizarre And it does make you wonder who's in charge. And I think this coming Sunday game, we, the, the, the, the crafts better step in whoever the, what's the GM's name? Van Pel? Is that the guy? No, the, he's the OC the GM is is the interim GM is Elliot Wolf who Whatever Had after Drake may put together one of the worst drafts in the history of the NFL.


No, you have to lose the game. And, and it's indefensible because if they get the first pick, they're gonna be able to trade back. Even if they trade back three spots to number four and get more Picks. You're just basically giving away players and you're not gonna take a quarterback at the top anyway. There's no defense. It's, It's long-term leverage. It's franchise altering leverage and, and you know, when you, when you weigh the, the risk when you weigh the cost benefit of a week 18 win versus the trajectory for your effing franchise going forward. Yeah you have the cornerstone quarterback. The thing that you need to do now is get other good players on the effing football team.


And the only way to do that, the fastest way to do that is by doing the thing you're sitting and looking at right this second, which is to lose the mother effing game and get as much as you can in terms of capital. This is like very basic business building proposition shit right here. Yeah. And we only have two good players and Gonzalez had a concussion last week so he shouldn't play. May's been banged up, took a big shot last week, you sit those two guys And it, they just don't have enough talent to beat even the Bill's second strength. So I like the bills minus two and a half and I really like the Texans minus one half against the Titans. I think the Titans are terrible. The stretch that they've just been on recently is, is just a rollercoaster ride of, of shit and you know, the Texans have lost their last two, right?


They're, they've locked up the four seat for a while, but they kind of need to play well for a game. It's like you could say like, oh they don't need the game they're already in. It's like, nah, they kind of need to look good for three hours. And I just find it hard to believe they're gonna toss away the game and go into the playoffs finishing nine and eight for the season hosting somebody good either the Chargers of the Steelers and just not feel good about anything that's happened for a month. I totally agree. I totally agree. I wanna bet both of these, and I think we split at least one. If the Pats and Titans both win, that means the Browns are gonna have the first pick in the draft.


When do things ever work out for the Browns? Oh. Oh, that's, I feel bad ever. Sorry. Fans bad. You know, it's true. Yeah. I mean CC Cleveland writ large did get LeBron so we can't, you know, Cleveland's has some, some, some good fortune over the last three years, 21 Years ago and he Left. I'm just saying third, but you know, he brought him a title over the last 30 years. He, we don't have to say that Cleveland's, you know, well then they got the Kyrie they got, they won the Kyrie lottery 'cause the league felt bad for them. That's one of my top five. Are we sure this was lottery was on the level Lottery Is in any event, one the guys on the action network that call the the tight the Titans. The Point shavers. Yeah. Which I think is fantastic and I totally agree with what Are they two and 14 against the spread?


Yes. Two And 15. Yes. The worst. They they, they have locked in the worst they can, they've already done, they're already at the worst. But if they lose this week against the spread as well, then they're historically the worst against the spread in the history of the NFL. Yeah. And the thing is their their quarterbacks suck. I just don't see it. I think they're terrible. They're they're they lost to Jacksonville last week. They're, They they got swept by Jacksonville. It's an organizational disaster. I couldn't believe with my own eyes, I had gambled on them when they came to Washington and they had just beaten Houston. Yeah. And, and Washington was laying six and a half and I was like, oh that's, and the Titans at that point had some advanced analytics that said their defense was good. They are, they they sucked to high heaven.


I think Washington had 200 yards rushing in the first half. They, they're a abysmal organizationally. So yeah. Really that let's, let's go easy to go against the Titans. All right. So we'll put Pat, we'll put stuff against the Pats and Titans. The two big games I wanna focus on. And there's so many games where it's like, I don't know if that team's gonna care. I don't know if this team's gonna care. I don't know who's playing. I don't know what the motivation is. But we know Vikings Lion and Steelers Bengals, we know the, all four of those teams are gonna give a shit about the game. Steelers, Bengals, everybody's on the Bengals. It feels like the line is Bengals minus one and a half in Pittsburgh. The Bengals are eight and eight for the year.


The Bengals have really no good wins. Last week's win was probably the best win they've had of the season. I don't think their defense is good. Bone decks missed multiple wide open guys. And like he hit one but he missed three others. I thought the Broncos should have won the game. I know Burrow's really good. I know Burrow with Chase and Higgins are really good together. Chase Brown ankle injury. They're not gonna be able to run the ball the same. But to me this is a Steelers moment. I think they need the game if they win there, the five seed, if they're the five seed, they get to go to Houston and play a Houston team that none of us think are good. They should beat the Houston team.


They beat that Houston team. Assuming the rest of the playoffs goes chalk for round one, then they would go to Kansas City for round two Kansas City coming off. You know, God only knows what they do this week. Bye week next week Pittsburgh's gonna go into Kansas City and be like, yeah we can play with these dudes. I don't really like what I've seen from Pittsburgh the last few weeks and I know you don't either. But they also had this crazy three games and 11 days stretch against three of the five best teams in the league. And now I think their stock's too low. We've been at the crafts table house with the Steeler Steelers a lot and we stayed a little too long in that Philly game and we got our ass kicked. I'm ready to put some money and some, some dice and some chips down on the crafts table on the Steelers again.


I think they're gonna Win. Yeah. You and I are seeing this exactly eye to eye. And I think we, it's important to continue to emphasize that the perception of the Steelers, because of this three game stretch, this three game slide, which was always circled in bright red as being an impossible task at the end of a season, going up against the three best teams in the NFL by, you know, a a lot of of ways you wanna assess it Yes. Detroit and, and Minnesota, but Right. This this is with without their best receiver and offense that needs that receiver, that needs that over the top option and the perception of, of who the Bengals have become because they had a luck win against the Cowboys, the special teams luck win against the Cowboys.


Yeah. And then they beat the Titans and then they beat the Browns and then they held on against the Broncos at home. And what was for them a playoff game. 'cause if they lost, there was no playoff possibility whatsoever. It was not exactly a cover and glory moment for for the Bengals. Their, their defense absolutely positively was right there trying to give up that game. And Well think about the special teams piece too. Like they Amazing. They, I don't trust their kicker at all. No way. This is Gonna be way A three point, this is gonna be a classic Steelers Pittsburgh Tomlin game and the Steelers have Boswell and these guys have a kicker that I don't trust from any distance basically. Absolutely. Positively. Right.


And remember that the, the Bengals last loss was two of the Steelers in Cincinnati where the, the Steelers had 530 yards of, of offense. I think they have it dialed. I think they understand how to exploit this, the Cincinnati defense. And it feels like an tremendous opportunity to grab the Steelers here, getting points at home. It's like classic Tomlin moment. So disrespectful Steelers with some rest 10 days between the Wednesday and the Saturday. So they're able to heal. I I love this. This is a classic, classic Tomlin game. Look, if they lose, if Burrow kills them, I'm not gonna regret betting on the Steelers.


I feel the Same way. I'll take You because the steels have come through over and over again in this spot at home. We've seen it too many times and and I think there's real stakes for them. That's the piece. The Rams, I get it like, it's like okay, either we're gonna be hosting Washington in the three six or we're hosting probably the Lions coming off a really physical brutal playoff game in the four or five. And it matters, but it doesn't really a hundred percent matter. This Steelers thing matters. The difference between playing Houston in Houston versus going to fucking Baltimore and playing Baltimore for the third time. This really matters to them. And I don't think that, I think the Bengals are eight and eight for a reason.


I agree. It's not like, you know, t Higgins missed a few weeks. Right. Other than that this is who they are. They have a couple good players and a lot of shitty ones. It's The defense. The defense has been bad all season. Yeah. You can't count on that defense. The defense doesn't get stops when they need to. That's not who this team is. So do you like the Steelers plus one and a half or do you just like the Steelers plus one 10? I like the money line. Yeah. The plus I think they're gonna win Little more. It's a little more appetizing. Yeah. Okay. And then the other one is Vikings Lion. And I feel like now every Thursday I am just talking about the Vikings. How I don't understand why people don't realize they're good. They came through again last week and the best possible thing happened in that game last week.


They dominated their kicker, missed a couple field goals. The Packers really got it going with eight minutes left when the Vikings were way up, they stopped Withing as much and doing some of the stuff that got them to the spot there in the first three quarters. Laid back a little bit, love started to look good and all of a sudden it was, you know, a two point game as as the final score. It was not a two point game. The Vikings are awesome. That's been the tale for the Vikings all season long. Yeah. You look at their resume, you're gonna see a slew of one score games. They're one score games because they were beating the crap outta teams and then teams came back on. I mean, Jordan loved D's Nuts did it twice. He came back, you know, and made the game and we inside of a one one score game.


And you know, this was very quick aside. Jordan loved D's nuts. They need to handle their business against Chicago. 'cause I think Washington, this game will be going on simultaneously. I like Washington, but Washington Dallas is always Hard. Oh, Walker. Yeah. Yes. You do not like say, oh yeah, Washington should walk over. So I think and, and the, the, the Packers need to like, you know, show something. They got their ass beat. They, that was a physical, they got out physical. They're, they're defensive line got out physical by the Minnesota front. So Jordan loved these nuts and, and the Packers better show up and show out. But for the, for the Vikings, I have one way that I wanna play this and yeah, I I really, I'm not convinced to move too far beyond the way that I wanna play it.


What's here? I love them as a teaser leg. I think it's an incredible teaser leg. Taking them as two and a half point dogs and pushing them up to eight and a half. The, the lions are not in, in, in any kind of way, shape or form in a position to win by margin. And they can't win by margin because they're defense to Protect the lead when they're up 14 in the fourth quarter. They can't do it. Yeah. And I respect the, the lions so much. But look, they could have and should have lost that game against San Francisco. I mean San the the the Niners had a million chances. Yeah. Missed field goals. Pretty overthrowing guys. Both of his interceptions to Kirby were grotesque overthrows. They were both directly on Brock Prairie then He got hurt at the end.


Yeah. So I mean, and, and so you, I don't think Minnesota is going to aid and abbet its own demise the way that the Niners did. But this game to me is like, you know, razor thin. I have tons of respect for, for the Vikings and everything they've done. This is like for it's such a good matchup Dan Campbell and, and KOC like really good coaching matchup and, you know, home team. The, the line seems right to me, two and a half seems, seems fair. I just love the idea of the Vikings getting more than a touchdown. I think the Vikings are gonna win and I wanna bet on that piece of it.


That's fine. My only, but I also wanna put them in a tease because I agree with you. Like there's stuff we could do. We could do Pittsburgh plus four and a half and Minnesota plus seven and a half. That's plus one 12. Great one we Could do Washington minus two 20 just to win with Minnesota plus seven and a half. That's around even odds. We could do that as well. Those would be my, my two. I, I Don't Washington You were nervous about this Washington game. Yes, yes, yes. I was nervous about the, the game, what they did against the Eagles that comeback against a division rival and everything they put out. And then for them to bounce back and, and show up and take care of business against the Falcons again in the most dramatic fashion possible at some point, like the cumulative effect of that.


This is a storybook season for Washington. They, they lead the league in come from behind victories. They lead the league in terms of scoring inside the last minute. They lead the league in fourth down conversions. Like there's a whole bunch of stuff. It would be a rightful capper for this Washington team to beat Dallas in week 18. Push themselves into the, the succeed. Like, like that is a absolute unbelievable miracle for the franchise. But man, the last 25 years it, you must take recognition and take note, that's all. So you're rooting for Trey Lance? I am definitely not under no circumstances.


I hate Dallas. I'm rooting For No, no, I'm saying you're rooting for Trey Lance to be named starter for this Game. Oh, that he starts helps with Cooper Rush. That helps because he's not a, he's not a professional quarterback. He is not. Oh thank God. Yeah. If he's the quarterback, I'm really rooting for him. So it sounds like we should put Vikings plus one 30 and Steelers plus one 10. We should just bet those And then Fine do a tease maybe with, I mean the other way to do it is just do the tease and make that the big bet. I like the tease better because I do think the resourcefulness of Detroit and their incredible backbone over the course of this entire season, even in the face of all that bad injury, luck, they just keep coming out.


I love so much the Campbells Lake. No, Montgomery too. Yeah, I know. I I mean I under look. It's, it's just, they're, they're decimated. It's a bummer. I hate it. I hate the injury. Luck for them. But they're bad asses. I just wanna Take my hat to them. My only fear is I don't wanna lo like if, if one of these two teams screws up somehow and then we lose both games. That's my fear because that happened last week. Because how do you lose, I love Minnesota last week. Yes. And you threw some water on it and you scared me off a little and we ended up putting them in a parlay with the Colts and the Colts lost and then I just, I won nothing on Minnesota even though that was one of my favorite bets. So I Understand. Part of me wonder, Go Get somethings Minnesota, just do the Viking Steelers money lines and then maybe we do that parlay The Steelers can lose.


I mean though you're, you're saying individually just play the separate money line. Yeah. Say par separate money lines. No, not Parlay. Okay, fine. Great. I get what you're saying. And then do the tees together. Okay. Oh, I love that because the, the teaser leg for the Steelers is tremendous as well. Yeah. From one and a half up to, to seven and a half. Yeah. Love that. I think that's the move. Okay. So we do Vikings money line Steelers money line Pittsburgh with the little tees and then Bill's Texan stuff. And you wanna put anything on chiefs rams or No, If you wanna do that, that, that four point tees, I kind of loved it. Okay. Tease the Rams up to 10 and a half and tease the chiefs up to 14 and a half.


Kinda loved it. Sound of it. Yeah, We can, we'll just put a little tiny bit on that. And do you agree that we should probably scale back this week? Yeah. Oh my god, don't, yeah, don't bet anything meaningful. We pulled everything out of our ass last week. The only thing that was a stepback in any way, shape or form was the stupid cults. I know, but You know what? We should have known better. We should have known better. Should know. Not to put they were, they were seven point favorites. Yeah. And had no business being seven point favorites over anybody. Yeah, exactly. And that was a rare, like we got suckered in on a bad team, basically just assuming the giants would take care of business And it was just a classic. Cults are an absolute, absolute Everybody needs to go situation, right?


I mean a very quickly and they probably will Hilariously Atlanta is in the exact same spot right now. Atlanta is laying seven and a half, just the exact same way. The culture laying seven and a half. Yeah. Atlanta's laying seven and a half to to Carolina, you know, who's been spunky? I, I'm I'm doing that. Not doing that. I'm staying away from the NFCS. Okay, good. Fine. Alright. Million dollar Picks week 18. Last week we won $641,000. Pretty good. We're up $2.177 million for the year and we're Double the nut. We're gonna scale back this week. Smart Because it's week 18.


It's a stupid week. I wanna have a nice little $2 million nest egg for the playoffs. For the playoffs baby. Yeah, I don't wanna, I don't wanna be like, oh what were we, I don't wanna be at the blackjack table of 20 minutes too long after they changed the dealers. Let's just take it nice and easy. Maybe we throw away the money line bets and just do Pittsburgh, Minnesota as the tease that We talked about. Fine. It's Ones of the week. Alright. All right. First bet Pittsburgh, we're gonna do a slight adjusted parlay with them, plus four and a half Pittsburgh against Cincinnati with Minnesota plus seven half against Detroit. That is plus one 12 on FanDuel.


And the reasoning for this, we don't think Pittsburgh is being judged correctly after their horrible three games and 11 days stretched there now 10 days rest against a team that they put 500 plus yards on their home, their underdogs. This is the all-time classic Tomlin situation. And then Minnesota plus seven and a half. I think we both think they're better than Detroit, but this gives us some buffer, right? If anything weird happens, yeah. Even if they're down 10 or 14 late, they're gonna get the cheap touchdown. 'cause Detroit stinks. So that's plus one 12. We'll put it, we'll put one 50 k on that. Okay. Just to respect ourselves.


Fair, fair, fair. And then I wanna put 50 K each on Vikings plus one 30 and Steelers plus one 10. Great. No argument. All right, then we are gonna put a hundred K on two teams against two teams that should not wanna win this weekend. The Patriots and the Titans. So Bill's minus two and a half, a hundred K on that over the Pats. Good. If the Pats win, I I I'm gonna lose my mind. I'm just telling you right now. Just don't just mute me on Twitter. Just do it. Do it now. I'm gonna fucking lose my mind. Don't watch the Sunday podcast. I'm gonna lose my mind if they win this game.


Oh, Texans minus one, one and a half. You root for it. I kind of wanna see it. Texans minus one and a half over the Titans. That the point Shavers. Yes. The point Sha the Titans. Texans over the point Shavers. Let's go going for two and 15. And it gets the spread this season, which is the most, you just gonna bet against them every week. You'd be, you'd be up a cajillion dollars. That could have been a million. Yeah. Right. A cajillion dollar 50. Change the, so it put a hundred K each on that. And then last but not least, just a little 50 k flyer on Chiefs plus 14 and a half adjusted with Rams plus 10 and a half, that is plus one 10 on FanDuel.


We just feel like the Chiefs are gonna hang around and make the Denver fans nervous. And I think the Rams are gonna hang around because I don't think McVay is a, I just wanna throw a game away guy. I think it's a, let me see, lemme see what we have with Blake Corrum. Yes. Lemme see what, what Jimmy g what's, what do I got here? He trusts Jimmy G. Yeah. What do I got with my third and fourth receivers? Maybe I'll run some trick shit. I just think he'll ha I think he'll have some fun in this game and get the team ready. So 50 k on that. And those are the million Dollar Picks for Week 18. There's one more stake for this house heading into the, to the weekend.


I need a Houston win and I need an Arizona win. And I finish Future over unders. That's all I did before the season. Yes. I'll be 27 and five. Woo. Right now I'm 25 and five. Houston win. They go over Arizona when they go over 27 in five house. That's a, that's, that's, that's getting the job done. That's very well done At, at some point. That's just impressive. Like, like somebody, somebody, as I said last week, you don't have To say it. We need, say we need the positive media count. Somebody who just points out positive takes that people had or great takes on something or like just, Hey, this person's been successful lately.


Like Cousin Sal with the, with the Wise wagers when he was 13 and two. Hey, look at this. Kudos to him. You need more positivity on social media in 2025. Anyway, Houston, Arizona, if I can hit both of those 27 and five, I'm rooting for you. Keeping my fingers crossed. I'm rooting for you. Good luck with Washington. So when you're here for round one, Rams, Washington is in play. In play. I mean, I don't want to, That's Saturday. I'll Talk about it. It's just, it's just too rich of a possibility. Let's just humbly acknowledge to the football guys. There is some possibility if everything went the way the universe worked out, Rams get the three seed, Washington gets to succeed. Maybe that's the Amazon Saturday night game.


You are gonna be here. We'd, we'd have to like seriously consider going to that game. Oh, I, no, we wouldn't consider it. We're going, we're, and I, I already know where we're, who, who we're gonna sit with. I mean, you know, we've, we've got all, we've got Washington fans in Los Angeles. The ownership of of, of Washington would be so thrilled to, to, to see some of us. I think, you know, I think we'd have a tremendous time Rooting for it. Well, you'll see us there. I I would actually root for Washington that game I think. Thank you. Thank you. I mean, you know. Well, But I'd also be rooting 'cause I'm sure we'd be with Chang. Yes. We would be. I'd also be rooting for his three and a half hour rollercoaster ride of a, of a possible mental breakdown.


Watching do it as he just angrily eats stuff too. Like he gets out all his neuroticism with food. That would be really fun to watch. That's why we get along well. Me and Chang. Yeah. All right. Right there with him house. Happy New Year. Great to see you. Happy New Year. Great to see you as well. Let's go. Sean Fantasy is here. Gamut of emotions for him right now. End of the movie year, end of another depressing jet season. But maybe the start of something special with the Knicks. So I don't know. You wanna start positive for once? I would love to. What do you mean? The start of something positive? It's been an amazing three plus years here. Now you're feeling contender in a real way.


Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I'm glad to hear you say that. You were pretty down on that Bridges trade. I think we were both down on the Carl trades. Yeah. Can we talk about the Picks? Well, they're not gonna matter that much if the team's really good for the rest of the decade. That's what I was gonna say. I I'm not crazy about that 2031 pick. But all these other Picks, I don't know if, if they're a 55 win team for the next five years, who cares? Who cares? It's a great way to think about it. The town's thing is the win of wins though. 'cause that could have gone nine different ways And it feels like at least so far we are almost, we're two and a half months in the season so far. It's gone as well as it could have possibly gone. And he's way more popular than even I could have expected in my wildest dreams.


And he is really fun to watch. And it just feels like he's at the peak of whatever his powers are. I was not really a fan of him as a player, but I think watching him on the Knicks has revealed how much I was not watching the T Wolves, honestly. Yeah. 'cause he's even more skilled than I had realized. And he's a good fit with this roster and I thought for some reason that him and Thibo had a really bad experience together. But that does not seem to be the case. Did. I mean, they seem No, that's true. And the old team. But they, But they seem to be getting along great now. I don't understand how they repaired that, but that he, he fits this team very well. Obviously he doesn't play great defense as your key interior defender, but that's not the plan, I don't think long term. So, no, I don't know. It's weird. They, they're really, they, they had a cupcake schedule in December for sure.


And they, but they've also played a ton of games on the road. So it's, it's weird. Like they really could be like a 55 win team and they may, may might be the second or third best team in the NBA right now. Maybe. Maybe fourth. Fourth seems right. Yeah. I'm talking later in the pod. I talked to my dad about the Celtics and you know, the, they have a really hard part of the schedule coming up. There's a chance for the Knicks to grab the two seat here and have at least home court for the first two rounds if they wanted to. But the thing that I'm, I mentioned this to Goldsberry on Tuesday. The thing that I worry about as a Celtic fan with them is the buyout potential of one or two guys who are like, yeah, cool, I'll be in New York for three, four months and shoot some threes for you and grab some rebounds.


So I heard you say that to Kirk. So like, who's on that list in your mind? Who's somebody who's Come over? It's hard to say, yeah, well 'cause so many teams are doing well or doing DC and or you know, haven't really packed it in yet. You know, you kind of don't know who the candidates are yet. So like, it's like Detroit had that terrible Jaden Ivy injury yesterday, right? Detroit was playing really well. He was a huge part of what they were doing. And then, you know, Cole Anthony goes in his leg, he's out for the air. It sucks, but maybe now, maybe that's a team that says, ah, yeah, maybe we're not a playoff team now and goes the other way. And now there's buyout guys on that team. I, I just don't know. Nix fans have been talking about getting beef stew in the mix in some way for, for months I think since the towns deal happened, knowing that they needed more interior defense and that's a, he, he feels real nixy to me.


I think he would fit in really well with his crew Of guys. Yeah. I think think to trade for him though is the problem we would Yeah, You're looking at more, yeah, you're looking at more of the dudes. I don't know on the Portland, those kind of teams, the Sacramentos, who knows. But I'm sure it'll be somebody And it won't be somebody we're expecting either. But yeah, it's fun that Nick Celtics probably gonna be round two, probably gonna be the two three would be my guess. Unless something dramatic happens. And that will be the most meaningful Celtics Knicks. These teams are actually pretty even in 40 years. Bill, I'm sensing a real, a little bit of a sadness in your voice about this, about the Knicks No. Being a legitimate franchise.


Come On. I'm happy for the fans. No, that, that it's the league's better when the Knicks are good. I'm happy. I'm happy for the, for the fan base. Everyone says that. But if we go to the NBA finals, we will be insufferable. Everyone will hate the Knicks. In a seconds. Ask Philadelphia fans how they feel about Knicks fans right now. Yeah. They fucking hate us 'cause of what happened in last spring. So I I think it's cool that we're a good story. And what can you say? Like I Leon Rose, I never would've guessed in a million years that he would've been this good at roster construction. Almost every move he has made, barring a couple of signings, like the Kemba signing, have been brilliant and he's been able to wriggle his way out of bad moves very well and he's drafted well.


I don it's, it's wild. It's been very exciting. There's a really fun scenario where the Sixers are in the plane and somehow get to a spot where the, if the Knicks or the two seed and somehow the Sixers win the seven eight game and all of a sudden we get Sixers Knicks again because that was, that's starting to be the best rivalry in the NBA with the, with the hatred from the fan bases. Yeah. Obviously the Sixers look a lot better now too. And their match, the matchup would be so significantly different. 'cause you've got Paul George and Mikhail Bridges and Carl Anthony Towns who were not a part of that matchup last year. Right. Plus a bunch of other guys that fully added to their roster too. So it would be different but the same.


I mean one of my favorite sports memories of 2024 is the Devo double bang, you know? Yeah. Which, you know, didn't end that series, but it felt like it ended that series And it, I felt like a, I felt a a a tide shifting in in the conference when that happened. I was like, oh wow. We are where the Sixers were three years ago. Like we are a team that people are like, they're not the best team in the conference, but you don't wanna fuck with them. Yeah. And we are missing Dante. So that's a guy. Can Dante be bought out and and resigned? Is that on on the table? I don't So can you resign if you've been traded? I don Yeah. I don't know the role on that, but he's playing too. Well, I don't see, I don't see a scenario for that. You'll get somebody interesting. Okay. It's weird to see you because not only do you have this, but the, the Met Steel Soto from the Yankees, you have that too.


Like, we head into 2025 with real New York sports optimism from you for once. Yeah. I feel like I'm about to be fired or something, you know, it's like things are going well for me with my sports teams. We, we, we will get to the Jets. But yeah, the Soto thing is unreal. I don't even know how to talk about it. This is something that never would've happened through the first 40 years of my life. Obviously Steve Cohen has changed the Mets pretty dramatically. I also don't think that they're a playoff team right now. If you look at their roster. So I'm not gonna get over my skis about the Mets. They still have a lot of work to do and their pitching staff, when you compare it to the rest of the National League East is not very good candidly. So the Soto thing is unreal. Soto Linor Vitos is very, very exciting.


But we'll see, we will see what's, what's gonna happen with Pete Alonzo. Will they trade for a pitcher? There's a lot, a lot to happen there. But they've ch they've totally changed their reputation in baseball, which is fucking awesome. All had enough optimism. The Jets Optimism. You couldn't wait. You could not wait to get off of that. This is it. This is it for Rogers and Devonte Adams and the coach. And yeah, you need a new GM and you obviously need a new owner, but that's not happening. There was a big athletic story about how weird it is with the owner and his kids being involved and it's, it was just over and over again, the data confirming the anecdotes, confirming the eye test, confirming that this is one of the most memorable shit shows in a While.


You predicted it before the season. Yeah. It's been even worse than I think you would've imagined. I Would've, I would not have predicted four and 13. I would've, I would've said maybe seven and 10. And they missed the playoffs. Yeah. Or eight and nine. And they missed the playoffs because last Year there were seven and 10 with Zach Wilson. Yeah. They were seven in 10 with Zach Wilson. Two seasons in a row. And they were about to go four and 13 probably with Aaron Rogers and basically great health. They have not had a lot of mass injuries. Right. They lost CJ Mosley for a while. They've had some, some health issues on the offensive line. But like Rogers hasn't missed a game. Ree Hall's only missed one or two games. I think Garrett Wilson hasn't missed a game. I mean the, the, their best players are playing and they stink.


They're terribly coached. Aaron Rogers is obviously an awful influence on the organization. I still don't really understand what the fuck he's talking about in public, like 85% of the time. I have no idea why he's grinding acts as the way that he is considering how poorly he's played. His stats are really good and they're very deceptive. If you've been watching the games, which I unfortunately have been, he can't move as well in the pocket. And he's so, so careful in his desire to not make a mistake that he often doesn't take chances where you need to, to have an exciting offense. So it's just not fun to watch what should at least be like an entertaining offensive team. They've sucked on offense this year. So it's, it's been horrible. The body language doctor has not liked anything he's seen.


No, you gotta him outta there. But I think that point that you made earlier though, not being able to understand what his agenda or his point is in some of his interviews, I think is a great point. 'cause sometimes I'll see transcripts or there'll be some quip that goes on Twitter and it's like, Roger says this on McAfee, I watch it and I, and you almost wonder is like, is this a, is this a bit like, what's he doing? I think he's just really online and really like responding to the critics. But we don't know who the critics are 'cause we don't see his mentions, the mentions of his mind. I mean, he, he just seems like a really weird guy right now. Well that's especially to be the guy who's supposed to be the, the calming force, the driver of your race car.


When you have somebody who's super at who now seems like he's clearly hoping he doesn't have to come back next year and seems like he's getting a little bridge, Bernie, so they'll maybe get rid of him. Can I, can I suggest a theory to you? Yeah, let's hear it. So let's look at like the last 10 years of professional athletes. We've had more and more great stars play longer and longer into their careers, right? We've got Tom Brady, we've got LeBron James, you know, even like Federer played for a very long time, like a lot of great athletes who extended their careers for health reasons or what have you. But a lot of those people have gotten like more and more odd in their public persona.


And one way to think about it is like being famous for a long time makes you kind of crazy, right? It makes you paranoid, it makes you, yeah. Makes you entitled. But I'm about the same age as Aaron Rogers and like I'm getting weirder and I'm getting like riddled with anxieties and there's certain things that I'm like, my body is fa breaking down and I'm getting bent outta shape about it and I've got a family and I've got different kinds of responsibilities. So it's like when you're 27 and you're locked in on your sport and you're the thing that you're doing, it's 'cause you don't have anything else going on in your life. Yeah. When you get older and like your parents start dying and you start thinking about your legacy, whatever the hell that is. Yeah. You get weird.


And Aaron Rogers just seems like he's been going through a midlife crisis for like four years and we keep thinking he's the guy from 2011 in Green Bay and he is not, he's just a middle-aged guy who just happens to be one of the best throwers of the football of all time. And so it's been fucking annoying that the one time we got a genuinely great quarterback, it happened to coincide with him going through a personal emotional crisis and we're watching it transpire in real time. It's A good theory. Well I wonder how much of that ties into Covid and how weird so many people got just being alone for nine, 10 months during Covid and getting pushed to be more and more online. And like if you did, if you didn't have a family around like, and you're just by yourself a lot, like what were the ramifications of that?


We both though people on our lives that just pre post covid just felt like they were slightly different people. Yeah. Look at cr he is completely fallen apart. Yeah. CR is, I mean I wasn't even gonna mention that. C's, C's now a maniac now I, I don't know how it plays out, but I do feel like there's some end game with him where he is not gonna retire and he clearly thinks something is happening for him next year somewhere. And I, I just don't know where that is. Yeah, I was thinking about that too. I, he probably should retire. He can still clearly still play. I don know if he can play at a High level. I don I don't feel like he can move in the same way anymore. He can't, he can't. I the thing that's notable this year is he used to be so great at evading pressure and buying himself two three, he just can't do it anymore.


No. You know, and, and as you said earlier, like doesn't seem like he wants to make mistakes. Like he's gonna finish the season with, you know, 26 touchdowns and 10 Picks and on paper it'll look great. But he also, he only does throws that are like these safe throws down the sidelines. These like timing catches or like these quick things and you know, you rather are seeing just being like Josh Allen gunning it. Yeah. I mean it's hard to watch kind of what the contemporary superstar quarterback is now relative to what his play is like and what the Jets quarterback play has been like for the last 50 years. That's the thing is like if he finishes with 26 and 10 and throws for 3,800 yards, that's what top five quarterback season in Jets history.


Like, that's how pathetic the team is, even though he has been terrible. So. Right. It's, it's, it's not ideal. I, I feel like, I don't know, like if the Cardinals trade Kyler Murray, is there a one year Aaron Rogers thing that could happen there? You know what I mean? Like, there, there feels like there are some spots where you could comfortably see him in a warm weather situation having one last hurrah. But I just don't want it to be in New York. I think Brady has ruined our ability to look at all of this stuff logically because quarterbacks are supposed to hit their late, late thirties. It just get worse every year. And then Brady, it just didn't happen with him. And I've said this before, but it's very similar to the LeBron thing. Like the LeBron thing is just really unusual.


We're not gonna see a lot of people just play until they're 40 and be able to Put up 25, 10 and seven and just bowl through guys even though they've had a Cajillion Miles. So, I don't know. IIII think this is what it should end. Like this Kirk Cousins, same thing. You should hit your late thirties and you should start becoming worse at quarterback. It's too hard to play movies. Yeah. I'm still getting through all the movies. Okay. There were What have you, there were a lot this year and I, and I got, I fell behind 'cause of basketball and football, but I've seen a lot of 'em now. It Was a really busy December. There was a ton of new movies in December. Yeah. They really dumped a lot of 'em late. Yeah. It felt like this weird award strategy or something.


And it's been hard to get through all of 'em with all the other stuff. But I've been, I've been trying, I don't have a movie that I really absolutely love this year and I don't, I know you're, you're talking about this on your podcast constantly, but is there, was there a movie in 2024 that you're just like, I'm fucking ride or die. I love this movie. I'll fight anybody who didn't like it. It doesn't feel like that movie exists this year. No. I I have not given five stars to any movie this year. Umprobably. Are you like Gabe Miler? I, I like A five star match. I'm honestly developing that. I'm trying my best. I think I've given out eight five star films in the last nine years or 10 years. Yeah. So yeah, no, there were not any this year.


Now my favorite movie is The Brutalist, which we can talk about. It is a divisive movie. And if people don't like it, I'm not gonna pick a fight with you about it. I understand why people don't like aspects of that movie. But No, I think the thing and the thing that you're feeling is the same thing that it seems to be, will be an issue for the Academy. 'cause we've never really gone this far. I it's at least since I've been doing this, where the best picture race is as open as it is. I, I think people genuinely do not know what's gonna win Best Picture. And it speaks to that lack of consensus that you're talking about. Yeah. The all these different films have pieces of things that feel like it's the movie of the year, but not the whole thing. We had somewhere, what was that Three Billboards year? We never really decided what the movie was that year.


And then Yeah, I mean that was all Of a sudden That was the Roma and, and Green Book year Yeah. As well. Yeah. Or was it the previous year? Maybe that was the previous year. Maybe that was the previous year. That was like Get Out and Lady Bird and Yeah. But yeah, but those years we, those were like ride or die movies. We were like, get out. Like we had great arguments that year. I remember that Three Billboards year we just kind of Black Klansman. There was a bunch of 'em where it was like, ah, I liked it but I wasn't all the way there. Like, I thought that way about an Nora. I thought the first hour of an Nora was like just absolutely riveted the second hour. You know, it, it lost an hour. But I was still really glad I saw it. I thought it was a really original, awesome creative movie. But it was a little flawed too. I think it's, that's probably the front runner as much as there can be for Best Picture.


It's a movie that I really like. I really like all of Sean Baker's movies. It's not, it isn't my favorite of his movies. I think it's got a great central performance and that helps it a lot. Yeah. But it's a, it's a fairy tale about class, you know, like it is not, it's not gonna be the most crowd pleasing movie despite having this like insane screwball energy that people seem to be responding to seem. Well it also, the second biggest part in the movie is somebody who's basically insane for two hours. He's Russian Borat. Yeah. Yeah. And, and it's a choice. It was really, listen, it's really memorable And it has a couple of distinct memorable scenes, but if that won Best Picture, that would be kind of shocking.


Conclave has the big twist in the end. Conclave has all the breadcrumbs of what a best actor or sorry, best film looks like. It's another one. It's bringing into this world that's kind of cool. There's great actors that I like and I got like 82% there for me doing percentages. I watched it. It didn't get a hundred percent for me. I watched it a second time with my wife over the break and I had the same feeling, which is the feeling that I had. I think it's very propulsive and entertaining. It's a great watch. I think The Twist is a little silly and ham handed. I had someone suggest to me, I was just talking about this with Amanda, someone suggest to me that if they had put the twist in the middle of the movie and only had the Ray Fines character know the Twist and no one else know.


It might've changed the dynamic of the movie and maybe not made the twist feel as like rushed. Yeah. Which was cool. I don't usually like being like, your movie would've been better if you'd just done this. 'cause I don't fucking know what I'm talking about. But I, that was a cool idea that I think maybe would've made me feel a little bit better about the movie. 'cause it's, you know, the craft is really good. It's edited beautifully. The great performances like Refines is exceptional in the movie. You know, you got Liko and Tucci and My guy Tedesco vaping. Like, it's just, there's some great stuff in that movie, but it, it feel, it felt a little bit like kind of silly and a little bit like ta-da with the reveal at the end that made me not like, it Didn't feel a little like ta-da felt a lot like ta-da. Yeah. Yeah. It was like, how do we end this?


Whoa. And then somebody got an idea over coffee one day and all of a sudden that was the end of the movie. Yeah. I didn't think he was better than Shala Ma. I thought fines was really good. I thought cha, I thought what Shala Ma did. Sierra and I did a little Ringer movies YouTube thing about it. I know you talked about it too, but I, I didn't love the movie. I really liked watching it. I don't know if I would watch it again. But I, I think I liked watching it for the actors and not the actual movie. I thought it was really conventional. But I really liked watching Shaima. I liked all the, all the main actors that thought were excellent. I didn't know Shala, I had that in him i's really proud of him. I felt like I felt a little, felt a little, I don dunno, Our little baby's all growns up.


Yeah. You know, he did it. You know, the world's number one Bill Simmons fan is now the world's number one young movie star. Yeah. I, I I fully agree. I agree with everything that you said in your conversation with Chris. I feel the same way about the movie. I think the movie is, you know, Jim James Manel doesn't make like bad boring movies. You know, he, his movies are always like rock solid good watches. This is by far, far from his best movie in my opinion. I think it is pretty conventional. There's not a lot of story. I think the movie makes a good choice by not trying to explain who and what Bob Dylan is. That he's more like this spirit that moved through this period of history. And Chalamet embodies that spirit really well.


And obviously his like singing in guitar playing is, it's, it's amazing. I mean, it's just amazing. I know my expectations were c plus is a win and it was in the, it was in the a range. A hundred percent. I, I, I really think he could win. I really think people's heads have been turned. I think a lot of people had the, the kind of lowered expectations that you were talking about. I know, I sure did. I was terrified to watch this movie as a psychotic Bob Dylan fan. Yeah. I think they, for the most part got the idea of Bob Wright. I wish the movie tried to explore a little bit more of the why instead of just like showing you stuff happening. But A friend of mine, a friend of mine, had a really good point that I was hanging out with on New Year's Eve about the movie that so much of the movie hinges on the person that's watching it, understanding the before and after of Dylan, which they try to do in the movie and they're just kind of showing you.


But if you're under 35, you don't get it. You don't understand it 'cause you don't know the backstory of it. That it was like music was like this and then it became like this. And it, And it wasn't just Dylan, it was the Rolling Stones. It was a lot of different art, the Beatles, all these different artists who, you know, went from basically black and white TV to color TV in music over the course of four years. And the movie shows us that. But it doesn't, and it's trying to tell us that. But I don't know if it ever gets message across for somebody like my daughter who doesn't know anything about the sixties. You know what I mean? Yeah, Yeah. I do. I, and I mean, I think the movie is not really pitched at her. I think there's like a little bit of a kind of a bait and switch here because Alma is the star. So of course like in theory it's a movie that should appeal to young people.


But it's a movie for boomers and, and for older people, you know, it's people like, I, I was texting with Juliet yesterday and she said that her parents like were profoundly affected by the movie because they grew up, you know, admiring Bob and, and listening to folk music and that that being a meaningful part of their lives. And I mean, how, how could it not be, you know, like if it, my mom would've loved this movie, you know? Right. She would've just felt so close to it and she would've loved the idea of like a young movie star getting Bob Dylan the way that shall make Clearly does. Like Yeah. If you listen to his press interviews, he knows everything about Dylan. He's read every book. Yeah. He knows every bootleg recording like he is encyclopedic about it, which is pretty cool.


But you can't expect a 19-year-old to have that same level of information. Hopefully what it will do is it will put people on a path to finding out about some of this stuff. And the way that culture shifted over that time that you're describing. Yeah, I've, I felt differently. Like, I kind of felt like I knew everything in the movie, so I was learning basically nothing. So I was just confident on the actors. Right. There were no surprises at all if you knew I don I mean, you're a bigger Dylan fan than I was there one. Like, we were like, oh my God, I didn't realize they, there was nothing like That. No. Now, and I said this before the movie even came out that, you know, for me personally, that's just not the most interesting period of time in Dylan's life. It's also a period of time that is extremely chronicled.


Like there are documentaries, multiple documentaries about this period of his life. There is lots of contemporaneous footage of him talking during that period. Yeah. But once you get into like 66 through 1980, there's not a lot, nearly as much, I mean, he's doing way less press. Yeah. He disappears for like years at a time. He shifts his musical style so dramatically. So that stuff all that is like, that's discoverable territory or you could interpret what was happening, what we see in 62 through 65, that's legendary American music history. Yeah. So I, I felt the same way. I just didn't feel like I was seeing anything new. But maybe that's not the movie's job.


Maybe the movie's job is just to represent that period in time and they did the best they could. It was missing that one. Like Walk the Line, I always had Johnny Cash Volatile guy. This relationship with this way, it had like this hook that I was like, I kind of wanna know more about this. I always wondered what this was And it dove into it. And this didn't really have the Joan Baez relationship, but it didn't feel like just wasn't as, wasn't as riveting. Yeah. I mean you're describing like the dramatic tension, you know, like Walk the Line has dramatic tension and there's no dramatic tension in the Bob Dylan movie. It's like he came along, he blew people's minds. He was the first meaningful folk artist who was performing all original songs. People are literally in the audience staring with their mouth open at a 23-year-old kid explaining God in the universe and the way we relate to each other.


And they were take breathless, taken away, falling in love with him. Everyone all fell in love with him at the same time. And then he betrayed them by leaving their movement. That's, that's the whole movie. So there is no dramatic tension in that story. It doesn't mean it's not fun to watch. It is fun to watch Two movies that out kicked their coverage for me. Okay. We haven't talked about this. I really liked Heretic. I thought it was one of the best horror movies in a while. And I, I the only read, I just was late seeing it. My daughter had sung in the theater and she's like, you've gotta see this movie. I knew nothing about it. I intentionally read nothing. And I thought it was one of the best horror movies of the last 10 years. And I don't even know if you'd call it a horror movie, whatever, whatever genre that is.


I thought it was really cool, really well written. I, I like the actors thought Hugh Grant was great. It made me think about shit. I just thought it was really good. Like I wouldn't be, it's not, wouldn't be shocking if that was one of the 10 best films. Right. I think it's on the outside, but maybe not as far on the outside as I would've thought three months ago. Yeah. Hugh Hugh Grant is nominated for Golden Globe, which is happening on Sunday in like, I don't care. 12 years of knowing you. Golden Globe to me is what like Rotten Tomatoes for you. When I bring up re watchable, it's a, it's like 80, it's A little bit more respectable than it was five years ago. Okay, sure. They're owned by different people. They have different voters.


But you're right. It's not that big of a deal. I'm so in, in 12 years, I don't know if you and I have ever had a Hugh Grant conversation. Where, where do you stand on Hugh Grant? Fascinating career. We're three plus decades now. Go back to early nineties with him. And he is, there's been a lot of iterations from him and now he's kind of into this old creepy English guy version of Hug Grant, which I'm all in for. He's playing a lot of dirt bags and villains. Yeah. Which has been very fun. Bag Hug Grant is great. That's been fun. So you like Tara take two Or you or did I like it more than you Love the first two thirds? Love the, like, thriller man traps two women in his house stuff. It gets a little funky at the end for me when it Yeah. Kind of twists on the story.


I thought some of it was interesting and some of it I didn't love as much, but I love the writing and the like, it was very like post Tarantino, like Guy explains all his theories to people. Stuff that I really, I always think is fun. And Hugh Grant is so game and you know, him making the connections between like the Hollies and Radiohead and Lana Del Rey and the board game stuff. I thought all that was so fun. So yeah, I dug it and I really liked those two young actresses. Sophie Thatcher, who's on Yellow Jackets. Yeah. Chloe East, who was the girlfriend in the Fable Mans, both of whom I think like could be big stars someday. Yeah. But that also fits into 2024 where it was like, this movie I really like, but it was missing something. I agree with you the last 20 minutes. It's like, ah, you landed the plane.


But I kind of hit my head on the Yeah. Ceiling of the plane as you were landing it and, but we we made it. Yeah. But I, I'm, I watched it. I was really glad I watched it That it was fun. Yeah. I, I liked the guys who made it too. I just didn't, wasn't crazy about the ending And Nickel Boys I thought, and I'd heard some people mention it, but I just thought it was so inventive how they, the filmmaking was just, it was just a really cool movie. It was really unusual and unique And it really stood out to me. Did you find you watch it at home? Yeah. Which was probably a mistake. IWI wish I had seen it in the theater. Did you find it challenging to lock into it because like, I saw it at a film festival and like people were walking out, you know, some 'cause it is really unusual the way that it's done.


It's done in this first person perspectival way where like you are the character essentially. It was cool through The whole film. I never really seen, I could see it in a movie theater that it would make you wanna almost wanna throw up. So maybe it was better. I saw it at, at home. It, it Was disorienting at first for sure. I really, really like it. It's one of my favorite movies of the year. I think the guy who made it, who played point guard at Georgetown, by the way, Ramel Ross, who's best player. Wow. Who's a great guy. Super smart guy. But it's just a, there's nothing like it, there's nothing like that movie. It's really deep. Has a lot to say and it's just really, really interesting the way that they made it. So I'm, I'm stoked that you liked that. Yeah. 'cause it made, it made me think that guy, maybe it's his next movie or two movies from now will have an awesome movie.


You know what I mean? Yeah. I mean, I don't Like he, all the ingredients were there for, I wanna see what this guy does next. It's funny that you say that though, because I had him on the show in December. Yeah. And, and he was like, I'm not really like a director. He's like, I'm a college professor and if I wanna make another movie cool. If not, no. Like his previous movie was a documentary that was nominated for an Oscar, but he was, he kind of, I wouldn't say he stumbled into it, but he's not strategic in the way that like all these directors I interview, they're always like, and then my next movie's gonna be like a sci-fi epic. He's not like that. You know, he's just like, whatever. If a book comes along, I think he did the movie. 'cause the Brad Pitt's production company called him and they were like, we liked your documentary. Do you have any thoughts on this novel by Colson Whitehead? And that's why he made it.


Right. So two that didn't get there for me were the substance and baby girl. But I was glad I saw both. Okay. I've never wanna watch either again, baby girl. I have people in my life like my mother who absolutely hated it and usually is the kind of movie she likes. 'cause my mother's weird, but really good performances at the top of it. Movies that were trying to say stuff and took swings. And I know you've talked about both, but I, I just, I appreciated the Swing. Yeah. It just didn't, the movie, neither movie worked for me. Neither. The substance is exciting for me as a, like a, a fan of crazy horror, you know?


Yeah. As a fan of body horror and this like explosive kind of stuff that is almost never built around female characters is like a female writer director. The whole movie is about the female perspective, what the expectations are of women in our society, et cetera, et cetera. So seeing that and then watching her like basically go all the way with it. Make a two hour and 20 minute movie that's just like disgusting and explosively like primal. Like, just like puss and gore and blood dripping from Demi Moore. Like, it's really gross. And the fact that that movie is like an Oscar contender is so wild to me. I really liked it as just like an act of here's everything. It's so maximalist. Yeah.


Admirable effort. Yeah. It's a, it it, like you said, I Don dunno if it need to be two hours, 20 minutes long and I I did not enjoy watching the last 30 minutes, which I think was the point of the Movie. It's exactly Right. You're not supposed to enjoy the last 30 minutes. Exactly. Right. It is durational. It's like sit through this and fucking watch what we do to women. That's what Yeah. That's what the end of the movie is and what women do themselves because of the, how they feel about, You know, what the expectations that they have. Baby girl I think is a little less successful in the substance. I'm so interested in your mom not being into it because it's obviously sort of an update on the erotic thriller. But I, Well that was her take. She was like, the eighties movies did this so much better.


This is trying too hard. I'm not buying it. I don't understand why Nicole Kidman wanted to do a movie. Like, like she, it just, it set her off. I would argue that it's like a little bit more of a black comedy than that. That it's almost like using the erotic thriller to springboard to make like a comedy of manners and that it's meant to be received a little bit more humorously. Like everything Harris Dickinson is doing to Nicole Kidman in the movie is very funny to me. You know, like the Glass of Milk and ordering the glass of milk. I don't wanna spoil the movie for anybody who hasn't seen it. Yeah. Like there's a couple things in there that I was laughing in the theater and like not a lot of other people were. And I was like, I think they went in expecting nine and a half weeks or expecting disclosure.


And So maybe there was a marketing thing. I think they wanted to push it as a sexy movie. And it is kind of a sexy movie, but it's very, I don't know. It's very humorous. I I have interviewed the director of that movie a couple times now and she's super funny and yeah, very like she's an actress and she's very outgoing and charismatic and goofy. And so when you meet her you're like, this is not supposed to be like some Adrian Line movie from 1989. Like that's not her energy at all. But, you know, your mom has got some of the goat taste, so I'm not gonna challenge her. Nos farra too. I'm, as I told you, I'm not a gothic Dracula vampire. I'm just not, it's not, I'm not the audience for that movie.


Some people in my life really liked it. Some other people are like, eh, next Popped on. And he was like, he loved it. Yeah. That's been Dracula for my entire life though. Or vampires or whatever, whatever version of this. I just, for me personally, I'm not a fan. Break it down for me. Why do you Not like that? Never va like any of 'em. I didn't even like the Coppola one. Well, is it about something about the blood sucking the fangs, the Eastern European thing? What's, what is it that you're Turned off to? I don I don't, it just doesn't work for me. I, I can't, I can't defend it. I can't explain it. I've just, even since I was a, the last one I liked was they used to do the creature Creature feature, whatever the double features the Christopher Lee movies, they would show all the time on Channel 56 in Massachusetts.


The Hammer Horror. Yeah. And yeah. And it was always like the Dracula ones or the, they, those movies from the fifties. I don't know. I just could never get there with any of 'em. I always was more like for horror. I was always more of the, I wanna be able to relate to this in some way. I can't relate to going into some weird dark mansion in the middle of nowhere and trying to figure out, I I just doesn't work for me. But other people love it. Can I, can I give you an opening to, to suggest Nosferatu for you? Nosferatu is a movie about real estate. The whole movie Oh is about, I Did notice there was a Redfin element to it. There Is a hundred percent a Redfin element account summons a real estate agent to his castle.


'cause he wants to buy, you know, a little hacienda. A little piata tear. Yeah. In, in, in, in Germany. And that's the, that's the plot engine of the movie guy wants to come to a German town. So selling Sunset dark Germany. Absolutely selling sunset with syphilitic metaphors about sex and blood. I don't, it might've been better for me in the theater being trapped to it, like being trapped to the screen versus I saw it at home. I'm sure that was a piece of it, but I was, yeah. I mean, my wife falling asleep with a half hour to go was was like minus a thousand on FanDuel and then that happened and, but what's weird is my daughter didn't like it, but my daughter's boyfriend loved it and saw it in the theater twice.


I just think, oh, really? Like nephew Kyle loved it. Like some people, like this is a type of genre they love. Yeah. I mean it's, it's, it's literally a 100-year-old thing. I mean the, the, the original Nosferatu was in 1922. Yeah. And it's a story that never expires. People just love vampires. They love vampire stories. I like vampire stories. I've probably seen hundreds of vampire movies at this point in my life. This one, you know, Robert Eggers is the director. He's made four movies now. All of his movies have the same kind of thing where there's like a attention to period detail. The lighting and direction is so specific and focused and unique. And his, his level of craftsmanship is basically unmatched in genre filmmaking. So That, and that was the fun part to watch. Like it's an exceptionally well done movie.


Yeah. But if you don't like those stories, you don't like those stories. You know, I've never, I respected never, I don't even know if there's a vampire movie. I didn't even really like Buffy the Vampire Slayer and all that stuff. I just never got it. You know, more, maybe I'm more of a werewolf guy. Is that possible? Well, the Wolf Man is coming to theaters in January, starring Christopher Abbott and Julia Garner. It's a Blumhouse movie. Okay. The brutalist I've not seen yet. It's 200 minutes. You, you sent a very attacking text message to me over the weekend. What did you say? What was That? I said I might, I said I might not, I might not have the 200 minutes until after the playoffs. It might have to be like two weeks before the Oscars situation.


So 200 minutes is I could take a train from Back Bay Station in Boston to New York in the Brutalist wouldn't be over as I'm getting into New York. Maybe you should watch it on the train ride on your, on your iPad. Just stuck on the Exela watching brutalist. I mean, you know, the, the length, like, It seems like it's a movie for you. It seems like it's a movie for the diehard movie nerds. And, and I get it. What's the runtime of the Godfather Bill? Three hours. It's Two hours and 55 minutes. Okay, so 1 75 minutes. So you're tacking on, You're gonna compare the 20 Minutes to The Godfather.


Well, I'm only comparing it because other people have been comparing it. 'cause it's, it's meant to be an American epic the same way that The Godfather is with big gestures and breathtaking performances and beautiful craft and a movie with full of ideas that is also extremely entertaining. I don't, you know, it's not as good as The Godfather. I'm not suggesting that. But You've seen it twice. I've seen it twice and I'm seeing it a third time on the big screen next week. I really like, I really like this movie. I think it's not, it's not perfect. No movie is perfect, but I think that there's like the, the conversation around like how long it is and whether or not it's only for film nerds is like, I don't know man, you like Apocalypse Now. You like The Godfather. I Really do.


You Like great grand, epic visionary movies. You like, there will be Blood, like it's in the same Tradition. I didn't like There will be Blood. So what's the problem? Like what's the issue? You'll, you'll watch nine hours of a horrendous Netflix show. I'll watch 10 straight hours of NFL on Sunday and watch some of the worst quarterbacks we've had this decade. That's Right. I, I've watched how many hours of Aaron Rogers have I watched in 2024? For fuck's sake. I can sit through three and a half hours with The brutalist. I get. It seems, it seems like it's, it's a can't miss her. Well, there's been some like, like Roma and there's been some over the, over the last 10 years. I'm just like, I just, I'm tapping out. I don't, I don't, don't Care.


Okay, here's what the case I'll make. I think the second half of the movie has be been much more controversial than the first the movie's bifurcated. There's an intermission. Yeah. A literal intermission. 15 minutes in the middle. The first half is just, here's the Cell. It's a classic story of the American rise. An immigrant comes to the country and they try to make a better life for themselves. In this case, it's someone coming after surviving the Holocaust from Yeah. Hungary. And he's an architect and an artist, but he has to start at the bottom and he has to build himself up and he has to have opportunities come up. His, so, so he's blogging, So he blogs, he blogs for hoop sites and he does rumors and he manifests trades. Yeah.


And the, the movie is just like, the first 90 minutes of the movie is just up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up, up. And it's incredibly exciting. I know that's Gonna, yeah. And the second half is, you know, it's a rollercoaster. Rollercoasters are fucking fun. Yeah. The brutalist is, is it pretentious art film? Yes. Is it also an incredibly fun movie with like, big, bold performances? Are you a guy Pierce guy? I, for a long time never understood why Hollywood stop biting. I he's incredible in this movie. Very funny. Yeah. Ridiculous. Over the top. He's really like Guy Pierce. He's a very familiar character. I think you, I I, I think if you can carve out the time, I just gotta clear out nobody in the house. I just gotta clear out focus. Put my, put my phone in another room.


Yeah. Just try myself. Just one room. One room without Pistons. Hornets, you know. Yeah. Just you, you don't have to watch that game tonight. Just turn yourself over to the brutalist and, and maybe you'll learn something about yourself. You Know, even heretic. I had little Sixers Kings going on the bottom left tv. It's perfect. Probably keep me grounded. Brutalist, no, no basketball on any TVs That honestly, that hurt, that like, hurts my brain. The idea of running, just wanted to See what was happening with, you know, it was like, it was not that. Was this pre or post Mike Brown firing? No, this was last night. Oh, last night, okay. Yeah. So, so you were like, I wanna see what, who's, who took over for Mike Brown? I don't even know Doug the great Doug Christie.


Oh, Right. Former basketball Wistar. Right. Was Jackie there? Was she in the front row? Yeah, Probably, probably Ma doing little finger points on him. So who wins best film right now? I mean, the odds really aren't out yet until we get to Final 10. It seems like it's wide open. You know, Amanda came back to the show today. Yeah. And Congrats. Amanda. Welcome back. Yeah. She's back and she, she was like, I think it's wicked and the wicked thing is happening. And if that happens, like I, I might need to go to Hawaii for a few months. I I I might need to bail for a while. Four minutes. That's how far you made it. Yeah. It's not for me. I mean, that was what she said too. She was like, it's not for me. I mean, I, I'm, I'm in the business.


If I had a 4-year-old daughter, like if I, or if I was you and Tate, I would've gone, I would've sat through it, but it's not, I'm out. My daughter liked it. Didn't love it. It's so Long. I think there's two kinds of movie people. There's the kind like you or the, the movie where you, you have to see literally everything. Right? Then there's the, the pick and choose diehard movie fans. And I've hit the pick and choose part of my life at this point. And it, it's like, I'm just not gonna, I'm not gonna see everything anymore. I'm gonna, I'm gonna, and if there's a couple people in my life who are really, really pushing a movie that I trust or I'm like, ah, they seem really all right, fine.


But for the most part, I don't feel there's also way more movies out than there's ever been. And the, the, in the old days, there was always like, you kind of knew, oh, this is an awards movie. This is a big popcorn movie. This is a movie. Trying to get a lot of people Now. There's just a lot of movies coming out where I don't even know what the goal was, the goal of the movie to make money. Like who, who greenlit this? It was the goal to try to make this in under 3 million. It feels like we have more of those than ever before, and it's really hard to tell which are the essential ones to watch. It's a great question. I've thought about it too. I was just watching an interview between Conan O'Brien and Billy Crystal. And Billy Crystal was talking about his experience hosting the Academy Awards.


And, and Conan was like, you had it easy, man. There were like 38 movies and everyone had seen all of them. And now there's like 300 releases just in America every year. Plus, plus I saw the streaming shit. Yeah, they the, then you start adding in like the carry-ons and all those kind of movies and it's just, I just feel like there's more choices than we've ever had before. And weirdly, the TV's gotten worse. Yeah. I I'm curious to see if TV shows are better next year. I've never watched as little TV as I watched in 2024. Yeah, this is the fewest, I mean, since I was five years old, probably. But yeah, I don't know. I, the movie stuff is hard. It's obviously making me crazy because I feel like I have to watch everything and that's not healthy. It's like, it doesn't make sense to try to watch 300 new movies a year every year.


I'm gonna fucking burn out, But, well, and they're also getting longer. That's the other piece. So it's like when we do re watchable and Craig's like, whoa, it's an hour 34. Like, he's so excited. All these, all these movies now feel like they have to be gigantic, but it's still, I feel like the creativity is still there. Yeah. I think there's more choices than ever for what, You know, what you like. I still feel like there's, we have a nice generation of younger actors now that we were really, you came on here a couple years ago. We were really worried about the next generation. And now I feel like there's so many, like under 35, under 40 actors that I, I really believe in now.


It's a great time. I mean, just look at Dune part two, you know? Yeah. It's just, it's like, it's Shaima Florence Pews and Day Austin Baller. Like, we're good. We got even That Florence Pgh, Andrew Garfield movie that my wife and daughter loved. Like, I'm glad people are making those movies though. It's like agreed. Here's our audience. It's cancer and cooking and this lady's gonna die in the end. And that was the original title. What Moms and Daughters Cooking. Watch this Together. Yeah, I like that movie. 'cause it felt like 1996. It was, it's just a really good 1996 draw, like weepy and Yeah. I mean, look, you have to work harder than you used to have to work to know. It used to just be like by and understand Weekly, they'll tell you everything You need to see anything beyond that. You're a real film fan.


You're a real cinephile now. I don't know. I mean, there's movies I haven't seen that came out this year that came out last year. And it, like, in theory, I'm, I, I should know, I should have seen everything. I just impossible to make the time and to recommend all the right stuff. So it's challenging, but I think 2025 is gonna be a good culture year. I feel pretty, pretty, pretty Strong about that. Well, we know the TV's gonna get better and hopefully there's some good movie stuff too. All right. You can listen to Fantasy in the Big Picture. You can hear 'em on the re watchable every so often. Congrats on the Knicks. Congrats on not having Aaron Rogers in your life anymore after this weekend probably. We'll See. What if they bring him back? I can't imagine. Don't I said to you, I texted you that Garrett Wilson, the move needs to be, he just needs to go off on Aaron Rogers and just the Jets fan base would be like, finally our savior is spoken.


Let him just say the words him or me out loud into a microphone. I would love it. Yeah, That sounds great. All right. Happy New Year, Sean. Thanks, bill. All right. My dad is here. We're taping this 1230 Pacific time on Thursday. We're three days away from Bill's Patriots waiting to see if the Patriots are gonna do the right thing. And actually not intentionally lose the game, but maybe, maybe structure things a certain way so that they don't get a win. What, what's the mood like in Boston with this Patriots team as we head into week 18? Well, people I've talked to this week are furious that Mayo is thinking of even starting May.


Yeah. I mean he al he almost had two concussions in two games now. And he, he led us to believe in a press conference over the weekend that he was gonna start the other rookie and give him a shot. And now all of a sudden they interviewed him last night and it's typical of what he's done all year. Flip flops, you know, it seems like he changes his mind or listens to different people. And now he says, well May's healthy, you know, we wanna give him a chance. Nobody wants to give him a chance. We wanna shut him down. Right. Yeah. There's two reasons we wanna shut him down. One, he gives us the best chance to win. They don't wanna win. 'cause of all these extra assets you'd get with the pick.


The other thing is he's getting the crap kicked out of him. Right. And at this point I'm just happy, like that hit he took of the Chargers game, I'm just happy to put him on the shelf. Gonzalez, same thing. Get him outta there. Right? Let's just get out of the season and then kind of figure out what we have with the team instead. Like to, to win this game and to lose out on all the extra assets you would get from a trade down to me make it almost looks like organizationally you have to look at it and go, who's running the team? Does the coach think he's gonna be there? Does the GM think he's gonna be there? What do the owners want out of this? And it's a recurring theme that we've had for a year. It doesn't seem like anybody is really in charge.


It's ludicrous that it's apparent. At least that's the scuttlebutt. If you listen to talk radio here that Mayo thinks if this last game, he shows ownership. Meanwhile, if I'm ownership, I'm surprised they haven't suggested to him very strongly that Shut May down. Gonzales didn't practice all week. Yeah. He had a concussion the last game. Shut him down. He's probably shut down anyway and play all the reserves. Yeah. Let's see what we got with Joe Milton. Yeah. I'd love to watch Joe Milton actually they say he's got a rocket of an arm. Yeah, I'd love to see him out there.


Now if he played too well, I'd be upset, but you know, we're in line for that number one draft pick we've had. We've had a terrible season. Don't let the coach think that he can save his job by winning a meaningless game. But this is what happens when the coach's motivations and the GM's motivations aren't aligned with the owner's motivations. Right. If the coach knows he's gonna be here next year, you're totally fine throwing the game weight. 'cause you know, the team was, it's the best thing you can do for the team, right? If you feel like you're on thin ice, you're thinking about it differently. But the guy who's really on thin ice is Bob Craft, who I think over the last year it's been one of the biggest turns, I think of a, of a fan base feeling about somebody that belonged to the fan base.


Where you would go to these Celtic games every time they showed craft, if he was in the stands standing ovation or huge cheers. Yeah. And this year was not the case, right? Well this year he, I've only seen him at one game and he wasn't even recognized on the jumbotron. He was sitting next to the owner. So I knew it was there, but they didn't recognize him. And the same is true when Belichick used to come to the games, he'd get a standing ovation. He hasn't come this year. Yeah. Which I guess makes sense. He's probably, Well he's got eight jobs, He's got a lot of jobs elsewhere. Yeah. And he, to satisfy his young girlfriend. But you know, the craft thing is interesting.


I bet there's a piece of Bob Kraft that doesn't wanna finish as the number one worst team in the league. There's an ego thing maybe for the owner too. I mean, do you think so? I hope you're, I hope you're not right. I hope I'm not right. But I mean, to have the worst team in the league, that that takes an ego hit for the owner of the team too. Well, I remember when we were talking about Missoula after that first year and whether they should bring him back or not. And we were really concerned about a bunch of stuff that we saw during this season from him. Right. But we, we were always, we were always factoring in, this was about as unfair of a situation as somebody could possibly be in.


He gets the job right before the year he loses, you know, he's the number four assistant. He loses other assistants that were on the team during the year. He's young, he's friends with some of the guys in the team. Everything that there was the Grant Williams, Marcus Smart pieces. Right? There was a case like, hey, they give him the off season, they give him a better bench of people. They made the Graham Williams market smart trades, let's see what he's got. And he's gotten better as it's gone on. I don't know what the case is with Mayo where Yeah, I agree. It's a good comparison because remember though, that Celtic team still achieved pretty, pretty highly. Yeah. That team won a lot of games. Yeah. And lost game seven in the Eastern finals.


So it wasn't like he was a dumpster fire. No, I'm not defending Missoula. I think he has, has learned a lot over the two years now. Three years. You Promoted him, he's first row Joe for you now He is just Joe Mazola the coach. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. We like Joe Mezo. Mayo is a lot. He's a different case. His, his press conferences or even when he gets interviewed by a journalist, he's all over the place. I, I don't think he really has an idea what he has in mind for this team. Yeah. And even, even as evidence this whole week, is he gonna play May? Is he not gonna play May? Does he wanna win this game? Well, he got interviewed the other day, said, You know what?


He wants to win. He's not interested in draft placement. The fans are Yeah. I mean, we are, Well it's such a dramatic difference Yeah. In assets, you know, and I, I'm not a huge tanking guy and I get why it's, it's, I think sometimes it could be really cancerous if that just becomes a strategy when you're in the situation they're in here where the quarterback's banged up and you know, it just makes no sense. I dont know why they wouldn't want the number one pick. Yeah. Put the draft pick aside. I don't want Mae to get hurt. Yeah. You know, he, we might have the worst offensive line in the league. It's certainly the worst we've ever had since you and I have rooted for the team I can remember.


Yeah. The, the worst for the Patriot team. Patriot team. I don't trust that he won't get hurt with this offensive line. Unable to protect him. He shouldn't be out there. Now, I guess that begs the question any quarterback could put out there is vulnerable, but he can't put out the franchise quarterback Well, especially when he's, he's a little bit reckless, which is a great quality. Unless like that, You know, what he did last week in the Chargers game was, was pretty reckless. Like he was going outbounds, he spun back in, ends up taking this huge hit. It's the first drive of the game. Yeah. I, it's weird. I, I feel bad for Mayo 'cause he seems like a nice guy and I just think sometimes it's the wrong job.


He was never, I don't know if he was ever actually the defensive coordinator. I don't, I I think he was, you know, part of the team. Belichick's obviously running so much of it. Right. But he's just seemed to overmatch this whole year. The press conferences, even though they don't, they don't matter that much. But they kind of do too because they're the connection and the fan base and the connection is seeming like you're stable and you have some sort of north star that's guiding you. And even, you know, the, the reminder Stevenson, he's not starting this week, we're starting Gibson. It's like, no actually reminders started. Hey, what happened coach? That was a coach's decision. It's like, like no other team does this where the guy just changes his mind and he's had like five of those.


Yeah. He probably has had more than five, but I can't say the fan base here has any trust in his ability to be a head coach. It's interesting, for the two years before Belichick left Mayo, Mayo was on tv like a pregame show or after game show. He, he discussed the game and the defense and he was very eloquent. Yeah. He knew his business. It's a lot different though, stepping into the head coaching job. You and I talk a lot about assistant superintendents or assistant coaches and sometimes you're meant to stay in the assistant role and do a great job, right.


To be the number two guy or the number three guy versus Yeah, I just think he's, he's in over his head and he's overwhelmed. It just seems like he's overwhelmed now. Well the big thing for him though is that I, I mean every head coach has to have some sort of specialty, right? Like sometimes there's like the culture coaches and it's somebody like Harbaugh who's like, he's good at everything as a coach, but he is really about like a culture and coach in different parts of the team. I think, I think the, the, the best coaches have always been guys that do everything and have some sort of identity of that. But then there's other coaches who are like, well at least I really know this. I'm really good at offense. Right? I'm really good at defense. This, he was supposed to be this defensive guy and the defense is abominable.


I mean it's, it's basically the same guys. Gonzalez is back, they don't have bar, they basically flipped Gonzalez for Barmore. They lost Bentley this year. But for the most part it's the same guys. Right? The secondaries, it's just a train wreck. And DBOA wise, I think they're the worst team in the league. They never seem like they know what they're doing. And that's where you get to the other side with all the penalties and all the, all the stupid stuff. They just don't seem well coached. I don't see how anyone can watch 'em and be like, oh well they're doing this. Well they're not doing anything. Well It's possible. Mayo would've been helped if he had picked the right defensive a coordinator or picked a different offensive coordinator. Well He's, he obviously the Van Pelt was the 12th pick.


Others turned it down. Yeah. The de the defensive coordinator that he picked was a line coach. Yeah. Who was that guy is not staying the co he's not staying next year. No. But lot, lots of teams have a philosophy you bringing in, actually the Celtics did it this year and a little bit last year as well. Missoula got the opportunity to bring in his own coaches. Now who did they bring in? He brought in veteran coaches. Yeah. He brought in guys like who have been around the league a long time and can help him help him. You know, as he's learning over the two and a half years on the job. The Patriots didn't do any of that.


You know, they, their offensive coordinator certainly has experience, but I've never seen that he is successful where he is been. So they brought in a guy who hasn't been successful from Cleveland and elsewhere. One thing he's good at is admitting that he hasn't done a good job. Yeah. Like, I actually see he seems like a nice guy, but it's like you're the same guy who's running bubble screens on third and 17 and you know, we're going backwards more than we're going forwards on some of these drives. So the question for me is sometimes you can just miss with the coach, and this is, I I tweeted out all the one and out coaches that have happened in the NFL. It happens, it seems like it's about once a year where somebody's like, ah, we just had, we just picked the wrong guy.


Like Nathaniel Hackett on the Broncos. Right. And they were like, ah, this guy's kind of a disaster. We should probably get out of this one. And they fired him during this season. And the, the question for me with Mayo is how attached this craft to the decision, because this was his guy. He, he basically was out and said, I decided five years ago, this is my coach. He really believed in this guy, right. As a person, human being. And by the way, he might be a great guy. I just haven't seen any evidence. He's a real head coach. And the problem is you have Vrabel sitting there, right. Who we know is a good coach and every, that's who everybody New England wants. And it's, you bring this guy because you know, they talk about, oh, could we get T Higgins?


Like I don't think they're gonna get anybody if if to the outside world they look poorly coached and poorly run. Drake May is a great asset, but that's not enough to like lure people to come here. I wonder though, if you're bringing up what's part of, part of the problem, Kraft handpicked Belichick's successor. It makes him look bad if the guy gets fired after one year. Yeah. But couldn't he, couldn't he extricate himself with it by being like, look, I love this guy. I really believe in him. My mistake was giving him a job that maybe he wasn't a hundred percent ready for yet because he didn't have enough experience as a coordinator. Like there's ways you can get out of that. Yeah. I'm not sure at Bob Bob Kraft's age that that's the route he's gonna take.


He could make him vice president of the paper company. Just, just move him over to the, maybe Make him the GM could just move them Up. Well we could have co GMs. Yeah. I mean he wouldn't do a worse job as a GM than Elliot Wolf did. The, I Mean that's, that's the whole other issue. The gm, our draft. Wow. You look at our draft from last April, it's horrendous. Now. They had to take may he It was, he fell on their lap. Yeah. They, they couldn't not take May in the first round. You look at the Picks after that. That's why I'm a little worried. Yeah. You know, even if we finish with the worst team in the league and we get this big package from Yeah.


The Giants or somebody Oakland or Las Vegas. Excuse me. Are you confident that we're gonna make good draft Picks? No. No. But but that's the thing is at least last year compared to this year, now they have this asset. They have a franchise qb. They also hopefully will have the number one pick in the draft. They have Gonzalez, they have all this cap space. Hmm. So if you're looking from, from the outside and you're somebody who actually knows your shit, that's a good job. Now, I don't know if it was a good job a year ago. What was the job? It's like, I hope Drake May's good and that's really about all you're bringing to the table now. It's like, yeah we franchise qb.


Like you can really like build something. I just like, I, we've seen it happen too many times. Like Harbaugh goes into the Chargers, they probably had more assets than we have heading into the off season. But just the, the move from Brandon Stanley to Harbaugh was worth five six wins and now they're in the playoffs And it feels like the Pats, I don't like Do you see their schedule? They're playing the NFC South next year. They're playing all the last place teams. Right. You think like, wouldn't it be that hard to turn this around? I think, you know, that's a good point. For some reason, despite finishing with the, what were the third worst team last year. Yeah. We had a, we had one of the toughest schedules in the league it seemed.


I know now some of that, those teams didn't pan out as well as projected. But it does seem like we have an easier schedule next year. And you're right, teams turn around in the NFL but they typically turn around because the whole administrative structure, coach gm, whatever has been turned around. Well Washington did it, right? Yeah. Dan Quinn, the hired Adam Peters. Yeah. They used, they did all these super smart free agent signings of these kind of second tier dudes. They got Daniels so they got their quarterback. Right. And they, they immediately built a great team around them. Like for what the, a great team for what the ceiling was. Right. They're gonna be a 10 win team. I don't know.


Nobody saw that coming. But I think The Pats even the charge your, your home team. The charges. Yeah. Nobody expected. I mean I expected it. You expected what? The coaching change I, Yeah. 'cause I thought Staley was that bad last year. Yeah. Okay. I just think you could kind of tell when an NFL coach doesn't have it at this point. Yeah. You know, so anyway, we'll see what happens. Nerve wracking week 18 Pats game though would be unbelievable if they lo if they somehow beat the bills for no reason. Well I mean last year we won an inexplicable game that we shouldn't. That Broncos game. Yeah. And it cost us the same kind of draft ticket. Kyle and I watched it together. I know we ended up with Drake who might end up being the best guy out of all these guys though that Worked.


So we're taping this for the Celtics little road trip here. Celtics are 24 and nine. You've been to a bunch of the games. What's, what's not going well with this season? What's missing? Defense. Defensive energy. Defensive effort. It's inconsistent. You know, they, it's like they try to turn it on usually in the fourth quarter. It's helped them at times to win games that it looked like they were gonna lose. And then other times they just haven't been able to come back. The other thing I've noticed and, and this is obvious, we're getting the best effort from every team that comes in here.


Yeah. The Bullseye games. Yeah. I mean we, I think we've lost six home games already. We only lost four last year. Some of them have been close. A couple of them have been crazy games that we weren't even in the game. Yeah. And you know, I, I could say it's been injuries, but a lot of teams have had injuries this year. The Pingus thing, you and I, when they traded for Pingus, we liked to trade with one caveat his injury history. Yeah. He got through almost all of last year into the playoffs. Pretty healthy. And now we're seeing little things happen. And then the other guy Holiday, a terrific edition, great veteran on the team, but missing some games.


And he's a good example of the three point shooting. I think he was 40 something percent last year. He's 34% this year. Yeah. Pushing the same thing. And ha's Down too Ha's down too. I mean the only guy who's really up is Prichard. It's inconsistency and the defensive effort is not always there. And, and I, I don't know if it's lack of effort or they just think they can turn it on when they need to or it's the injuries it or a combination of all of that. And then on top of that, every team that comes in here wants to beat the champions. Yeah.


You can see it when Philly came in Christmas Day, that's the best game Philly played all year. Yeah. That was a game seven for them. Game. I went to the game game. I saw in person that Brooklyn game when they still had all their guys and those guys were going all out And it all out And it was gonna be the highlight of their year if they beat the Celtics in Boston. Yes. And we're seeing a lot of that. You know what's interesting about that though? Because we've seen this go the other way after you win a title where you win the title and then the next year you're even better and more awesome. And you know, you come in and, and yet now you have a chip on your shoulder in a good way. You're like, we're the champs. Right. And here's why. And I, I was leaning toward it being more of that kind of a season.


But instead it's the, oh we have an on off switch button. We're always gonna be able to turn it on if we need it. Which I, I can't say I was really expecting because Tatum and Brown have been healthy this whole season. Usually when you every two best guys, that's gonna push you a certain way. But it hasn't happened. Well they did start off, I think they were 16 and three, the first 19 games. But you've seen the month of December was a disaster. I think they were seven. Seven to six or Yeah. Where they were. And again, a lot of them were home losses where I walked out of there saying, how, how did we lose that game? Or how did that team beat us? 'cause the talent levels weren't equal.


There's, there's one thing though that pretty consistent happening now. It's, it's happened the whole month. Other teams are killing us in the paint. And with Pingus healthy, that wasn't happening. It's happening now because he is not out there on top of the fact that I love Al Horford, but he's lost a step and his shooting. Oh, his Shooting. You just don't think he's playing too much. Well he has to play so many more minutes with Bing out. His three point shooting has been horrendous. Yeah. See my fear with that is they just were putting way more miles on him than they wanted to this season 'cause of the Ingas piece and because Cornet got hurt and you know, it just, and I just wonder if they kind of rode, put too many miles on the car ride for Al.


I think it might have been the case. I mean, he loves playing and the, the crowd loves him. I like him a lot. I just think that with Pingus not out there, they don't have seem to have any confidence in Tillman. So they're playing Kea and they're playing Cornet. Well, Kea gives them the, at least the rim protection. Yeah. Al's down to, he's shooting 42% from the field, 36% from three this year. But he's playing, playing around the same minutes and playing more games than they probably, you know, were hoping he's played 26 of the first 33 games, But he's playing different minutes because last year, harder Minutes Starting, he was coming off the bench. Yeah. And playing against other teams.


Second team, now he, now he's starting and he's not as effective. Obviously the stats show that as well. I will say if, if we go positive, I, I think Tatum's been exceptional. I think Tatum, I think this Brown is good as, yeah. Brown. There's still like, there's a couple shot selection things with him sometimes, but, oh yeah, yeah. But he's always playing hard. I don't really love that little, he added this weird, I don't know if he was working on all summer that weird little turnaround at the foul line that he tries to do all the time now. Right. I think it's gotten in twice. Right. But he play, he, both of those guys are playing hard. But I I Tatum's been just awesome.


I mean he's 28, 10 and six every night. Right. His three point shots back. He plays super hard on both ends. I don't feel like from an effort standpoint, you never see him mail it in. He really gives a shit. No, I, I agree. I think and defensively he is played very well. Yeah. Unfortunately though, there's, there's a piece with being out oftentimes you'll see Tatum trying to guard the center on, and a good example was not the, the most recent game, but previous game when we played Toronto and Portals, the center for Toronto, I think he had 32 points against us.


Right. We couldn't, he hasn't had a game like that in his life. But we have no rim protection with Pingus out. Perlo always kind of kills us though. The other thing that changed Derek White was awesome the first five weeks. I'm looking at it, I'm just looking up his stats quick. Yeah. His, his all his stats were down in December. Right. And he seemed like he was banged up in a couple different ways. So you had holiday who's been off and on, you have white who definitely was not a hundred percent as we left December. So that's why like we're taping this before this little west coast trip they have where every game they have on the trip is hard. And last year I would've said they're gonna rip through this trip.


Right. They're gonna lay the smack down. They'll go four and oh three in one this year. I have no idea what to expect. I don either. You can tell me any scenario and I would believe it. You could tell me they're gonna own four on the trip and I wouldn't be like shocked. Well last year I would've been shocked. Again, the, as you said, these are Western division teams. They're only gonna see them once on the road if I'm Minnesota. Is that who that's who they're playing tonight? Yeah. Well they have, yeah. They, they're playing teams. First of all, Minnesota was always a good matchup against that. Like they always like played really well against the Celtics. Right. Denver Yoic has always been awesome.


So that's the last game. And then in the middle it's Houston and OKC. Right. Houston's a bunch of fucking pit bulls. Like they're terrifying. And then OKC is the best team in the league. It, it's, it's it's quite, it's quite a four game road trip. You also have the Houston piece with the Coaching piece. You may Yeah. Yeah. Going into use Knit playing really well. But Sheung goons a good example of what you were saying earlier where Right. There's gonna have to be stretches where Tatum actually has to guard Sheung goon if they're, you know, I, I think the thing that they really lost this year so far, and I'm not panicking by any means, but just last year with the lineups, they could go small, they could go big, they could basically do whatever they want at each game and they've just, because they haven't had all of the guys together, they're kind of stuck with lineups certain day.


And I think it becomes easier for teams and also teams know that they're gonna shoot 50 threes a game. Yeah. And sometimes those threes aren't going in the same way, but, well We haven't talked about that. They're averaging over 50 threes a game compared to 42 a game last year. Yeah. Some of that's Pritchard 'cause he's playing more. I guess that's a that's a good point. Yeah. But, but yeah, so yeah, it's a work in progress, not panicking. I think the only thing short term is the Knicks might pass them. Yeah. Like the Knicks might win the division, the Knicks, I think were plus two 60 on FanDuel and they're a half game back. Half Game back. But you're Not And I don't think they're gonna catch Cleveland as the one seed. Like that's No, just the fact that they're, I don't think they're gonna have home court in round three or round four this year and last year it really mattered.


It did matter. But I don't think they're gonna catch Cleveland. But again, it's January 2nd. Everybody knows it's, it's what's your health look like in April and May. Yeah. And if they, if they're purposely keep Pingus out because he, he rolled the ankle of the, the leg that he got injured last year, it's, It just seems like he's had the worst luck where it's, it's like he's almost even odds to step on somebody else's foot at all times in every game As a big guy. Maybe it does happen more frequently, but I'm okay if they hold him out until he is a hundred percent. Yeah. If he can ever be a hundred percent again, I guess he can, they're not saying anything about him.


Holiday's a different case. He got, he got a a shoulder impingement on his screen. Yeah. And he's old And he's older and he did say that it's never gonna be hundred percent. I hate heard Oh God. A basketball player say that. How many of I want him to be healthy in April. I I guess and I think the next day gonna pass us our schedule looks terrible. Really hard. Yeah. It feels like a two or a three seat. I don't think they catch Cleveland How many times has with Gross back been to a game this year? Is he still coming at the same frequency or no? Yeah, I'd say so.


Okay. I, I'd, I'd say so because That's another one I I think that was supposed to, I think that was all supposed to be settled right around now. But I think they have so many suitors the process is taking longer and it's probably gonna push to March now. I I had always been told it was gonna happen sooner than that, but I just think there's a lot of people kicking the tires on it. So, I mean, one, one of the articles in the, in the Sunday paper said they hope to have all the bids in and some decisions made by the end of January. Yeah. I don't think that, I don't I think it's gonna be later than that. Before we go, I have to ask, 'cause I always ask this to you at the end of the end of the year or started next year.


So who's the, who's the guy in Boston right now? The guy? Yeah. Who's the guy Who's the most popular Boston athlete right now? It's probably May. It's probably May. So, I mean, I should be saying, I don't think, no, I know everyone loves Tatum, but I don't think people understand how popular May is with the Patriot ski. Yeah. I I should be saying Tatum, but I really think it's May and what, what do You think it is? That's ridiculous. What do you think it is that Game? I know, but what do you think it is that he's resonating with the fans like this other than that it's just so hard to get a franchise quarterback potentially. I think that's part of it.


We, I think after having so many years of Brady, maybe we never thought we'd see a franchise quarterback again that we'd be a team living with Bris for the next 10 years. Yeah. That's probably part of it. And I think the other thing is everybody sees his potential. You know, you watch other quarterbacks who have time because offensive line gives them time and those quarterbacks play very differently and are much more successful. May has no time. Yeah. He's running for his life. Every play you can kind of envision his talent behind a good offensive line having time and hitting receiver after receiver With, with, with decent receivers too.


That's the other thing is, well that's the Other thing. I, and that's what I've been trying to tell people, watching what he's doing with the supporting cast he has with the play calling with the offensive line. It's kind of, I I can't believe he's even upright and there's been so many times when it just seems like three guys we're gonna sack him and he turns the corner or some time and Yeah, it's, I it certainly worked out way better than we ever in a million years could have expected. Right. Well, I mean, TI will say though, Tatum is, I like coming back for a couple games this year. Tatum really is beloved. I mean he's hit that. Yeah. It feels like he's hit that final level of Boston athlete. So it's a good battle. I just think Drake's the new shiny toy.


Tatum was like this as a rookie, right? Yeah. When he came in and we were all like, oh my God, Tatum. Like we could all see it. And the thing reminds me of that Tatum is still my favorite athlete. That's not how you ask the question though. He asked what the buzz in Boston, What's happened in the city. Yeah. Yeah. I think people are so desperate to have a franchise quarterback. Well it's just, there's, there's more football fans too, I think is the other piece. That's probably true too. Although you wouldn't know it by the half empty stadium that the Patriots play in right now. I mean, can you imagine ever going to any of those games? No. How depressing that would be. Yeah. It's what, what I grew up with for the most part, This, this last home game of the year, Sunday, it's 40 mile an hour winds here.


It's about 25 degrees or something. It's, I don't know who's gonna go to that game, particularly if Buffalo doesn't show up. Right. Are you gonna go to root for your home team to win? It's, it's an odd situation, You know, speaking on the most popular athlete thing. I think Jaylen's climb in the ladder too, like Ja Jaylen's 2024 was, was really incredible for what he meant to the city. The stuff he does off the court. The fact that he came through him and his relationship with Tatum together. Like to me that that's about as good of a top three as we've had in a while with the two Celtics in, in May. Yeah, I agree.


Unfortunately, I can't think of a Red Sox that gets into, so you have, you have the two teams to look at right now, Patriots and Celtics. Well The, the Red Sox had this really interesting farm system thing brewing like that. Like this Roman Anthony, I mean we've had this happen before, but it really does seem like their farm systems We have. But Somebody pretty crazy loaded. Somebody reminded me of the other day of when we made the trade for sale when we gave up our two prize prospects and, and look what happened. Neither one of them ever panned out.


So you just don't, You know what prospects, You never know. Yeah. But we can be helpful. We'll see what Drake may, so I'm so we're not gonna see you at in Foxborough on Sunday for Bill's pets. I I think I have to go to church on Sunday. I'm not gonna be able to make the patriarchy. Are you excited to get your granddaughter back soon? I very excited actually. We, we talked with her boyfriend today. He, he called Molly to a wh share of success on her retirement. That was awfully nice. Oh that is really nice. Really nice. What a kid that is. What a great kid. Can't believe he was a heat fan but a great kid Nonetheless. Well, one more thing on the Celtics, you know, I, your daughter and her boyfriend went to the Miami Heat game against the Celtics.


Yeah. The next time we went to the game, the guy Mike, who sits in front of me, who's season ticket holder, he said that awful Miami fan was sitting behind me. That whole game was screaming and yelling everything Miami did. Oh no. Fortunately the Celtics won, but I think Tommy might have gone over the top of the game. Aren't you hoping, aren't you hoping Miami trades Jimmy makes a dumb trade. Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm really hoping this somehow doesn't work out. I hope they're, they're in a very strange spot. I hope I text Tommy before you do when they do that. Alright, dad, happy New Year. Thanks for your Boston report. Good to see you. Good to see you. Happy New Year.


All right. That's it for the podcast. Thanks to my dad. Thanks to Joe House. Thanks to Sean f thanks to Sir Rudy and Kyle Gau as always. Happy New Year. Enjoy the weekend. I will see you on Sunday night with Cousin Sal. Don't forget, we are doing it live on my YouTube channel, the Bill Simmons channel. So right after the game ends we'll be going on. We'll be talking about guessing the playoff odds, all the playoff implications of the games on Sunday. Lions Vikings breakdown everything you want. We're gonna have all but enjoy the weekend. I'll see you set an must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in president dc.


Gambling problem, call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling help line ma.org or call 8 3 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 HOPE ny. Or text HOPE NY in New York.