
Coming up the last edition of Guest Alliance with Cousin. It's how we're gonna talk Super Bowl. We're gonna talk Conference finals. It's all next.


This episode is brought to you by Nissan. When you're younger, you're more spontaneous. You say, screw it. I'm just gonna drive cross country with my buddy. And we'll stop at a bunch of places and take pictures. You get older, you would never do something like that. Keep your spontaneity, my friends. Fuel your inner adventure with the first ever Nissan Rogue Rock Creek. From rocky trails to snowy roads. There are plenty of places to show up this SUV thanks to its Intelligent all wheel drive, its adventure Ready design gives it a rugged flare that stands out Off-Road adventure calls of the first ever Nissan Rogue Rock Creek. Visit Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


This episode is brought to you by Pepcid Complete. We all know that one of the best parts of game day is the food on Sundays Nephew, Kyle comes over. Sometimes we'll get healthy, we'll get some salads. Sometimes we'll get a little ambitious. We'll get some sandwiches. It's always the best part of my food week. Well, until heartburn strikes, then it's not as great. You get heartburn from time to time, Gotta watch out. You don't wanna be rolling around in bed all night. Thankfully, Pepcid Complete starts to work instantly. It lasts all day. Just one great tasting chewable tablet provides dual action heartburn relief with an an acid that starts working instantly and an acid reducer that lasts all day. So you can stay focused on that second sandwich, that second. Second, helping a salad not Harper. Visit pepcid.com to shop now all day, based on eight hour symptom relief Studies during the day. Use product only as directed.


We're also brought to by The Ringer Podcast Network. I do have a new re watchable episode coming for you on Monday night. Can't wait for you to hear it. You can also watch on The Ringer Movies YouTube channel as well. Coming up on this podcast, Cousin Sal is joining me. We did this live on YouTube, but you can follow if you want to on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel, please subscribe. We are gonna be breaking down to two games today and what's Coming up in the Super Bowl. And I have a very action packed parent corner for you. So it's all next. First. Our friends from Pro Jet.


All right, we are on YouTube. Cousin Sal is here taping the BS podcast after another magical NFO playoff game. Sal, I've had the worst weekend And I can't wait to talk to you about it. This game reinvigorated me. It poured a Red Bull and a coffee and a giant line of cocaine into my body. I am ready for this podcast, baby. All right, so, okay, so good. That means you took the Chiefs And I had 'em too. And, but just as an emotional hedge. And then you look back, I'm like, oh my God, I have so much money on this team as an emotional hedge. It's gonna be emotional the other way when I have to explain to the family. We have to move if the bills win. So, wow. What a game. Game. Do whatever. We what game do it every year. Who cares?


Yeah. So there's gonna be a lot of stuff over the next two weeks about Chief Seas. We had this already. The chiefs are back. Come on, here's where I've landed. And I, I feel like I've been here for most of my life, but really, especially as I get older, I really like true greatness. Like I, I, I really appreciate this chiefs team. I bet on them. I really wanted them to cover the bet, obviously. But I also really liked the fact that every once in a while in sports, you have this measuring stick, not just for the sport, but for all the sports, right? Like, I hated the Yankees in the late eighties, you know, or late nineties. I hated that team, but I respected the shit out of 'em. When Arizona beat 'em in 2001, it was like, this is momentous.


Wait. The Pats were able to get that in the mid 2000 tens and Philly beat them with foal and Peterson and was like, this feels momentous. I think you need teams like that when the Warriors lost in 2019. You need teams every once in a while that are truly great. And then you see how everyone measures up and they did it again. I don't know when this stops. Of course you do. Yeah. You don't want parody in everything all the time, everywhere. Like, you know, I think if you ask people, honestly, they would want Washington and Buffalo to have advanced today. Right? So that wasn't gonna happen 'cause everybody wanted it. Right? Right. But other than that, I, I love that the Chiefs are in it. Mahomes is great, and we saw the greatest quarterback of all time and Brady, and now we're possibly seeing his greatest successor in Mahomes.


And that is exactly why I hate when people lead with, oh, the referees screwed them all the like No, I I I don't like the negative stigma because that then football could turn into your crappy sport. Sorry, the NBA and why, where everybody's talking bad about it. Yeah. And like, hey, we're forgetting the fact that we're seeing Mahomes and he is the greatest or, or whatever, or close to the greatest. So stop that talk, you know? Yeah. That Buffalo doesn't get the two point. Yeah. And Casey gets the ball down one fourth quarter and you're just going, Mahomes is, Mahomes is taking this down. Yeah. He's gonna score. He's gonna get the two point and they're gonna be up seven. I was already mentally in the stage of, if Buffalo then gets the ball and scores the td, will they go for one or two?


You like the Chiefs hadn't even done anything yet. Right. You just knew they were gonna go down and do it. I mean, the Mahomes thing, just big picture. This is now five Super Bowl appearances before age 30. He's 20 and three in the playoffs. He's beaten Josh Allen, who I think along with Burrow, but I think Allen over Burrow and probably over Lamar. Allen's number one rival. He's beaten him four times in a row now. In the playoffs. In the playoffs. Yeah. And, and he just feels like, it feels like that Brady versus Mahomes, that first playoff game that the first playoff loss Mahomes had. And Brady beats him. And then it's like he just handed a torch to him and he is like, all right, go ahead, take it.


And now it just feels like the Chiefs became the pets. Yeah. He handed the torch and Mahomes, I think like played a little game with the Bills. Like, look, we don't turn the ball over. We haven't turned the ball over since November. There's been like 280 turnovers in the NFL and none of us. Yeah. None of 'em attributed to the Chiefs. So what do they do? They fumble, right? It's recovered, but they're off sides. The bills. So it doesn't count like two plays later. Like, all right, we're gonna give you one more chance. This is it. And even this isn't gonna matter. And they fumble and that was the only turnover of the game. Right. And still they couldn't get it done because you got the chiefs with the ball last. And that's what's gonna happen. Well, you have on the flip side, Buffalo Alan comes out first drive, he throws two picks.


Yeah. That get dropped. Right? Alan fumbles twice, pulls back. Both of them recovers both of them, including on that fourth and one. I, I did have a moment where I thought to myself, maybe this doesn't happen. 'cause I remember in the Pat's Eagles Super Bowl, which I sadly watched with Nephew, Kyle even did the Bitter end. They all, I don't even remember what the score was, but the Pats did get the ball with like a little over two minutes left and they were on like the 20 and we were all like, we're winning this. And then when Brady got stripped, it was, it was so shocking. It was like, oh my God, somebody beat us. Yeah. That's, there was a moment in this game. It wa it was when Buffalo was driving wondering if they were gonna go for two or not.


And thinking like, oh, what happens if like they go for two, they get it in Casey. Just something weird happens and all of a sudden they're punting and they're down one and Buffalo has a chance to just run out the clock on them. But that's the thing. Casey's avoided this. They say, what'd they say? 17 straight one possession wins. Yeah, that's, it was, and and because of that, when they're driving at the end and they're minus 1 46, I'm crazy about the numbers, as you know. I Yeah, you were texting me every time out. I dunno what the hell to do with the numbers, but I'm wild about them. I just love it. Yes. And it's minus 1 46. I'm like, wow, that's suspiciously low for this team that's going for three peak. Yeah. And never loses one score games. And then they would minus 1 54 when they had the three point lead and the bills were driving or whatever with that last possession there.


So it is, it is just amazing what the hell they've done. And I look at the numbers, I'm like, it doesn't even really add up with Mahomes and the stats and how they keep winning. And you know, I the Right, he didn't have an incredible game. He, he ran for two touchdowns. He only threw for one. Yeah. The stats, the, the team stats were pretty even, you know how the bills out rushed them by just 12 yards. Like, I don't remember Aton of if two, it felt like 200. It felt, and like Cook wasn't in the game on a couple of big plays. I do think McDermott, who, by the way, they found out he's Bill Burr's brother. I didn't even know this. They found, oh, is he? Yeah. Yeah. Isn't that something they talked about? I didn't hear the man. Yeah. Yeah. Got out.


He got bailed out. He did, I think early when they scored on, on fourth down. But he was Outcoached and Spas wasn't gonna let it happen twice in an hour. Yeah. This was a weird game because Lombardi, shout out to Lombardi always used to talk about the middle eight, the last four minutes of the first half, first four minutes, the second half the chiefs have the ball and they're driving down in the last four minutes of the first half, they get that crazy worthy call that we do this all the time. I still don't understand the rules of football And I watch football ever. I, neither guy had possession and the ball touched the ground and it just seems like that's a dead play. Nobody gets it. And they, yeah, they're back at, they should have gone back to the 20 instead of the five, whatever.


Right. So they score and you start going, wow, this could be a blowout. They're up 2110. They stay, they stop the buffalo here. At the end of the half they get the ball. The chiefs at the start of the th and well, they didn't stop 'em, the Bills score, they didn't get That's what I'm, but I'm saying before the bills went down, it felt like the Chiefs were gonna blow the game open. Oh, I got you. Yeah, yeah. Right. Buffalo comes back down and he hits Matt Collins and that touchdown, it's 2116. Now all of a sudden the chiefs get stopped at the top of the, so they actually lost the middle eight. 'cause then Buffalo came down and took the lead. Yeah. And they still And they still won the somehow. Yeah. Yeah. It was weird because yeah, you're right. 'cause the chiefs got the ball in the second half. Is that what you're saying? And then they back.


Yeah. I thought they were gonna get last possession the first half. Right. First possession, second half. You scored both times. You're up 28 10th. Yeah, they didn't, it's a wrap. The bills had the ball and then hook. Yeah. It's, it was interesting. It really was. And I like, let's put everything in perspective with that play that hit the ground and should have been called Incomplete. It was holding on Hamlin. He like mugged. Kelsey like backpacked him, jumped on his back. So it would've been first down at the 20. Maybe the bills don't have enough time to drive, drive back and get the six. I don't know that the chief score either, but, you know, but let's, before everybody points to, oh, the Chiefs got lucky again. No, that turned out to help Buffalo. That's what I thought. Because the challenge had been overturned. I don't, you're right. They probably don't get the ball down in the first half more. Right. And that was the one real mistake that the chiefs made was leaving Hollands open on that one play.


Hollands ended up having two big plays. His over under for catches was basically, I think it was one catch, it was, it was a round even it was like minus one 30, something like that. If, if, if I'm Buffalo And I leave this game, do you leave this game going? How did we not win that game? Or do you leave that game going? We're just like three plays short. Every time we play this team, we have the fourth and one, the QB sneak where Alan actually gets stuffed. Where, who knows if he actually got stuffed or not, but they called it KC Ball. You have the Kincade play where, I don't know, that was the fourth of five SPACs calls the Blitz.


You know, it was coming. Alan makes a great just to jump up and hea it. Yeah. Toward Kincade was great, but they had that wide shot of it. And it seemed like the ball was almost like spinning. Right. It was almost like a, like a, when a baseball, when they hit like the, the pop fly that just is like, has some weird thing to it. And KK dropped it And I'm sure he's gonna take shit tomorrow. But I actually thought that seemed like a pretty tough catch. Did you think that was a drop or a catch? It was rough. It was traffic around him. It was kind of like a moon ball, you know? And he's gotta catch it at his feet. Probably should have grabbed it. But in that situation, like that's, he was running for his life and he's just trying to get good positioning on that ball.


But if I'm the goal, it's, it's the kind of play that a DAC drops over and over again. Yeah. Like the tip play at the line or the flutter and it's, oh, I can't believe he dropped that. And, but Kincaid was on offense. But to answer your original question, the bills are, are looking at this like, not that we're three plays of what? That they should have won the game. Like they, they're done losing to this team. Right. They already beat 'em in the regular season. They're not like us where we could rationalize it and be like, well they just can't beat 'em at Arrowhead. It's a different beast. They, they know deep down they're just as good and they can't take it. This is a demoralizing loss for them. I mean, after a while you, you do maybe believe that you can't, you can't overtake the beast. But yeah. Another, another beast. Yeah.


I don't know. I Well, so, so there's the, what more do we have to do? Factor, right. They won time of po. They won the, they won the turnover battle. They out rushed them. Mahomes had fewer than 20 completions. Right. You know, like, I don't know. They scored 29 and they became the first team to give up over 30 to the Chiefs. We, well, so the chiefs have the ball after the two minute warning, the bills don't get it and the bills need to get a stop. Hmm. Did you think they were gonna get the stop? 'cause I did not. And as, as it turns out, they had two chances to get a stop. 'cause the bills scored. They got the first down on, second down, but the guy stepped out of bounds.


So now they had this fresh set of downs. Right. And each time the chiefs were able to get the eight, nine plays. Conversely, Buffalo had a bunch of chances to make a big play on a fourth and one or a fourth and five, fourth and three. And, and there was a couple they didn't get. So I, I would, I would assume that would probably be Yeah, the short driving them crazy too. They did get that when they were down, what was it, seven when they got the fourth down play in the end zone to Samuel. Yeah, that was, which was a nice play. That was big. That's, I thought, I didn't think they were gonna get that one. McDermott need, oh, sorry. SPACs needed to dial up what he did for the very last Bill's offensive play for that fourth down play. Because it came out of a timeout. It was timeout and then one play on third down and then that play.


So that was bad for the chief's defense. But I'll tell you, you're right with the short yardage And I think we, I think we watched almost three and a half hours of quarterbacks plunging on fourth and one today between the two games. Yeah. The most fourth and ones that felt like ever in the history of the league. I like that. They'll make it sometimes I really do. Yeah. Buffalo maybe, maybe teams will. I I don't like it. Like when we were growing up in the seventies and eighties where, you know, the, it was a fourth and one attempt on offense every six weeks or something. But I, I don't know, just be, be a little more creative on the fourth and ones, but Cook wasn't even in the backfield for a lot of those. So Buffalo missed two, two points. Right.


Two, two points. Then they missed a fourth and short. Yeah. And you would think with Alan they would be the most devastating team in the league with any, any fourth and one. Fourth and short. Yeah. Two point, which was, I don't know, one of, one of the legacies of this game. It was kind of shocking not to see them get certain plays. I felt like the chiefs were, were slightly better. Just 'cause I felt like their defense. I trusted their DA little bit more to maybe get a stop when they really, really, really, really needed it. Yeah. Even that, you mentioned that Spag splits on the last play that fourth and five. Hmm. This goes back to what I was saying earlier about how fun it is to have a team like this. That we have a real history with it. You know, we, we root for these NFL teams and the entire team changes over in two years.


You know? Right. Or you have these teams like, look at what, what's gonna happen to the Cowboys? And they haven't even made the Super Bowl, but two years from now, I can't hear you. I don't even, we we lost a connection. What did you say? Two years from now? Are Dak, cd, lamb and Prescott all gonna be on the team? Probably not. You know, and that's usually how it plays out. I know you're right. You're right. But in this team, same infrastructure, it's Mahomes, it's always some cast are running backs with and wide receivers with Kelsey. They always have a decent line. Chris Jones is always there. Andy Reed always is doing some funky plays that seem like they're gonna work. And then Spags every time they need, it seems to dial up the perfect blitz that that blitz on.


Alan was a great call. I I was waiting for it, the whole game. And it didn't seem like they could find it. Then they found it. That's what they needed before the last score. But you And I, I think thought we were texting. We thought this game was over. Like you said that second. I did. I thought when it was 2110, I thought, I thought they were gonna blow it out. Well 'cause they, I mean they were picking on that Elam guy. Like, you know, like Romo said it, he is like, you know, cover one single safety. It's just gonna be the stop right route all the time with worthy picking on this. Great. Yeah. So by the way, Romo Crush Romo Crush Brady today, like by 35 points. That was the biggest blowout. Yeah. Romo I thought was, that was about as good as he is been in a few years. I thought he was all over the game.


Spelling, spotting stuff, spelling stuff out, telling us what was gonna happen. I, with, with the Buffalo piece, the defense had a couple injuries and it was pretty, I don't wanna say flimsy, but it was a, it was okay. Never like a great defense to begin with. It reminded me a little of what happened in Washington today. Washington probably would've lost anyway, but when it came out over the weekend that they were losing their run stop in defensive tackle. Yeah. And you can kind of pass the point in overturn and it felt like their secondary, I just didn't trust the people they had. That poor Benford got two concussions in a week. It looks like you And I haven't mentioned Christian Benford or the Ron Payne ever at all over 23 weeks.


Yes. No. Ever. Yes, you're right. And those arguably were the two biggest, you know, one, you know neither both for not being able to play and Yeah. Benford actually got out with second concussion, we think. Right. And and it was like the first series. Yeah. Yeah. That was it. But you had these things where you, you've already decided mentally where you're going in a game and it's already, like if you're taking Washington, it's a pretty flimsy case. It's like they're not gonna turn the ball over. Jaden Daniels is gonna go up a level. He's gonna be able to match Philly and Hertz is gonna kind of suck. Like that was the case. The other case was, Philly's gonna run all over them. Washington's not gonna run out turnovers if Philly's gonna blow them out. You could see the two cases. It was like, ah, I like to Washington case more.


So I took that one. And then you find out their run stuffer done when I didn't really like the run defense to begin with. And it's out. It's like a 15 yard difference when he's out and when he's out. Yeah. It's like, ugh, this isn't a great sign. But yeah, I mean, we'll talk about that game later. But Philly was also great. The Buffalo thing. This might've been their best chance. 'cause I, I'll say this, I still think Baltimore might've been the best team from a talent standpoint. And I watched in this scan, I guarantee like Ra the Ravens, the Ravens fan watching this game today. You had to you I was texting Mallory about it and she's like still sick. Yeah, she's, because you watch what was working against the chiefs, the Ravens were better at pounding the ball, running the ball, being physical.


And they had a better defense than the bills. And I'm sure they felt like shit if we'd just gotten in there, we beaten that team. But they didn't, we, I mean we talked about it last week, how important. So stupid. But how important turnovers are. And we'll get to it in the Philly game, which absolutely dominated the discussion. But yeah. If the Ravens don't turn the ball over, it's a different story altogether. And maybe if they get a home game too against Buffalo. But does it seem like football is just now about the turnover battle? Who wins? Yeah. How you did on fourth and one and fourth and two, because there's so many of them now. And the variance of those Yep. Is huge. And did you just avoid having a massive fuck up? Yeah.


And it seems like in a game like this, in Buffalo all season was kind of pulling off games like this. And their luck finally ran out today. And I know the Buffalo fans last week were pissed. 'cause e everyone was dwelling on how Baltimore blew the game. And they're like, well we also win the game. We didn't mess up, we didn't make mistakes. Right. This game, they made some mistakes. Yeah. Well that's why I took the Chiefs. I'm not gonna take a lap because I, I recognize like whoever had the ball lasts pretty much when the last six minutes are gonna decide this game. But when I was thinking about it, I'm like, wait a minute, I'm gonna go against the chiefs who, like I said, haven't turned the ball over. Yeah. Since November. And they're trying to repeat and they're in Arrowhead and have a chip on their shoulder against Buffalo will beat them in the regular season. Like no fricking way. It's a point and a half.


That's stupid. The line was too low. I I think if it was cheaps by three it was a different right thought process. But the one and a half, how can you not? We did, we did this last year. You had the Ravens too last year, right? Yeah. Na ffc title game. And that, that was my never again moment. I was just like, as long as they're, that was three and a half. Yeah. Yeah. As long as the chiefs are the chiefs, it's just not worth it. 'cause they're gonna figure this out year after year. So on the plus side for Alan, before we get to some of the negative stuff that pass he threw to Matt Collins before halftime was fantastic. Popular. Yeah. I don't the list of QBs who can hit that one with the speed and the accuracy that he hit is not, it's basically him and Drake.


Mick Oh him. And I'm sorry. Yeah. I, I I lost consciousness for a second there. That was a joke. You were serious. That was a joke. It was him. Drake May, a couple others, but he hit that one. He also had that big drive to, you know, give them the lead in the third quarter. He had the other comeback drive when it was 29, 22. He brought them down again and they scored. And I was thinking like, 'cause I don't, I don't, I don't blame this loss on Alan in any respect. He's in that zone now that I'm not sure you wanna be in as a great athlete. And I would call it the Tommy Hearn zone. Oh. Where you're awesome.


You're memorable, you're generational talent. And yet you're the other guy in the sports movie over and over again. And how do you, how do you get outta that? How do you snap out of that? Hearns was in all these great sports moments and he lost most of them. Yeah. But he was still great. Like, he is like one of the best boxers I've ever seen in my life. There was, he was a 1 0 1, nobody like him. Six foot 1, 1 47. That's pretty good. Crazy punchy power. He fought everybody. And yet his legacy was like, he lost the Leonard fight. He lost the hagger fight. So how's he different from Lamar then in that respect? Because the, the, the point in the same fingers, right? I think Lamar's a little bit of a different case because he's kind of come up short in these big moments.


Alan's had these moments, like in the, the, so he's Roberto, he's Roberto Duran. Who's Lamar? Drake May. No, that's a to who is Lamar? I feel like Lamar's story hasn't I I we, I wanna, I'll answer that next year. Not quite ready to next year. Shit. Label him. I wanna say one more. I'm gonna write this down. Well, what me? Well, it's tougher. Like what Boxer didn't come through every time it mattered, right? Is it? I don't know. I don't know who that is, but No, I, the point with Josh is like, they've lost games where he was really good in the game. I thought he was really good in the game today.


Yeah. You know, I, if you're a bill spin, you're like man, Josh has to do more. That's not why he lost. Nah. There's a bunch of good points. I thought the play calling was atrocious sometimes I thought the oc, I just don't understand some of those third and short, fourth and short. It felt like anytime they play action, they had guys all over the place. So I would be more mad about that if I were them. Yeah. I think they, the Bills fans, at least early on I could see they're very upset with the coaching staff. You know, because when you can't blame the ki kicker when you can't kill the kicker and they can't, it goes right to the quarterback or coaching staff. And it seems like the coaches are getting, we should real quick shout out to James Cook. I mean that was a spectacular, spectacular play on fourth and two by the way. Good. Good job. Another great play by Josh Allen.


Flipping that to him on the quarterback option with some speed. Yeah. Sometimes the, the toss is too soft. Right. That one kind of whi whipped it to the point that cooked by it at like whatever. But then, but it kind of had to get there then Right. Had to get there. Yeah. And for him to be able to stay horizontally and bridge on his hand and without the elbow falling and extended over the goal line with the other hand was really one of the better plays I've seen all year. We've had a real resurgence with good running backs. Yeah. This position that everybody thought didn't matter. And then you look around, it's like Barkley and Jamir Gibbs and Cook and going down the line, it, it seems like it's more important than it used to be. Yeah. The sat back to the Allen and Tommy Herns thing for a second.


Hmm. The sad shot at the end when the team's running out the clock and they cut to the guy. The losing QB on the on just sitting on the bench with that like deer in the headlights Look, it's a tough one. You don't, you don't want that to be legacy in a weird way from a career move standpoint. I actually think he gains human interest stature. Hmm. Because now he's come so close a few and he just can't get over this. Like next year's cheaps Bills game is even more interesting. This year's game was so interesting. Kyle Brand did a Rocky four Mountain parody with, with him as Sly and Mahomes as Drago. And I don't even know what next year's version of that is.


Right? Oh, maybe it's Clubber Lang then Lamar. No, no Lang want to, You don't want a title now Lamar. Yeah. I don't know what you do with Josh Allen. That sucks with the cutaways. You need more cutaways of his fiance, right? Yeah. I mean that's, I mean he he's losing that battle too. The Taylor Swift. So, but yeah, he, he, he's playing as, as well as he can and just can't, can't beat this team. Well and then there's the Buffalo piece of it too, right? So even fans. Yeah. It's always lingering with a Bills game. Like even it's 29, 28, they had just scored a touchdown. They have all this momentum and there's bass and I'm, and I'm sitting there going, I've watched Bass miss this. Like I, you're watching the PAT intently.


It's like, it's the bills. I've seen bass miss this. I'm not positive this is going through, I'm thinking about KC minus one and a half minus one and he made it. But the baggage of the bills is, is another thing. This is, there's some franchises like the Lions that playoff loss they had two weeks ago or last week? Last week. Yeah, it was last week. Yeah. It feels like January has been 75 days. Yeah. That playoff loss they had. They haven't had a lot of those. 'cause they're never in the playoffs. Meanwhile the bills have had, you know, it feels like a hundred of these, they're racking them up. They gotta get this game at home. I dunno, maybe with Pete car in division, the a FFC West and some of these teams getting better, you know, the chiefs won't go 15 and two or fifteen's one going to the last week.


I think it's a hard ass though, Sal because I know because you have, you look around the A FC and there's just a bunch of teams that feel like they're poised to maybe jump up a level or teams that had bad luck in 24. Like what are the Texans gonna look like next year? You know, even in their own division, what are, could the Jets be better next year if they, if Aaron Glen turns out to be good coach, could the Patriots be next year's Washington? No. Keeping my fingers crossed. Could the Chargers make a jump up? Could the Broncos like you go on down and it's just, I don't, I think the A F C's just gonna be better next year. Yeah. And I guess guess it matter. I can't wait to pick all the over unders correctly with you again. You're gonna, you're gonna do a good job. Did such a good job though last year. Yeah, you did. But the Chiefs as, as I run that my mouth on this whole thing, they went through the whole thing on the road too last year.


So I I I don't even know what matters. Lemme just get there. Well, you know, they lose Rashish rice before the season. You, he is just a non-factor. This guy who seemed like he was gonna be Mahomes number one target, they're able to patch together. Smith Schuster was so bad in the preseason for the Pats. It was like, how are we, I can anyone take this guy from us? And then he's making big plays today, Hopkins, who really didn't do that much today. No. Kelsey, who looked like he was 55, but then Worthy becomes the key guy. This number one pick that they really shrewdly traded up for their drafts the way that they've nailed the drafts. This is the difference between them. And what happened in the second part of the Pat's dynasty with, in the late 2000 tens when they just started missing drafts.


The Chiefs are getting Carl LTIs, they're getting McDuffy, they're getting worthy over and over again. They're nailing guys who are like playing big roles in these playoff games. And that's, that's how the pats that's why it ended. Yeah. Seven, the 7, 16, 17, 18 drafts. They just weren't getting people. And that was it. Yeah. Thank God I, you know, I will say the one thing we, we skipped over it with Kelsey. Like that's another thing that Bills would been like, oh my God, we held that guy to nothing. He had 14 straight games with 75 or more. Right. 14 straight playoff games. He was invisible. Two catches for 19 yards and they embarrassed the most of the game and still couldn't get it done. Ah, it's a lot of, a lot of rough moments there for the bills.


Yeah. They felt, what was their rushing passing? So they did passing, they ran the ball 30 how many times? Two times. How many? Yeah, 32 to 22 I think. Yeah. 30. They ran 32. Oh, 32, 34 attempts. 34 passes, 32 carries. Yeah. And the chiefs were 35, carries 26 passes. Did some really, did people look at this box score like 75 years from now? Or assuming the earth hasn't melted yet. Yeah. And be like, whoa, that game, that seemed pretty close. Right. Travis Kelsey, what? He did? Nothing. Oh, what did the bills went by? Oh, Mahome 18. Well then Brown had that huge brain fart on the, on the play when he was open and didn't realize he was standing out bounds.


Right. Yeah. That's another thing with the chiefs. Hollywood Brown was supposed to be their big Right. You know that this big guy that helped him out and Yeah. He plants his right foot directly out of bounds and on a ball that was, it should have been catchable. Yeah. They keep finding little things around the fringes. Like the kick returner made a couple big plays today. You know, these guys, they, they owe it. They're always able to locate 'em. And it's a really, it's it's own skill because that's the the biggest way you can lose this. Yeah. Pacheco and Kelsey, 43 total yards. Like how much would we pull back on our chief's bed if we had known that was gonna happen? Well don't you think part of it is everybody and their brother had the Kelsey over.


Yeah. That is part. I think that was that and Dallas Gotter were the two Dallas Godard hit his, but those two seemed like they were the, the, they gave everyone free Barkley money and then they're like, no, no, we gotta figure something out. So one other thing with, so we'll be talking about the Chiefs going for the Threepeat And I was going through looking who's three ped in the last 50 years, which is half a century. That's a long time. Jordan's Bulls twice. Yeah. The Jacobi Lakers, the late nineties Yankees. The Canadians for four in a row in the seventies, and then the Islanders four in a row in the eighties. Yeah. And that's really it. Unless you wanna count the comets in the first four years of WNBA, this threepeat thing, especially in the age of parody, the Pats never did it.


I can't believe the Pats never did it. I mean, IIII looked through it too. Obviously they, they haven't. And the Steelers, it was the, it was the Eagles game and the Niners, it was the Nick Foles Doug Peterson game. Yeah. But outta Cowboys Steelers. Patriots, Niners. It's shocking that there was no threepeat. It was shocking that the Bears only one. One. Awesome. We didn't do a threepeat in a game where Brady threw for over 500 yards. Yeah. Like think about that. Right. That was how we didn't get it. But this is fucking hard. And you have these games where it's like they tipped the my our pass to the wide open guy on a fourth down. We missed the two point where the guy was, his foot was out of bounds. We missed the field goal at the end of the first half. And we needed those. There's so many things to get that right for three years in a row feels in a league with a salary cap feels impossible.


Do you rule? And Mahomes is great, but it's not like Mahomes was like, you know, throw everyone on my back. I'm gonna carry us all through the season. I don't, I don't even think he was one of the three best QBs this year. How that he Mahomes. There were 15 and two, there were 15 and one heading into the, the week that they sat everyone. And he wasn't even a top three or four consideration for MVP. No. Like that's, that's insane that that 'cause his stats weren't Patrick Mahomes esque is is the problem. But as a like a Patriot fan and one of the few teams that have had two Peets, how much are you rooting for? It's not like 72 dolphins are are thrilled and do the champagne toast when, when the team loses. But are you rooting hard because I've talked to some people who have been part of like a two beat and are rooting hard against anyone having a three-peat.


Yeah, it's an interesting one. Like my dad really doesn't like when the Chiefs do well. 'cause he wants the pats to be better historically than the Chiefs. My thing is like whatever the Pats did, that's what they did. The chiefs belong to this different generation. And I, you know, I it like, if the Chiefs went through in a row, it doesn't diminish what the Pats did, but I think other Pats fans are like, really need the Chiefs to lose, need the bills to come through. I It depends on your perspective on it. Yeah. I personally was more, I'm probably leaning more toward, it would be cool if the bills never won and we were like the last good AFCs team, but I'm more spiteful. Oh wow. Yeah. That's pretty specific.


Yeah. But if the bills never get one and then now we now with Vrabel and Drake may and 130 million in Cap space and whoever we get number four and Subru and all of a sudden we can like try to take the AFCs from him. I'm in that mindset. But you're, you're trading that for Mahomes could eventually pass Brady as the greatest ever in every conversation. You're, you're willing to put that up for debate. He so much is left for him to do that. Brady won seven Brady Beat Mahomes twice. Brady had the Atlanta game, which is the greatest feat probably any quarterback's pulled off in a game. Yeah. I it's, there's a long way to go in If he four in a row, if he four Petes. Yeah. Which, you know, he's a game in a season away from doing then, then the conversation becomes real.


I dunno. Real. I'm with you.


The Bill Simmons Podcast brought to you by FanDuel. Every pass, every play, every prop. Its Super Bowl 59. All of it is happening on FanDuel. You can bet on America's number one game with America's number one sports book any single way you want. Spreads live bets over under his player props, special props so much more. We will be doing our special Super Bowl prop episode with Cousin Sal on the Sunday before the Super Bowl. So get ready for that. You can make the Super Bowl even sweeter. New customers can score 200 bucks when you make your first bet. Just place a $5 bet and if you win, you'll get 200 bonus bets. Download the app or head to FanDuel dot com slash bs and bet with FanDuel official partner Super Bowl 59 must be 21 plus in President Select states or 18 plus in President DC First online Real Money wage are only $5. First deposit required bonus issued as non droppable bonus be would expire seven days after receipt restrictions by seat terms@sportsbookdofund.com game problem Call win in hundred gambler or visit rg help com.


This episode is brought to you by Rocket Money. You sign up for something, forget about after the trial period ends, then you charged month after month after month. The subscriptions are there but you're not using them. In fact, I just learned that 85% of people have at least one paid subscription going unused each month. Thanks to Rocket Money. You can see all your subscriptions in one place. Cancel the ones you're not using anymore. Now you're saving money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions. You have so many of these monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. See all of your subscriptions in one place. Know exactly where your money is going. For ones you don't want anymore. Rocket Money can help you cancel them. Rocket Money. Over 5 million users, they've saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year when using all the apps premium features. Cancel your unwanted subscriptions, reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket Money dot com slash bill today. That's Rocket Money dot com slash bill


Eagles Washington. Seems like so long ago I wrote down Daniels kept trying to throw on a Superman cape and his teammates kept pulling it off. That's my, that's my half of my take of the game. The other take is the Eagles are really talented and just had more talent all over the place and actually played really well. I thought Hertz was good. They used AJ Brown correctly. Barkley was incredible. Their defense made a couple, you know, we couple with those yet another punch fumble play a couple stops when they needed it. There's a different version of this game without a couple of the turnovers that I think would've been really fun to watch. Yeah. If it was the Washington with, with in a score with 10 minutes left with the ball, but instead it became a an absolute blowout.


I I don't feel terrible about picking Washington. Sure. But you knew in the first quarter it was a bad pick. Well, except for that first drive, they did everything you could ask for 'em. Right. So I wrote for Washington, my big thing was Philly's gonna run the ball when Deron Payne went out. I'm like, this is gonna be a disaster. And especially because Washington is one time of possession. The last two times I think it was 34 26 against Yeah. Last week against the Lions and 36 24 against Tampa. Maybe I mixed those two up, but I'm like, they're not gonna win that. They're not gonna win time of possession. It was dead. Even I was a little bit wrong about that because it was dead even time of possession. But that first drive, you must have been excited when he is converting fourth and twos and fourth and threes.


It was place then we settled for a field goal that sucked. But I also don't know why they went for a field goal. Like they, they were surviving fourth and threes all the way down the field and they have a shady kicker. So yeah, it was like Dan Quinn ran outta plays. I was really surprised they went for it. I know the book probably said it was a wash. Yeah. Take the points, all that stuff. But I, the longer they're on the field, the longer the Eagle's offense isn't on the field. Right. I would've gone for it. And then Barley crushes their spirit and three plays later. So Barley gets it. Dami Brown is the punch fumble eagle score again. Washington's about to punt. I I thought it was the most obvious, I swear I'm not just saying this, I was watching the line 'cause I was like, this is the most, most obvious fake punt situation I've ever seen.


'cause they know if they're pun it back the, and I'm watching And I, And I was watching the whole play develop and I'm like, oh, they're doing it. Like, as it was happening was, and the Eagles were completely blindsided, which I didn't really understand, but then they end up settling for I thought they were the only one guy to cover two guys. Yeah. But so Oh man, it was such a good throw. I think the, the was part, it's like, because it was like two tight ends like going out and he had to judge the way the middle linebacker and he just shifted towards the guy on the right and then he completed and it was a good throw and everything else. But yeah, they, they should have been a little more prepared, but kudos to, so, and they only got three out of that. Right. That made it 14 six, right? Yeah. Yeah. I wrote down it was 14 six Washington to run 30 plays.


Affiliated won seven and Washington was losing by eight. Yeah. But, and then Elliot missed the field goal. Right. McCluen scores it's 1412 and Washington goes for two, which I didn't understand at all, even though like, I don't understand how you're not going for the fourth and three. Yeah, right. But then you're going for the two. It's second quarter. Who cares if it's 14, 13? So they don't get that. And then you start doing the math 1412. Oh this is gonna be a two score game soon. And then Philly made a couple big plays. Like AJ Brown had that big fourth and five catch. I thought Hertz was good. Like if, if Hertz had shown what he showed today in previous games, I probably would've taken Philly.


But I didn't, we hadn't seen it for sure. I mean you, we saw how successful he is with this team in the playoffs when he throws for 130 and 140 and 150. And this one, this is the anomaly or I don't know the outlier game. 'cause what did he throw for this? He threw for, he was over 200, 2 46. Yeah. And three touchdowns and a couple big runs too. Running for three touchdowns. So Yeah, I I I was like with that, with that field goal Miss I was like this, you're playing right into Washington's hands. Like I feel like with this team on third and sixth, they should run every time on third and sixth or third and five. They're gonna go for it on fourth and one or two and make it instead third and sixth. The one thing he can't do is get sacked. And he did. And then, yeah, what's his name?


Mrs. The field goal. And that was, and that was, I was like, all right, they're back in it. But yeah, it was just too much. Too much firepower. Eventually 20 and 12 under two minutes left and the guy fumbles the kickoff and gives Philly the ball back. Yeah. Now it's 27, 12, it's 2012 minute 44. I feel like that could have gone down and gotten a field goal. And it's 2015 halftime. Right. They take it instead. It's 27 15 halftime and then Philly gets the ball and they stop him top of the third quarter. But then so Mr. KC Yeah. Just kind of flamed out. They got the three and out and then Philly got the touchdown. That was that. And then right when it seemed like Philly might or Washington might be able to drive down and get the, the super fun cover equa fumbled.


Right. And that was that. I thought Daniels was a winner in the game. Regardless I thought he, he was really, really good. And a couple of it, the fact that they put that team together with duct tape kind of got exposed in three. Oh yeah. Great. Great season for them though. It's such a tough spot. Right. A rookie had just can't just, especially in Philly to go to D Detroit and Philly and do that and be down down, well the trends of linemen. Yeah. Four straight, four straight road games. Yeah. They lose their best guard and they lose their run stuff or going into Philly. And yet I kind of needed to see it from Philly. I wasn't positive they had it. Right. Like just in general. Like I, you know, were they gonna do weird shit?


Well her was good, but then you hear about him showing up in the knee brace And I started getting PTSD from the Tyson Paul fight. I'm like, oh, Tyson showed up with a knee brace And I lost a lot of money. I don't know, maybe this isn't a good idea. Well then they had this weird center situation where one guy's got the knee brace and the other guy has a bad back and Right. And Brady kept talking about it. 'cause I think he, you know, he's, he knows how important the center is. 'cause you put qb that never really mattered. Yeah. Especially with the tush push and everything. I hate that we have to say tush push. My God. So do we need to ban this play? Like is it, or or is it just not gonna be until somebody breaks their back and a tush push and then they're like, we have to stop this.


Somebody was seriously hurt, so I wanna know what year they brought it back. 'cause it was banned, right. You couldn't pull a guy. You still can't pull a guy right forward. Yeah. Even though they don't call it a lot. And you, there was a time when you couldn't push it so you, you couldn't push. So I, I don't know. It doesn't jive with the current rules about like, all right, we don't want guys hitting each other's heads in the wedge and we want safety that we care about physical safety. Yeah. Also, it doesn't look like a football play and it's boring. And, and then they have a little problem on their hand with what Washington was doing. I think the whole world that wasn't rooting for Phil. It was like, good. Keep hitting them, keep hitting them, keep getting the personal foul. And then the ref admonished them is like, we're gonna, we're gonna spank you.


There's gonna be a spanking that goes on here if you do it again, we're gonna give them a touchdown. So, so you give them the touchdown so we don't have to give them a touchdown. It's so weird. So would you get rid of it? Because like Buffalo tried a couple times and it didn't work. I'm the wrong guy to ask. I hate it. The, I don't like it either. The team I hate most uses it most effectively and, but I don't, I don't like it. So Eagle big. Someone's gonna have to get hurt though. I think. I think that's the problem with this, right? Eagle's big picture. Do you feel better about them than you did a week ago? Or do you feel like Washington outkicked its, its coverage and gave a valiant underdog effort.


But this is what happens. This is the March Madness team that made the Final four and now they're playing U-U-N-L-V in 1990 and it's Larry Johnson and Stacy Auman. Right. And you're going Uhoh. All right. This is running out now. I like that you're such a college basketball fan. I I think it's a, that's the last time I cared. It's a, it's a little of both. Definitely Washington, the, the Cinderella thing, it came to an end, but I do feel pretty good about Philadelphia in the trenches there. So, and they could, you know, I'm not saying I'm taking Philly, but they could present problems like Tampa Bay did to Kansas City in that Super Bowl where Mahomes is just running for his life. And there'll be one highlight where he is horizontal to the ground, completing a pass.


But otherwise it's a long night. So they were, they were excellent. I mean, what'd they have 2 29 on the ground? They averaged like 6.4 a carry. Well, Saquon, who's, if they win the Super Bowl, I think will go down as the most popular Philly athlete just moving into that, basically taking the Bryce Harper spot, but in the pantheon of like guys that the Philly fans love. Right. He was 15 for one 18 and three tds today. The touchdown was spectacular. The first one last week he was 26 for 2 0 5. So in the two games he's 41 for 3 23 with five touchdowns. And it's like, you remember in the late nineties when Terrell Davis was just ripping off like these crazy postseasons Yeah.


Like with the stats. You go back and you look you're holy shit. That's the one. Yep. My guy. That's why I made the Hall of Fame for those two years. And this feels like a very Terrell Davis Yeah. Should start saluting. And I, it's a question you had posed earlier, did he do a good deed for all running backs or just for himself and Derrick Henry? I mean it's, it's, it's gonna a tough decision for GMs the rest of the way. But he did make a difference. I mean the, the Eagles are much better because they got Barkley and he only had, like you said, 15 carries, like that's bizarre. They could add another a hundred yards if he had another 10 nuts. His rookie season. I think I said to you on this podcast that I thought he was the best running back I've ever seen. And we fought about it and then it became a cliff that got what?


No, we just argued about it. I was like, this is the best running back I've ever seen. I'll, I'll send out the, it's somewhere on Twitter. And we cut a social clip about it. And then when he hurt his knee and then he was in the Giants and it became one of those like, oh my God, that was one of my worst takes. But now I think, I think I'm back. I'm back in it with the take like what running backs that you've seen in your life? I guess the one thing with him, the pass catching. Like he even dropped the one today. The pass Catchings a little iffy with him. I still have, Peyton is the best running back I've ever seen that. Only Barry Sanders, Peyton. And for a small stretch, the Terrell Davis, like you brought up. I, I don't, I don't really, yeah, Terrell Davis is in there.


I still think for one game, Emmett is, has to be discussed seriously. If it's like Yeah, that's giant. It's 22 degrees outside. Yep. And I need a running back Who will rush the ball 35 times today? Who's your pick? I'd probably take Emmett, so I guess it would depend. Terrell is still the most dominant running back on a good team I've seen. Yeah. Just felt like it was six yards every time Peyton was the best all around. Just special running back. But Barclays, wait, it's, it's, it's a little video game ish with him. This is a crazy year. Like this is, you know, I know they're not gonna give him MVP, but 2000 plus. Yeah. Is he gonna get 2000 in the playoffs also?


I don't know. Numbers could get numbers to 2,500 for the regular season playoffs combined. Oh yeah. Oh, I think so. Yeah. That's in there, right? Monster? Well, no would be, he, he needs like 150 and what's interesting is he gets screwed because of the, the one yard plunge by Jalen Hertz. Right. He had three of those. Otherwise, like barley probably have like 30 touchdowns. Oh shit. I forgot that they played, what did he have in the Green Bay game? Oh, 25 for one 19. Yeah. So he's, so he's been over a hundred in the three games. So Yeah, we will. And even two, two or three before that, the last regular season games, he was spectacular. So he'll get over 2,500 combined. Yeah. So who's your number one running back ever? Is it td? Well, I don't know.


I mean, just from what I've seen, I, I think we missed a lot of Walter Peyton greatness. Right. But I'll, I'll trust it. And if we wanna keep going back to Jim Brown, I mean, he wasn't on, I, I promise you he wasn't on, on the East Coast more than twice a year for Yeah. His entire prime. But you always knew he, the quips are amazing. Sure. The NFL film stuff was amazing. And then the way everyone talked about how he's the best blocking runner back ever. He's the best pass cut. Okay. Like he checked all these boxes that he threw touchdown stuff. Nobody in that era was like that. Yeah. Tomson hit some of that stuff too, but I was, yeah, the Peyton stuff is the most fun NFL films to me, other than Barry Sanders for sure. I, I, but like short yardage is so important now.


I would say Davis and Barkley over like a Barry Sanders, but Barry Sanders was spectacular in his own right too. So, well, my, my Barry Sanders take, I've done this before, but my Barry Sanders take is probably more in your wheelhouse. Yeah. I, I'm like in the, probably the minority, but I would rather have him at Smith, the Barry Sanders. Yeah. I'd rather have the 4, 5, 6 yards of pop than the guy who every once in a while can run for 70. But what, but was always looking to break the big play. I've, I've had a million arguments Oh I would use, used to get him fist fights over this when I loved them at more than Barry Sanders. And I don't think anyone has as many negative carries for negative yards as Barry Sanders. But yeah, there was something, I mean, you just go by SportsCenter highlights were so important back then, you know.


So we have Jalen Hertz in the second Super Bowl, which is twice as many appearances as Matt Stafford, drew Brees, Dan Moreno. Hmm. Aaron Rogers. Wow. We have Nick Ani in the Super Bowl. Hmm. Where it looked like he was gonna get fired in September and early October. And since then, I think they've lost once against Andy Reed, who is now 28 and 16 in the playoffs in his sixth Super Bowl. It's starting to really legitimately breathed down Belichick's neck and his, his breath smells like barbecue.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn in basketball, a blockbuster trade can make or break your playoff run before the deadline. GMs across the league scour for the right data and insights. Hope their moves pay off February 6th trade deadline this year, by the way, just like in basketball, growing your small business in 2025 all comes down to how well you can build your team. That starts with better insights from LinkedIn with unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn has the strongest hiring data and insights to help you identify the right professionals so you can make the best hiring decisions. LinkedIn pairs you with the high quality candidates you need to make your business grow and flourish. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities Who isn't? That's a big pool of people you don't wanna miss out on. And who knows, one of them could be your next All Star player. So hire smarter in the new year. Find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. Once again, LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by Whole Foods Market. If you're thinking about wellness right now, I've got some top picks for your 2025 plan. Keep your eye out for the yellow low price signs at Whole Foods Market. You can pick up responsibly farmed Atlantic salmon or no antibiotics ever favorites like boneless, skinless chicken breasts or ground beef for less than you think They even have their own in-house brand. 365 by Whole Foods Market with good stuff like almond milk, organic frozen fruit blends, and a whole rainbow of organic produce. Shop Whole Foods Market in store, online and on Amazon for free pickup and convenient delivery terms. Apply save on your wellness routine with great everyday prices at Whole Foods Market.


Let's do Guest Alliance because Guest Alliance is brought to you by Hookah and Bond Die. Nine. Their new daily trainer trainer, Bondi nine. Hmm. What was your favorite Bondi? I like seven, six. I thought it jumped the shark around after that. Now it's back. Bondi nine is the, the best one they've had. Guess the lines. You already won, you won your first title. Yeah, I, I gotta say my team has noticed a lot a a lot of talk with this win and now we're, we're rededicated for next season. Oh, I made a nice little breakout clip of it and yeah, I don't know what the NFL could do about this. I 10 years in a row And I, I just sheepishly accepted my trophy and just kept my head down. That was your fault. Thank my fans. Shouldn't have done that. You won once and you're talking a lot of shit. So next year it's on baby. This is a big freaking deal And I don't know that, like I said, the NFL has a problem because now this is a waste of a week. I don't know what they could do scheduling wise to make this interesting with me having won the title, but, well, you know what's really annoying? The NBAI agree. Has their trade deadline the Thursday of Super Bowl week. Oh really? When it should either be this week or next week. Like just for content. The NBA just shoots themselves of the foot over and over again. I've never seen anything like it. Right. Like why would you have your trade deadline during Super Bowl week? It's so fucking stupid. Are they announcing it in the park parking lot of media day? Like how, how close are they getting? How much attention do they need? I I don't understand it. Like, by Thursday everyone is either at the Super Bowl or talking about the Super Bowl. I, I just don't get it. I don't understand Jimmy, but understand the Dodgers shit like this, that it doesn't matter. You think Jimmy Butler's gonna The Dodgers? Yeah, they get everybody Guest Alliance Chiefs Eagles. And I'm going to say it's in New Orleans. I'm gonna say Chiefs by two and a half. Okay. I said I've not seen it yet. Swear. I've said it has to be one and a half because every line has been one and a half this year. And I'm gonna say chiefs are favorite. So now let's look. I pulled out my starters by the way, Joe Milton made that guess. Yeah. Well you should have, it is one and a half. Of course. It's the biggest practical joke in in sports gambling. Chief's favorite by one. Why did the start, why did the football scores get so weird? How did we never had 29 versus 2029. 29 in the fourth quarter. Never happened. Right? Our entire childhood. Like, everything's weird. The lines are weird. Everything's weird. And not only that, I was like, oh, 29. 29. All right. The one and a half isn't gonna come into play. And then like we, you, me and Hench, we listed like 10 ways the one and a half can come into play. Oh, the bills can miss the extra point. Oh, the, the, the chiefs could go for two. Admit like, oh yeah, I forgot. It's the NFL one and a half. That's it for guess the line. That's not it. For the Bondi nine, which delivers peak plushness for everyday miles overhauled from top to bottom, they've increased the stack height and added a new premium foam midsole to deliver that soft resilient ride that's become synonymous with the Bondi. Everybody. Bondi visit hookah.com HO k.com to learn more about the Bondi nine.


Wow, they got everything up already. What's everything up? Tell me. Let's talk about it. Well, Barkley over under our ya Oh, let's, let's do a quick tour. You want to guess that? Yeah. For our fans On YouTube? Yeah. On the YouTubes Barkley over under can I guess some of do it? Yeah. Barkley over under, I'm gonna say 85 and a half. No. What one it 1 4 1 14 and a half. What? He's crazy. You just read his stats. I can't give that to Fremont like that. He's playing the chiefs. The ch I mean Cook could almost had that right. What did James Cook have today? I don't even know. It was 70, 70, 80, somewhere in there.


What else do you wanna see? James Cook had 85 yards. Yeah. Why was that a bad guess? 4s a lot for the super ball. That means you're probably winning if you rush for one 14. I bet they can't give him 15. They can't give him the ball 15 times. But plus the chiefs can kind of try to jam the line and make him sort Smith. Dare I dare. I'm I dare You bet. I'm betting the under. Okay. Do they have Mahomes? They do rushing attempts yet. 'cause that's my favorite bet. Oh okay. You gotta be careful. Hit 11 rushes today that, that bet hits every single time. And Mahomes of the playoffs. Rushing attempts is the safest prop in sports.


I'm not seeing a rush attempts yet. Oh wait. Oh wait. Yeah I do see it. Okay. What do you think? I think they jack it up to like five and a half 'cause it keeps hitting. Oh they jacked it even further. Six and a half. I still like it. The over's a plus. But we'd like this bet more than rehome Mahomes brushing yards. Right? 'cause of the nail down factor. He takes gigantic. We the nail down factor kills the rushing earth thing. They gotta figure that out. But you get three free potentially. We didn't talk about that that moment today when the official was slapping the, slapping the Washington with the newspaper. 'cause they kept jumping off sides and he is like, if this happens, yeah. One more time. I did. So yeah, we're awarding a score to Philadelphia.


So what, what would've happened from a gambling standpoint? Who gets the score? Oh right, right, right. We were trying to figure that out, out. Just team. Is there a way we could have bet on this? Somebody like could we bet on this at the Super Bowl Philly? No, no. Player on Philly scores a touchdown. Yeah. The scolding score. Does the scold center scolding score? Score the center. Get it? I'm not sure that's, that's good because it's like an own goal kind of. Right? I Have you ever seen a ref say that? Never before. I didn't even know that was not even close. I think they made that up. Yeah. It's not a lot of brotherly love being sent that way. One other play was that the measurement and again the chiefs won 'cause they're better and everything else. The measurement on that fourth down where the, the line judges, the two refs.


Yeah. Could be disagree. Wildly different. And they just don't measure anymore. They don't take those chains. They're embarrassed of the chains. Like why don't they measure? So like they guessed and then that guess has to be conclusively overruled to change, like measure it put, put it down first of all that there's, that there's not a chip in the ball. I think the ball wasn't hitting the hash mark and the the the chain was actually on the hash mark. Exactly the hash mark. So they knew it just missed it. Interesting. All right. This is a $500 billion league. Put a fricking chip in the ball. Like it's one thing if the guy's knee is down, but if we're really just measuring to see where the ball the furthest the ball got, I think we could do that. Wow. You're a put a chip in the ball guy. Well what, what are we doing?


The chains, do you get along with the make the goalpost hires guys? Do you guys have meetings together or you're like rival gangs? There's a big meeting. It's also an AA meeting. So yeah, it's hell. But bringing chains out there, like these guys are surveyors in the 1650s. So stupid. So what do we have for the over under? Oh, can I guess that one? Oh yeah. Well sure. That's easy. That's right there. I mean not easy. 49 and a half now I lost it. 49 and a half is exactly right. You know what? I'll give you one. Oh I this week. I'll give you that win for that. I got one. Yeah. So the two games today went crazy over. Oh yeah. I mean by over by 15, 20 points usually there was a lot of dialogue about well Eagles Washington, each team only gets seven possessions.


There'll be these slow games. It was like, nope, that's wrong. And then Casey Buffalo just, they kept moving the ball up and down the field field. And last week, was it the over 4.0 no. Chiefs Texans went under, but we had Eagles. Rams had 50 bills. Ravens at 52 and the Lions commanders had 76. So yeah, you had like five outta last six go over in cold weather. Most of those games. So for Super Bowl rematch, there's not a lot of those either. Pat's Giants was probably the most famous one of this century, but we've had some other ones. When we were growing up, Steelers cowboys was like an exciting rematch. I think I get the feeling people now don't like rematches as much. Right. Like the Casey Philly.


Ah, we've already done this. I wrote it in the Jalen Hurts thing. People like to complain. Yeah. Or the Mahomes thing. Yeah. Would like Buffalo or Washington being in there would've been content fodder. Right. But I think this is a really good game. It's great. And first of all, Fox is delighted. The NF L's delighted, right? Because you got Hertz. Yeah, you got Barkley, you got Mahomes, you got Taylor. Everything. If the Grizzler shows up again, I don't know, but I think the casual fan probably is bummed about this matchup a little bit. No question. Like I think like maybe Cowboys chiefs would bum them out a little more. But other than that, I think this is right up there. My son who follows football on TikTok and through YouTube shorts, he watched the most of the second half with me.


And at one point he turned to me and said, dad, isn't every football season the same? Oh no. Like the bills come super close and then they lose The Chiefs make the Super Bowl, they play somebody from the other team. It seems good. Then the Chiefs win. And I was like, Nope, you're wrong. I'm gonna lie to you right now. No, the answer is no. That's not true at all, son. Every season's way different. Boy, there's no chip chip in the ball. Of course it's the same. Yeah. No Jaden Daniels, you never know son. Right. Jaden Daniels last week in Detroit. He shocked the world son. Yeah. McDermott's not gonna blow this game. Well you could just tell him that every year he could rely on a great a FC title match.


Right. Like seven of the last nine have been seven points or few side by seven points or fewer. My son, I always impressed my son by predicting what plays are gonna happen. I've been playing a lot of Madden lately. I'm like, oh, empty back. I think he's gonna, and half the time that's how predictable some of these plays are though. Right. I think it's actually a bad sign if I'm on my couch And I could figure out where the ball's going. Yeah. Half the time. Like the, the, especially on those like swing screen passes, you can kind of see, do you do that when you're watching the games? Do you try to predict what they're gonna do? Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Everyone wants to be like Romo in that regard. I I just can't, when when I get Romo doesn't do it anymore, I Yeah. I think he's, you know, I don't know.


'cause people are assholes and they're like, we don't wanna hear what's about to happen. So stop circling the screen. I think, I don't think he was told to stop, but I think he's just like, forget it. The one I got wrong, I would've bet my life on it was before the Samuel touchdown one Buffalo tied it. Yeah. It was like third in goal from the five. I would've bet my life that Alan was gonna do the QB draw on that play gonna take off. Yeah. Yeah. I just think it's, it's been so obvious they've been, they've been relying on it to the point that I think they even, they realized they probably can't do it. I can I ask you when the shotgun from the one started? Well listen, you know, that's my, you know, my least favorite plays are fourth and goal or fourth and fourth and short, fourth and one. The qb not over the center.


To me you're like just throwing away an advantage. Who started it? Did it start in college? Was it like Vince Young or like Tebow? Like, it wasn't that long ago. I mean, it wasn't, you know, it wasn't like in the seventies or eighties. I really feel like it's just, it's the cousin of, it's a tie, NBA game with under 10 seconds left and they do the iso where then the guy does a step back three to win the game. But it was a tie game. It's like we just need a basket. Doesn't need it. Right. You don't need to do your step back 27 footer. Yeah. Same thing for the shotgun Snap. I don't understand it. I don't under, I also don't understand why Mahomes doesn't sneak, which we always talk about. Right. Because he got hurt that one time like five years ago. Like they can't sneak him anymore.


And it was kind of flip like they can't, he can't just like lean down and burrow in and go for half a yard. Yeah. Although I'll say that fourth and two where they rushed up to the line after a timeout and he rolled. Right. It's like, wow, this guy's got it man. This is why it's so fricking hard to beat them. It's really impressive. We have two weeks to talk about the Super Bowl. Yeah. On your podcast. On my podcast, people are gonna be in New Orleans. Whole bunch of things. You have a new Cowboys coach? Oh, we could skip, we can go right to parent corner. Right? We don't have to talk about this. You hired Marty Schottenheimer's son Brian. They are related.


I I had a feeling. Yeah. I wouldn't say Brian was a red hot coaching candidate, which might be a good thing or a bad thing. He's the kind of guy I would've expected. Oh, the Patriots have hired Brian Schottenheimer as the cubi coach for Drake. May be like good hire veteran. He's your head coach. Yeah. I don't understand it. Why didn't you hire Cliff Kingsbury? At least he's like from Texas and he is young and you could make excuses for the first job. It's like maybe he didn't get along with Kyle Murray. Like, I, I don't understand Brian Heimer at all. I don't, I don't understand it either. And nothing against the guy. I'll, I'll give him a chance. I hope he does well. But I really think Jerry Jones is fucking with us. I mean, the way he's even introduced him, he is like, ah, he was known as a career assistant.


Like yes. Yeah. Great Jerry. That's what we're all career assistant. That's what he said. That's how he, when I, he is not just Brian anymore. He is the head coach. I'm like, you just don't care about us. You don't care about this team. This is just a joke. I, I I kind of wanna an enter the fan trans, you know, the portal. I really wanna get the into the portal and pick a different, like, look fine. What Joe House did. Fine. No, look at the Washington fans this year. You gotta keep, you gotta stay with your, stay with the marriage. But Joe House, stay with your bad on Happy marriage. Hate watch the, the Washington team until they switched to ownership and now he gets a seat in their luxury box courtesy of Washington. I'm like, all right, I'll do that. Like, why can't I just watch from afar?


This is disgusting. Brian Schottenheimer, like you said, wasn't on anybody's list. It's like in fantasy, if you're doing like a snake draft and someone drafts like in the seventh round drafts like, like Ray, Ray McLeod and you're like, all right, well wait, hold on. I'm still looking down my list to cross the line. Right. You making the joke? I time I gotta get to page 12. Gotta keep going. Gotta keep going. Like there's something to be said about at least going through the motions and interviewing a Kellen Moore or Is Jones broke Flore, what's like, is it possible he doesn't have as much money anymore? Because that's why he doesn't wanna buy anyone. He paid Mike McCarthy to the last minute of the contract. Yeah. And then just let it expire. And then he's obviously trying to save money with this coaching hire.


Really weird. He's a actor. Are better people. There're better versions of this guy out there. Maybe the landman thing. He, I think he said that he's like, I'm has the bump. I'm, I'm an actor. I can fall back on that if the team's bad and the team will be bad. So that's just nonsense. Well it was an interesting one because the Jets interviewed I think 230 possibilities Right. For their head coach. And I don't even think he cracked that list and they were interviewing people that you didn't even know were still Yeah. You know, professionally working. Yeah. He's our guy. He's been in the building three years and they still have to interview him. The fact, the funny part is that they inter actually interviewed him. Like, yeah, I think You know what you're getting with him. It's fine. But I'm, I'm so involved.


Does the interview start like, Brian, what went wrong with your career? Why are you still here, Brian, why did it peak five years ago? Conversely, I'm on a absolute high with the Patriots again. Why not like this? We able, we abel's putting together this awesome coaching staff that's like the complete opposite of what we had last year. We have all these over qual. Like we have Doug Marone, Doug Marone, like almost beat the Pats in a play in a round three playoff game five years ago. Like he was a good head coach. I'm really pumped. I really feel like, I think the Washington thing has given all the Pats fans so much energy that it's like they did this in a year.


They just, they hit the quarterback, they did all that. So now I'm, I'm gonna be more into this NFL draft than I was last year. It's so funny how Washington has affected other teams near the bottom. Right. And yeah, it's the exact opposite effect on Dallas because now we have Jayden Daniels in our division for any, anywhere from next year to the next 12 years. Right. And, and we celebrate. He even, he even took a win today. I felt like, I thought he was, you know, he, he, maybe a couple passes were a little low, but for the most part, like his poise and the way he kind of kept them at that two point conversion he had was great. I just thought he still seems very, had so fun watching him. Very cool. It's very cool. Yeah. Never freaks out through a couple bad passes, but it's to be expected.


I mean, how many, how many weeks are gonna do this for? Well the cool thing for us selfishly, just like for the Sundays where we're trying to watch all these games at once. Yeah. We just want as many fun QBs as we can get. Right. And now it seems like at least May and, and and Daniels are two more to the list. Hopefully Caleb can get there. You know, hopefully Herbert will take some sort of leap. Hopefully the new Jacksonville coach will resuscitate Lawrence. Like we might get into a situation where half of the teams have a fun qb. Wouldn't that be something? Yeah, I think what JJ McCarthy's good fun, fun. QBs and D's coming back and bad coaches shut up are what's gonna keep guests.


The lines going for another 17 years. Well the one thing we know is we're always gonna have bad owners and Oh yeah. Bad coaches. Yeah. By the way, the, the Celtics, here's a little, here's a little tidbit. The Celtics, they have, they, it was the first round of the buyers that they had to cut down all the prospective buyers and like, oh, I don't know, five people made the first round, four or five people. One of the people was the Eagles owner. Really? Jeffrey Laurie. Hmm. Who's apparently from Massachusetts. So he was, he was they, because there's been a couple like, Hmm, I wonder who these guys are. And there was a couple I couldn't figure out.


But that's, that's one that the Do you like that the mix? Do you like wonder? I mean that happened with your Red Sox too, right? Isn't there like a whole So the precedent is Josh Harris. Yeah. Owned the, owned the Sixers and then bought Washington's football team. The cronies owned the Nuggets and he own the Rams. Rams. So there's been a couple of N-B-A-N-F-L things. But I mean, I always thought the Eagles were one of the best run football teams, right? Sure. So if, if, if he bought the Celtics, that's a decent outcome. There's a couple decent outcomes in this. It's so funny how there's only like a few owners. There's only a few quarterbacks to get and there's only a few coaches and if you don't get 'em, you're kind of screwed. Yeah. And you're way more likely to have a mediocre and a bad coach.


And a bad owner. Alright, anything else before we hit parent corner? Are you, did you hit the sad point of this season yet where Oh yeah, you're just going to like wrestling tournaments on a Saturday, thinking about how you have no games on Saturday. That is pretty sad. I told you when you can't make a three team teaser unless you use the over under, that is a, that, that's a milestone official, official sadness day. Really bad, really sad. And after next week after we do our prop podcast, that'll be sad too. It's, it's a step.


This message is a paid partnership with Apple Card. If you wanna take control of your finances, apple Card is where it starts. A credit card that can give you up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase. I have one. I can tell you this is true. I know and love Apple Card. So many places I can use it, especially during a busy time here with football, basketball, the holidays, all at once. I can use my Apple card on tickets to a game, a gift for my dad, or even tickets as a gift for my dad. Plus, anytime there's a new Apple product, it's a lot easier. Apply for an Apple card today. It's easy. Just go to the wallet app on your iPhone. Again, that easy. Subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecart.com.


This episode is brought to you by Paramount plus Ridley Scott's return to Ancient Rome and Gladiator two is nothing short. Awesome. And now you can stream it at home. I'm Paramount. Plus years after death of Maximus, Lucius is forced into the Colosseum after his home is conquered by a tyrannical twin Roman emperors. With the future of the empire at stake, he must find strength and honor to return the glory of Rome to its people. Gladiator two now streaming on paramount plus.com rated R


Parent Corner. You go first. All right, I'll go first. Speaking of wrestling tournaments. So yeah, wrestling season's coming to a merciful end for me. And so that's my middle kid. And my youngest kid has travel baseball and rec league basketball. So Saturday I have to go from Jack Rec league basketball. Yeah, yeah. Oh, he is all over basketball too. Okay. It's fun. It's fun At that age. Yeah. I'm running around. So Saturday I have to go to, from Jack's tournament to Harrison's basketball game. I'm about, I'm gonna catch just the end of his basketball game. So I walk in there, it's the fourth quarter And I see my wife's there and the game, it's 1817 and she's talking to this woman seated next to her.


And I have no idea who the woman is. And I mentioned that. I was like, wow, the gym seems tense. And and my wife's like, yeah, the refs aren't calling anything. These kids are really going at it. And then she goes back to talking to this woman that I don't know. So, and then it, it's clear to me. I'm like, well she must be guessing that the refs aren't calling anything 'cause she's not watching a second of this. And so I'm starting to get annoyed. I'm like, it's 18 sec 17 with like two and a half minutes left. Like Harrison's taking shots and he's playing defense and everything. But anyway, okay, so she's still talking to this woman. There's eight seconds left. We're up by three. The opponent inbounds it, dribbles down the court. Runs down the court. And just before he pulls up for the three, Harrison hard foul him before he goes into shooting motion.


And I was like, that's fricking smart. That's like one of the smartest things. Wow. The announcers must have loved it. The announcers loved it. The gym did not love it. The referees didn't love it either. And everyone's like, oh, oh boy. But now there's like 0.6 on the plaque. What was the heart valve? Was it like a shove or was it s like karate chop, like Right, right. Shove to the chest. Maybe a little elbow kids off balance. Oh, he's, this is great. Before, before, way before the shot. Definitely before the shot. But he saw that the kid was about to pull up and there's 0.6 on the clock and there's like, no, it's not a shooting foul and they're just gonna inbound it. And the ref like mildly scolds Harrison, much like the refs did to to, sorry, who played Philly today already lost Wa Yeah, Washington when they were jumping off the sides.


Oh yeah. Over and over and over. But he is like, game's over and, and so that was it. And everyone's like, oh man, oh boy. All right. So I was like, oh geez, he's, I'm like, I I can't wait to high five him in, in private later. Like, like a Yeah. Small fist pump. Yeah. Yeah. And then the kid who he shoved is like crying after the game. And I say, and I'm like, now I'm by my wife and this woman, I'm like, oh God, look at this. This kid's crying now. And she turns to me and mouths that's, that's this woman's son. His name is Bob. I'll say Bob 'cause I don't wanna say the real name, but that's off by one letter. She's like, that's Bob and this woman's son.


I'm like, oh shit. Now she's looking at me. And so now I have to eat shit a little bit. Like, I let like a minute pass And I go up to her after the game And I'm like, Hey, I just want you like, you know, Bob played a great net game. Like, and she's giving me a look like, yeah, I fucking saw you walk in like with four minutes left in the game. Don't gimme this crap. You didn't even see him play. Oh, you made it worse. I made it worse. She didn't say that, but she gave me that look. But anyway, talking to Harrison afterwards, I'm like, look, you know you're not supposed to film. I was like, dad, we lost a game like that last week. I wasn't gonna let him get the shot off. That's my boy. That's good. Good hard nosed stuff. I like it. That's it. That's it. So I'm the jerk again. You know, I So 10 and 11 your Harrison's 11.


Yeah. Those are really emotional ages for boys sports. There's a lot more crying than I was ever prepared for. Like in the baseball and the basketball, like kids really melt down. Yeah. It made me thi it made me think how funny it would be if like, we did this as adults. Like if it was like in the game today, like Don Cade drops the pass, he's just sobbing on the sidelines. When, when did they grow out of that? At age 12. We do this as gambling. Well, what's interesting with basketball from 10 to 11, which makes it even more intense at 11, they start, they start calling double dribble a lot and they start calling travel and they, and you could play back court defense.


So it gets pretty rough and stupid. Yeah. 10 10 and under. You couldn't play defense until he crossed half court. Yeah, because I, I was, was visiting our cousin Jimmy yesterday. Yeah. In South Bay. And I called you to see if you were around And I just heard whistles in the background and I'm like, oh, I forgot on Saturday you just drive around a different Yeah, my son gets get sporting events. Yeah, that was it. Yeah. My parent corner. So my wife went away for a couple days with some friends. She still lives here. It's not a Michelle Obama thing. And I was left alone with, with me and Ben and the dog Murph, who, if you've noticed, has not been really on parent corner.


Oh yeah. All year. 'cause he's four, like he really is blossomed into a great dog. Mature, no accidents. We have no gates in any of the rooms in, in the house, anything like that. Well my son had had a friend over and they made a cake. Oh. And it was a female friend and he left the, the, you know, there's the frosting left. I think he left the frosting on the counter, but maybe not enough distance for Murph not to get it. So I come home on, on Thursday and in the, in the TV room, there's just the remnants of something and it's like white, it almost looks like somebody spilled cocaine powder.


And I'm like, what is, I'm smelling it and it just smells like icing. And I'm like, oh my God, Ben. So now I'm on Murph, watch, nothing's happening. Nothing's happening. And then Saturday morning, the apocalypse, I noticed him sneak away a couple times. Usually he's always where I am. Right. If I'm home. And I noticed him sneak away a couple times. Like that's where Murph, where you going? He is like, I'll be right back. It was apocalypse my, my office that I'm in right now. Multiple shits. I could smell it. Yeah. Our, our living room, which we had a gate so that nobody could go in there. That was a dog for months and months. And finally like, we don't need the gate.


It's ugly. Murph never goes in there. Double shit on the, on the rug in there. Hmm. The the, what was the other place? Oh. And then the TV room like ruin the rug, the like, so like three different shits. And I had already closed the doors for, so anyway, I, we have this machine that I would recommend anybody who has a dog who likes to shit in their house, this water tank machine where you can scrub it and it picks the shit up. And I saved two of the rugs, but I haven't saved the third one. And Oh. And he ruined it. And so last night I was like, I, so I didn't have a good night's sleep Friday night. I'm like last night I'm like that.


Hopefully the shit's done. I lock all the doors. He's locked in in our bedroom. There's no rug for him to pee on the bathroom. Door's closed or poop on bathroom doors closed. There's nothing he can get to. And I'm like, now I can just get a good night's sleep. Got the pod tonight with the two games. Like I just wanna be like rested and prepared. Fall asleep at one o'clock, like 2 45. I just hear him circling around in the room, which means he has to go. So bring him down, it's pouring. Rain goes out, he does whatever comes back, towel 'em off. Hour and a half later we repeat it again. 5 45. Let's do it a third time.


And now I'm up and I've been up since 5 45. So I don't know what I look like, but, but three shits. And I haven't told my wife 'cause she's away. And so I guess this is, if she hears this, this is how she's gonna out. I just gonna ask out. So who will get in person? Well did you reprimand your son or no? Oh, he's like, it wasn't my fault. He shouldn't have jumped on the counter. I'm like, no, it's a hundred percent your fault if you leave something on the counter that like if you left Poison on the counter and he ate it and he died. Is that his fault or yours? He's a dog. He has an IQ of 20. So I've been mad at him all weekend. Right. And just like pa like I, I've never picked up this many shit. So it was like he had never shit in the house.


And then it was like a year and a half of shit saved up. Jesus just dropping him everywhere. So anyway, mur back. What a what the, what'd they make a wedding cake? What the fuck? How much ice did he eat? I, I don't understand. Then I was like, do I have taken him to the vet today? Yeah. And I'm like, I'm not fucking taking him to the vet. The games are about to come on. If he dies, he dies. I was like rock. It was like Drago gets a creed fill, drag die. But, but it was just, I like LA And I actually felt bad for him 'cause last night I just, I was like, I'm not even bringing it in. Just stay outside. Yeah. And you and for two hours. And then I kind of forgot about him. I was watching a movie for re watchable and then I remember I heard him barking. I came back down And I brought him in.


He was like so emotionally destroyed. Yeah. It's like, you left me out there. I didn't think you were gonna come get me. So anyway, it's been a rollercoaster weekend and I've had I think three hours of sleep. Wow. Can I say something? You said the listen is don't get a dog. No. Yeah, yeah. Wait on the dog. Or at least get that rug cleaner. For sure. You, you said that the dogs have an IQ of 20. This, this sounds like a smart dog. Like when you say like, the dog left the room to do all this. He he knew. Yeah, he knew. Like, that makes me think sometimes that dogs are smarter than humans. Like he had the wherewithal to be crafty enough or embarrassed enough or whatever it was to do it in another room for just, well it's temporary. It's almost like a cheating spouse where it's like, I'll be right back. I just gotta go to the bathroom.


And then they're have, they're on a phone call in the closet. Oh, I thought you said she went away with her friends. I thought Oh, the dog. The dog. Oh the dog. Yeah. Yeah. No, he's, he's like, I'll be right back. Just gonna go get some water. Yeah. And it's like, and he's and he is like, what rug haven't had shit on yet. So anyway, I'm looking at our chat. What are they saying? People, Chris Shimmer says, I love how Bill still contends. He is never done blow. I have never done cocaine. I, I swear on my kids. Yeah. I'm not even positive. I've been in the same room with it. Like very virginal with cocaine. I'm not gonna ask you if you've done it. I've not done it. And I, I, I had the opportunity 'cause I had gambling money once to loan my roommates who were dealing it money.


It's like you gimme $150 and you can make 600 by the end of the, I was like, I don't even, I I I don't know why I said no, but I start a Goodfellows wasn't even doing that. No. Yeah. So anyway, Murph. Murph ruined my weekend. Yeah. And it looked like the two bets were gonna ruin my weekend. And then the Chiefs came through. Which brings us full circle. Yeah. We go. Can always count on the Kansas City Chiefs to save your weekend. We're back. Especially when they're the second team. I thought Romo was outstanding today. I wanna mention that as well. Really good. It's tough. I really thought he did a great job, Romo. We were in rough shape with him a couple years ago. It, it just didn't seem like he was putting in the work. But I it feels like he is. Well I like it because even last week it was a little tiny bit wishy-washy And I was like, oh man, is he just not a cold weather announcer?


But no, he, he came back, I think he did cocaine. I think that's what it was. Yeah. That's it for, that's it for Parent Corner. That's it. So next time I see you, we'll be next Sunday. Yeah. We're gonna be doing our annual Super Bowl props podcast then. I love that there's like 150 up already. It's not even Monday. This is terrific. It's amazing. We, we always used to have to wait right until the second week. I have a quick NBA thing for you. I, you know, we had that Pacers bet. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Tell everybody what that is. Tell me, I forgot we did. Well it's Pacer's over Minnesota. Under Sacramento under, we did like four weeks ago.


And now it seems like Sacramento might screw us 'cause we need them to be under 42 wins. I think the Pacers are about to make a little run here. Yeah. Just talking about from a gambling standpoint next couple weeks. I I like what I'm, they have all their guys back. I just think there's something interesting about them that I've been monitoring. What did we get of other teams at each conference? That's, And I think Golden State's on the flip side, I think, did you see this? That Golden State is one in 20? Yeah. After the third quarter when they don't have a lead. Like right. To me, golden State if they don't make a trade like this is, this season's a punt. Yeah. What did, what'd we get the pacers at wins. Oh, we're gonna hit that one. We, we got it at like 40, 41 and a half.


Okay. So it's, it's 46 and a half. But you wouldn't double back on it, would you? That's too much. Oh, for regular season wins. Yeah. What's the record? That doesn't matter. Yeah, no, I, I don't know the record. So they are 25 and 20. So 47. They'd have to go 22. 22 and 15. 22 and 15. Yeah. That's pretty good. That seems like it comes down to the last week. Yeah. Yeah, Lisa, well we already have that though. Yeah. Yeah. I was just wondering. I mean, so why don't, I don't even know how you play them at this point. What, what more 46 and a half's high.


So we, so we definitely hit that one. Golden State is 41 and a half now. And unless they do a desperation trade, that one might be going under. The only other one that I think, I, I can't believe I'm saying this, but the Lakers look good in that Celtic game. I know. And then they look good against the Warriors and I'm starting to wonder if maybe they found a little something because there's a physicality to them. I wrote them off. I I thought they should have traded Anthony Davis and it's only two games. I'm not zigzagging but I'm just watching them because I saw a team in that Boston game in person that just seemed like they had, they were figuring out an identity that I didn't think they had. And then they did the same thing against Gold State.


This was a tough stretch. This physical team. Yeah. Like they, they three of the last four, the next four games or they're in that four game run that where it was gonna be tough. And I bet them to make the play in, I'm like, oh, they're definitely gonna get into playing. 'cause you could do that on FanDuel and like now they're minus two 20. Oh you think they could actually make it? Well now they're minus 2 25 to make the, to make the playoffs. So, ugh, boy. Yeah, there's seven games over 500. Right. And I wasn't even considering them potentially being good until Yeah, those last two games. 'cause they're defending way better than they did. They have, they they have enough shooters now. Gabe Vincent's given them something that he was not giving earlier in this season. So I it's, I I don't wanna put plan a flag on it yet, but I'm, I might've been wrong about them.


Well I thought for sure once they let Bronny go to the G League, I'm like that's a mistake. They're gonna regret sending that generational talent somewhere else. And and who knows if he even comes back if they want him. No. Brony iss the best thing that happens to go into Laker games now because people wanna, they wanna see him but they usually the game's over. Right. So we, I took Hench to the Laker game. We got outta there. We were outta the garage in like 30 seconds. 'cause every, it was like Oh really? The easiest time to Yeah, everyone, yeah. Lakers are up 20 usually people are fleeing but everybody kind of wanted to stick around. Nice. Everyone just wanted Hench to leave I think. Oh, he was in rare form. Yeah. The only other one is Cleveland.


I was thinking about this for next year. That team that starts out super hot. Yeah, they're ridiculous. And then around the 40 game mark, they're huge favorites in every game. But they, they relax a little bit and they lose a couple. And I, I wanna remember that for next year, they, that's not best one Atkinson is minus four 70 for Coach of the Year. What would they have to, what kind of, what kind of collapse would they have to have for him not to win it at this point? Wow. What's crazy is the Thunder coach is 30 to one and that guy's doing an amazing job. He lost Holmgren for the whole season basically. Yeah, but he won. He won last year. They year though. Right. I mean I'm all for the guys that get votes, but I think that's, I I don't think they give it two years in a row.


Too much Joker plus two 30 for MVP on FanDuel Seems like really good odds as you know, I'm not allowed to vote anymore. Alright. You promised me you'll get the vote. You give the vote. No, but I'll tell you here's why. Because first of all, it's only game 45. Second of all, there's really only two candidates right now. But Denver's a four seed now. Like you can't win the MVP unless, unless it's either a shitty year or you're like a top three team. They're probably gonna be a top three team in the west, which puts him in play and he is having this historic offensive season. It's at least an argument. So that's the hedge on Shay. 'cause I have Sha, SGA because of you House and Illa. I got like plus three 50 now he is minus three 50. Oh when we were, we were telling people early that there was Yeah. Yeah. If you're just talking value. Yeah. I, it's a two person race. There's no one else. I would be really surprised. Tatu. Oh man. I mean Giannis is 120. Yeah. Everybody's triple figures. Anybody else Bizarre? No, it's those two. So if you wanted to hedge it, I would hedge it with the Okage. Yeah.


Alright. The rookie of the year is funny because all of a sudden where in Miami became the favorite. I know because it was good for two weeks. Like that's how bad I still, I still think Castle plus three 10 is probably a little, I have SAR from the beginning of that year. Yeah. And then most improved. That one always changes Right around like mid-February, all of a sudden people get excited. Same for defensive player of the year. I think six man's a little more open than Pritchard being minus one 70. 'cause he hasn't been like, just looking at those odds. Aman Thompson, who's been incredible, especially lately, he's eight to one. Yeah. And he's, he's having a, I think a more impactful year than Pritchard is. Well the pitfall, he argue, argue Thom's the best rocket right now.


I mean remember Westbrook was a big favorite. Or not Westbrook, who'd they make? Was it Westbrook was six Man, did that make sense? Like a few years ago Then like he became, it became a starter and then it screwed it. It doesn went away. So that's what you have to avoid. Like which one of those top four can be getting the starting lineup? Because what do you got to plug? What do I have against All odds? A couple times this week through The Ringer with Tate Frazier cousin Sal's winning weekend at the end of the week and Frontier Wireless blows and their customer service reps are fucking liars. That's it. Bye. See you next week. Wow. Are you doing content with Tate this week? Yeah, yeah, yeah. What do you want me to ask him?


Is he focused yet on Charlotte trading for Curry? That was always his dream scenario. Oh, interesting. I don't know, he's all about, I don't think Golden state's ever trading Curry. But Tate's, Tate's dream was, golden State was gonna become mediocre and at some point the move was just a cash in Curry before, during the last stretch of his career. What does that look like? He goes back to Charlotte First round pick. He grew up there. The number one. No, I know, but what did I have to give up? I think Mellos in it. Yeah. Two guy who never wanna play. That's what a great trade. Anyway, ask Tate, see what he thinks. All right, I'll, all right. Thanks to Kyle and Ga. Thanks to IV those not here.


You can watch all of our stuff on the on YouTube. Please subscribe for us. Yeah. And then I got new rewatch. What's coming tomorrow? So that's the spot. Sal, congrats on the Guest Alliance title again. Good job by you. Good job by you buddy. And good job by the Chiefs. Thanks everybody. Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President dc.


Gambling problem, call 100 gambler. Visit rg-help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling help line ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or Text Hope NY in New York.