
You're listening and watching The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel our friends America's number one sports book and they've made it easier than ever to get in on the action during an NBA playoff game, even after Tip off, just look for the live SGP tab on the FanDuel sportsbook app and build your own bet slip and sit back, relax, track the outcome of your parlay right in the app. And if You don't already have it, download the FanDuel app today to make every moment more The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available. And listen to the end episode for additional details. Must be 21 plus on President select states Game Pro call GAMBLER. Visit RG help com. Coming up, the Celtics are still alive and we're gonna talk some WNBA. Yeah, how about that podcast? It's all next.


This episode is brought to you by Better Help. There's still a lot of stigma around mental health. Let's change that. This Mental Health Awareness month, lets encourage everyone to get support when they need it. And if you're not sure where to find that support, check out Better help with a network of over 30,000 licensed therapists. They can help you find the right fit. We're all better with help. Visit better help.com/ Bill Simmons to get 10% off your first month. That's better. Help hlp com slash Bill Simmons.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network where I have a new re watchable coming next Monday because it's still big ass seventies month. We did Death Wish this week. Next week we're doing Close Encounters of the third Kind Steven Spielberg, 1977. Huge movie, awesome movie. It's gonna be me and Sean and Chris Ryan. We also did a little thing for Ringer Movies about the Superman trailer. If you subscribe to The Ringer Movies YouTube channel, you can subscribe to the Bill Simmons YouTube channel as well where I'm gonna be going live tomorrow night, Thursday with Rob Mahoney after OKC Denver Game.


Six four podcasts this week. It's that time of year. Lot of basketball going on. We didn't even get to talk with Dave Jacoby, who's Coming up in a second about where's Minnesota, because series was over the moment. Steph Curry got hurt. Jimmy Butler at this point in his career was not able to win Golden State a game. No shots fired at Jimmy Butler. I just think he's at a slightly different stage of his career and Minnesota is really, really good. So we'll talk about that. We'll talk about Minnesota versus whoever wins tomorrow night with Rob Mahoney tomorrow night. We'll see if the Joker has one more great performance in him. Stay tuned. So that's tomorrow night today's podcast talking to Dave Jacoby about Celtics, Nicks game five, the Tatum injury, the fallout, some, some thoughts after having a day to sit with it and the Knicks, the spot they're in and a whole bunch of topics that came and, and then WNBA Commissioner Cathy Engelbert came on to talk about the upcoming season where the league is at Big Picture and I just wanted to pick her brain 'cause the league is at a fascinating moment right now as it heads into almost its third decade.


So that was a really fun conversation. We taped that on Monday.


And before we get to the podcast, just wanted to remind everybody on FanDuel, I'm doing Taylor Fade every week and we're gonna be doing it for Thursday night's, OKC Denver game. And that is going to be a prop with Yoic Points, rebounds. I'm going over, I would advise you to tell me, but you can go check it out. They add a profit boost to it though. So go check out the FanDuel Sports book app before the game on Thursday. Anyway, big podcast coming first. Our friends from Pro


All right, recording this part of the podcast a little before. Seven PT Once upon a time you knew him as Czar reality TV and he ran all of the audio and video for Grantland, a job that many people have tried to take credit for. But I can promise you he did it a hundred percent himself. Now he is the host of The Mismatch along with Chris Vernon among many other things. My guy, Dave Jacoby is here Die Easy Nicks fan. I did book this before we knew the results of Game five. Just for the record, You're an asshole. It's, it's, I, this really could have gone two ways and I'm not really happy with the way it went, to be honest with you.


You know, I'm really not happy with the way it went. What did you think was gonna happen? Yeah, I mean IGI guarantee you didn't think we would be calling this on the podcast title for this episode, the Luke Cornet game. But that was, that was the Outcome. Ex Nick, by the way. Westchester, Nick Legend, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yes. There's, I remember hearing from Nick Bass be like, there's this guy in Westchester, he's like seven feet tall. He hits threes and he's got ball steals. I was like, oh, it Used to be Anick was the three point shooting. Now He doesn't even shoot threes now. Yeah. But no, I do think that Knicks will eventually win this series, but I had a feeling they would lose this one. And now it just, I don't feel good about anything right now because now it's just like you have to win game seven.


My game six Nick Group chat Game six. You're right. My Knicks group chat has gone from, we need to trade for Giannis right around game three. Yeah. To who do you think would be a better matchup in the finals, the thunder or the Wolves to must win Game six in the garden. There was no, no like four hours there of, are you guys worried about the Pacers at all and then people reassuring each other? No, no. We're not worried about them at all. No, none of that. Okay. Because the Pacers are really good. Oh, the Pacers. Yes. The Pacers are really good. And also the, you know, I revisited the Pacer Nick series from last season and I had to like sort of freshen up on it.


Yeah. Because I remember Game seven was such a big deal and everyone was hurt and OG tried to play just like Brunson hurt and no one was there, but like game one and game two, kinda like this series like came down to the end and remember Carlisle got kicked out of a game. I forgot about that. Yeah. And he's like, small market teams deserve fouls too. There's some chippiness, there was some real like stuff there. It was a good series. Series. Oh, it's gonna be worse if, if it's Pacer Knicks this year it'll be even worse. And let's be honest, it's probably gonna be pacer. It's gonna pacer. I'll just tell you my mindset. First of all, I was hearing my dad was there and it was a late arriving crowd 'cause it was a seven o'clock start plus a shitload of traffic.


And there were some Knick fans because I think some Celtic fans after the Tatum injury were like putting the tickets on so you could hear the Knicks things. They show Shaima at one point, courtside and I, and it turned into a not in our house. We can't let this happen. Every time you heard the Knicks three or some sort of good Knicks play in the first, you know, 40 minutes of the game first, like real time, 40 minutes. And you could hear the loud Knicks fans and it was like, this is would be really awful if the Knicks like win this. Their fans are celebrating. It cuts to the end, the wide shot. Only the Knicks fans are left. Shaima is pointing at people. I was like, I just, we gotta win this.


It turned into Hoosiers and the Celtics rose to the challenge Jacob. They did. It was a, it was a good Celtics game. I mean we'll talk about the basketball stuff in a second, but I, I do wanna say I heard that Shala may listens to the podcast and I'm Very excited about that. I'm excited that he's supporting the Knicks. Bringing the Kardashian element wasn't my favorite thing to happen in game four. Right. Like I'm just gonna say like, I love that you're here, Timothy Chaman, I love you, support the Knicks. When he went to road games and sat next to Stiller behind the, the Pistons bench in Detroit, I was like, all right, I love this. You know, and and and the game. Yeah. Real fan acting like a real fan.


I was like, yes. I was like, I love this. But it was when when you, you bring a girlfriend that's fine, but your girlfriend's sister and then it becomes about them and their outfits and you know what's gonna sort of like make the press. I didn't love the Kardashian element that we saw. You remember once Upon a time, our guy Ben Affleck, oh three range Red Sox had and won a World Series in over eight decades and he brought J-Lo Yankee fan, grew up in the Bronx, literally had those literally called Jenny from the Bronx and brought her into the Good Red Sox seats for Red Sox Yankees. And it was like, that was when the arm turned on Affleck for a little bitm. Glad Yes. It's like it, same thing with sound. It's Your, it's it's your buddy that has a girlfriend who golfs, you know what I mean?


It's like, it's like, it's like oh I'm so excited that that your girlfriend golfs like I'm, I'm saying that she's gonna be joining us but it's gonna change the vibe. Right, right. That's sort of how I felt about the Kardashians being at The Knicks cage. We're not gonna have our buddy to have nine beers and he's throwing up behind the temple pole and ask in the Cady master for fors Afterwards. We're going straight home. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's just like, alright. Right. Yeah. I didn't love the Kardashian of it but like I will say this is the Celtics made appropriate adjustments and played good basketball tonight and I love the way that they attacked the paint and and just sort of like put the pressure on the Knicks. They did. Well I kept, you know, from from the moment Tatum's tragic injury happened when we found out the results and then I got some people in my life are like, is there Ewing theory possibilities here?


And just for the record, first of all love Jason Tatum. Second of all not eligible 'cause they won the title with him last year. The whole point of the Ewing theory is the team never won the title. Best player gets Hurt and then the team rises to the occasion Adam in some way. With that said, it did open the door for some stuff that has been pretty frustrating about this Celtics team where they all to band together, they had to get a little more creative offensively there was a lot more cutting, there was a lot more ball movement and some of the stuff that would handicap this team in the past where it was either Tatum or Brown with the ball just dribbling. Especially when they had a lead and the lead would start to further away and then it just turned into one-on-one basketball.


That never happened in this game. 'cause the guards were more involved. Cornet was cutting. The passing was really good. Like I, that was by far the best game they played in the playoffs I think. I think so too. And it did help that Derek White hit like seven threes to start the game. That Always when a guy That Flame shooting outta Derek's as was a Bonus. But the Nick said Josh Hart made more threes in in a half hour than he made all playoffs. It felt like. I'll say that there is something to be said for you drive the car, I'll drive the car, you drive the car, I'll drive the car. But when you have, when you take the Tatum element out of the Celtics offense, it becomes a little bit more like I'm driving the car and I'll dictate how things are gonna go and I'm gonna spread the ball around.


It's not my turn your turn, it's my turn and then we're gonna spread to role players. That's what the Knicks offense is with Brunson sort of at the helm. And I think that is what led to them playing this this so sort of more democratic offense and you know, it also didn't hurt. I think that's the right word. Derrick Derek White hit all this up. Yeah, well they had to get more creative 'cause Tatu becomes the security blanket that you can always rely on 'cause he's, you know, can create a shot whenever he wants. But now, hey JR Holiday should probably post up a little bit more. Let's try a couple of those. Let's set picks for Derek White and that. So there was some stuff that was happening that was some really good basketball. I also think this version of the Knicks, I think they have some good one-on-one defenders, but as a team defense thing, this has been a problem for them all year.


They're usually against it. They were attacking towns. They got towns in the foul trouble. They No, no That's not true. That's not true. That's not true. Well they did get tos in The foul trouble. They did not get towns in into foul trouble. They did it Fo got himself in the foul trouble too. True. Whatcha talking about? Whatcha talking about Carl? Did you see what Colin did? The foul. That's true on him. Like well They did a good job of having players with the basketball near Townes as he had spasms and ran into people. The First foul he was setting a screen and again like none of these fouls affect the play. Yeah. Like none of them do. He's setting a screen and then like it's an illegal screen. It wasn't even like around the ball, it wasn't even like the point of attack.


And the second one, Parsis is coming across the lane and he hits him like, he's like a, he a tight end checking a linebacker on the way. It's like what are you doing? Yeah, it's like again, Carl KP is not a threat. Like why are you doing this? The this in the middle of the lane. I don't understand these fouls. Then the third foul, he gets his shot blocked and then he Derek the guy try Yeah by Derek. Then he grabs Derek White and throws him out of the way because he's embarrassed. He got his shot blocked. So when you say the Celtics put him in foul trouble, I say that is complete bullshit and not true. Car D towns can't help himself dude, he's got a real like mental problem.


He's got like a mental block with this and he goes through stretches where it seems like he's figured it out but he hasn't. And I'm gonna very quickly give you a, a quick analogy I gave on the mismatch, which was like, it's like a, a finance guy going to the strip club and going to the champagne room and getting roof feed and and spending $20,000 on his credit card and then waking up the next day and realizing it and then around four o'clock that day going back to the same strip club the next night, like when are you gonna learn dude? Like when are you gonna learn If he went back to the strip joint every night Five nights in a row is what Carlin Townes did tonight. All His body body was developing, developing a resistance to roofies. It was actually like not working as well against him.


He kept going back. If Carly d Towns was getting fouls where he was challenging people that were driving to the basket trying to score at the rim, I would be like that's fine. Yeah if, but you look at his fouls tonight, like the other one who was under the hoop on a rebound. None of these are like on the ball plays at the rim or none of them were even questionable. Well I had some Knicks fans in my life who were, I won't name them, who were very upset about Tony Brothers in in the third quarter just putting fouls on Brunson. I thought four, the five fouls were like no brainer, you had to call. He did the one where he, he fouled Derek White's elbow with his face. That's, I'd always have a problem with that call 'cause I'm not sure where your face is supposed to go if somebody's diving into you.


But ironically the person who benefits the most from that call on the flip side of it is Jalen Brunson. 'cause he gets a lot of fouls that way where he just lurches into guys and you know, your, your body can only do so many things when you're over six feet tall and standing up but elbows coming at your face, it's probably gonna hit your face. You can't like do the matrix. Well, Well also Brent Brunson and again like I'm a Knick fan but I'm objective about basketball. He put his chin like on his shoulder, Right? Like you're putting your chin right there. You kind of, that Was gonna but that was only one that I thought was the shaky call. So there's some big picture Celtics stuff and then we could talk about the Knicks pieces. Actually let's talk about the Knick's pieces first just to mix it up.


So the Knicks hasn't been the most fun 21st century. Right? And finally thing, all of these different things have broken this year for them, including unfortunately for the Celtics and for the NBA. But this Tatu injury is obviously a huge competitive advantage for the Knicks. The seas of parted they were plus 700 before the series. They stole a couple fourth quarters. I thought they played really well in the second half of the, of, of game four deserve to win. They get this break with the Tatum injury, now they're heading into the final finals of the east. If they win this, they don't have to play Cleveland. They get to play Indiana and get revenge on them. So everything's aligning and then they blow this game and now we're going to MSG on Friday.


Sure. And there's a lot of DNA now swimming in the, in the pool. There hasn't been a lot of happy memories the last 25 years. And I just wonder, sorry, You can't say DNA swimming in the pool and have me not go bad, bad places. I'm sorry. My bad. I know that's, that was once a a, a frequent porn search of yours. But, but yeah, so the Celtics achieved their goal. They protected home court. Shala ma wasn't pointing at Knicks fans after the game and now there's pressure on the Knicks who still have a better team, but at least now there's some pressure pushed the other way with that game seven in Boston looming.


Right. Oh, I mean I think the Knicks will win the series but if, if I Do you think I'm gonna sit here and not be doubtful and terrified of game six with OG playing the way he did tonight and like Bridge? Yeah. What's Bridges going on with him? Bridge? He's, he's been up and down. There was the stretch when Brunson was hurt, where Bridges in OG were phenomenal and it just felt like it, like low key felt like Bri Brunson being out for that long was actually great for the Knicks because it gave Bridges and OG this time to score 20 points, 25 points, 30 points and be a focus of the offense that would help them when they, you know, reacclimated to the Brunson environment.


Right. But right now it just doesn't feel like it, it it, it doesn't Well 'cause he was awesome in game one. I thought he was the best player on the court. Oh, oh yeah. And then on both sides then we haven't seen it the same way. There was a couple things I thought that Celtics were doing a couple things a little bit differently defensively. One is they just didn't, they were fine with Josh Har taking threes until they made about five. He made 'em then, Then, then they shifted their defense. But initially it was like, we're good with that, we're good with that. They really seems like they, they studied the tape of bridges. What did Bridges end up with today? He was nine points. Today he is four for 14. He's got that weird, it's like the guy you play pickup with all the time where they have figure this one shot and then eventually you figure it out and you're like, fuck, why didn't I figure that out six months ago?


He does this jump shot, it's like a hop step 45 degree angle delivery shot. Gee and, and white couldn't time it. And then finally this game they started like timing the jumper a little bit better. What he does is whether he's moving to his right or left or he squared up to the hoop, he squares his shoulders to the hoop and he puts his hands up like he's throwing a soccer throwing pass. Yeah. So the ball and then he flicks his wrist to get it there. That's why he doesn't shoot threes that. Well, but he, Because but he always bends back. He would, he would rather take a 10 foot shot than an eight foot shot from the same place where his feet are at. He's always going backwards. And I think it was screwing up weight. He couldn't gauge it. And if, if you're over 43, he shoots like a double dribble character.


Like the ball goes up and his arms go up and then he releases the ball with his wrists only. And once you figure that out, I don't, I don't think anyone can figure it out. I'm be honest with you. I think I thought that he played so well in the fourth quarter of game four that today He didn't really happy. Yeah. They were just, they were more aware of it. It didn't seem like they were surprised by his offense in this game. And then, you know, the other one was they were just really aggressive with Brunson and you know, they just, they fell asleep in game four. Like the reason he got going in the third quarter of game four was 'cause their defense sucked. They fell asleep. They weren't, I mean they lost him a couple times. They just didn't do a good job. They did a good job today. Yeah. Didn't, And it helped that he got thousand, 10 minutes.


He didn't get going in game four. Like he was absolutely on fire. Yeah. And took over the game. I thought that Game four was one of my favorite basketball games I've ever seen with Tatum and Brunson in the third quarter. Just exchanging those punches was just, it was, it was one of my favorite basketball games I've ever seen. You know what I mean? Like, I like basketball before I like the Knicks. Like that was such a great game and it's too bad that Tatum was gone from it. But here's a question I have for you. There was a point in game two, I think it was the start of the second half when they just posted up towns on the left block and he got in like that Carmelo spot, like 10, 12 feet from the basket And they were just, they were obviously doing it. Like they, he would throw it in, throw it out, they would just, they were obviously doing it and there's, there's no Celtic defender that can cover him with his back to the basket 13 feet from the basket and they just never go back to it.


Don't know why Isn't that the, isn't that the story of towns career though? It always seems like, like the Celtics guarded him with Drew Holiday a bunch of times today and teams, teams just feel like they can get away with it. 'cause Townes is more comfortable 25 feet from the basket. But yeah, you're right. He torched fer a couple times in game too. Fert towns Brown Tatu. It didn't, there's no one on the roster Maybe Interesting. Maybe this new low cornet. Right. Well you know what's interesting about him, he's a streaky low post score score. Usually see people are streaky three point, but he gets in like these grooves on the low rhythm posts rhythm. When you watch it, you're like, how does, how does he not average 40 a game and then he just won't shoot another eight footer for a month.


But it felt like a running back that was getting five yards of carry. I I think it was game two I think I'm pretty sure it was the very, the third quarter game too, where this went to it like three plays in a row. And I said to myself, no you're right. Why don't you just do this until they stop it. Just do this until they stop it and they never go back to it. And like the, why don't we see Bro Brunson towns pick and rolls. Yeah, I'm why Don't start There. I'm looking at his shot chart. I mean he didn't take that many shots but yeah, he only took two threes. He took a shot at the Key because he can't stop Fucking fouling Bill. You can't look at his, look at his foul chart. Dude, I'm telling you all this five fouls had nothing to do with like affecting the play defensively. Nothing to do with it. Well's Missoula did two things tonight that the Celtic fans have been calling for for a while.


One is he finally punted on poor Zenga. Listen, poor Zynga, huge part of last year's team. When he is healthy, he is a 20 point score. He's unicorny, I, we concede all that Unicorny. He's corny. Well he's unicorny too. And in this series and in this whole playoffs and really since March he's been, he's been zombie pingus. There's, he's been poor zombie, there's no other way to put it. And he's such a liability. They're playing these two big lineups that they're just getting annihilated on in the previous games. And then finally today they punted on it. They started the second app with Cornet, which is what they should have done. And the irony of the Cornet piece, he's been a really good bench guy all year. He's been good in the home games.


The crowd really likes 'em. I'm just telling you I love Cornet And they've played games, you know, they've been really careful 'cause they kind of knew they were gonna be the two seed for four months and they've been, they would have games where they didn't play Tatum. They would have games where they didn't play Brown and they had all these guys, these guys are all used to playing without one of the two stars. And Cornett was always like a big part of some of those games. So I wa I can't say I was like shocked that he played that way. Seven Blocks is shocking. But I was waiting for him to play more for a couple games. Now What, what I love about Cornett is he's a very self-aware basketball player. Totally. He never tries to do anything outside of his skillset.


You'll never see him fucking dribble the ball. You know what I mean? You'll never see him pull up for three even though he came up as like a 40% three point shooter, right? Like he, he's just never doing anything that's outside of his role and his skillset. He just doesn't do it. He's not going to make negative plays. I'm not gonna look it up, but I bet he has like four turnovers on the year. You know what I mean? Like he just, right. He just does what he's supposed to do. He knows his role Well in this game. He helped with the rebounding, which was the other big thing that changed. They just took the rebounding more seriously. Robinson was really good. Again, I have a theory, Robinson, he's had stretches during his career where you're like, why isn't this guy the next Bill?


Russell, why is it, why aren't we talking about him? Like we talk about Russell Chamberlain and Kareem, you'll catch him for four minutes and like, is this the best part of the NBA? Well I watch a lot of Mitch Robinson. I'm not a huge fan. He can't catch number one. He cannot catch the ball. Yeah. Number two, I will send you a link. There's a video of him playing like pickup against like regular humans. He looks like Kevin Durant but taller and stronger. Yeah. And I, I have a theory about Robinson, one of my favorite movies is The Prestige, right? You know the big act at the end where they're like, how, yeah. They're like how do you, how do you do this? And they're like, well I've got like a drunken twin brother. There is another Mitch Robinson that they prestige onto the free throw line.


Tonight's Robinson there. Who else? He wins six for six. Dude. Like he, he couldn't even hit the net. He couldn't even hit the net. And they were all free throws that he was making the same way where they would hit the front of the rim, bounce over and go in like it was at a carnival. He Prestige, they prestige. Mitch Robinson tonight there are two twin Mitch Robinsons Can rule, can rule it out. I, I mean I've never seen but I've never seen, I've only seen one Mitch Robinson at a time. I'm still trying to figure out how Shallow Omega got courtside. I have, I have more stuff to talk about with this game. But we gotta take a quick break.


Hey, as you know I like to create things. We worked with FanDuel on a new betting concept. We call it tail or fade. We've done it for a couple weeks in a row. We hit last week. I make a player prop pick. You either get to decide to back it, which is a tail or go against it, which is a fade. But either way you get a 50% boost either on the over or the under. So if you check out Fandel Sportsbook on Thursday for the OKC Denver game, what we did was we did Yage points rebounds, I think over 40 and a half. So if it's a combined thing gets to 41, you win the bet and you win your little 50% profit boost on that bet. I'm going over on my guy Yoic. If you wanna tail me, join me. If you wanna go against me, fade me. Whatever you wanna do. I love when the customers ride with me. They won last week by the way. Can't wait to make fun of those who fade me and lose. So for, for Thursday, yoic 40 and a half over. Go check it out. And by the way go to FanDuel dot com slash bs and you can download America's number one sports book and you can bet on lots of stuff. Not just Taylor fading me, but you Must be 21 plus in President Select states or 18 plus and President DC opt-in required bonus issued as non drawable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply, including any token expiration of max wager amount C terms@sportsbook.fan.com. Game a problem, call one 800 GAMBLER or visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by Loom, by Atlassian. Some things are just unnecessary. We see players, I don't wanna name 'em, but players who can't help get in a dumb flagrant dumb foul, dumb technical at the worst possible times and you bang your head, your hand against your head and you go, why do they do that? Why is that so unnecessary? Why don't they get it at this point? Well it's just as unnecessary as tedious business meetings. Good thing you can use Loom instead, use Loom to simultaneously record both your screen and yourself to share a quick update, to provide feedback to train a colleague, everything in between. Plus add Loom AI to your meetings for instant written notes and recordings. Try Loom right now@loom.com. That is LOO m.com.


So obviously a a pretty traumatic four, eight hours for Celtic fans. Yesterday was just awful 'cause there was no news at all. And even me, I couldn't, you know, I knew it wasn't great but nobody, I mean they just shut down. They didn't say anything. And the reason they did it was 'cause they went and they immediately put him into surgery. They just didn't wanna say anything until they found out it was successful surgery. But the longer it went on, you know, by one o'clock in the afternoon my time, I'm on threads. Like maybe it's not an Achilles maybe. Maybe it's like he tore his plant, his planter fasciitis muscle, whatever the fuck that thing is. Like who knows, may, maybe it wasn't, or maybe it's worse.


Maybe he tore his Achilles and like ankle ligaments and it was like this catastrophic and your mind just starts racing. Then all of a sudden you find out what it is and start thinking big picture. I was googling all the, you know, all the different comebacks. Kobe was eight months, came back then got hurt three weeks later, which is why I only played six games that year. Durant was longer, but everybody felt like Durant could have come back for the playoffs and just didn't. But you start, your mind's just going everywhere and there's that Jalen Brown piece of maybe with all the money that this team is due, maybe they blow it up next year. Maybe this is the summer to trade Jalen Brown.


What's he worth? You start going down Rat Road. What would people get for him? Is it worth it to trade him or could he carry the torch for a year until Tatum comes back in February? It's really split what he's worth with the Celtic fans that watch him every day. 'cause the more you see somebody, they become like your spouse where you start thinking of all this stuff like, ah, that drives me crazy when they do that and you stop seeing Can't relate. You can't relate to that all. I get it. Oh no, but he was really good tonight. And to me that's the reason not to trade him because I still feel like he's one of the 20 best guys in the league. What he did tonight is the case for like, don't blow it up.


Maybe Tatum can be back in February. Maybe you only have to shaver on the salary sides. Maybe you're a 5, 6, 7 seed. Maybe Tatum rounds into shape until April. Maybe Jalen Brown can hold this fort with the infrastructure and Missoula and the fact that the east is gonna suck. You know, I to me that this, this game is gonna make me think of that this summer. What do you think? Okay, I made a lot on you there. Sorry. No, no. I did this, this four minute, four minute. First take Intro. First of all people, the people that are listening to the The Bill Simmons Podcast want to hear that. Okay. And I'm honored to be here honored to respond to it. And I will say that I also am prepared to ask you these questions. Yeah. I never really considered the Jalen Brown trade.


I think you're too much in the weeds. I think the questions that need to be asked are, is Horford gone? Is Pinga gone? Is white gone? Is Drew Holiday gone? Like those four players not gonna Be white weight's. Only one who doesn't go wait because White's contract is, are you sure? Yeah. For what his, for what his value is and his age and all the stuff he brings to the table. I think he's one of the 40 best guys in the league. If you're making a list like when I do Ringer a hundred, he's always in the 40 to 45 range for what he's making money-wise, you have to keep him. Holiday is a Contract taking contract into account when you take Yeah, you need to make that list is contract take into account. Yeah. His His, oh that's right. He's under 30 million still. So Here's my, here's my take on like the future of the Celtics is I think that PGA is gone.


Holidays gone. Yeah, But PGA they still have to get a contract back. It's not like they could just be like, here take his contract. Ew. Well, but you still have to get some sort of money back. You're not just wiping the slate. You're getting, you're taking back like Rui Hamo or whoever, it's The, the PR people for the Celtics need to put out some sort of like poor Zingus has this thing that's gonna heal in two months and his trade value's gonna go up. But I'll say this, I think it's a Peyton Prichard play. I really think it's like it's, it's Prichard is going to bridge this gap of scoring and playmaking and things that we lose with Tatum. He's that good. Like wow, I think next year becomes like a brown Pritchard.


Yeah, it's gonna be tough. 17 points at 39 minutes. Yeah, he's good. But, but they could patch it together with the infrastructure because this team plays really well together and they have a certain style slash system. You know. But Here's question I wanna ask. Here's what question I wanna ask you that people wanna hear. What do the Celtics look like next season? I think either po Horford, depending on if he wants to chase the title or just stay in Boston, one of the most beloved Celtics teammates slash veterans they've ever had in the history of the franchise. I'd be surprised if he was like, all right, I'll see you guys later. I'm gonna play for Orlando. I guess he's gonna be 40 next year.


I don't, you know, you don't wanna start just chasing stuff. He already won the title last year. It's not like he needs a ring, but I think it's probably Pingus or Drew. That would be, I i that those would be, it would be one of those two. And Drew probably has a little more value based on what's happened to Pingus at this point. Now his contract's not great. He is got three years left after this. But the type of guy who's coming, winning guy coming in, well you try to do it. So you're trying to get somebody with less money that you're shaving. You know, if they shave $7 million off in a trade, it turns out it's like $70 million with all this repeater tax, all this. So that's, I think what they would be trying to do.


There's like bigger trades. If you wanted to go nuts where it'd be like Jalen Brown and Andrew Holiday to Houston and you get a bunch of stuff back, but you're taking $20 million less in salary and you're basically rebuilding. Wow. Those things just won championship. I know, but that's, that's why that's stuff's not gonna happen. I'm just saying like, yeah, the, the big monster, if you were playing this as a video game and it wasn't human beings and real people, you'd be like, oh, I'll just do this and I'll just build the round table. But you, they're not doing that. Especially the new owner. He's not gonna wanna come in and, and so it's a be Like Blow stuff up to save money. True Holiday, 80 cents on the dollar pingus, 25 cents in the dollar.


Or it might, it might even be as simple as Sam Hauser gets traded this summer because a lot of teams could use a, a really good three point shooter and he is not making a shooter's, not making a ton of money. And then you figure out in February where you are and whether you wanna sha salary or not. 'cause Pingus would be expiring at that point. But I can't, I think the Celtics, the Celtics, I just can't believe we're having this conversation. It was inconceivable a week ago. It sucks. It sucks. I mean, but, but they're gonna win a lot of games in the Eastern Conference with not Tatum, Jalen had 26 points, 12 assist, eight rebounds. And my fear for the game today was can't dribble. And I just, I just thought the Knicks would be like smothering him and be like, this guy can't dribble, let's go get him.


But he was pretty comfortable running the offense and, and I thought, I just thought he did a good job. I thought he was patient. He only took 17 shots. My fear was he was gonna take like 30, but he didn't And they were pretty democratic as you said with the, with the ball. So you know, it's, the question is, was this a moral victory or something more? Did they figure out something in this game that they can take? So they figured out the Cornet piece. Well they figured out ball movement, the Cornet piece and just continue to hope Towns is the complete Idiot. They figure out, they figured out that boing sucks and towns can't stop fouling people. That's what they figured out. Like, but you, I Figured out Zynga couldn't play in this series two games ago, Two games ago.


I mean, has he had a good playoff game? What's now he hasn't, the only time he's been good, there's been some decent defensive stuff where he is just had his arms up. But what do you mean the seven foot three guy put his arms in the air? Yeah and that was good. Yes, but that did I expect him to turn into, into Taco fall? I did. I didn't realize that was gonna be his new role on this team. Fall he winter. Dude, he's taco winter. Oh my god. This Jalen Brown piece though. There's no way, right? 'cause I want Tatum and Brown to retire together. I don't want them to trade Jalen Brown.


No. And yet around in the league people are like, watch Jaylen's gonna be the one who goes it's, they're gonna blow it up. And I just, I don't see it. No. So that's not people around the league, that's people like us that talking to microphones, that's just like fun to say. But why would they trade Jalen Brown? Jalen Brown's gonna be the engine that brings the train to the next station, to the next station, to the next station next year and there's 82 stops. You know what I mean? Like he is the engine of the train. He is going to drive it and sometimes it's gonna be ugly and sometimes it's gonna look great. But like if you trade Jalen Brown, who do you get back? That's gonna be like your go-to guy. It's gonna be better than him that's gonna this like, I dunno. No. And he is on the same timeline as Tatum and you won a championship fucking 11 months ago.


They won the championship. There's a parade. You know, I'm well aware 50 weeks ago, Can I, can I talk about Tatum's first eight seasons with you? First split second? 'cause I continue to think he is incredibly underrated and it sadly took a major, major injury for people to go, oh man, that guy was really good. This is too bad. See I don't think anyone took more shit unnecessarily. All he did was get better every year and really give a shit As long as you allow me to retort with how corny he is. When you're done go, Okay, there's been nine guys since the merger season who in their first eight seasons played over 20,000 minutes and scored 13,000 points or more then 3000 rebounds or more in 2000 assist or more mj, LeBron Bird, Barkley, KD Hart and Pierce Tatum and Mark McGuire.


Weirdly there's been 14 guys ever in their first eight seasons who played a hundred plus playoff games and scored at least 15 points a game in those games. Bird, Tatum, Duncan, Kobe Worthy, Kauai, Jalen, magic Parker, MCHA, Pippin, Manu and Scott and Byron Scott. And there's been a hundred guy, there's been four guys who have played a hundred playoff games in their first eight years and had 28 and four as their stats, 20 points game eight rebounds, forces, LeBron, wilt, bird, Elgin and Tatum. What was so interesting about his career from a historical standpoint was how much postseason, mileage and success that he had. He is 72 playoff wins.


He is just turned 27. It's so in like Jordan didn't have nearly that many playoff wins by the time he was 27. Like even, you know, LeBron didn't have a hundred wins by the time he was 27. So he was amassing this career that one of the best things about it was the durability and the fact that year after year he was playing into May in June potentially. And he was on a really good team in a good spot. And he was I think one of the three most durable guys of this century. Him and Giannis and LeBron where it almost seemed like an accident if they even like sprained their ankle, him and LeBron, him and LeBron taking Giannis outta that. Well Bian had to, he had one where he like fell and like broke bone in his back and you know, but for the most part Playoff availability.


Yeah, I know what you mean. Yeah, yeah. And in a minute that's all gone. But I just, I just thought that first eight years he had was really crazy. I never thought about it until that injury. I will also say to be nice about Tatum, different running mates throughout the runs, right? Like there's like the Isaiah Thomas season, you know, there's the scary Terry season. There's just like a lot of different elements that he's always been the, the, the constant variable in the equation where everything else sort of changed and he still had this consistent output. Another thing I'll say, but nice about Tatum, not a lot of duds, you know what I mean? Right? He look a lot of these star players and there's a couple duds out there. You're like, oh yeah, like remember game two in the second round series where he was like win four for 25.


Like, like he doesn't have those games. He has ups and downs, but he doesn't have like dud dud games And it'll always bring defense and rebounding and he'll help the game in other ways even if a shot isn't going in. And the thing, as a non former Celtics fan, I'll say I love Larry Bird growing up and here's a question I have for you is why can't I like connect to him as a person? Like why do I think he's corny? Why do I think that he's inauthentic? Like I was reminded by co-host of the Mismatch Veno when they won last year. There was that like clip together of him sort of like cosplaying all these other Kobe moments and like Kevin Garnet moments like, like why don't I connect to him as a person?


I know nothing about his personality other besides from the fact that he has a son named Deuce. Like why do I think that he's Corning inauthentic? I'm asking you that question, not because I'm trying to accuse him of something or insult him. I just want you to put me on the couch and tell me why I feel that way. Well, so I would argue the Celtic fans feel the opposite. Like he's a beloved Celtic and I think the reason he is beloved is 'cause all he does is like work his ass off, try to get better, be a good example. Doesn't, doesn't ever say anything controversial, doesn't ever get in any kind of trouble obviously. And all he is is just additive in all these different ways. And I think when you watch it day in and day out, that's what you notice when you're a fan of the team.


I think if you're not a fan of the team and you're judging people by, are they interesting? Are they up and down? Can I have conversations about them? There's just not a lot of Tatum conversations, but like he's not as nearly as good as Tim Duncan who's one of the, I have him as the seventh best player. But Tim Duncan used to take a lot of the same shit. He wasn't as interesting as Kobe, remember he wasn't as fun to watch as Steve Nash. He wasn't, he didn't care as much as kg, he wasn't as vocal. And there were always, every time he got compared to anybody, even now all these ex-player podcasts, they always shit on Dunking or they, you know, go out of their way to talk about, oh no, Kobe was better, Kobe was way better.


You know? But I just think some guys do that. You don't think? No, I think it's, I think it's, it kind of goes into like the ex-player pods where it's like he's really good at basketball. Maybe he's not the best in the press conference. Maybe he's not gonna make you laugh. You know what I mean? Like maybe he's not Peyton Manning, he is gonna host SNL, but like Right. We, that's not why we love him. We love him 'cause he is a basketball player, so why do we knock him for not being a great personality? But did you Think LeBron was like the most personable guy on the planet the first eight, nine years of his career? This was even a knock on him during that time where people were like, I don't, I mean, I could choose seven, I dunno, the personality Hour podcast about LeBron's personality. Like I don't even, I don't even know where to start.


Well, nobody, we, Nobody could get a handle on him for the first almost. And really until like the second or third Miami years, I, I don't, I don't know who LeBron James is, dude, I don't that, I don't even, that's A, wanna start down that path. I don't wanna start down that path, but like We always had like KG, Anthony Edwards, those are the kind of players that people seem to gravitate to. Of course. They're like Anthony, the I've seen They're all seem authentic. Yeah. And they're, and they're fucking awesome and you wanna hang out with them and they make you laugh and they're just, you're like, they're cool. They like, they sit at the lunch table that you are not allowed to sit at. Right. That's where I like my professional athletes, I want my professional athletes to be at the table in, in the cafeteria that I'm scared to look at and I'm never allowed to sit at.


Right. You know what I mean? And I feel like Tatum's not there and I'm not knocking him for it. I'm just talking about it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well it's not the first time I've heard that. I think my argument for Tatum is he doesn't try to be anything. He is not, you know, he's not trying, he doesn't wanna host SNL and none. He doesn't wanna be in an Adam Sandler movie. He doesn't wanna do any of that stuff. He just wants to Give be 25 and 10 and six. Yeah. So that's what I'm gonna do. Yeah. Number two up Too. I mean one of the things some of the, some of the like little stealth convos I've had are just people worried about removing basketball from his life. How's he gonna handle the next four or five months? He's never had a major injury. He's been hooping basically since he was grown up in St. Louis. Everything is about like trying to get better, trying to get better, trying to catch people, trying to hit different levels and trying to be one of the 10 best players in the league.


Trying to be one of the best five, trying to win a title. Can I be the best player in the league? And not only is that chase over, but your body's been like really injured for the first time. How are you gonna handle that? You know? And I think the good thing for him is Co Kobe was his idol, which you mentioned before. But Kobe had the exact same injury and really documented what it was like to have that injury and how he fought back from it and how he, you know, the work starts now, how great do you wanna be? And I don't know, he, he weirdly laid like the bible for how to attack something like this for somebody like Tatum. There's two pieces of information that we got today that I found really telling and I found kind of like brought me into the Tatum psyche and circle, which I loved.


Yeah. One was Marcus Spears, not my favorite Marcus Spears swag. I love the other Marcus Spears, but I love the football Marcus Spears. So, so you talk about Marks in Person's the basketball one. Yes. Yeah, the basketball one. He said that he spoke with Tatum's father who's a coaching in Malaysia or whatever and he, and he was allowed to talk about his conversation with his father about his conversation with Jason and his father said to Jason Tatum, he said, your idol is Kobe Bryant. Hmm. Your idol is Kobe Bryant. That's the path you wanted to go down. And this is part of the path. And that's not a, a direct quote, but I found that to be like as a father and you know what I mean? I thought that was like a really cool thing to say and I'm really glad that Spears got that information to share with us.


Another thing, I dunno if you heard this part of the broadcast is Reggie said he texted with Tatum. Mm. And he sort of like read the texts on the broadcast and I was sitting there, I felt it was like, I felt it like a violation of trust, but obviously Reggie texted him. Yeah. And Tatum sort of sent this message to Celtics fans and it was while they were like up by 20 in the end of the third quarter and he was like, and I can't, again, can't paraphrase, he is gonna just washed it, you know, 40 minutes ago. But he's, he's like, Jason Tib said he can't wait to get back into the Celtic Green and he's gonna show the fans how much that means to him. And as someone who sat on a pretty popular podcast 10 minutes ago and was like, I don't understand this guy, don't get his personality and try to critique him in that way, those two pieces of information getting into my brain was so fucking cool.


Yeah. You know what I mean? Like the idea that like his dad gave him this guidance when he's said probably the worst day of his life and that he texted Reggie knowing it's gonna get read on the broadcast in front of millions of people. That this message to Celtics fans about his appreciation of his, his position in the sport. I thought that was a really cool thing to hear today when there's been so much information about how long the injury's gonna take and what's it gonna be like when he comes back and what does the seller do with the roster. Like hearing that from him, I found touching. Hmm. Well he's one of those guys within the organization Absolutely. Beloved. Just, you know, you have a lot of different people over the years who could be the face of a franchise and he's really embraced it.


He is embraced the relationships with the guys who used to be on the team, the former stars and just kind of gets, it gets, you know, he came in when he was 19 and just kind of gets that this is a slightly different franchise than the usual franchise that has a lot of history and a, you know, a lot of baggage, good and bad. But I, it's, it's the bummer for this is it took him getting injured, I think for people to appreciate, you know, people, especially in this day and age, you're picking apart, you're picking apart, this guy doesn't do this, this guy doesn't, you know, you know what it does. He is the fourth best guy in the league and he was still getting better and he was playing probably the best all around game of his career in the game that he got hurt and there was still room for him to get better and better.


And now who knows if he hit that limit or not. Durant came back and I felt like he was just about where he left in that 21 playoffs against Milwaukee. Right. Yeah. But like scoring wise, it felt like he came back. So that would be the hope. And it seems like they caught it pretty early, but man, I, I was thinking it has to be one of the worst NBA injuries from a, from a hitting a guy at a certain point of his career and also what it meant to like a team like Bill Walton hurting his foot. That probably changed the course of a couple titles. Spent a couple of these Derek Rose, it's Derek Rose's one where it felt like that was the team that was positioned to battle LeBron for the 2000 tens.


And then he's just gone. So we've had these S Samson in 86 when he fell and hurt his back. He was never really the same after that. There's been a few of these, but it's hard to remember like a first team ONBA guy just getting wiped out. Not just a Brandon Roy, Brenda. He wasn't as good as Tatum though. You know, they like Tatum's been first team NBA four years in a row. And one of the things that was, was so amazing about him is it felt like he was indestructible. You just felt like just pencil in for 39 minutes a game and he'll get 13 rebounds in every game. So it's a tough one.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. Every basketball team that's still alive in the playoffs has one thing in common. Their key trades and signings throughout the season paid off giving each team the talent needed to make a run at the championship. With a small business, your success directly depends on the new talent you add to your team. And a great place to find that talent is linked in. They know hiring is a big deal for small businesses, not only because small businesses are wearing so many hats, but also because every hire is crucial for a growing company. That's why LinkedIn pairs you with the best candidates using data you won't find anywhere else from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. So find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. Post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra. What do I look forward to every NBA playoffs season? Well, I'm always hoping the Celtics do well. I'm always hoping we have great storylines. Great games, great matchups, great game sevens. I just hope for good basketball. But the NBA playoffs, they're even better with Michelob Ultra, the official beer partner, the NBA plus. They're getting fans closer to the game with a chance to win courtside tickets and more. Enter now at michelob bocher.com/courtside. Michelob bocher superior access Courtside 2024 to 25 sweepstakes, no purchase necessary. Open to US residents. 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit michelob belcher.com/superior access slash courtside for free entry. Enter deadlines and official rules. Message and data rates may apply. Void where prohibited. The only thing I can compare To, here's what, here's what your listeners wanna know.


Here's what your listeners wanna know. Yeah, How's it been for you the last four, eight hours? Like whatcha going through? I dunno. Like we've talked about what Jason Tatum's going through, but like people listen to this podcast, they care about Bill Simmons. You know it's the bill, this podcast like what have you been doing the last four, eight hours Yesterday? I was brutal. What Happened? Take me through It. I was just farting around all day. I did a power walk. I was on Twitter. I was just basically refreshing Twitter waiting for the word and checking my texts. Now you, when you get older as a sports fan, it starts reminding you of things that happen. So the obvious one was the Brady ACL. That's the only other time I remember. And then when Cam Neely got hurt in the Pittsburgh series and then when I was in college, that was another one.


But, but at that point we didn't know he was gonna, he was gonna change his career. What is the most like intrusive thought that you had? Well I think the Brady one was the worst one. 'cause that was when you just start thinking in terms of, alright, this is how long it's actually gonna be versus when you're younger and it's like, oh, it could be back in February, he'll be fine. But you're like, no, this is actually probably two years and the whole team might be different and maybe they missed their window. And then you start thinking about windows. Like Was there ever a part of you that was like, maybe next year it doesn't help us to win basketball games? Oh, I definitely had that thought. I don't know how you don't, especially with the financial stuff and the money and, but they're So good.


I know. Well, they just pick the niche then you start thinking the window of like from 22, 23, 24, 25. They make the finals in 22 and courage just goes to another level and and they're not ready yet. They lose 23, they get to the game seven against Miami. I'll still, I'll always wonder what would've happened if Tatum doesn't sprain his ankle in the first 40 seconds of the game. 'cause I still feel like I just thought he was gonna be awesome that game. 24, they win this year. Cleveland gets bounced, they have a chance. Like, you know, but here's the other thing. The Knicks were about to go up three one in that series with Tatum, like The Knicks, they were winning anyway. Like as Knicks fan of, I think were gonna win.


I mean, I wish he never got hurt, but I feel like the Knicks win this series with Tatum not getting hurt. And that's a whole hypothetical, we don't have to go down. But one thing that I heard on this podcast from you, they Might have won the, they might've won the key game in the series before, during the, right before he got hurt. It was already over there. Were down seven, turned the ball over. OG was getting that, OG was getting that little ball. Ball Nine Going up nine. Yeah. It's like, and with Brunson, like please, that's a, that's a win of free. They're winning. But I was listening to this stupid podcast driving back from upstate like it was a pandemic. Might have been like, it's not the bubble, maybe it was the bubble or the year after the bubble. And you were talking about the Celtics and just how like fickle the windows are, you know what I mean? You were just talking about like it was, I think it was, I think it was the, I can't remember if it was the bubble year or the year after the bubble, but you were talking during the playoffs around this time of year just about like, hey man, with these windows like you think you got a chance next year, but like, you really don't like this.


Like sometimes it's a six month window, sometimes it's a two year window. And I think that this injury and this moment is just a, a good example of that. The Celtics are favorites to win the East, if not the championship. They're they're the what number two seed. But we all like secretly know that they're the best This the best team in the Eastern conference. Yeah. And we're talking about repeat championships and then this happens and we're talking about should they win games next year or tank for a pick. Like that's just how fragile these things are. Yeah, I remember writing About it. How much KC make the finals in 12. They do the hard and trade Westbrook gets injured in 13, in 14 San Antonio beats.


And then all of a sudden they get to the Clay Thompson game, clay gets, catches fire. They lose that in seven. And they had this stretch of like, oh, that team's gonna be in the finals the whole decade. And they won one finals game the entire, like the over under was probably 10 finals games. They won one At least. At least there was a Clay Thompson game as a Knicks fan. I'm gonna look back and be like, and then Luke came in for game P to start the second half. That's the thing. And he blocked seven shots and we couldn't stop him. He's caught an AlleyOOP. It was Fucking nuts. And then the Sears Flipped. Yeah. And I think it was Luke Cornett Bald as point. But thing, you talk about Windows, I would say this is the window for the Knicks is almost more dramatic. They, the Celtics get nudged out of this.


Potentially Cleveland's out. You have Indiana now and I think you have home court, right? Yeah. You home court This? Yeah. What do you think, dude? Yeah, And then you just think like, all right, OKC not afraid of them Young Team Brunson versus SGA head to head. We could take that. Or whether it's Minnesota, but yeah, I mean the Knicks have never had a window that looked as good as this. Even in 99, they, they had no chance in that Spur series, you Know, which They weren ever winning. They had no chance. That Heat series dude. Yeah, they they won it. The One the the one. What if, I mean the obvious what if with the Rockets in 94, but the, the bigger what if for me is that 93 bull series I they were every bit as good as the 93 bowls.


Oh yeah. And they were right there. Yeah. And that was an either or series and you could drive yourself crazy with that. But this is an amazing chance for them. In, In the first round in 93, they beat the Pacers 94 conference finals Pacers, they beat the Pacers 95 second round. I know you know all this, but I just wanna set this up as a potential Knicks Baer series. Second round, the Pacers winning a game seven. That's, that's 3, 4, 5. They go head to head 98, second round the Pacers beat to begin 99. The Knicks win in the conference finals like that. And then it not just like last year and then in 2000 the Pacers beat them.


Like Pacers is not like, I think this is like people hype up like Celtics Knicks as a rivalry, but they don't really meet in the postseason. Like I think if the Knicks have a rival it is the Pacers. Yeah. Which is so weird. But I mean there was one of the first 30 for thirties. It was made about the Knicks Pacers mid nineties rivalry. It's a real, it's a real thing that exists. But by the way, it was a really good documentary. Who directed that? My guy. Right? Dan? My guy Dan Clore. Yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. And Hicks person this, did they interview Jalen? They must have Yeah. Jaylen's in that. Yeah. He Must be, He must. T t's Jalen Rose, T t's Jalen Rose Killing it. Racing. Racing. Dwight Howard to the Monitor.


Dwight Dwight's and slippers. Whatcha are even doing, whatcha even doing. Yeah. Whatcha are doing? Dwight Whatcha are doing? What, what, what Whatcha doing Dwight Whatcha doing there Dwight? How about, how about that Question? And I think that I, again, like I revisited last year's Pacers Knick series and if there is a Pacer Knicks finals, it's Easter NCE finals, which I believe there will be. It's, it, it was a lot closer than I remember. And OG getting hurt was huge. Brunson getting hurt. Like it wasn't just, yeah. I just feel like it's a good matchup. And I've, and I've listened to your stupid pod and I know you're all pacers all the time and like all the basketball people are so excited about the Pacers. But I think the Knicks should be and and will win that series if it comes down to it. FanDuel updated their Knicks Celtics odds. Oh God.


And the Knicks are now minus two 70. They were at think minus six 20 heading into today's game. The Celtics were minus 900 before the, the series started. They lost One. And this is the volatility of this for the playoffs. I mean for the conference. Knicks are plus 1 25 and Indiana is also plus 1 25. It's, so I just Think that I, I would hate that this goes down as like the series where Tatum got hurt. 'cause I really liked it as the series where the nick shit, the bed in game one at home and shit, the bed in game two at home and then Dnad in the pool and game four. That was my favorite. That was my part. The DNA in the pool game. Tatu a pool game. Well, what's crazy about game four, the Tatum injury puts a little bit of a black cloud over what would've been one of the great Knicks wins ever.


And still is. Oh, what A great dude Of the great games. But now, Now you had this Friday night game six ticket in New York City, which I think will be the hardest Knicks ticket to get. I don't even know when, I don't know if the demand for the 99 finals was even up there because it just feels like there's more Knicks fans down. There's two new generations of Knick fans since 99. Everyone's gonna wanna be at this game and it's gonna be an incredible game. I've got a couple things on that. One is I wanted to go to game four because we were doing the Mismatch after the game and I was like, it'd be good, good for the show, whatever. And I was like, you know, I've, I've got some expendable money, I'll just do it.


It was like $900 to sit like in the last row. Yeah. I just couldn't bring myself, it is 900. Like I just can't, like I've got children. Like I just can't do it. And another story I wanna tell about game two is they have the watch party outside of the garden. Right. They kind of like, there's a little plaza there, just like most places do, like beer garden in Milwaukee or whatever. And I was doing the Spotify new fronts shout to the sales Spotify people. Yeah. And I did that event and it, it was right next to that watch party. And it was like the second quarter I went to a bar by the garden and I had a couple beers and watched the game and they started to come back and I was like, you know what I'm gonna do? I'm gonna see if they win and I'm gonna go to the watch party.


'cause you've seen the stuff on social from that area. Yeah. And I went there and I was super excited about the energy from the Knicks fans and everything. But it was really a commentary on like the content creation generation because everyone was there with their phones out to create content for social to Show people that they were there. Yeah, It was me too. I did the exact same thing. But it's not this, like, I remember me and Kevin Wildes went to seventh Avenue outside the Riviera after the, the Red Sox beat the Yankees and seventh Avenue was shut down. It was all Red Sox fans. And we were all there together just high fiving each other being a big family.


And it was before video was on the internet, so we weren't like capturing things with our phones. And again, I'm not, I sound like an old guy or whatever, but like when I went to this one, I was doing the same thing. It was just kind of like, who's got the best shot for my Instagram story? So you're looking, you're cruising the crowd being like, who's the most excited? Who's got the best chance? Who can I film for this, this moment? So I think that when you view it and you're not there, it's a very different experience than living it. You know what I mean? It'd be like if you were telling me that story right now and I was like, yeah, hold on Jacob. Yeah. It's like, It's exactly what it was like and it was kinda like, I get it. I'm guilty. I did it too. I'm not being critical.


It was just like a, it's just a different time. It's like when you go to a concert and people are just like filming the concert. Like there's professional cameras like there. If you wanna watch this later, you can do that. How about you just chill and watch it Now I'm always, I always find that amazing. You know, I go to a few basketball games and people will tape like the national anthem, they'll record this is being filmed like the cheerleaders. They're like, yeah cheerleaders. And it's like This is all being recorded by professionals. I was actually getting mad the game Four Equippers nuggets, which Yoki played one of the best games I've seen in person in a long time. And there were a couple influencers sitting in front of us just oblivious to it and try just hoping that the game would be close so they could tape the thing and then do this.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I'm just, I just wanted to like, just hit them over the head with a Coke can. It's just like, how can you not focus on, this guy is one of the best basketball players of the last 30 years and he's like painting a masterpiece right now. And you guys are fucking on TikTok. Yeah. Get off our lawn Jacobi. We Sound like old guys and I get it, but it's like I paid a thousand dollars to watch them do their thing. But you really paid a thousand dollars to like film yourself watching them do their thing for the people that are following you or whatever. And who's watching this video in 40 years. Like your kids are like, oh yeah, I'm still deleting dad's iCloud. He's at some clipper game just taking photos of the cheerleaders We're putting on Instagram stories.


It literally disappears in 24 hours. Yeah. We in 24 Hours. Speaking of Yage, I was so bummed. I just, I just love that guy. Dude. I was so bummed out last night, the first three plus quarters, that was unbelievable watching him do that to OKC where he's deciding every moment of every situation and just single-handedly dragging the nuggets to the finish line. And then it just came down to Lou do it, made a couple shots. Jalen Williams made a three that I never thought was going in and the nuggets missed. Basically every open shot they took and all of a sudden nuggets were going home and they look like they're screwed. It's So I don't wanna make this too reductive. Right.


But doesn't it just come down to a coach decides who we're gonna leave open? Yeah. And whether or not that person makes the shot. You know what I mean? It's like very reductive. It's like we're gonna leave Ludo open. It is like, oh, Porter Junior, he's got a hurt shoulder hasn't hit, we're gonna leave him open. Porter Junior in Westbrook. Like it barely hit the rim in the fourth quarter. Well, with Russ, they're like, yo, did you see that Ramona story about Russ with the unnamed teammate? Let's leave him open. Porter's got one arm. Russ is pissed about the story. We'll leave him open if that Peyton, Peyton Watson comes in, leave him open, str open. You're just pointing at guys that just, they're gonna be open. And the the Jim Williams one, it hit the front room in the back room, went in, like he looked a little surprised after it went into I, if you had freeze frame that and it was the biggest shot of the game Front rim, I would've said 10% odds.


I didn't think I I you would've, you could've talked me into an air ball or it hits the side of the backboard before it hits the rim. I just thought, no chance. But he is pretty good in that game. I still dont trust Him. But I think, I think it's also worth mentioning the SGA three when they're up by three. Oh yeah. And he, he, they go under the screen and he's just like, you motherfucker, I'm the MVP. Yeah, you're gonna let me shoot this. And that one didn't touch the rim at all. That was pure. And that was a dagger. That was a night night shot. And the one thing I wanna say about Yoic, which I was sos when he had that offensive rebound, when he tipped it to himself to put it back in, he's like, you motherfuckers can't even hit a shot. I'm gonna go down there and do everything. I'm just gonna do everything.


I'm gonna make dinner. He's like, when our clean the dishes, yeah, I'm gonna make dinner, I'm gonna clean the dishes. I'm gonna put the, oh you didn't Clean up after we ate. I'll clean up. You started dishes flying around. That's Exactly what was happening. He's just like, you know what, you're not an asset. Yeah. The rest of you four are not an asset to me. But don't worry, I got this. And he almost did. Yeah. The coach afterwards was talking about how, you know, I had to play a little Russian roulette there basically with the Oak Age. So I just had to keep 'em out there and keep our fingers crossed. It's like, yeah. 'cause what else were you gonna do? The, the moment he comes out, you're gonna be minus 10 the second he steps outta the game. It's weird. I felt that, first of all, I thought that was the best playoff game I think of the whole playoffs just from a quality play Standpoint.


I Nick, I thought Nick Celtics game four was, that was Exciting game. This was like exceptionally well played. Like the, the like Execution Shirt defense. The execution was just went to a whole other level. I'm sorry, but when Westbrook has two air balls and Michael Porter Jr. Has two air balls. No, I get it. It's hard for me to talk about like the execution, But I was just thinking about all the stuff Yoko had to just see and deal with. It was like a quarterback just being blitzed every play, just trying to figure out what to do. So weirdly, like if like I voted for him for MVP, I feel better that I voted for him after watching that game. But SGA was equally awesome down the stretch and showed all the reasons why if you voted for him, you'd feel good about that. Right. He is got a good team, but when they really needed him, he made just about every play it felt like to help him.


So it was weird to watch a game where both guys won. They had that moment where they kind of traded baskets for a second. And I was like, this is what a great MVP race that was. 'cause both of these guys are incredible. And Yoic is, there's just nobody like this. They, you know, I keep talking about in the pods. They we're just, we're not gonna see anything like this again for a while. Well, one of the things I loved about that Yoic performance was the four eight hours between game four and game five was turn over to assist ratio. And Right. The, the worst he's ever shot from the field. It was this kind of like, have the thunder solve the yoic problem. And you've watched enough Yoic, you're like, okay guys. Yeah, we'll we'll see if you've solved the people have been trying to solve the Yoic problem for three years now.


Right. Like, there, there, you cannot solve the yo problem. It's like Matt Damon in good hunting in the chalkboard. It's like, there you cannot do it. It's impossible. Well, You know, It's, he approaches basketball. It's like when you, when you watch golf and they talk about Scotty Shuffler, I don't watch that 24th last week fix something in his swing. And he said he was leaning back a little bit on his drives and then it'll just rip a drive straight down the fairway. And they're like, oh yeah, he fixed his swing. Yoic is like doing that during a series where it's like Nicole Yoki didn't have a great game for, he noticed some things in the tape, he fixed his whatever. And then it's just like he's completely solved O KC who's doing the same thing.


But now, instead of, instead of speeding him up, making him do things he doesn't wanna do, he is just, he's just on it Like he is got them on a fucking yo-yo, I, I thought, I just thought he was so awesome in that game. It's a much more fun series If Denver wins that game and we get to really see OKC with their backs to the wall Under pressure. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, okay guys, go to Denver. Let's see if you could win this one. Cleveland was in a similar situation yesterday and they just cratered from it. They couldn't handle it. It Was, it was a full fledge cratering. I think think there's a good parallel there between Yogi and Mitchell where it's like, I'm standing on my head here guys, I'm giving you 40 plus.


You know what I mean? Yeah. Like, I got like, Mitchell's hurt. He, and like, he didn't play great, but remember in the, in the, what was it, the fourth quarter, he had like three straight threes. He's just like, guys like, I just need some help. Like Max Stru, like do something like Michael Porter Jr. Do just so I'm not asking you Jerome Superstars all these guys who good in the regular season, dude something. Do something guys. Yeah. You know what I mean? And, and remember, I'm sure you remember the Celtic series last year was a similar thing with Mitchell. It was just like, again, there's guys out, Garland was out and, you know, but like, it's, it's just hard. You just, these guys need more help. They need more help. It Happened him in Utah too. I'm wondering maybe it's him, maybe it's not the sporting cast. No, no. I, I love Mitchell. Maybe he's just eating too much of the food in the fridge and everybody else is just hungry and forgets how to eat.


I don't think that's theory. That's how it works. But one of the things I love about Yoic is like, my kids don't care about basketball at all. Yeah. And they come into the room when I'm watching and I'm like, do you see that like slow kind of fat guy? I'm like, that's the best basketball player on the planet. They're like, that guy. I'm like, guy. And it's not even close guy. He's definitely the best guy. He's like the best. We don't Even about don't argue about the board. He's just like, they're like that guy right there. I'm like, yeah, yeah. I'm like, watch, just watch. And they're like, do some slow weird stuff. Like I thought The scratches on his arms. Yeah. I love it. I love it. All right. Jacobs Friday night, we'll see with the Knicks, it's perfect situation for them.


I'm sure they're gonna learn some things from this tape. I'm sure Luke t's not gonna do that again. I'm sure they're gonna attack Jalen Brown a little differently, but still some pressure. I, I'm terrified They've been down 14 plus in every single game of the series, including today. That's, that's, that's a fact that I can't dispute. But I feel really good about the next chances on Friday night. Alright. Timothy Chalamet and his girlfriend will not let us loose. When is the mismatch taping Mismatch tapes Thursday after that Thunder Nuggets game. And Veno has done a really good job of just really entrenching him in this, like the thunder are too young and they need to go through their playoffs scars and they can't Oh, I like it. There's no way they can beat the nuggets.


They've been there before. Championship pedigree and like, he's really, really rooted deep, deep down in this take in a way that I'm scared to do as someone who does this for a living. And I'm really proud of him. But it's gonna be a fun pod afterwards. 'cause he's either gonna be really, really right or really, really wrong. Well, There you go. I'm, he was really wrong about Memphis. He, he thought Memphis had a window. They never even bought the window. No. You and you and him have something in common. Yeah. Is when you guys are wrong about a take, you go straight into excuse mode. Right. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like this Too. He from the master. Yeah. You do this too. It's, it's all Oh, it's because, well, John Marin got hurt.


I mean, I didn't know John Morran was gonna go down. Right. I didn't know Steph Curry was gonna get hurt. It's always like, I'm right. But these extraneous circumstances created an environment in which I was wrong. It's not my fault. It's the world's fault. It's smart. It's a great way to play it. It's a good move. Dave Jacoby, we gotta do another re watchable at some point too. People are still bringing up Project X. This is one of the highlights of their lives. Yeah, I know. All right. Good to see you my friend. Good to see you too.


This episode is presented by State Farm on the basketball court. The best players know when to pass and off the court. You still need teammates who are there when accounts. That's where State Farm comes in with agents to help you find coverage that's right for you. You can focus on what really matters, whether that's hitting game winners or just getting through the day. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm coverage Options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats Summer is almost here. And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no. A banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. No, but a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. Nope. A box of fine wines. Yeah. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Region C app for details.


All right. We're recording this on a Monday, but it's gonna run Wednesday. Kathy Engelberg is here. WNBA Commissioner. Pretty exciting season coming ahead, including a new San Francisco expansion team. As you know, my life with the WNBA has been complicated because I was not a fan for a long time. And then as the years passed, really started to get into it the last couple years and I, I, I don't think I'm alone in that. Right. How many new fans or converted fans have drifted in the last couple years that you've seen? You've seen? Yeah, definitely tens of millions. So yeah, we were, you know, back when I joined we were at the, you know, kind of on the outskirts of professional sports back in 2020.


And then the pandemic, we held a season in a bubble down at IMG Academy and then just raised some capital in early 2022, which gave confidence, I think, to our owners to start investing and build on the momentum. And then we got this amazing rookie class led by Caitlin Clark last year. Yeah. And so, yeah. So yes, and, and the quality of the game Bill has really advanced enormously since I certainly played the game when there was no women's professional sports basketball league. So I, I do take it with great responsibility that we are the longest tenured women's professional sports league in the US by double any other, but you know, we've arrived for sure. Yeah.


It feels like when the whole Steph Cori era of how basketball, basketball got a little smaller, the shooting expanded out, there was more slash and kick stuff. And I think that's helped the league more than anything for WNBA. Like when you go back and you look at the games from 20, 25 years ago and they were resembling, you know, everybody had like big players and you're trying to post up and establish, and now when you watch it, like the, the, the pace of it's better the skills bet. Like I, I just, I like, I went to a finals game and I was like blown away by, by the quality of it. And also there's a bunch of good players. You're in like a really nice little talent boom here, right?


Yeah. And then you had this rookie class, The finals, you know, Asia Wilson and if he's a Collier and just, you know, you know, to add into the rookie. And we have another great rookie class off of our draft this year with Paige Becker's and Kiki Efen, and I mean personalities, like huge personalities too. So I think that has arrived, but literally there's so much, we we're hitting this confluence in women's sports and the WNBA, we were kind of ahead of the curve in raising that capital back in 22. Now there's so much capital coming in and yeah. Meeting partners and corporate partners and you know, it's led to kind of major investments on the player development side. So when you have build that confidence in a business model that's gonna work in a sustainable, which is what I've been brought into do, it's you, you see the benefits of that, the returns of that.


And then you see, you know, some, a an athlete, a generational athlete like Caitlin, I analogize it to the Tiger Woods effecting golf. Yeah. And just her followership and, and then the rivalry she came in with against Angel recent LSU Iowa and now Paige Becker's coming in from Yukon off of championship. So, but we, we had great players for many, many dec for a couple decades. But now I think with social media, with NIL, with them having brands when they come in and followership and just the quality of the game, I can't say enough about that too. Yeah. It's the old school model that I'm sure we both grew up with, where you would watch the players in college for a couple years, they would come to the NBA, you'd feel like you knew him.


You know, like Ewing was at Georgetown for four years. It was like I, I knew that guy by the time he got to the Knicks and the NBAI think the one thing, not that the NB is doing badly, but the one thing that they lost a little bit as the one and done era started was just not having these guys would come in and they would go to bad teams and you know, for every Anthony Edwards there will be other guys that might show up on a team, not make the playoffs for five years. You just didn't have this same connection. You have this advantage now that, I mean the, you're using college basketball as this amazing feeder system, you know, like when Juju got hurt during the tournament, it was like, ah, like was so, I was so excited to see if she, what, what team she'd be if she was gonna come out for the draft, what team she might go for.


But you just feel like a different connection. So Paige Becker's, I feel like she's been in college for forever, whereas like Cooper Flag was at Duke for six months, you know. Yeah, no, it's a, it's a very good point. And the other thing is the brands are seeing the value of these athletes staying in college because again, under our current CPA, you have to be 22 by the end of the calendar year in which you get drafted if you're in the US university system. Yeah, right. So Juju couldn't even come out. Yeah. She couldn't come out. She would've waited one more year. She's always a sophomore. Right, right. So we wish her, well, she's gonna be an amazing player in the WNBA someday, but obviously had that injury during NCAA tournament. But yeah, so I, I do think that brands get to know them, fans get to know them, they come out and they thrive in the WI mean as hard as, and as competitive as the w is, they not only have a, a local and kind of regional brand like they have in college, but then they have a national and it actually now a global brand.


Yeah. So I think it's kind of cool to watch that. Well, and then the number two pick in the draft, the YouTube clips were nuts. And it, it seemed like one of those things, like obviously Becker's gonna go first. She's famous. Like you, you could build a franchise around her and she's excellent and she's won everywhere she's been. Then you have this French kid that when you watch that I did, I did a token YouTube deep dive on her. I was like, I'm not quite sure I've seen this before. Women's basketball. So how do you like market somebody like that? Yeah. So Dominique Munga is her name. She was drafted number two to the Seattle storm and our GMs are really smart. They're looking at the global talent pool. Yeah. I think four of our top 12 picks this year were players born outside the United States.


So including one that was in the, the university system from Australia. But it's incredible what Dominique, she, I mean, again, I, I met her at the draft, but we brought her over from France. But you know what she's doing effortlessly around her athleticism dunking. So we'll see, she'll help lift Seattle and we're gonna have a lot of parity in the league this year, bill. Right. I mean it's not just gonna be two teams like it's been in the past or three, I think six, seven teams are really gonna compete hard for the championship this year. Yeah. With her like the dunking, everybody gets excited if a woman's sport dunk. This is going back to like, you know, the eighties, the way she moves is just different. And that to me, when I was watching, I was like, I don't know if I've seen a player navigate the court like this at this size.


So that'll be fun. You know, you mentioned how the league's in this awesome place right now, right? You 13, you have the San Francisco team is gonna be launching, I think you have Portland and Toronto coming down the road. Yep. Next Year. Portland and Toronto. So it's gonna be 15. 15. Yep. So we're looking at, I've, I've kind of talked about getting to 16 by no later than the end of 28. And well, So let's talk about that though. Because the history of when professional sports leagues grow and things start to get a little good and then they start expansion for a couple re expanding. 'cause you get the expansion fees, there's interest, there's money in there. What's the, what's the right number of teams?


Because for me, IIII don't think it should be more than 16. Like I'm really hoping that you don't, all of a sudden you're at 24 and you end, end up in a situation where the, the teams, you know, everybody just has one good player and that's it. Like how, how do you know what the right number is? It's excellent timing to be talking about it. 'cause we do have so much interest from some great cities and I, I knew when I joined the league when technology's driving so much of your economy and you don't have a team in the Bay Area, San Francisco that we needed to to fix first and then Toronto and Portland and Toronto is such a great sports market. And after that Raptors win, when I was actually being courted to come into the WNBA, the Raptors won the NBA championship that year.


And so I knew Toronto would be a great place, Portland great place for women's sports. So you, I I think you're right Bill, You don't wanna degradate the quality of the game by bringing in too many teams too fast. That's why people thought like my first thing I should have done is when I came in was expansion. And I said, no, we've got a lot of transformation of the business model, the economic model. We gotta build confidence in this league, bring investment into this league and capital, get our owners all on the same page. And so that's what we've done and now it's time to expand, which you're gonna see the Aries this year out at, out in San Francisco. Really? That's Gonna be a home run. Yeah, they already, they like sold out right away. Right? They, yeah, They have, they have more season ticket holders than any team in the history of the WNBA.


And what's really interesting Bill, and this tells you about the w less than 5% of those season ticket holders are Golden State Warrior season ticket holders. But they're owned by the same ownership group they're gonna play in Chase Center. Yeah, that's an amazing stat because we know that our, you know, we, we have such a great fan base and it just brings in a whole new fan base, a whole new media market for us. Same with Toronto having kind of the country of Canada. So you know, more to come, but you're right, we're, we're currently evaluating and really putting together an analysis of what the right numbers of team teams are and when. But we do have a huge amount of demand, low supply, high demand from some great cities that you would say would be a no brainer for a WBA team.


Low supply, high demand is a good thing. But yeah, you go back, you go back 60, 70 years with sports, this is how you get in trouble when you're like, Hey, we're doing good, let's grab some teams. So you had a year and a half ago Portland and Golden State were the expansion teams and I think it was like, what was it, 50 million was the fee. Yeah, they varied. So Golden State was different than Toronto, which was different from Portland, which will be very different from Team 16. So, but Portland was 50 and now the price is like 1 25 to get in. So It's, it was higher, a little higher than that but, So it's already gone up two and a half times at a year and a half. Yeah, it's, it's incredible what has happened. But if you just look at the revenue teams are building, there's gonna be some valuations coming out from both Forico and Forbes in the next few months.


I think that are gonna show an enormous increase in the valuation of our teams because revenue is up, whether it's from gate, whether it's from corporate partnerships, whether it's from merch, you know, there's a lot of things that lead into a multiple on revenue and a confidence in the risk underlying That multiple Clark being in the league. Yep. That, that always helps I feel like. So you have 40 game season 44 this year. So most Bumped it up 44 up. That's the max on under the CBA we can play 44. So last year it was hard to play that 'cause it was an Olympic year and we had to break for the Olympics in the middle of our season. Right. But this year, no international competition we can comfortably play 44 without footprint.


Okay. So that's 22 home games. And then the playoffs, you looking up Playoffs this year we have a little evolution as well the first round. So we're a 3, 5 7 now. First ever You went seven, I missed that. Seven. Yeah. Wow. Finals. That's exciting. We Did seven games and Bill you, you came to that Minnesota New York game. Yeah. Can you imagine that went full five games to overtime. Can you imagine if that has been a seven game? And that was one of my goals is to get our finals to seven game series. 'cause sports leagues play seven game series like you're seeing in the A NBA right now. So in game sevens are one of the most exciting things I think in sports. So we'll have seven games and even our first round now will be 1, 1 1 instead of two one.


So everybody will get a home game that makes the playoffs. So yeah, we're evolving that with the footprint we have. Alright, so before you took the job, you're looking back at the 2000 tens, which the WNBA was in such bad shape that Diana Tosi, who's the best part in the history of the league, just decided to skip a season 'cause it wasn't worth enough money for her and she was making more money overseas and it seemed bleak. It seemed like a business that wasn't gonna make it. And that the NBA was basically subsidizing almost like a charity case. So what flips over the last eight years, other than Caitlin Clark, what, what are the big reasons because, but even before Kaitlyn came into the league, this was, this was happening.


So style of play, what else do you think it was? Yeah, one of the things I looked at when I came in, I said like we need a strategy. We, we, we set, I do everything in threes bill. So I said we gotta be player first, stakeholder success, including owners and players, et cetera. And fan engagement. We had to make it easier to be a off on this path. But that sat on the foundation called the game, which I thought had never been better. Both college and into the WNBA, the brand which was really strong, the organization, team and league, which were a total mess and we needed to transform and hire human capital. And then the ecosystem, I think media companies, corporate partners were less than 1% of all corporate partnership dollars in sports back in 2019.


Were going to women's sports in less than 5% of all media coverage going to sports, was gonna to women's sports. So what changed is this confluence that I was talking about of capital coming into the league, confidence building valuations going up, higher demand, new facilities, better amenities. We did kind of what we call the historic CBA back in 2020. Now we're in another one and we'll do something transformational this year. But it's a confluence of all that and this popularity of the game. I mean basketball's the number one team sport in the United States and it's score two around globally, so next to soccer. So it's really an, an amazing time to be in women's sports and then in in women's basketball.


So, but let's not, this has been really hard, hardest. I mean I spent 33 years before I came here in business. This has been the hardest five years because we had to, every rock we picked up, we had to transform something under it. And last year my mantra was the bold will win, everything must change. And that was even before I knew Caitlyn was even coming into the league. And then this year it's sustaining gain. So I always have a mantra every year, but we stick with this strategy player first, stakeholder success, fan engagement, we've hired engineers, social media, we had none of that. I had 12 people in the league when I joined and now we had no growth engine and now we have 25 people driving growth at the league level. We had one marketing person when I joined.


Now we have close to 30 marketing people hired A CMO. It was a long term time, Nike professional. So I mean it's just been a great lesson in you need financial capital to hire human capital, but you need the people to grow the business. So we were ready. I didn't know this was coming as quickly as it did. I thought we need three or four more years in what happened last year with sellout arenas and record breaking viewership. And look at our preseason this year, bill, we just had like sold out college arenas. That was the other thing I wanted to, how do you get the NCAA viewer into the w viewership? Yeah. And one of the ways to go back to those college arenas like we did with, you know, going to Iowa and Notre Dame, LSU and then Sabrina and the Liberty will be playing it Oregon again.


So leading into the tip of the season. So yeah, it's, it's, you know, just every idea, we can be bold, we're a smaller league, smaller brand, but we can be bold and really bring, bring what our fans want. And we've been listening a lot. I'll throw in two other things. One is the woman's final four that Friday night on ESPN especially that semifinals doubleheader, it felt like all this and it was doing well, but it felt like something shifted with that, where that really became like a casual sports fan event. Not just the real basketball fans but everybody and all of a sudden that those games seemed to really matter. And then that becomes the feeder system. The other thing, you had a couple owners that actually gave a shit and, and looked at, looked at their franchises and their place in the league as like, and tried to innovate like it seemed like the size with the, with the liberty like what Mark Davis did with Las Vegas, with what did he do, give away tickets for like three years to try to build support they Weren't giving away but they were cheap in the upper bowl.


Really trying to get people in the building to give a crap about it. And that seems like, you know, those are, those are I think two of the sterling leaders of the league now. But it seems like, 'cause the owners really care. So it's almost like a neighborhood where once people start fixing up their house, then everybody feels like they have to fix up their house. And I think also it was like the confidence, like when I came into the league, the owners of which the size were just joining the league, mark wasn't in the league yet. MGM owned the ACEs, the owners were all in on something called a Go big. So literally it was go big or go home when I was interviewing for the world go big or go home. So all the owners saw something in the future, it was just, let's chart a path, let's hire a commissioner, let's hire great human capital to execute it.


So I think that's when the size joined and Mark joined a few years later and then they had, you know, mark had a, you know, before he got there and a couple great drafts with the major Wilson and a Jackie Young and you know, a few others, you know, Chelsea Gray came from LA and free agency. And so I think that helps and it helps when you have those star players. New York attracted Brianna Stewart and they had drafted Sabrina UNESCO who had gotten hurt her rookie season in our bubble. So, and you know, to your point about the NCAA also in the Final four that Friday night, I mean those are the big games of consequence. Like how great is March band is on both the men's and women's side. Yeah. Those are the huge games of consequence and we have that shorter season.


So I, I would, I would argue a lot of our games are games of consequence even in the regular season. But then when we get into the playoffs, you're gonna see a lot of competitive competition, a lot of parody this year leading into our playoffs in September into October when we crown the champion. So you have the, the players union, there's gonna be a CBA that you're gonna have to negotiate with them. You have all this interest from all these people who either buying franchises already did and the prices have gone way up, but yet the business model hasn't been proven to be successful yet. So you're still investing in it, still growing. The attendance has gone way, way up the last couple years you're in this new media rights deal where I think you at least tripled what you were making before, but you're only still doing 44 games a year plus the playoffs also.


You have, what's the, the, the thing you had where people, people bought in, they bought percentages of the teams. So you have like the syndicate that owns a piece? No, we it's just In the league piece of the league. What is that? Yeah, Just in the league, not teams. This was the thing I referred to in February of 22. Yeah. Because we had no capital to go hire people to affect a digital transformation. A higher social media marketing people, growth people. So what percentage was that? So, well first of all, half of our existing teams invested in it. Yeah. So it was 16% altogether, but about 6% of that were existing investment investors like the size and the Seattle group and Indiana, you know, Washington Ted Leonsis.


Right. So, so, so it was about 10% outside investors like Nike and Michael Dell and Condoleezza Rice and Swing Cash and Ol and Baron Davis. So we opened it up to a broader group of diverse investors, melody Hobbs and Gail King. Like we're really proud of what we did back then. Yeah. And it served us well. I mean, we would not be where we are today. Not even close without that capital. And having deployed it against so many different things, including, you know, marketing, including, we launched our first ever in-season competition. We have our Commissioner's Cup, well before the NBA did it as a nice little, you know, trial run for the NBA's Emirates Cup.


Now and again, we're just able to produce all of our preseason games. We weren't able to do that before. We just had this record breaking game between the Indiana Fever and the Brazilian national team, a preseason game that averaged 1.3 million viewers on ESPN. And then our draft was the second most viewed ever the most viewed compared to MLB and NHL in their history. So we're just, we're we're seeing the returns of that investment in a big way and the values of our teams going up. So that was that capital raise when you saw the people that came in invested, I think gave confidence to all of our owners to invest in their teams, which is driving their team values up. Right. So I think it's, you know, a bit of a, a confidence builder and you know, capital and valuation is all about confidence in the business and what you're building here.


And you know, to your question about the or point about the media deal, we're not even done yet. So that was our tranche one media deal, which actually was much more than triple five to six Times. What was, what was five to six times. Okay. Yeah. So it's, that was a 200 million a a v and we were going in with about 40, but well by the time we're done with tranche two 'cause we still have plenty of inventory left to sell. Hopefully we're aiming to be about two 60 a of the over many years. And that's the other thing, when you, when you get a big piece of your revenue locked in at a huge number, I mean this is actually pretty historic or is historic, our largest media deal in the history of women's sports.


And as we know and as you know better than anybody, bill, the landscape's changing so quickly. Streamers are interested in us, they're interested in more year-round content partnering with the NBA we can provide, we're the only two leagues that run counter that can provide over 320 days of live programming to a streamer. Yeah. And so it was much more attractive to a Disney and Amazon and NBCU with Peacock for the w to be, to, to be part of this historic deal. So, so we're excited about that starts next year, next season this year. We're still under our old deals. So you took that investment, it's almost like a, like a startup business.


Thought they were a startup doing like a round Yeah. Getting people to invest. No different than if you had like a AI company or something, people buy in, use that money, throw it back in the league in all these different ways. Then it actually paid off the, the part that, so it's funny, like this has come full circle almost, where a lot of the good stuff that was happening for the WNBA the first 20 years solely happened because of the relationship with the NBA and basically stern pushing it and being like you have to show the NBA, it has to be on tv. Like basically forcing the networks to take it as parts of the NBA package. Now in this, in this last deal I was watching from afar going, would they, would WNBA have been better off not being attached to the NBA at all?


Would they have been better off being on their own, like doing their own thing just entirely? Yes. It's a little bit of an unknown thing. We already had our own deals. We already had Amazon. We've had Amazon. This will be our fourth year with Amazon. We have Scripps ion, we have C Bs. Those are three deals the NBA doesn't have. So everyone just assumes it's just the BA deal. It's not, but again, the beauty of going to market, at least for that first tranche of deals with the NBA is that 320 plus days of live program. We're the only two leagues that can do that here in the US and it paid huge dividends. 'cause otherwise we're a four and a half month season bill. And it's not as interesting to a streamer who's on a subscription plan with their subscribers every month.


Right. But you need to provide year round content and that's why that was advantage. I mean obviously NB a's been a huge supporter for a long time under David who launched the league. Now Adam obviously, and I sit on the NBA senior leadership team, which is helpful, you know, because we can, you know, play off one another and they've seen a huge, now demand for the WNBA game and are, are always really helpful. We share some back office shared services, but again, we kind of, because of that capital raise, been able to hire a lot of people on our own and have our own sell sellers on the that side of things. But yeah, I mean it's a huge advantage. There's a reason why we're the longest tenured women's professional sports league ready to enter season 29.


And it's because you know, we've had a big brother all along. Well so how do you make sure you're not perceived as being too big yet? Because the next step for this is like charter plans for every team salary cap goes way up and things start happening financially that maybe don't capture where the league is economically. So you're the one in charge of balancing that, especially when you have a bunch of agents coming in. You have players who expect to be paid certain way. I've seen some of the quotes already from people who play for the league who, you know, rightly want as much money as they could possibly make. And yes, and, and we want them to make as much money as they can make, but Right.


Keeping in mind the economic model we've been building and I would say, you know, five, six years ago we were like an infant and you talked about it being viewed as a startup. We were like an infant in our economic model, not in the game. Yeah. Our economic model. And now we like graduated to like a young adult. We kind of skipped our teen years and our tweeting years, right? And we graduated to a young adult, but we still have a lot of growth ahead of us and it's not just the media deal driving growth and that's gonna drive significant increases in player pay. And you know, last year we already did the charter program fully for all teams for the whole season in playoffs. We had been chipping away each year. We did it in the initially for the finals and we did it for all playoffs, commissioner's cup.


And I felt, because I knew kind of where we were trending on the media deal, that we would pay it forward and give the players charter last year from the perspective. So everybody got chartered last year because everyone two years ago that was a big, that was big Catch everyone. Everyone. We did it in between collective bargaining. So we interesting did it because I felt very confident in the fact that if we could get to 2026 and the new media rights deals and I knew where we were trending, that we would essentially pay it forward and do it sooner than the next collective bargaining cycle. So that's done. Our corporate partners have stepped up in a huge way. We just signed Ally Financial, they're gonna do a A rivals week, they're gonna innovate inside the partnership.


We have Google and Nike and Deloitte and At&t and CarMax and so many others and American Express. So I mean we we're in such good shape, but we still have a lot of low hanging fruit growth global. I mean Bill, if you asked me what's next, Kathy after expansion and all this and CBA, it's global. I mean there's, I mean when I was at the State department a couple years ago, they said like one of the number one requests they get from embassies is for women basketball players and the WNBA to come to those embassies and show young girls that they could be professional athletes and leaders in their communities. So there's so much upside. So do you, could you see a world where there's almost like what they're talking about the NBA where there's a European version of the league and there's some sort of you WNBA season happens that season happens and then there's like a world finals.


Is that like play down the road? Obviously kind of tested Canada as our first outside the US Yeah, we'd love to play preseason games around the world. That's part of our plan. And whether that's in Europe, Asia, Africa, longer term, those cities on the list, there's a lot of cities that would like us to come and have an exhibition or a regular season game. This year we're playing our first ever regular season game outside the US in Vancouver. Hmm. I know that might not sound like a big deal, but this is a regular season game that the Atlanta Dream will actually host the Seattle storm up in Vancouver. And we've seen huge success selling out in Edmonton and Toronto on preseason games. So, so the sky's the limit globally.


We just wanna make sure we have the right global footprint first. Nike just took Sabrina and Esco over to Asia. She went to China and Hong Kong and I think the Philippines. And so you know, that kind of, if you remember Bill, what happened with the NBA when they brought Kobe there and Stefan Marbury and we built huge businesses in a and and huge followership in Asia. And so I think, we'll, you know, look at that playbook a little bit and make sure we're bringing our game to markets. I mean we showed our games in India a couple years ago and 24 million unique viewers watched our games in India and we didn't have one player from India in the WNBA so lot, lots of upside globally for us.


So you have to figure out the CBA, what's the timeline for the next deal? The timelines by the end of the year. So I feel really good. We've already been having meetings. I feel really good that we'll get something transformational done together and you know, the players will posture in the media, but as I said on draft night, we're not gonna negotiate in the media. We're gonna negotiate across the table and we're gonna return as much as we possibly can with keeping in mind the financial viability of the league for many decades to come. And I think the players will want that too. Alright, so here's my big nitpick. I hate that the, these games go against NFL on Sundays. Like huge. And I, Melanie, you said That I know we've, I know we've discussed that off.


You know, I threw out that stat about the, about the Golden State Aries only having less than 5% of the fans that were, are season ticket holders that were Golden State Warrior fans. The actual, you know, look, the, the footprint is challenging. It's a Rubik's cubes arena availability broadcast windows you gotta do made October. Right. And I realized that goes into both the college football season. So we don't generally don't play on Saturdays and it goes into the NFL season for sure. Although we ironically get a weird pickup in viewership on Sundays when we Slept well. So that was the counter, you guys actually did really well going against football. It was like this almost like an alternative football audience that just fresh, Right?


Well people at home, if the one o'clock game, a lot of times we play at three o'clock eastern, the one o'clock games close to over by then or the score or whatever. People will turn on A, B, C or ESPN. We do really well on A, B, C 'cause we have a more lifestyle viewer. And I think our crossover, we get a lot of fan data. That was the one thing Bill, when I came to the league, we had no, I go, who's our fan? And everybody looked at me like, what? So now again, we have data analysts and data scientists and you know, fan acquisition and insight, like insight people who will take our fan data and give me insights off of that. And one of the insights was, I think it, we only have 20% crossover with NFL fans. So only 20% of NFL fans are also WNBA fans.


Now we would like more of them, so we'll, we'll have our Taylor Swift someday, right? Right. Because we skew a little more women than the Men's league do. And, and so, you know, I I think we're working on ways to bring in more fans, whether it's from other men's professional sports or women's or whatever. But that, that was an aha when I saw we're only 20% yet it's like 60 some percent NBA fans are also WNBA fans. So, you know, so it's a much bigger percentage. So not to compete against the NBA or college basketball's more important to me than, like, I don't even view it as competing as the NFL because we have a whole different fan base, but we get a little lift on those Sundays when we play games. I know a lot of people don't think so, but, but we do.


Yeah. Well it's, the other challenge seems to be you, you're basically like the matriarch of this family and you want all the kids to get shine in all these different ways. But then you've also stumbled into this phenomenon in Caitlyn that's like a once a decade thing. Like the last time it really happened in sports was probably Steph Curry in 2014, right? When the, when the Warriors thing really started taking off and you could just feel the energy shift. I remember gonna a Warriors game the year that, the year before the 73 win season and just get in there early. 'cause I wanna see media people and there were, people were in the arena just to, in case he was still gonna be there for warmups. And it was like, ah, this is, this is like different, this has not happened for a while.


You have this now with Caitlyn. So how, how do you balance pushing her versus like making sure, like Aja wils her, she just sold out in five minutes. So it's not like some of the other players aren't doing well, but how do you balance making sure you're not just too focused on her and, but you also don't wanna not focus on her not enough, you know what I mean? Yeah, No, it, it is a balance. But she's a generational talent. No league's ever about one player, but in this case, Caitlin brought tens of millions of new viewers into the W and there's no denying that impact. Not just in the WNBA, but the world of sports. Adam and I took all the time about, yeah, she's the most popular athlete in America. You know, she went to an LPGA tournament for a Pro-Am on a Wednesday and it's like th wrongs of people were out there to watch her.


And you know, I was at the Masters last year when she was in the Final four and you know, I counted like 19 Caitlin Clark shirts of people walking around the masters. So it's Crazy. Like I I said on a pod, I think she's the most popular under 30 team sport athlete we have. Yeah. Now that Mahomes is 30, I think anyone under 30, I think she has anyone in any sport at this point. Just from a, yeah, think about she recognizability Just turned 23, so she is hugely popular. But again, you do wanna balance it because obviously saw what happened with Juju Watkins, you know? Right. It hurt and you wanna balance make making sure that you're also promoting your other stars like Anja Wilson. Yeah. Like a Brianna Stewart and Afia Collier killed it last year.


I mean she was the runner up MVP and the defensive player of the year. I loved her. I thought she was awesome. Yeah. And she's a great person, a mom. She gotten a couple calls in the finals, I thought, I thought she could have gotten some superstar calls. I was upset about that. Yeah. She's a mom and a role model for so many, so yeah. Yeah. So I, I think again, that's why this year sustaining gain, sustain the momentum we had last year and gain even new, new viewers. Because if you look at, I mean, we're up triple digits in every category and every demographic and young people, old people, young girls and boys we're having watch parties and watching our games. So it was incredible. So How's the gambling? If, if the gambling comes, that's when you really know when the, when they, 'cause I know like Fandel was saying, they actually had like real interest, especially as it went to the playoffs.


So that's like a whole other, a whole other, that's where, you know, you're doing okay. There Already is a lot of utilized sports Bett on the wba. And you know, one of the things last year on our tipoff night happened to be a Tuesday night last year, not a Friday night because of the Olympic break and we had to push everything in, but we competed on ESPN two against the NHL Stanley Cup playoffs and outrated it. Wow. And said the handle on the w was the highest in the month of May last year of, of any sport. So it was in, in incredible. So yeah. That, that's another, like if you think about innovation, about watching be and bet and watch and why do people watch sports? They watch for rivalries, they watch for compelling content and Yeah.


Some of the sports betters watch 'cause they bet the game. Yeah. Caitlin five plus threes with Indiana to win par. Yeah, exactly that. That's just where we are with some sports leadership at this point. Did You? Right. But I know, like I became an NFL fan 'cause I have five brothers and I started playing fantasy football. Right, right. And so I knew I had Tim Brown, I'll never forget it. And you know, I had this was way back and so that, that caused me then to watch games. So same thing here. I think more people are coming to watch the game from that, from that sand segment we call it. So you're kind of stuck with your schedule now. Go May, October. Yeah. There's no way to go to 50 games. It's, it's just too hard with the basketball playoffs. Oh yeah. No, I mean the, the problem is every other year we have an international competition.


So next year it'll be the FBA World Cup. Then two years after that we have LA 28, which we love. I mean the Olympics are, I mean the fact that the women won eight consecutive gold medals, the US Women's National Basketball Team and they're going for their ninth all time record in LA it is amazing. So we have to support those international competitions. Yeah. But yeah, I, I can definitely see us going to 50. I don't know what it's collectively bargained. So right now the max is 44 and you know, the question is do we wanna go into November and and crossover with the NBA and college basketball? And then no, because there's not much to, people don't understand. There's not much you can do on the front end because we, we love the college draft.


We love the rookies. A lot of rookies. Well You're also, you have the college season ends. Yeah. Like April 4th, like Yeah, we can't start it much earlier. I mean, again, in a a year, like last year, like Caitlyn gets, goes to the final, Caitlyn gets drafted the following Monday night as in training camp the following Sunday and playing, She was, and she was luggage for the first month of the season. Like that was, that was pretty hard Playing since she was four years older or whatever and been break. So, so again this year we had a little more time. We had like two and a half weeks between the draft and, and opening of training camp. But yeah, it's, it's a challenge on the front end. You can't move it too much forward if you want the rookies to come in, which we do because it's a great, it's a great feeder system for us, as you said.


And then, so we'll look at the back end and how far can we go and how many NFL and college football Saturdays can, can we go into and we'll evaluate all that under, under the CBA. You know what's interesting, the WNA is actually good for fantasy. You just made me think of that when you were talking before about the football fantasy because NBA fantasy stinks now because the season's too long and all the injuries and guys go and it's just like, there's no rhyme or reason to it. And I was like an original, I was playing fantasy basketball in the eighties. WNBA. It's actually 'cause the shorter season works better now. Now you got my brain turning I'm gonna have To do Yeah, the ESPN does have a product. Yeah, they have an ESPN Fantasy league Women's for the WNBA women's basketball it's called.


Yeah. So they do have one just I think the last two years or so. Yeah. All right. All right. Sounds like everything's going good. Yeah. Bill better Five years for four years. Five years. What is it? It'll be six years in July. Wow. So the first year was all blur because it was covid. Yeah. Yeah. We forget Covid was like, right. You know. Right. You know, not that long ago, but seems like forever ago. So yeah, I feel like, so the first year really during covid, that's when I handed Asia Wilson, her first MVP and now three time MVP with her own shoe. Oh, the other thing, bill, that's been amazing to watch from where I sit is when I joined the league, not one player had a significant endorsement with a big brand.


They, except for maybe their sneaker brand, but they weren't big. And now there's almost a commercial break in any major sport where you're not seeing the WNBA player in the commercial spot. Right. It's pretty cool to watch, whether it's CarMax, whether it's at T Delta now on the seat pack on a Delta plane. They, they filmed a commercial with three of our players, Stewie and Nick Guay. And it is just incredible what brands have done to step up to support these players too individually. Like we have league deals with them, but we also have, they also have personal endorsements now. And so that's been a great part about the growth of the league. And I always said if 80% of every household consumer purchasing decision the US has made or influenced by a woman, why wouldn't you endorse A-W-N-B-A player?


So, well they missed the boat with Tessi. 'cause she's the best I do. I I, I I can't believe they that she's the absolute best. Yeah. She's the goat and she got voted the goat in our 20, But also cool. Like she's, she's a great hang. She's just cool. Like, I, I don't, I never understood that one. I know. And now I think, God, if I was the commissioner 20 years ago, would it have been different? Yeah. Who knows. No, she should have, she should have been more famous. I I need a team this year. Last year I had the links because I, I bet on them halfway through the season almost, almost pulled it off. But this year, 'cause you know, Boston doesn't have a team yet, so I just, I look at, look at, look at Phoenix, look at Seattle, look at obviously Indy has really, Yeah, I think, I might bet I might bandwagon it and just bet on the fever to win the win the title.


Just jump right on there. But yeah, no, that's had Some, he our free agency this year, bill. It's another thing that changed in this CBA, our free agency who's a lot better this year than I thought. But next year fasten your seatbelt, 80% of the veterans in the league will be free agents. Wow. And we'll run two expansion drafts. So. Well I noticed One expansion draft, but for two teams. Oh, that's right. So it's gonna be, it's gonna be crazy. It's gonna be cra the 20 and that'll be our 30th season bill. So really looking forward to that. Well, congrats. You guys are in great shape. Thanks for coming on. I'm glad you're doing well. Don't, don't expand too fast. All right. Settle the c The rest of the NB playoff, The keep the league going.


Alright, good to see you. Thanks for coming on. Alright, thanks Bill. Anytime at a game. Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Geha and Eduardo. Thanks to Kathy Engelberg for joining us. Thanks to my old friend Dave Jacoby. Love that guy. Great to have him aboard. And I'm gonna be back in 24 hours after OKC and Denver Game six. You can watch it live on YouTube on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. I'll see you in 24 hours.


Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in president dc. Gambling problem call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or Text HOPE NY in New York.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra. What do I look forward to every NBA playoff season? Well, I'm always hoping the Celtics do well. I'm always hoping we have great storylines, great games, great matchups, great games sevens, I just hope for good basketball. But the NBA playoffs, they're even better with Michelob Bocher, the official beer partner of the nba. Plus they're getting fans closer to the game with a chance to win courtside tickets and more. Enter now at michelob bocher.com/courtside. Michelob belcher's superior access Courtside 2024 to 25 sweepstakes, no purchase necessary. Open to US residents. 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit michelob belcher.com/superior access slash courtside for free. Entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules, message and data rates may apply void where prohibited.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. Every basketball team that's still alive in the playoffs has one thing in common. Their key trades and signings throughout the season paid off giving each team the talent needed to make a run at the championship. With a small business, your success directly depends on the new talent you add to your team. And a great place to find that talent is LinkedIn. They know hiring is a big deal for small businesses, not only because small businesses are wearing so many hats, but also because every hire is crucial for a growing company. That's why LinkedIn pairs you with the best candidates using data you won't find anywhere else from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. So find your next grid. Hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.