
Coming up, lions, Packers, football, basketball, and Jesse The Body Ventura. All next.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA. It's tip off time for NBA Cup. So I hope you're already and stocked up on Michelob ULTRA. Now notice how I called it NBA cup and not the NBA cup. Trying to get that going. We'll see how it goes. I really left how they're getting fans Closer to all the action. With Michelob ULTRA Courtside, it has exclusive content and prizes like Courtside seats. A trip to the Paris Global game or to All Star Weekend and much more. Learn how you can get closer to the action. Visit Michelob ULTRA dot com slash courtside. Michelob ULTRA superior access Courtside 24 25 sweepstakes, no purchase necessary. Open to US. Residence 21 plus begins on 10. 1 24 goes through 7 1 25. Visit Michelob ULTRA dot com slash courtside for free. Entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules and void were prohibited.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. With the holidays coming up, the last thing you should be worrying about is keeping your home and loved ones safe. So don't get peace of mind and use SimpliSafe. I have it in my house. Absolutely love it. I like the cameras. You need 'em for the holidays. Try out SimpliSafe today and make sure your home is safe this holiday season. Right now SimpliSafe is extending it's Black Friday deal. For my listeners this week only get 50% off any new system with a select professional monitoring plan at SimpliSafe do com slash bs. That is SimpliSafe at two eyes SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network where the season finale of Truth List just dropped. It's a storytelling pod about the Lies People Tell hosted by Brian Phillips. You can binge all the episodes. Go check that out. You can check out the live show I did with Brian Re in Denver on Wednesday night, which is now available on my YouTube channel, the Bill Simmons channel. And we had a great time. I love Denver. Thanks for having us. Gotta see Yoki great times. Really fun podcast too. New re watchable coming on Monday night. It's a movie from the nineties. I'll tell you what it is on Sunday. Kind of a controversial movie, little controversial.


Anyway, fan FanDuel is still gonna do 30 on 30 score bets. Even though the NBA cup is now over, we're gonna keep it going. The 30 on 30 Profit Boost token, you can boost any 30 point score you want. I tweet out my picks on Fridays. I've been red hot, I hit, I hit my long shot, picks two weeks in a row. I post like five guys that I like. And I think I went three for 5, 2, 2 for five. I hit a 12 to one. I hit a a plus 700. But you can be sure to claim the PBT and place your 30 on 30 bed for Friday. Look for it on the FanDuel Sports Book app.


On this podcast, Joe House and I are gonna react to a fantastic Lions Packers game. We million Dollar Picks. We do some NB future stuff because I was on a, in Denver bets on FanDuel and there were some that really jumped at me. So we're gonna talk about NBA as well. And then Jesse, The Body Ventura is gonna come on for the first time ever to talk about his comeback. Yeah, his comeback to wwe. Plus, we had to talk Predator. We had to talk Running Man. We had talk about a whole bunch of stuff. Really fun. He did a lot of the talking. I'm just gonna tell you now. I had a great time. So that's the pod. Let's bring in our friends, not from Yacht Rock, which is still available by the way, on Max.


We did really well. It was like in the top four on Max for like five, six days in a row. Got some great feedback too. Everybody really seems like they liked it. So check out Y Rock Max. Not our friends from Y Rock, our friends from Pearl. All right. We are taping this right after the Lions Packers game was 8 37 Pacific Time. We were hoping that would be a really good game.


It seemed like it was gonna be a really good game. And then it wasn't really good game And, and even better Packers plus three and a half covered my adjusted packers plus four and a half with, with Love 200 plus passing yards. That covered, won my first million dollar pick already Trade had the ball, 36 minutes house, they had 280 yards passing. They outgain the the Packers by over a hundred yards and felt like they dominated the game. And yet I kind of feel like the Packers blew it. They had the ball first down after that long completion over the middle and they were inside the 20 and then they all of a sudden they just kind of, and they're settling for a field goal.


And I, I really feel like they had it. And it, well it was, it was first in goal and there was to me a very suspicious pass interference, offensive pass inter interference call that pushed them way back. Yeah, it didn't, I mean the number of times that occurs at a football game And it goes uncalled and they were inside of it. It happened like virtually at the line of scrimmage. So, so are you, wait a second. Are you giving me, you think that we are headed toward a Lions Bills conspiracy Super Bowl, the two losers, somebody has to win this is, this is Goodell has now ordered that in Not only. I love that. And you know who especially loves it as Cousin Sal because I think that was his prediction for, I think it was the, the Super Bowl matchup for this season.


I I like, look, I I I'm not gonna, you know, say bad things about it. Detroit is an A side team now Detroit gets a side calls and well explain that 'cause that's a Raheem phrase that you guys do on ringer Gambling show for my audience. They might not know what that is, but it's raheem's best thing. Yeah, I'll, it's like his best theory. I love it. But explain the A side. I'll try and do it. It's, it's when you've achieved a certain status, when you have, and and the, the best example of it in the NFL is the Chiefs where every week it feels like every call that might go their way does go their way. Every ball that bounces seems to find the hands of, of the team that is the A side team.


I think it's, it's basically that concept. Yeah. It's like the, it's a Monday night game, somebody's getting to three and a half in they're home and you could just tell in the first quarter the calls are going their way and it's like, oh, they're the A side today. It's a good one. LeBron's been the A side in the NBA for like 15 years kinda. The Warriors had a few A side runs on their end too, but it's, it's a good theory. But yet I felt like considering that love had 31 yards at halftime, they seemed completely blindsided by how good the, the Lions defense looked in that, that first drive when they were just flying in and hounding them. And then they found something with the run game. Then they started taking shots deep and it felt like by the time we're in the fourth quarter, it actually felt like the Packers were a slightly better team.


And then they just couldn't, couldn't hold the lions off. They got that for that big fort down stop. And I, if I'm the Packers, I'm feeling good, I can play with that team. I can go in there in the playoffs in January and I can hang with that team and I, I'm not like losing sleep. You're gonna be the wild card. Anyway, the entirety of that fourth quarter felt to me like whichever team has the ball as is gonna win the football game. Which, which is a, a testament to, you know, the, the matchup. But I just wanna be clear, I know that I said the a side thing about that dubious pass interference call, there was a holding call on Detroit in that last drive that was also ticky tack felt a little makeupy and to Detroit's credit they overcame that.


Yeah. Went right down the field, you know, crazy. Dan Campbell goes for it on a fourth down that, you know, had Jared Golf falling over because he gets his foot stepped on by a linemen. Yeah. They still get the yards. They still, you know, are able to just clinch the game that way. But that's, well so the way it goes when you, when your things are running in your favor on the nine text threads I was on during this game, most people thought Campbell was a lunatic. I actually liked it. And it goes to what you said a minute ago, it started to feel like a, whoever had the ball last game and he was gonna, if you kick a field goal there, love gets the ball on his own 30 with 43 seconds left.


And I feel like they would've been able to go down the field and get in the field goal range. So, you know, it's fourth an inches. They didn't get it earlier. To me, a lot of these times I like when the lions go for it. There's other situations where I hate it. Like, you know, like the Jaguars, you know, when you can't really block and you have Trevor Lawrence and you know, I I just am not confident you're getting it on fourth and two or fourth and four. There's a bunch of teams like that with them. I like when they, the play that they didn't get it, that gives like pitch out play. I didn't like the play. Right. I like that they went for it, but just, yeah, you have this huge offensive line just run behind it and push forward And it seems like teams always get into trouble when they try to get tricky, you know?


And now that, well you, they try to out trick themselves a bunch of times in this game, which is why the Packers were able to hang around. The thing that you said in, in our text thread, I think early in the second half it did indeed feel like the lions could get 10 to 15 yards passing the football anytime they wanted it. Yeah. And they ran really sharp plays in the red zone both times. Fourth down those touchdowns that they got. Yeah. Were really sharp play calls. Ben Johnson in his bag Bs. Yeah. The golf was 32 for 41 for 2 83. He'd won Bad Pass. He stared the guy down through a pick, but they ran the ball. Montgomery and Gibbs were 29 for 94 I think what they were only 3.6 for Montgomery, 2.9 for Gibbs.


But I think the reason they were trying to run the ball, I think they were trying to shorten the game. I agree. Because they didn't trust the defense. Right. Totally agree. Yes. And so it, it just felt like, I like when the Lions play with Pace because they have so many weapons but I guess they feel like they can't do that anymore 'cause it's such a patchwork defense. But you know Exactly. A lot of people, a lot of people writing online, people on pods have been making the same point that this whole conference feels like it's shifting toward Philly a little bit. Mm. You know, like I heard Lombardi today talking about he really feels like Philly they have the second best odds to win the NFC. But you know, Philly's in a great spot, whether they're the one seat or the two seat, the way their defense is playing, I it to me the NFC feels way more wide open than it did a couple weeks ago And it's 'cause of the Detroit injuries, their defense isn't the same.


Right. Yeah. I mean wide open means what I three teams. Three teams. Okay, fair enough. Yeah. But I thought there was a point about four weeks ago when it just seemed like Detroit was almost like, I'd bet anything they're gonna make the Super Bowl. This just seems like the dominant NFC team. I just love the way they're playing. Even after the Hutchinson injury, it still felt pretty great. So on FanDuel right now they have the conference stuff, Detroit's plus one 40 Phillies plus two 50 and the Packers are eight to one. Vikings are plus nine 50. And we're gonna talk about them later on million Dollar Picks. But there's some some pretty interesting defensive stats with them that are not encouraging.


Other than that I don't see anyone else. So it's those three in the NFC. But I feel like the Packers, I think they could go into Detroit and hang Philly would be a little tougher 'cause the Philly defense, well, and Phil also, when JR comes back, the the Philly thing, the Philly advantage that they have is their own ability to, to just, you know, shrink the clock and run the ball. Yeah. Especially in the second half of, of these games now. Yeah, they're good. It's interesting. Detroit has probably been on TV the most this year other than maybe kc right? It's those two.


Yeah. But they, I feel like Detroit, I feel like I've seen almost all of their games. Well sadly we've, we've seen way too much of the mother effing jets. Well I mean the, the Jets shoot them straight into the sun. But that's my point. Usually like the NBA's in this situation now, they have just a shitload of Laker games left. They barely have any Cleveland games. They barely have any Oklahoma City games. And a lot of times like the most televised teams, it turns out to be disappointing. I love watching Detroit. I really get it. And I have, I have fantasy guys from them in different leagues and I'm sure that's part of it. I have the one seed bet with them. I have, they're over all kinds of stuff, but I just think they're really entertaining offensively like about as entertaining of an offense as we've seen in a while.


And then the big thing that they added that they just didn't have in the first two months was this Tim Patrick who yeah, I always thought was good on the Broncos. He got hurt and he was healthy in preseason. And I, I guess, I guess Peyton just liked other receivers, let him go. And he's the third receiver that the lions have kind of been dying for. Like he had a couple really big catches today, but I, I think I, they just have Playmakers everywhere and everywhere. I always feel like that Packers didn't get that thing tie game four minutes left and it's like, fuck, you guys probably lost. I don't think you're stopping the lions. I think they're gonna get in a field goal range and win the game. Like, didn't you have that feeling?


Yeah, of course. Yes. The only thing that put it into doubt at all was crazy. Dan Campbell going forward on that fourth down. Well I wonder, I, I mean I wonder like the pie chart of that decision making where they didn't get it before and I do think there's like a attitude piece to when he's been doubt this for three years. Right? No doubt. No doubt. And it's like, if I go for it here and we get it, I kind of win our swagger back if I kick the field goal combined with us not getting it before our swagger's in like a tiny bit of a question. And I, you know, he's just agro. That's who he is. Yeah, it's true. And and I do wonder it can't be part of the affirmative calculation when he's sitting there making the decision.


But there is got to be something in terms of the identity. Like this is who we are, this is what we do. Yeah. We have to do it. We, we, we don't waver from it. We can't waver from our identity. This is who we, we plow ahead, we plow ahead And it did have the desired outcome which was not giving the Green Bay Packers the football back. The nerds didn't like it. It was like, I think 4% probability was better if they just kicked it for winning the game. Okay. Which I was surprised by. Okay. But I liked it. I thought, I thought they were gonna get it. I always judged the stuff by do I think they're gonna get it if I'm like I was, you know, obviously root for the Packers with the plus points and hoping that the Lions would kick the field goal and really worried that not only were they gonna get it, but they were gonna be the thing where they like breakthrough and get the touchdown and I don't know.


Yeah. Just the whole thing made me nervous. So is the, are the Lion still the best team to you? Sure. Yes. Yes. I mean we're gonna see Kansas City this coming week and I feel like we we're gonna, we're we're due for a Kansas City statement game And it, let's do, And it might be this weekends, it might be this weekend. Well that's nice to move into million Dollar Picks. 'cause we had Casey down as, as one of the possibilities Casey, the lines finally adjusted to back up what we've been watching week after week where they haven't been covering any of these games and they've been pulling wins out of their ass.


And every week the lines have been three to eight points too high for them. Yep. And FanDuel and everybody else who makes lines finally had enough of it and they made them three and a half point favorites at home against the Chargers on a Sunday night that don't have JK Dobbins. That McConkey is hurt and like we'll see tomorrow on Friday. Usually if the guy doesn't practice on Friday, it's usually a bad sign for playing. Right. Right. He's been like their big play guy every third half. The only play guy. Yeah. And I would've thought the line would be maybe six and a half. Me, I was gonna say six point game. All the odd makers Point game are like point, nope, we've had it with the Chiefs, it's three and a half.


Well you know why the chiefs are on a six game against the spread losing streak. Right. Incredible. For a team, like with their winning percentage. If you look at the history, there's some great numbers out there. Action Network te team was doing it. Some incredible numbers about a team with their winning percentage being on a oh and six against the spread streak. Yeah. And even if you look at their last, their last five, their last six wins beat the Niners by 10. That turns out to be a congratulations. Hmm. Vegas by seven, Tampa by six, Denver by two, Carolina by three. Vegas by two. They beat Vegas twice by nine points combined.


And I think the, the odds makers have just had it and they're like, you know what? So to me it's a huge gambling opportunity because I don't love the hook, but it does allow us to use their money line and start combining it with stuff. But you know, the big thing for me with the matchup is just, I a not sure about the Chargers at all. Their best wins is I like them. I've enjoyed betting on them. I have them to make the playoffs. Like they're, they're better than a good bad team. I'm not sure they're a good team team. Their best two wins were Denver by seven and Atlanta by four. Denver's the only team with the winning record they've beaten. Yeah. Casey's defense third against the Run Chargers don't have Dobbins.


Their run game was nonexistent last week. Chief's at home Chiefs kind of need to make some sort of statement at some point before we get to January and Right. This just feels like the week. I agree. I mean this is, you know, the, the weakness for Kansas City has been their past defense since the cornerback Jalen Watson got hurt that was against San Francisco. We've seen a lot of teams get into that secondary, that Kansas City secondary, but the Chargers are so one dimensional now and look all credit to Coach Harbaugh. Yeah. Amazing turnaround.


And they did exactly what they needed to do against stupid Atlanta, which was just hang around, just be on the football field. Let Atlanta, just like Kirk Cousins win it for the serve you up on a, on a Thanksgiving platter. Here you go guys, we've got some nice leftovers for you. How would you like to win this game? And Herbert and the Chargers accepted openly. But that's not the Chiefs. That's not the chiefs at home. Yeah. That's not The Chiefs only laying a little number like this Patrick Mahomes with laying, you know, under six, like this very good numbers. It's like in the 60 some percent range and they got extra rest. Right, right. That they're, they're coming off of that Friday all the way back around to a nice Sunday.


I, this is, this could be a cheap smash spot, but it could be a cheap smash spot. So do you like the minus three f or are you like it a money line with somebody else? Because I like, there's a money line situation that I really like. I like it all. I'll just tell you I like it all. I'm not afraid of any of it. Okay. The hook scares me just 'cause they, the, the settling for field goal things. They do have Pacheco back. Tell me, tell me how the Chargers score 20 points. I know, I know. Tell me how I know I'm with you. Let's take a break and we'll talk about the rest of the games.


Sometimes the basketball 30 points could be worth more than 30 points. And now you can get a 30% profit boost with The Ringer with fanduels 30 on 30 during Friday's NBA action. Yeah. The Ringer teaming up with America's number one sports book to give you a 30% profit boost when you either pick a player to score more than 30 points or be on our new exclusive 30 on 30 special markets like any game to have both teams score 30 plus points in the first quarter. I thought it'd be fun. I talk fando into it. I've been tweeting out my picks on Friday. I usually pick five guys, like two relat close to even guys and then three longer shots. I've been doing really well in the picks last week. I think I went three for five and I hit the long shot for the second straight week. So check out my picks on Friday. Look for 30 on 30 in the FanDuel SPORTSBOOK app or head to FanDuel dot com slash bs for your chance to score a bigger payout this Friday. Don't miss your chance to find out how much more 30 could be worth with fanduels. 30 and 30 must be 21 plus in President select states, or 18 plus in president in dc. Opt-in required bonus issued as non withdraw profit boost tokens, restrictions, supply, including any token expiration in max wager amount, seat terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Give a problem, call win hundred gambler visit rg help do com.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. When it comes to the safety of me and my family, there's only one home security system I trust and that's SimpliSafe. I love having it in my home. Helps protect every inch of it inside and out. And if you wanna try it for yourself right now, perfect time to get it. There's an amazing Black Friday sale going on for my listeners. I'm talking 50% off here. Everybody also reasons to have SimpliSafe holiday season's coming. Talk about this every year on the BS pod. Guess what happens during holiday season? People start kind of casing your house a little bit on Wednesdays before Thanksgiving. Are they home? Did they go away? Oh wait, there's no cars in the driveway anymore. I'm moving in Christmas packages. Maybe they're gonna try to steal those. Well, they won't if you have SimpliSafe because you're gonna be guarded against the porch pilots. SimpliSafe helps to stop crime before it happens. Professional monitoring agents that can see, speak to and deter intruders. And if someone's lurking around or acting suspiciously, they can and will take action. So check out SimpliSafe today, keep your home, your family, and your peace of mind protected. And remember, a massive Black Friday sale is being extended by SimpliSafe for my listeners This week only. You can take off 50% off any new system with a select professional monitoring plan. It's your last chance to claim the best offer of the year. So don't wait. Head to SimpliSafe dot com slash bs to claim your discount and make sure your home is safe this season. Once again, SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. SimpliSafe at two is SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. There's no safe like SimpliSafe


so has on The Ringer gambling show today. You were talking about a parlay and I was listening to it and I already had it written down and I texted it to the thread, the, the, the Sunday pregame thread before I heard you actually toss out the parlay And it was basically the torn Achilles parlay. Yeah, it was Take Minnesota against Atlanta and, and take Miami against the Jets. Short cousins, short Rogers. This is, it's like, I think plus 1 0 9, something like that. I mean, both of those guys left legs are shorter so it makes sense. Right. And I like the symmetry of it and I, and I was like, I would love to do that.


I would love to bet against Kirk Cousins again and, and obviously Miami at home. I actually think Miami is a little undervalued now because the Packers Thursday night game threw everyone off the scent. But it was cold, cold weather Thursday night. What the fuck do you think was gonna happen? They'd actually played well the weeks before that. So, and let's be fair, the the, the Dolphins offense was up to the challenge, right? The the, the Dolphins defense would've no part of tackling in that under those circumstances they didn't wanna be there. They did not. And then Atlanta's nine and 19 in the last 28 against the spread worth mentioning. Atlanta's not good. No, they're six and six. They really could be three and nine, two and 10, a couple plays.


And I was like, I'm gonna do Minnesota. This sounds great. And then I started looking at the Minnesota defensive stats, which I mailed to you, and they're a little alarming. And there's something I don't trust about this game. My shit detector's going off because it's really like the make or break game in this season for Atlanta. They're at an impasse with cousins here. It's cousins going back to Minnesota. But I look at Minnesota, they give a 29 in Green Bay, 31 in Detroit, 27 in Chicago, 30 of the Rams last week. Arizona had four six yards of 25 first downs in them and really kind of choked the game way they had the game. They're at 19 and six, they're in control. And I just don't trust Minnesota and make the counter with just try to do your Kirk Cousin's counter and let's talk this out.


Yeah. So what we've seen from him in virtually every game, except for the games against the Tampa Bay Buccaneers, where virtually all of the yardage, all of the positive EPA for the Atlanta offense was generated from the enormous success that the Falcons offense had against Tampa in, in two games over the last three games. Kirk Cousins has this many, I'm holding Antioch, but Giant Zero touchdown passes. And they were not against great defenses. Right. They were play, they was against the, the Saints was one of those games. I mean, I'll go back and, and look, well the Chargers have a good defense.


They had, but it was a short week and a travel week for, for the Chargers. Yeah. And the Falcons had no problem moving the football up and down the field. They just got to the red zone and puked all over themselves. And Kirk cousins especially, you know, short arming and short legging and not moving and playing out of pistol. And the guy that is the offensive coordinator for Atlanta not covering himself in glory because we keep having this conversation about the Falcons not putting Kirk cousins in a tenable position, a tenable situation. They have two incredible running backs. It doesn't matter. They try and set up play action, it doesn't matter. Cousins single-handedly is taking wins away from this team and it's only going in one direction with him physically.


One of the guys in our thread shared that next gen stat. Now, I don't know how long next gen has been around. Is it two years? Is it 20 years? Six years? Is this a mile an hour stat? Yes. No quarterback. No. There are no quarterbacks since next gen has been measuring the velocity of passes that's had 20, at least 20 attempts and has has not reached 37 miles an hour. And Kirk Cousins came along on Sunday and said, hold my beer mother ERs, I'm right here. And you could see it. I mean they kept saying you could see it. We watched that game that he had no, he had no push out of his feet at all. No push. Would you want next gen stats to measure your peas since like you were a teenager to now miles per hour?


God no. Can we next gen stats and bathrooms? Lord, no, I need that. Oh, my pee is down to 34 miles an hour. I don't want, I don't want any anybody measuring my bathroom before any, any sort of streams. No. Well, you compared cousins to Joe Biden on the, on The Ringer. Said what? What, what did you say? Well, only in the sense that like when you reach this point physically, it only goes in one direction. That was the point I was trying to make. Like the case that people were trying to make over the summer. Oh, that Joe Biden, he can over, he there was behind the scenes is the sharpest attack. There was no overcoming the thing because the thing was he's old. Yeah. And you can't, it only goes in one direction every day that goes by.


You're one day older. Yeah. That's where cousins is right now. It's not that he's in a rough patch, it's not that he's working things out. He's not, you know, he's, he doesn't have the Ys, he's not physically able, he, he's literally physically unable to perform. And that's why going up against a Brian Flores blitz heavy defense whole career. I know, but the defense defense hasn't been that good though. It's the Blitz the thing's, the, I get it. It's the Blitz. It's not the secondary that I'm interested in. It's the blitz. So I think I'm gonna, I I I see the case. I feel like I got so lucky last week, a million Dollar Picks with the Chargers in that game where they just couldn't do anything. And cousins Fair enough. Just single-handedly delivered the game to them. He did, he did. Right. That I almost feel like I I I don't even wanna play with House five with them.


Fine, fine, fine. There's, there's another game I like with the, I like to me the, the parlay is Miami and Kansas City. Fine. Great. And the Dolphins home against the Jets sauce. Gardner, we're taping this on a Thursday night. It's got a bad hamstring. So he is either gonna be playing hurt or not playing either, either scenario awful for the Jets with the speed of the, of dolphins. Bri Hall is questionable for the 100 straight week. The Jets are awful. They're one in five on Sundays. They're one in six on the road. They Oh no, they're one in either one in eight on Sundays, one in six on the road. They have three starters out on their offensive line, their left tackle and their entire right side.


Miami's defense, sneaky good. Ninth against the run, night against the pass. Improving. Improving. Yeah. And you look at their, their two A losses, right? Yeah. Two of missed a bunch of games there, but the games they've lost with two, they lost to Buffalo twice. They lost to Green Bay. They lost to Arizona. I don't think they're bad. Well, you know who likes playing against the Jets who I'm ready to get in bed with two a's nuts. Yeah. Two a's nuts. Love playing against the Jets. He's three and oh are are straight up or whatever the, the numbers are very good. And on top of that, their home. Yeah. And their offense is so much more comfortable. They all of the precision stuff. The DJ is spinning his home.


Miami South DJ Mikey Mack. Yeah. He loves it. He loves spinning those Miami records. He loves the Miami sound. Oh, I think he's, I think he's breaking out some 40 fives for this game. Shout out to Lombardi. Shout out. I think the DJ went into the attic and pulled some rare selections from the early nineties. Like some, some Well let No, no, I wanna ask you, you some yacht rock. I mean he really looks like a, well maybe he did, maybe he got inspired by the yacht Rock doc. Maybe he went and grabbed some Doobies. Doesn't it look like he could be in the, in the dock? I'm, I mean well he definitely could missed opportunity. Yeah. I, the Jets line, I I just don't see any, they seem like they're, if they're not the worst coach team in the league, they're one of the three or four worst coach teams in the week.


They make penalties every week. Yes. Rogers clearly just can't wait for the season to be over at point. Can't wait. It's just a disaster. So it seems like a great stop. It's, it's a great, it's a great, it's a great parlay leg. It's a great teaser leg. However you wanna put Miami. Well, Miami Mix. Miami, Miami Money line KC Money line is plus 1 0 9. Great. Great. I'm in done. We'll mark that one down. The next one. You knew this was coming. If you listen to this podcast, nothing, I love more than a team that has fired their coach, who the players were rebelling against than playing the next week. I it's not a hundred percent, but it feels like it's at least 80.


We just hit this with the Saints, which we did not do. You talked me out of it. The fucking Clogger came in, won a game outright. You talked me out of it. I'm, I I've forgiven you, but, but this, this bears niners Well it didn't happen for the Jets. The Jets lost their first game. No, but they remember that game though. They sh they kind of shoulda have won and then they jet stood up, but they did play better not Right. And whatever. They fucked it up. Yeah, the brick. Yeah, the brick. Which old Brick. Yeah, I I've watched a few of these Bears Games. Yeah. And they've had some lows, right. They've had some games where they just look awful. But, oh, I get your point.


They've also had some pretty good moments and stretches and halves and, and I think they figured out something with Caleb the last couple weeks with just having him get rid of the ball faster. Defense can create some pressure. I don't know. I just think, I think they could win this game. It feels like a three point game to me. The, the bigger thing is this is a, this is a zag against a Niners team that feels like the season is going in the wrong direction. Not just like, not make the playoffs, but like, like just kind of edging toward, Hey, are we sure Kyle Shanahan should be the coach next year? Oh, could you can't really. Do I think, can we do that? How many Piners fans have you talked to? Yeah. That in the Niners fans worlds, there's a lot of Kyle Shanahan consternation right now.


I mean they literally got what, two thirds of, of a, a legit game out of McCaffrey over 13 games. I'm not saying it's rational, I'm just saying, I mean, you know, you're, he's literally the most important player in, in the league. Like he's in the conversation for, you know, offensive player of the league every year that he is healthy. I don't know think those days are that guy outta the mix. It, it seems like it, but and they lose iu. Yeah. Defense is in the same, no, we, we see this in football every year with at least one team and sometimes two, the pedigree team that either just has way too many injuries or gets old and we just sit there for, we, I went against the Niners in that Packers game.


Like I've, I've had success going against them, betting against them because I don't, I just, I just don't think they're good. And this game well didn't Brandon Allen, I mean that wasn't really going on on a limb with Brandon Allen. I know, but the but the lines didn't really reflect even that. Okay. And then it was like, I, I don't know. I just thought the way they were being measured, their past tense team to me is my point. Fine, fine, fine. They're not a present tense team. They're not an arrow pointing up team. I think the Bears can beat them this week. And I love the new Coach Bump. The only thing that I'm concerned with is like, when's the last time the Bears won a game on the road? Right.


It's been, it's been, that was one of the re flu hallmarks. Like, oh, go find him on the road and load up against, against the Bears because they just don't Well the thing that worried me looking at the stats was just the Bears Run defense has been bad. I think they're like 27th against the run. Yeah. The Niners are obviously a good running team, but they're, they're down, well they're down Ido. Yeah, they're third, third stringer, right? Yeah. The, the fantasy darling this week and Trent Williams is hurt, might play, it might not, right? Yeah. Bears that was the for, for that Buffalo game. As soon as Williams was out, I was like, oh, I can't have enough Buffalo. Put all the both Buffalo on my plate. That was my Thanksgiving dessert. So Bears plus three and a half or Bears and a Tease or Bears adjusted or Bears Money Line.


What hardens your nipples out of those? Well, ca it depends on what color Caleb's fingernails are, but starting from there, I, I'd like the Bears like in a tease. That's the only thing that makes me feel comfortable. I don't, because the Niners, you know, had two diabolical situations in that Green Bay in Buffalo back to back. And I'm worried that there's like the, the basic operating function. Now again, let's see if Trent Williams is playing that, that'll be a determining factor. But out of all of the options you're giving me the Bears in a, with a tee's leg is my favorite.


Alright, so what if I gave you the Bears plus eight and a half. Okay. And the Steelers money line against Great Jamon the Browns, which which is minus one 10 on FanDuel. There we go. Now we're talking. That's a good one. And that's our bet. That's love that one. Yes. So Steelers game Cleveland has the really tough, exciting game in Denver in altitude on Monday night playing magnificent six days later against Pittsburgh and the Denver game. So my buddy Gus Rams a huge Denver fan and he was telling me the D back that was out was gonna have a dramatic effect on the game because the guy that was going in for him, oh yeah. Could not cover anybody.


And he's like, I'm a little nervous about Jamison this game. 'cause we have this guy that I think, and guess what, that guy gave up like 200 yards. But, so I think that's made people think the Browns are a little more explosive than maybe they actually are. So you sent me some Brown stats. The Browns have lost 20 consecutive regular season games in Pittsburgh. Their last win was October, 2003 with Tim Couch. Yes. Again, I had been living in LA for less than a year when that happened. Shut up, shut outs in Mike Tom's career with the Steelers. No opposing QB has gone two and zero against the spread against him in the same season. It's straight up against him.


Straight up against him. Yeah. Straight up. Straight up. So Jamis beat him, beat them in that fluky stupid Thursday snow game. Right. Which had all the makings of a stay away. And then it turned out it was, and I, I, I continue to think the Steelers team's a little undervalued. I I actually think this line should be higher than six and a half. But I'm delighted that the money line is only minus three 10 and I feel like this is a, a gift from the gods and we have to put it in somewhere. Yeah, I like that a lot. I like the money line just fine over history in these division games when Pittsburgh been, has been favored around six in that neighborhood. It, it doesn't, you know, the, the underdog division opponent tends to cover.


Yeah. And that's been, you know, sort of the, the Tomlin thing. You, you grab Tomlin and the Steelers when they are underdogs and you fade them against the spread when they're faves. But this is a situation where we're just looking for the Steelers to win. I don't wanna mess around with the points. I mean the, the, the, the ceiling and the floor with Jamis or, or it's, it's like, you know, Mount Everest, you know, the, the, the variance there. So let's just go ahead and pick the Steelers to win, have that be a leg and then that then we can move on with our lives. So Steelers, you could tease them with the over of 37 and a half, which I wanted to discuss quickly, even though it's December little colder.


But the fact that the Browns will not be able to run the ball at all. And Nick Chubb, I love Nick Chubb, but it really feels like he should, but they're not gonna be able to run the ball, which means they're gonna throw it a lot, which means the ball's gonna be in play all over the place. Raheem had an incredible stat today on the, on the gambling show that Jameis actually broke the passing yards record if you include the 190 whatever interception yards that he had. Yeah. With his own yards. He was like 600 yards receiving six 80 for both teams. Yeah. Nearly 680 combined receiving yards. But Res Raheem said that every interception is like, has a five point impact on the spread.


Yep. Jamus is good for probably two interceptions in this game. I don't know, it just seems like 37 and a half lowering that with the Steelers, like as a tees, that's another way to go. And then, then we're not relying on the Bears if we like the Steelers that much. Yeah. I mean we're, it's a danger zone when you start messing with the points in these a FC north games, especially in December, we recognize the risk, but if the weather doesn't look like it has a high chance of precipitation, it looks like it's just gonna be 40 degrees cloudyish. The wind doesn't look insane. So those are still, because we, we, we think that with Arthur Smith, you know, it's a miracle they get rid of that bum Matt Canada and all of a sudden they have four games where with both Justin Fields and Russell Wilson, all of a sudden Pittsburgh can can get game 400 yards on offense all again.


It's a, it's a goddamn magic act. Kudos to Arthur Smith for, you know, getting his bag cooking up some offense. It's fun to watch. And is art, did Arthur Smith or did he revitalize Russell Wilson's career? Because Ru there's a whole case with Arthur Smith. Rus is cooking but mean you could, you could look at Arthur Smith and just be like, who was the quarterback that he had to work with? Sure. Everybody he had as a quarterback in the Falcons is not a starting quarterback in the NFL. I mean, Ritter played a couple of weeks 'cause three guys got hurt, but you know, may maybe he was a good coach just in a bad situation. I don't know what to think, but he's completely reinvigorated Pittsburgh. There's another scenario I'm just gonna throw at you since it seems like we like the Pittsburgh money line, the KC money line and the Miami money line the most.


Yeah. You put those three together, that's plus 1 77 on FanDuel. Hmm. So I wouldn't do a full, you know, allocation like, like you like to do. I wouldn't do a full 200,000 on on that one, but I mean that's worth the hundred grand. That's worth 50 grand. Neely is, you know, one in three quarters to one. We like that Minnesota, yes or no? I mean I'm all in on it. It's a smash for me. I love Minnesota. I think they're gonna kick the living crap out of Atlanta. There's all kinds of numbers that about Kirk indoors. He stinks indoors. Yeah, he's been playing. He had all those cheer in Minnesota, but he's not, he hasn't been good.


I mean there's a lot of, of angles if you want to fade Atlanta. But the biggest one is he, he it's it's one-legged cousins. I really do like the symmetry of the cousins with Rogers Tea. Parley fade, the frauds. So would you put Steelers with Minnesota or the Bears? Definitely Minnesota. Because I, I mean, alright, so you know what, I'm gonna put Steelers with Minnesota and then if Minnesota blows it, it's my fault. I I just get to blame you and call you a motherfucker. You can mother me and send you nasty text you can send you that, send you that, that picture where you quick, you think it's a news link but it's that guy sitting on the toilet with the huge dong.


I do that to you. The P stream. Send me some P stream, some next gen send you some stream. Yeah. So we do Steelers bikes. We we're already up 200 K this week. So Steelers bikes and I'm gonna just do the Bears plus three and a half against the, because I think they can, you're allowed win that one. All right. It's your, it's your money. Alright, let's do it. Million Dollar Picks. Week 14. We're already up $200,000 thanks to the Packers covering four and a half. And Jordan Love throwing for 200 plus yards. Won $870,000 last week Hess. It's a good one. Good one for the season. We are now $1.413 million. Go back and fucking fact check it because that's the number baby.


Here we go. Million Dollar Picks the rest of them. 'cause we're already up 200 K Miami Dolphins going against Aaron Rogers who we can see on Netflix on December 17th in Enigma, which I'll be watching as I, as I pour salt in my eyes. I was gonna say I wish I won't be watching. I'm gonna, I'm gonna watch it as, as I drip Tabasco sauce like it's contact one solution into my eyeball. I, well Tabasco means it always makes me think of Gil Bang, but if we're gonna watch That's true. I'm like Gil bang myself. If we're gonna watch then I'm, I'm gonna get next gen to watch. I'll be watching with my Peace Dream by, by AMB Moneyline against the Jets with the Kansas City Chiefs money line.


Yeah. Against the Chargers. We cannot figure out how the Chargers are gonna score even 14 points in this game, especially if, if McConkey doesn't play. Right. So Miami KC money line that is plus 1 0 9 house, we're having a good run right now. I'm gonna get a little freaky. Lemme hear it. We're putting 250 K on that Bang bang. Yeah. Speaking of, speaking of Gil Bang Gil, we're Gil banging that up to two 50 K Bears plus three and a half in San Francisco. New Coach theory, the ebra flu thing was so bad that there were reports of, he started to speak to the team after the game and Jaylen Johnson there Star cornerback just interrupted him and started screaming at him that they, he doesn't understand why the coaching keeps it blah blah blah.


It sounded awful. I feel bad. I listen, I think he's like a decent enough dude and I also, he's a good defensive coordinator. He will be. He will be. Yeah, fine. He had no business being in that job. Like the whole world knew it. We were making the jokes of the effing summer about the bears. You have this prize possession, the number one draft pick don't f it up. And they put this dun in charge and he runs it right to the ground and they wasted a year of this kid's career and his development. Now here's the, the redemption story. Well they could have gotten Mike Vrabel, they could have gotten Jim Harbaugh course. Maybe they, they were real guys together. Check. Do you think they could, they couldn't talk to Belichick, they couldn't talk to him. They couldn't have a conversation with the man. Same thing with, so the Jets over story, but here's and redemption over again.


You see these teams hold onto the coach for the extra year when we already know the jig is up. Doofy fu ville. But look, what's the redemption story? Thomas Brown, your guy. Yeah, the new head coach this week. This is when it starts. We've seen the Green Sprouse shooting up of Caleb, you know, getting rid of the ball quickly. That offense gets cooking a little team likes him. DJ Moore is is alive for fantasy football playoff time. I know. Yeah. So Bears plus three and a half New Coach theory, it's almost a blind for me at this point. You talk me out of it with the Clogger and the Saints, I resented you for it. We are doing it here. And also a chance to short the Niners because Sure fine.


To really have a season from hell. You gotta keep losing in December. Like they, they haven't clinched season from hell that you still have to have a couple more losses. So we're gonna do that. And then last but not least, we love the Steelers at home against the Browns. They just like Jameis coming off Monday night. Like I Yeah, they're, he's not beating Tomlin twice in the same season. Steelers need the game. Yeah. They really need the game. It's, it's like, oh man, oh we got caught by surprise. We no, we relax like they, they need every game. They're trying every game win their division and get that either the two seat or three seed. Yep. So we're throwing the Steelers in with the Vikings, which you insisted on because they're going against Kurt Cousins. Yes. Who basically died last week and turned into a chalk outline that resembled John Dsky watching the Miami Dolphins playoff game in my house.


Well I think he died like a month ago. But we finally caught on. We finally realized, yeah, I'm just on the record as saying my shit detector was going off with this game. It seems too easy. Okay. The Minnesota defense I think's a little overrated. Okay. But you talked me into it. Steelers, Vikings, it's minus one 19 on FanDuel. Just that has to win and we take it, we're putting 200 K in now we're putting 200 K on the bears plus three and a half as well. And then, you know what else? Hmm. Just for fun, just for shits and giggles, let's hear it. Little 50 k extra plus 1 77 Steelers, Miami KC all to win Little extra.


I mean we do like it little. We're sprinkling Who Fs us. Let's play. Who Fs us on that one? Not kc I Miami's always worries me just because I agree that's, that is the answer. The disc jockey and it's true. Tua taking a hit, who knows? One last hurrah. Anyway, those are the billion Dollar Picks for Week 14. We're gonna take one more break and then house and I are gonna talk NBA really quick.


This episode is brought to you by Better Help. It's nice to see all the different family traditions people do this time of year. You know, it's become one of my new favorite traditions. My daughter come home, comes home from college. We haven't seen her in, in in LA where I live since the beginning of August. So when she comes home, she, it feels like the conquering heroes back. I love it. However you plan to spend your time during the holiday season. I hope you guys are happy, but also you should be feeling that way all year round. So make sure you bring yourself some comfort that'll never go away and try Therapy. Therapy teaches us so many different skills and coping techniques like positive coping skills, how to relax And it can help everyone, not just people who have experienced a major trauma. If you wanna try it out for yourself, check out better help. It's an easy, convenient way to get started. Especially since everything is online. All you have to do is fill out a short questionnaire and then you'll be matched with a licensed therapist. It's that easy. Find comfort this December with Better Help. Visit better help.com/ Bill Simmons today to get 10% off your first month. That's better help hlp.com/ Bill Simmons.


This episode is brought to by Uber Eats it's football season and Uber Eats is dropping undefeated deals on all your game day favorites. This week Score a free medium, two topping Domino's Pizza with minimum purchase only on Uber Eats. And if you're craving even more, we've got you covered with game day deals on pizza, burgers, tacos and more order Uber Eats now for game day terms, taxes and fees, supplies, see app for details, house quick basketball stuff.


I was in Denver for a couple days with Priscilla. We did a great live show. Super fun. Gambling is legal in Oh, in Denver. Yeah. I could actually get FanDuel in Denver and I could make some fun bets, which I did, including Jordan Love 200 plus yards with the package. Go package four and a half, which I why we're cashing. Yeah, but there are some future bets And it got me looking at some of the over under stuff and the make the playoffs stuff for the NBA. What, what do you think the Atlanta Hawks regular season win total is right now on FanDuel the hawks are 12 and 11. They've won five straight 43.


I didn't look, I haven't looked at it. It's 38 and a half house. Wow. Yeah. Yes, they have a bunch of high quality winds over the last 10 days and we loaded way the F up on them getting to like 41 or 42 games. And I have been, I felt very validated. You know who's playing really effing good and was a key component of the handicap for why Atlanta could be capable of turning the page. Deandre Hunter, can that dude please stay on the floor. Keep Deandre Hunter healthy, make sure he's getting his vitamins, getting his sleep because he, you know, the Dyson Daniels thing cannot be under understated or underrated.


The addition of like a proper defense player. Can I just tell you? I, I did. I'll stop. I love Atlanta. I did Ringer 100 and I had Dyson Daniels ahead of Deonte Murray in The Ringer hundred and he was like 10 to 15 spots ahead. So it's your, so, so Atlanta won that trade by, they won that trade if it was a straight up getting ripped to shot, they also got Larry Nance in two first round picks. Yeah. Yeah. So the Atlanta thing I, I was just startled by. So of course I had to bet it and then I was like, well I might as well throw some other over unders in there, might as well. So I did two different bets. What do you think Oklahoma cities over under was heading into tonight?


Oh, this is fun. They won tonight. I haven't looked. They won tonight. I think it made them 17 and five. Let me guess. Yeah, I'm gonna say 58. So it's 57 and a half. I threw that in. Okay. Okay. I did pretty good. And what do you think the Houston Rockets who were playing as we tape, what do you think they were over under was amazing. I I, did we all three of us lock the Houston Rockets over the No, no. You guys did. I didn't. I bet the Rockets are now 46 and a half. Well, they were 42 and a half when we did it. You and Illa locked it. Yeah, it was now 50 and a half on F. Holy moly. I know. And you guess what else?


Wow. I bet it. Anyway, so I did Atlanta OKC in Houston plus 5 81 for the overs on that Bang bang. Then the other one I did, I did those three. What do you think Dallas' over under was? They won tonight. And by the way, Dallas has been sneaky contender for the last two weeks. Oh. I mean they have rounded it into shape. They were one of my locks in the preseason and their number was like in the 49 and a half. They, they weren't even a 50. I bet they're 50 now. I bet they're 50 now. You did not have them as a lock, but you did have them. Aw, but we, yeah, they were, I think they were 49 and a half in the preseason.


Yeah, they're 50 and a half and they're 51 and a half now. So I put that in there fine. And then I had to the Lakers. What do you think the Lakers are right now? It's gotta be close to what the preseason was. Are they like 43? 44 and a half. Okay. So the GA a game and a half above. So before the year there were 42 and a half. Oh, okay. So 44 and a half. That was the number. That's great. Those five together, Atlanta over OKC over Houston, over Lakers, under Dallas, over was over 22 to one on FanDuel. You need to tweet that out. I halfway put a hundred dollars on that.


You need to tweet that out. That's like, I was so happy. Go get it. So the Lakers would've to go 45 and 37 to beat that and they cannot guard anybody. Nope. No. Other than your W resorts. So here's another one. I didn't bet this because I couldn't decide whether it was a good line or not. What do you think the wizards over under us heading into the game today, which they got killed in. Oh, amazing. 14 and a half. That's what it was. Hey. Hey. I didn't even look, I swear I didn't look. Yeah, well you didn't look at any of these. No, I didn't. You have to keep telling us. We believe you. 14 and a half. And my initial instinct was, that's way too high.


And then I was like, man, if you win less than 14 and a half games, that's becoming one of the more unsuccessful seasons in the history of the league. So I, in the history of the league, I stayed away. The Celtics were like 62 and a half, which I was surprised by. So here's the other thing I did. They have make the playoffs bets. Yes. And I was frantically doing this on the plane before the plane took off. I'm just gonna ask you if these teams will make the playoffs. And you can tell me yes or no. Dallas Mavericks. Yes. Houston Rockets. Yes. Denver Nuggets. Yes. Ooh, you paused the same way I did, but yes. So Denver's number was minus 400 to make the playoffs.


Yep. Minnesota Timberwolves. Yeah. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Phoenix Suns. Yes. Okay. So I thought those five would make it as well. Memphis Grizzlies awesome story. I honestly think they are going to make the playoffs. Yes. So my thinking was those were the six teams other than OKC. So OKC in those six in the west. And I don't know who's getting the eight spot. You could tell me it's Golden State. You know, like what I, you, you can tell me. Sacramento's not dead. Those six with Atlanta. What do you think Atlanta's playoff odds were?


Atlanta to make the playoffs like decent. They're gonna make, I think they're gonna make the playoffs. Yeah. Plus 1 0 6. Yeah. So all of those together was over six to one. Okay. And I trying to figure out who fucks that up. Dallas, Houston, Denver, Minnesota. Phoenix, Atlanta, or Memphis. Like the odds would say Atlanta. Yes. And yet, if you watch Atlanta, I don't know how they're not gonna be a seven or an eight seed in the east. They complete defense. They try hard every night. Now. I think the coach likes the team. They trade. They're getting a better version of him than they've had before. They kind of got all their injuries. I'm I'll knock on wood for them. 'cause you know Yeah. We're, we're rooting for them. We're invested in them.


Right. We feel like they owe us, because we did this last season. They fuck, they were the, they were the fuck job team for, we would've had like a legendary year last year with the over unders and they've completely fucked us. Yeah. But I, I wanna knock on wood and say they got most of their injury stuff out of the way at the beginning of the season. Hopefully. Because look, the two wins that the Washington Wizards have back to back wins against the Atlanta Hawks. Right. Amazing. Right. And only two wins. And if Atlanta wins those, they're like 14 and nine right now. Right. But I was looking at the game yesterday, it's like kind of the perfect box score where Capella is 17 rebounds.


Daniel is, Daniel says six says three steals. Reese Che hits a couple threes Tre Young's terrible. He's six for 19. And Jalen Johnson has a 23, 13 and five. And they beat Milwaukee by 15 points when trade doesn't even play well to me that means they're a playoff team. And on top of that, you know, I, when I clicked into that game and saw early on that the hawks were off a little bit up by a little bit, it's like, oh, is Giannis not playing? Oh, Giannis was playing because Milwaukee is like the poor man's Denver this year to me. Yeah. They're only competitive if their super duper star is having a, an extra terrestrial performance.


Another triple double, by the way, for, for the Joker tonight with 20 effing rebounds. But they're not competitive at all in the game. Cleveland just dog walks them the whole, the whole game. You know, I I almost bet that when I was in Denver and I just don't like betting. I, I just don't like betting against Yoic. I was It's why you took the Denver over in the preseason. But it was one of those things where it's like, this seems like a horrible matchup for them. Cleveland's just like way better, terrible match for rent team. Yeah. Murray, I, I watched some of that game. I had that on the small TV as I was watching the football game. Murray just isn't going by guys anymore. And I noticed it in person. Ella and I talked about our Denver pod, but he's getting, like, he has the guy in his side, but he is not like getting the half step over them.


The guy's just next to him and he can't ever really get to where he wants to go. And I think it's a massive, massive, massive concern. I'm very worried about them house. I understand. Yeah. So Atlanta in the playoffs, if you're just looking standing wise, you figure Cleveland, Boston, Orlando and New York and Milwaukee are locks to make the playoffs. I think those are the only five. Atlanta's the seed right now. Miami's seven. Brooklyn's gonna start making trades soon because they don't wanna be good. Chicago's kind of frisky and might not. It's the Ron Chicago goes back, there's a feel good story year. They had a big win tonight. The play in Bulls, they can't wait to to be in the nine 10 game in Indiana has lost four in a row.


They're nine and 14. And it, they might have the worst body language of any Eastern conference team. They're the one What happened, what happened to the Pacers? So I've asked around a little and I've also watched them. Yeah. And I think AKA's a really good player. Yep. And I'm not sure he fits in with how they played last year when we liked watching them so much. Mm. Interesting. Those first two months when Hal Burton was great and they're flying up and down, flying, flying. And then this year you put Sicca in there, you bring Mathen back who I think is a little alpha and it, they just seem like more of a normal basketball team than the team that we watched last year that was balls to the wall.


And they don't seem that happy to me. Okay. So to me they're East Coast, Minnesota where, where the roster shifted and Minnesota in a more obvious way, but they don't have the same kind of thing that made them special last year. Okay. For Indiana, it was that pace. And I don't see the same pace this year. Do you? No, I, I, I haven't sat down and, and done any deep looks at, at the Pacers. I just keep looking at the outcomes of games and the box scores and trying to make sense out of why they're not, they're not competitive in these games. They're like getting blasted. No. And that, and you know, it's the classic year after syndrome too.


Right. Where is is Halliburton, is there some kind of hangover from the Olympics? He didn't play in the Olympics though. It shouldn't have affected him. Well what's, how about this? How many, how many points a game do you think they average this year? Last year? Remember they're in like the twenties. They were like 1 23. Some crazy number. It like 1 0 8, 1 0 9. I don't know. I I don't have it in front of me. Last year they were 1 23 0.3. Yeah. What are they now this year they're one 13.4. Okay. So they've lost 10 points a game. Yeah. And yet they have math on it and they have CIM for a full season.


So that doesn't make sense. But it does make sense if you watch them. They're not, they don't play at the same pace. And I, to me they're the most, I think the most likely trade team in either conference right now is Indiana makes a ton of sense because they have a lot of, I get like people are like Chicago, they want, but if you watch Chicago, they actually seem like they like playing with each other and they have like a specific identity. Indiana doesn't know what they are right now that that is the issue. Right. Like they, their identity, they have to outscore teams 'cause they don't, they still don't defend. I mean I haven't gotten sat down and looked at the advanced numbers. No, they're almost minus five for the season. They're giving up one 18.2 and they're score one 13.4. So this is, but this brings me to my Atlanta point.


I just think Atlanta took their spot and I don't really see a path for Indiana unless there's some trade that they have coming, but they just signed AKA a huge deal. Right? Right. If you look at their miles, Turner's can be a free agent at the end of the year. If you look at their assets, they have, they have Walker, the kid they took in the lottery two years ago that doesn't, hasn't really had an impact for them. You look at their assets, I dunno, they already traded a couple picks for aka. I mean, but on the other hand, they made the final four last year's. Good. They, I think they have some good guys, but I think he's the trade piece. Yeah. Which one? Mhar or Matt? Mathre? I think Mathre is the trade piece. Okay. That he's good. I mean that's a good, that should fetch something.


One of the things that hurt with them is how many games does Knee Smith miss now? Yeah. He's only played six. And I think that's one of the reasons they're defense has gone backwards. Okay. Gone. But anyway, the likely trade teams for me, Indiana, no question. I'll be really interested to see what happens with Minnesota and Randall and whether there's even a market for him. Mm. I went through all the teams, like anyone interested in Julius Randall for 33 and or 36, whatever. He makes it, it gets really hard. It's hard to find takers. You end up like staring at like the Charlotte type of teams. But all those teams are trying to tank now. Yeah. It doesn't make sense. You know, I I am, I'm surprised.


Why, why aren't we talking about the pelicans? The pelicans? Isn't everybody available on the pelicans? I guess, but who Ingram's an expiring. What are you getting for him? They just signed MCC column. He's making over 30 a year. Like is that, is, are people looking for all offense guards who can't guard anybody making 30 plus a year? That's a oof. Probably not. So I like McCallum. But is the right thing to do for them to just suck and get the very best? I think that's, well they beat Phoenix tonight. I had that game on. Oh that was, I don dunno what they were thinking. Damnit. Yeah, they broke their win streak. The Zion thing is the most interesting story in sport. I mean, new Orleans is in a weird spot 'cause they don't really have anybody covering the team.


They're, they're, they kind of this anonymous NBA team. They're playing in a super small market. They don't even have, like, I don't even know who, if there was stuff going on in New Orleans, I don't even really know how we'd find out Adam, when Zion's coming back, they showed him on the bench today. He was, he was wearing like one of those jogging suits where it was hard to tell if he'd put on 50 pounds or not. I, which back they signed Rey Murphy. They can't trade him. They have Hawkins, I would say has some trade assets. So yeah, you're right. New Orleans is in there. But I, to me, Indiana, that's the one I'm watching short term. Okay. Because I think they have pieces, there's moves and I wanna see if they do something. And then the other one who I saw in person Illa and I don really talk about in Denver show, but Golden State, no they didn't have Draymond.


Draymond solves a lot of second ball handler stuff with them creating shots for people without him. Curry's really their only shot creator. They felt like a three for one team for me as I was watching them. They desperately need, they have all these guys who are all fine and none of them can create a shot. So that when Denver just took out Curry in the last five minutes, YOKA just calling out every Warrior's play. And they just didn't have that second guy who's like, I got this. Let me, let me get a couple buckets. Even somebody like Mathre would be a huge help for them. Interesting. So I, I left the game thinking I actually wouldn't be opposed to them trading for Zach Levine.


Okay. And I don't know with this how the apron, I don't, I don't even know how the trades work anymore. Whether it's even conceivable and doesn't have to match. Exactly. But that's the type of guy they need. And Curry being 36, I, I just don't think you can waste the window anymore. Otherwise just say, you know what, we are who we are and that's it. But so much a, I felt way the last, the last two years I felt that way with this team. Yeah. They just can't get 'em help. They just keep saying, we're gonna, you know, we're gonna roll the ball back out there with the guys that we got. And they just got worse. I mean really, they never recovered from Draymond punching Jordan pool in the face. They didn't a sentiment.


I kind of understand now, but you know, the, the, it's been two seasons, two full seasons and we got excited at the, but they won beginning of this season. They won in 22. So I don't, it's, I that's you're right. Don't shed tears for the Warriors, but no, I'm not saying it right. But I think the burden that they have on Curry now at the age that he is at is unrealistic. And I think they know it. I agree. And I was watching last night, I was watching how hard he has to run around and get open and do all the curry stuff that he is been doing forever. But now he's doing it as a, as a 36-year-old. And I don't know, basketball's really hard to play. Did you see that there was that thing that came out about, about people running during basketball games and the amount of, the amount of miles you run during a year.


Somebody tried to do a study on it to try to figure out and basically took all the three point shots and the pace of the game and figured out some formula to compare it to like the eighties, the nineties. And it's just like, there's way more running and sprinting now is basically the theory of it. And it backed up. What I've thought this, this as, as I go to the games, it just feels like it's harder to play. It just feels like you're constantly on the move, sprinting, doing rush outs, flying around and I don't know, I just think it's unrealistic. It's much more impactful mileage now. Yeah. Because my biggest regret of our over unders was the Phoenix one because I think we gave Katie's health too much credit because he played so many games last year and he is a guy who's been in the league since the 2007 draft.


And like he's hurt again. He's been hurt twice already this year. Yeah. You know, and for what we were laying for that bet, which was, what was the over, it was like 48 and a half, something like that. Yeah. It was in the, in the high forties. Might have been 47 and a half though. Yeah. 47 and a half. And all three of us did a lot still. I don't regret it. I don't regret it. Not yet. I'll regret it if, if if he can't play. Yeah. Right now they're 12 and nine. We're gonna be sweating that one out. We are gonna be sweating that one because it's like one more injury and they look pretty ordinary when he's out there anyway. So. And then Lakers, I don't, Lakers will do some sort of panic trade. I just don't know what it is. I think if they're actually actually trying to be competitive this year, they know that you can't play LeBron who's Trics like one of the five worst defensive players of the league now with Reeves, with Connect and with dlo.


You can't have those four guys on the basketball court at the same time. Unless you're trying to play a game that's like 1 45 to 1 43. So my guess is Reeves would be the trade guy. Oh wow. Right. Because his contract and you can put it with something else. Maybe it's an amazing contract. Yeah. Maybe they still have that, that first round pick in 29. Right. Which is like super valuable. Would you trade Reeves? Yes, definitely. I'm trying to see what his new, you have to get, have the right guy. But I mean he's like 15 million bucks a year. Yeah, he is. It's a great, great, great price. 12.9. 13.9.


14.8. It's a great contract. Russell's 18.6 expiring. So already that gets you over 30. Rui with 17 gets you to like the high forties. Right. So now you could, if you really wanted to make a run at an expensive guy you could, but I'm sure, I'm sure Dan who would've is just waiting. He's just waiting for to panic. Why, what, what's ain got? Because AIN has all those pieces. He's got, he's got John Collins at 26.5, he's got Sexton at 18.3. Jordan Clarkson at 14. And he's got most importantly Kessler at three.


The Lakers are not taking any of those dudes. That is why they Sexton and, and Sexton Kessler's the only one. Sexton Kessler would help them. They would, that they would genuinely help them. But like whether the Lakers and they have Lake guy tall for Utah. That's like the best currency you could have. The Lakers Thers are, they're like dangling Austin Reeves and like, Hey Utah. Look the guy that, that I would, the guy that I would think that the Lakers would like have circled Jimmy Butler. That's who I would think that, you know, they would be going in that direction. Right. They're not. They're not. And then we're not, we're not going for Walker. That's fucking Kessler. We're gonna go get a big super duper big don star. That's a tough guy.


And he's, he's already on the banana boat and that's it. He's our dude. Something like Jimmy Butler. I like the way you're thinking house. Lemme look at this for a second. So that would be Reeves. That would've to be basically Reeves Russell and Rui. Bye-bye. Enjoy. And by the way, all those guys would be like Miami. Yes. We're in Kyle. Turn the TikTok camera on. Here's what I actually think the Lakers should do. I would trade Davis and cash in on him. Wow. What's he worth? Wow.


Honestly, what would Davis be worth? Everyth? Like everything, like let's say who can come up with enough, let's say he was in play for the Rockets. Would they have to think about that? Of course they'd have to think about that. Yeah, of course they would. Of course. What kind of question is that? Yes, yes, yes. A million yeses. I just don't think the Lakers are not trading. Anthony Davis. If the goal is to win a title over the next four years, the goal is to win the title this year or next that that's it. They have no chance. I agree. Zero chance, no chance. None of winning the title.


No chance. Zero. There is no way. They there's a guy, they need a guy. They need, they need a time machine is what they need. They do need a time machine. Yes. Look, it's amazing that LeBron is still playing and that he can score 29 points in a game and his 22nd year in the week, they're not winning a title with him. They're not winning a title with the team. They have and they can't play defense. And they know it. No argument. They were, they, they was 31 as healthy as he's ever been making a ton of money. They dedicat themselves. They became a three point shooting team, except for they can't shoot threes. I'm gonna hold onto that clip that I sent you. That's gonna be my part of, of my where, where, where LeBron misses the entire rim.


He misses, he misses so badly that the announce is like wide left. That didn't even Oh, my wide left. Yeah. That would be Indiana is my number one trade team now anyway. Okay, great. That's it. That's my little basketball ball report for you. Who would you bet right now for the finals if you had to make a bet? Oklahoma City and Boston? It's funny. I don't think that's changed and yet I, I continue to think Cleveland's really, really good. They are really good. And I have Celtics fans in my life who aren't really focused on it enough yet.


One of the things about them, Mitchell is about as unafraid of the Celtics as as any guy in the league. Yeah. Like he really has so much confidence against them. They have size and there's still that aro spot that I think, I don't know if they're gonna try to upgrade that or whether they just like the chemistry so much. But, you know, I I I also would just counsel in favor of like, don't be dismissive of the Knicks. If the Knicks arrive the playoffs healthy. Yeah. Those guys, it's, they're alpha. They are not, they, they think that they, they think that Boston is beta and they think that they're alpha and that's gonna be a, a hell of a fist fight. I'm just telling you. I I'll welcome that one.


Okay. I'm just telling you they think it's, it'll be a fist fight And it might be a good one. Nicks aren't the team. It's Cleveland, the team now the Knicks. If Robinson can come back and actually be healthy. Yes. I said they're healthy. I figured there's a buyout guy for them that we don't know who it is in February or beginning of March. Yeah. But there's some guy they're gonna get who is excited to play the Nicks. Yeah. Who has a relationship with Wes and Leon for sure. And there's some sort of deso replacement type swing that will be on their team that I don't know who it's yet Is it is, is it? It could, it can't be Deso. He can't, I mean, no, because he has traded by Would Min He would like to come back. Minnesota will be able to trade him.


Yes. I don't think they'll be a trade Randall, but anyway. Alright. How's the Washington commanders? Yes. What's your enthusiasm level right now? Super high. I tried, I I I did a whole emotional hedge, a whole thing. I made my best bet Tennessee last week. But it was worth it. It was worth it. I don't, I mean, that's a, that's a good investment by me Washington. Kick their ass. I love it. Why? I'm gonna go to, I'm not even gonna say it out loud. I'm, I'm, I'm cautiously optimistic for the fortunes of my Washington football team. That's the way I'll say it. Who do you think gets benched first? Kirk Cousins, Aaron Rogers or John Rimsky from the Sunday Ringer pregame show.


Not who's gonna get the hook. Not jj. JJ is is a starter for life. I don you can't, I saw an unnamed vet in The Ringer locker room, said JJ was hosting for his, for his starting job this week. I won't tolerate it. No. JJ slander on any of these. I'm just kidding. JJ I mean, he did start, he did start a podcast part today. He was saying like, guys don't think I'm crazy. Anytime he starts a sentence with Don't think I'm crazy. I'm like, oh no. Here he goes. Take a terrible quarterback. Here it comes. I enjoy it. I always enjoy it. And it, yeah. No, I'm, I'm jj you can turn it around. We all have Faith Joe House. Great to see you. I'll see you in The Ringer Sunday pregame show. Yeah, buddy.


This Sunday, 11:00 AM on YouTube TV and Fando tv. Great to see you. Great to see you.


This episode is brought to by Uber Reserve. You know, it's a game changer for travel. Booking my ride in advance to the airport with Uber Reserve. Uber Reserve makes it easy to plan my whole trip. I just did this. Booking rides up to 90 days in advance to help squeeze the most outta traveling. Especially if you're doing odd hours rush hours, like early in the morning, you gotta do it. Plus, with Uber Reserve, you'll get an assigned driver. You get upfront pricing and you get extra wait time included. So go ahead plan like a pro. Reserve your Uber ride up to 90 days in advance. See app for details.


This episode is brought to you by Old El Paso. Does game day hosting feel like an extreme sport? Not anymore. With Old El Paso feeding your hungry crowd is oh, so easy. Old El Paso's crunchy stand in stuff. Shells bold seasonings and squeezable sauces are fumble free, flavor packed and perfect for cheering on your team. Football is taco season with Old El Paso. Level up your next Tailgater watch party. Shop Game Day Essentials at Old El Paso dot com.


All right. Somebody I've never had on the podcast before, Jesse, I know him as The Body Ventura, but he is gonna be returning to NBC WWE Saturday Night's main event, returning to broadcast television Saturday, December 14th, 8:00 PM et live. And Jesse, you're gonna be part of the announcing crew. You're gonna do a, a, a match or two. And, and not only are you a Hall of famer, you were one of the great broadcasters of all time. So I'm so happy to have you on, on TV again. Well, thanks Bill. It's great to be here. And and the ironic thing is that we're we're holding this event in the very building that we held the very first one way back in the eighties.


So which building is it? I don't even know. I don't know. Nassau Coliseum. Wherever they went out. Oh, the one out, the one out in Long Island? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. That's where we held it back then. And so they're gonna hold this very first one of the new NBC Saturday Night's Main Event. And what's exciting about it, and I got the word on this, it's going, the whole show is going to be a throwback. What does that mean? Well, that means it's gonna look like it did before. Really? Yeah. The guy, The graphics, everything. The Yes. The wrestlers are not coming down that ramp.


They're not coming with all the lights and spectacular. They're coming in through the crowd. Wow. Like the old days. That's why they brought me back. Amazing. Well, you should be back anyway. We're Going, we're going back in a time capsule only, it's gonna be four times a year. Unbelievable. So what was of all the Friday night main event, Saturday night Main event. And I know it's almost 40 years ago, but what, what, what was the most memorable one for you because you were there most, well, I'll get, I'll get to them, but I need to make a more of an introduction here. Yeah. Hell has frozen over. Why? Because I never dreamed I would be back in the WWE now WWF until hell froze over.


I had a friend, Glen Fry of the Eagles. And I remember when the Eagles broke up. They, they thought, oh, it's, it's over. We'll never hear another Eagle song. The differences are too much. They'll never be able to mend fences. And lo and behold, Glen got together with, you know, and in a way, Don Henley. And away they go. They came back and they cut that phenomenal album when hell freezes over. And I kind of feel that way that hell has frozen over for me because I never believed in my wildest dreams I would be back doing wrestling again. Well, in the Eagles case, hell froze over because they made a shitload of money on that concert tour, I think was one of the reasons.


Right. That was like one of the first great nostalgia tours ever. What, so what's the case for you? Why did hell freeze over? Well, because for me, it's a full circle of my career. I, I can't go back in the United States Navy where I spent my first six years. Yeah. When I grad, after I graduated from high school, I had, I was in the Navy, United States Navy for six years. I can't do that because there's age limits. My friend Rudy Bosch stayed as long as you could. He had 44 years in when they threw Rudy out. But anyway, that aside, but this, this is ironic because it, it means my career has gone full circle.


Right? Because, and, and here's the part that I don't understand. They couldn't control me before. Why do they believe they can now? Oh, I like this. Is that really? Why is that what happened with you? They felt like they couldn't control you. Like course, when you talk about fences being meted, I was thrown out. I was uncontrollable, Jesse, The Body Ventura, number one, I tried to unionize, Right? Number two, I wouldn't allow them to market me without negotiating it. That's what ultimately got me thrown out of the W-W-F-W-W-E. Then I went to WCW.


Here's the behind the scenes story. I went to WCW, they went into turmoil. The guy who hired me got fired. They brought in Bill Watts, who was an old school relic who didn't understand the business had changed. It had gone to television now not to putting seats in the stands. The money was now gonna be in tv. He didn't get that. So he comes in and then he gets fired. And I busted my butt behind the scenes to get Eric Bischoff into the position. And here's where it got interesting.


Eric Bischoff then got the head job at WCW and then behind my back, he went out and got Hogan. 'cause Hogan was leaving the WWF or getting booted or whatever was happening with his career. They gave Hogan total artistic control. He came in, got me immediately fired because he took over my look. He put the shades on, he put the durag on, and he became a villain. He couldn't have Jesse Ventura be there and become Jesse Ventura. So he got me fired in es In essence, my wrestling career was over.


I had worked for the two major, I wasn't going into one of these little outlaw ones in your own hometown. That wasn't about to happen. I looked to other things. What did I do? I went to the dirtiest business on the planet, got myself elected mayor and went on and got myself defeated the Democrats and Republicans at the same time. And got myself elected governor of Minnesota and dig this. I only raised $300,000 to do it. You wanna know who could have been president if he wanted to be. You're talking to him. Well, you beat a legacy kid too in Minnesota.


You upended both parties then Beat Humphrey's son. Oh, I beat Hubert Humphrey's son. I beat Senator Norm Coleman. Well, on the Democratic side at that time we called it my three sons. You had the sons of Hubert Humphrey, Orville Freeman and Mondale. So it was my, it was my three sons on the Democratic side, like the old TV Show. The legacy kids always have trouble in politics and sports. I wanna go back to Hogan though, because Okay. You know, and there's been a lot written and a lot discussed, but you know, you haven't seen it yet. But we did the six episode documentary on Vince McMahon for Netflix. Sure. And we had a big section in there about when you tried to unionize in 86 before WrestleMania two that we ended up in the final cut.


We only had six plus hours. We ended up, we it's in there, but we cut it down a little from one of the cuts. We had like eight, nine minutes. 'cause it was so interesting. Oh. And what really happened was Hogan shanked, you and Hogan admitted to it to us on camera. Yeah. That, yeah. He went and ran to Vince and told him what you were trying to do. And you were basically trying to upend WrestleMania two get it so that they, they would have health benefits, all kinds of stuff that they Have. Well, it was, it was, okay, here's the, here's the story. Yeah, It was, I knew this was the perfect time. And then of course we had to get with the Charlotte guys and have them walk out also. If we could have got us and Charlotte, it was perfect timing.


All the publicity was out there. He couldn't change nothing. There wasn't time for The pay-per-views are being sold. The WrestleMania two, every city is the Whole thing. Everything, it's, it's, it's two weeks before the show. All we had to do was as en mass walk out, go to the media and say, we refuse to wrestle unless federal negotiators for union are brought in its federal law. He couldn't stop at its federal law. And, and we refuse to perform until we're allowed to unionize or collective bargain and bring these people in. And I made that passion speech.


And when I was done, I went home and the next day Vince calls me immediately. Hmm. Well I found out he ca apparently he called all the wrestlers and threatened them all and all of this stuff. I guess I didn't know about that. But he called me and I stood up to him. I said, Vince, I said, this isn't just to fight you. I said, this is about the fact right now. And this was mid eighties. I said, right now I'm paying $5,000 a year for health insurance for me and my family. I said, if we had Outta your own pocket, Outta my pocket, if we had a union that's strength in numbers, maybe I'd only have to pay 2000 a year instead of five.


I said, Vince, I've seen hundreds of guys give 20 years of their life to this business. And in the end, they ain't got a pot to piss in a window to throw it out of. I said, we're wrestlers, we're not financial planners. And I said, if we had a union, maybe a guy could retire on 500 bucks a month and get something for the 20, 30 years you give to this business. I said, it isn't just about fighting you. I said it. Sure. And we'd like working conditions to where if you go on the road three days in a row, you're then given so many days off. Well, wait, hold on, wait a second.


You gotta give context on this because in the seventies and eighties you guys are on the road for 300, 310 days a year. You're wrestling everywhere. You're in all the territories nonstop. I'll, I'll tell you how bad it was when I got injured with pulmonary emboli, blood clots in the lungs. Yep. That was caused by flying. Really? Yes. They've determined it today that you are very more susceptible. That's why you need to exercise on planes. So, and they don't say nothing now because the airline people are well aware of it. I get up on every plane and do tow raises. Yeah. For 10 minutes.


The flight attendant won't say a word to you. They know exactly what you're doing. Interesting. But the point is, here's how bad it was the month that I had the pulmonary emboli, blood clots. Do you know how many days that month I flew? 28. Oh my God. Really? Yes. And you were one of the headliners at that point. Like you were going against Hogan. You were one of their best guys. I was. You're talking 30 days in a month and 28 of them. I was on an airplane. Let's get back to That's what I wanted the union for. Yeah. I wanted the union and, and for Hogan to then make a statement, well, I didn't wanna get paid like everybody else.


He makes it sound like unionizing his socialism and communism. Does, does Pat Mahomes make the same money as everybody else in the NFL? Of course not. He makes way more. And they have a union. Does LeBron James make more than everybody in the NBA? Yes. Right. Of course he does. And they have a union. Hogan would've still made more. That's a lame excuse. You wanna know how bad it was? It came out my court case, my court case against Vince. We had the numbers from WrestleMania three, right?


Yeah, the big one. Yeah. Pontiac Silver Dome. Yeah. Hogan against Andre. And then the greatest match that I ever saw, Ricky Steamboat against macho, the greatest match I'd ever broadcast or ever seen that match. But that aside, we got the numbers in my court case. Hulk Hogan made more that night than all of the rest of us combined, including Andre. Wow. I mean, he, he did probably was the biggest reason they sold out the Silverdome though. Now, you know, wanna know why he didn't, he, you wanna know why he'd lay his life down to stop a union?


Well, he denied it forever and ever. Right. He always said he never did it. And now he admits that he did it. Of Course he did. And here's why. And here's why. If you come from the business during my era of the old territory days, the worst thing you can be accused of being is an office stooge. That's somebody who rides around with the boys, pretends he is one of them. But all the while he is listening to the gossip and he's reporting it back to the promoters, taking care of himself and being, quote an office stooge that in my day of wrestling was the worst thing you could ever be.


Well, what's interesting about Your, and that's what Hogan was, Your relationship with him, you didn't know for a few years. Right? It didn't come out till the steroid trial that he had in 94 that he had been actually going back and telling Vince. Oh, it, it didn't come out until my trial that I had. And it only came out because I told my attorney the story. And when you depose someone, you can ask anything in a, in a, in a deposition. So I told my attorney the story and I, my attorney was great. They beat Vince and my attorney. I said, if you can find out who ratted me, I would really love to know who was the rat in the dressing room that ratted me out.


And so during the deposition, I can't say anything. I'm sitting there and my attorney asked Vince, he said, Mr. McMahon, he said, has there ever been a union in wrestling? And Vince said, no. And Mc my attorney said, has anyone ever tried to form a union in wrestling? And Vince thought a moment. And he said, yeah. He said, I think Jesse Ventura might have spouted his mouth. I remember he used the term spouted his mouth off about it one time a number of years ago. And my attorney said, oh, really? He said, did you hear Mr. Ventura talk about unionizing?


And Vince went, no. And my attorney said, well then how are you aware of it? With no hesitation. Vince went, Hulk Hogan told me, I almost fell outta my chair. Now I had to sit there. I can't show no emotion. I can't, you know, it's a deposition. I can't talk, I can't nothing. I can only sit there and confer with my attorney. It was, it was as, it was as rough as getting hit in the face with a hard left jab. Because Hulk Hogan had, I thought, been my friend. Hmm. Who did you think did it then, before you found out it was Hogan?


Who did you think was the one that told Vince? I had no idea. That's why I wanted to find out. I wanted to know who was the rat in the dressing room. Yeah. Because I made sure there was nobody from the office when I made the speech, when I made the, 'cause I, I made sure of it. Pat Patterson wasn't there. Strong bow wasn't in there. None of the agents were there. So you knew, 'cause you started wrestling almost 50 years ago. And you were in, I think the Portland territory where you wrestled against my, one of my favorite snooker. Yeah. Back when, back when he really had the hops. You were in Minnesota, that's when you teamed up with Adrian Adonis.


Sure. A WA But then you ended up in the WWF back then, early eighties, right. Around when Hogan was in there as a bad guy. Yeah. So you must have known him forever. No, no. Hogan came into the a WA when I was there. Oh Yeah. Right, right. So that was even like the 79, 80 range. And then Vern, Vern wouldn't give him the title and Verne wouldn't let him market himself. And so Hogan made the smart move. He jumped right away to Vince who let him do all that. And it, you know, financially Yeah. I don't begrudge Hogan that Yeah. I'd have did the same thing too. Yeah. You know, but him ratting us, that was low.


You know, we, but, but anyway, you know, that was the nature of the business. Everyone's out for themselves. You know, it's always been that nature of the business. That's how the business survived was backstabbing. You know, we, we had a couple of what if scenarios when Vince took over and we, we played it up a little in documentary, but not as much as I think we could have. Because one of the guys he wanted was Dusty Rhodes. 'cause he knew we had to get rid of Bob back. One he knew he needed more charismatic champ. And then the other one was Hogan. And at that point, Hogan's in the, as you said, but Vern Gagne wouldn't give him the title coming off Rocky three when they were on ESPN.


And there's this halter universe where Vern Gne just says, I should just build a WA around this guy. And Hogan never leaves and becomes like this ESPN star. And I don't know what happens to wrestling if that happens. I don't know who the heck would know. It's a good sliding doors though, right? Well, well then, then it would've been a hell of a lot more challenging for Vince to go across the country like he did. Right. Because Vince needed Hogan. Just as Hogan needed him. They needed each other. Yeah. You know, that was a mutual deal. And, And it don't begrudge either one of them, you know, what, what they accomplished was remarkable. And I was happy to be part of it, you Know? Yeah. I mean, it worked out perfectly for all sides.


Yeah. And it worked out. And it, And it worked out great for me because Right. You know, I, unfortunately, my career ended right before I was due to wrestle Hogan the night before. I was due to Wrestle Hogan in la my first match with him in the WWF. And I'm seven days critical in the San Diego Hospital. So bad. Jesus. My wife had to fly out to San Diego. I didn't know if I'd ever wrestle again. And ironically, you know, who came to my rescue? Who? And she don't even know it. I bet today. I bet if you asked her, she wouldn't even truly know it.


Cyndi Lauper. Really? Yeah. How did she come to your rescue? Well, Cyndi Lauper did me a favor that ended up creating my entire broadcasting career, which was what? I went home. I went home facing the end of my wrestling career. What do I do now? Am I gonna go down to General Mills and sign on as a VP and put down past experience pro wrestler? You're not gonna get no job. Yeah. And like all, like all pro athletes in its own weird way, nobody ever thinks about it till it's over.


And then when it's over, you gotta face it. And I had to face it prematurely. I was, I did come back in the ring, but I never came back to the extent of what I was doing. And I, and a friend of mine said, here's the Lauper story. A friend of mine said, you should be a broadcaster, you can talk. So I went down to Channel 11. Tom Ri he just passed away a few months ago. My friend Tom Ryther. And I told Tom my situation. He was the head of sports down there. So he introduced me to the head guy of the station. And he gave me a producer cameraman who was Emmy Award-winning.


And he said, okay. He said, go out and do something for me. Right, Right. Yeah. So Cindy Lau, it was right during the Cyndi Lauper rock and wrestling crap, you know, when Cindy was all involved with Wendy Richter. And it was going big and all that. MTV Cindy was doing a concert here in Minneapolis. So I, I called up David Wolfe or manager and I said, could I come down and interview Cindy before the show? He said, of course. And so I came down with my guy. We, we got together with Cindy And it was during that punk era. So we decided to have Cindy Dye my hair.


So Cyndi Lauper dyed my hair like six different colors. 'cause that was in then. And that night at her concert, she brought me out in front of the crowd to show the crowd what we had did that afternoon. Right. And Vince got a hold of that tape, And it was like two days later, he calls me and he says, Jesse, do you think you could do color commentating? And I said, I know I could. And he said, I got an idea. I said, what is it? He said, there's never been a villain on the mic before. Hmm. You're gonna be the first one. Honestly, one of the great ideas, and I wish we had them in, in actual sports, it'd be really fun if we had football.


NBA, we had somebody who was the heel announcer. I know they would never do it. But super fun. Well, Like I said that, and that's so I Oh, Cindy, I bet don't even know. Yeah. That, that, that, that, that, that the piece she did with me spurred McMahon to have the light. And I give Vince credit, he's PT Barnum of the generation man. Yeah. The light bulb went out and Vince's head and he thought, there's never been a villain on the mic. Let's put a villain on the mic. And then I was fortunate, 'cause who do they put me on with? But Gorilla Monsoon. Right. One of the great teams. Oh. I mean, Gino was a dream.


So To work with, you know, you, you couldn't have asked for a easier, better tandem. I don't think Gino and I ever had a misunderstanding. Ever. I can't, I can't think of one. Can we go back to your wrestling for a second? Sure. Sure. How did you ever hit your peak? Do you feel like there was more there? Did you hit your ceiling? When were you at your best? Well, I think I was at my best right before I was gonna go against Hogan. Right. So how old are you at that point? You're like mid, late thirties. Earlier thirties, Right. Yeah. But I'm right at the, I'm right. I'm right where I ought to be for it.


Right. And you Could have been, I got the experience. You could have been one of the big heels. I'm as big as I'm ever gonna be. And right there, and all of a sudden I'm flat on my back in, in, in critical condition in San Diego, California not knowing if I'm gonna live or die. And yet, weirdly, physically, it was probably better for you long term. Well, I always view it as, and I tell people this when I give speeches and stuff, I always tell people, remember out of adversity, great things can happen. When you think adversity struck you in that everything has gone to shit, it's amazing how, look what I fell into then I got more famous being on the mic than I probably ever would've been in the ring.


I mean, the thing you tapped into, which was so funny, wrestling was all about provoking reaction. Either a happy reaction or an angry reaction. Right. The more heat you can get, whether you're wrestling, That's why I, A manager, whatever, that, that's where you wanna be. They Couldn't control me then what makes 'em think they can now? Well, you were the first announcer that made people mad. Did they, did they have any idea Exactly. Did they have any idea? The power I have now, did they have any idea, the guy that's gonna be on that mic sat down face to face with Fidel Castro. Right. Do they have any idea that the guy on that mic had a dinner in his honor at Tianmen Square in China?


Wow. You've seen it all. And did all this, and I did all this after wrestling. What was your relationship with, like with, with Vince the last 25 years? Because you, you came back. You, you got inducted into the Hall of Fame, but other than that you weren't really Around. I had no relationship with him. Nothing. Really. Nothing. So what was your reaction watching the last five years as it all kind of fell apart? I got, well, I, when I got inducted into the Hall of Fame, they asked me what I felt my biggest contribution was to pro wrestling. And I think I shocked everyone. And I know I irritated Vince and Linda, but I said, I, I believe my biggest contribution to wrestling was the fact that I was the first wrestler in history who made Vince McMahon deal with a management manager or an agent.


Is that true? Yes. Hogan never did Hogan dealt with Vince. Him and Vince Hogan had a Hollywood agent. Yeah. But I was the first one that, and and that resulted as pre because a Predator. Right. Which he didn't want you to do. He told me I couldn't do it, so I quit and I went and did Predator. And while I was doing Predator, Arnold said in September, I'm gonna do the Running, Man, there's a part perfect for would you like to do it? And I said, hell yeah. And so I negotiated Running Man first. Then I went back to Vince.


And you know why that was? That gives you fu money in your pocket. Right. Where if he doesn't do what I, what I'm satisfied with, I tell him, flake off. I got, I'm doing the Running Man in the fall. I'm okay. I got another major movie with Arnold that's gonna come up in the fall. But the thing is, all that stuff was fantastic for the WWF at the time. Sure. It was to have their announcer being these high profile movies with one of the biggest movie stars we had. That that ain't, that ain't what it's about with him, with people like him and power, people with money like that. It's control. It ain't got nothing to do with doing deals and doing the right thing and promoting the correct way.


It's all about control. I was the horse that got out of the corral. I wouldn't let him market me. That's the final straw. I was gonna do my own video game. And Vince said, you can't do it. I said, I own my rights. I'm registered with the government, Jesse, the Bon Ventura. I own the copyright of the, with the government. How can you tell me I can't do it? And that was the final straw. That's when he fired me. And then I think he, 'cause I never did get the video game. So I think some hanky pink went on there too. Oh no. You know.


Well, and then when you sued Him, I don know I have no evidence. When you sued him, it was because he, you felt like you were given the wrong impression of a contract you signed that signed away your rights to be basically in all the home video stuff They did. I never signed the contract. Oh. That's what it was. Okay. I never had a contract. So when you sued them, what, what were you suing them for? And the, the important point is that you won. Well, I sued them over videotape royalties. Right. And not that he had to pay me, but all the time that I was working for Vince, I would ask him, Vince, how come everything I do in Hollywood when they replay it, I get royalties and everything I do for you, I get nothing.


I said, how his, how does that work? It was just he and I, I'd be there with him, mal alone. I'd say, tell me how that works. How come I get royalties in Hollywood and I don't with you? And he'd give me these phony excuses of why da, da da. So what I did, every time I, or at that time my agent was Barry Bloom, every time I or Barry would negotiate with the WWF, we would bring up videotape royalties. And every time we were told the same thing, I don't pay videotape royalties.


Well, we won in court on what's called quantum merit and what that means. Vince didn't have to pay royalties. There's no law that says he does. Yeah. But here's how I beat him. When you sit down to negotiate, you expect the other top side to be telling you the truth. We were constantly lied to by being told he didn't pay royalties. Well, when we sued and got into discovery, we found out how Hogan was getting royalties. Mr. T was getting royalties. Cyndi Lauper was getting royalties.


Everybody from mainstream Hollywood were all getting royalties. Right. It was US wrestlers who weren't Well, he lied during those negotiations and said, I don't pay royalties. That's called Quantum Merit. That's where he broke the law. He has, he has to tell the truth during negotiations. You expect that he can't lie. And the truth was, yes, he paid royalties. And when I got on the stand, my attorney asked me, Jesse Ventura, had you known other people were receiving royalties?


Would you have agreed to work for what you did? I said, absolutely not. I said, if I found out other people were getting royalties, I would've demanded them to. There you Go. And, and the jury found for me, Vince didn't probably like that, I'm guessing. Oh, He hated it. He took it all the way to the Supreme Court for Christ's sake. Wow. And, and then he calls me on the phone and screams into my ear when it's all over. That's my money. And I very calmly said to him, Vince, I said, the jury said it was my money.


The federal judge said it was my money. The United States Court of Appeals said it was my money. And the Supreme Court says, it's my money. I said, Vince, I think you're a minority opinion. And that's that. And that was the end of it. So 10 years after you left, give or take a year. Yeah. He became a heel. He became heel owner after Brent Har Brent Hart punched him. Yeah. And that led the Montreal Screw job. And it leads to this whole character arc where he is the owner of WW F at that point. But he's also bleeding in, and it's hard to tell what's real, what's not real. Did you ever figure that out when you worked with him? What was real and what wasn't real with that guy?


Well, I'll tell you this. Vince was successful because as bad as he was, all the other promoters were worse. Right? Yeah. No, I'm serious. No, I believe you. I'm laughing. 'cause you read Vince was like the savior. Yeah. I knew when I went to Vince that final time I was gonna quit the business. This was it. I'm gonna go try, I'm gonna do this last hurrah with Vince. If it fails, I'm done. If it succeeds, we'll take it to wherever it goes. And fortunately we succeeded.


I was in pretty much, I knew I was gonna do it before, well, before I did it because there, there's another story behind that, but I won't go into it today, but it's a long one. But Vince actually did me a a a a great favor along the way. And that's why I had loyalty to him. Okay. And I'll just leave it at that A favor. In the early eighties, mid eighties or late eighties. Early eighties to mid eighties when the jump happened, Right? Well, I'll tell you the final straw of why I jumped from the a WA to Vince.


Wanna hear that? Yeah. I was with STO then. Mr. Torture. Yeah. And we were of course, the, the, the far East west connection. And me and Torch were wrestling tag team then in the a WA And Vince was just starting to make his big move. And they ran lacrosse, Wisconsin. And we went down there and we did an angle for a cage match. Right. And so three weeks later we came, we got the payoff And it was okay. Three weeks later, we came back to LA Cross me and STO for the cage match.


And Vern and Greg were on their yearly Aspen vacation. The ez where they go up? Yeah. Yeah. Where, where they go up to Aspen and ski and have fun. That's what they were doing. Then when we had the, the rematch in lacrosse, And it was in the cage and the house jumped, I think 20 to $25,000 Right. In business. And I got my paycheck and I got less money. Hmm. And this was at a time when Hogan had just jumped and I got paid, the house went up and I got paid less.


And Gez were on their vacation while I knew who was paying for the vacation we were. And so I came up to Wally Carone. I said, Wally, what the hell is this? I said, the house jumps 25,000 bucks and I get less money. I said, well, the next time I hope nobody's there, I'll get more money. I said, what kind of bullshit is this? Right? And, and this is at a time he should have been taking care of his wrestlers, not cheating them. So that was that. And that's what happened in Look. And that was the final straw for me. I said, I'm jumping into Vince Best, best guy you ever wrestled against.


Most impressed you were by another wrestler. Who was it Of a say that again. All right. You wrestled a bunch of guys. Yeah. From 75 to 86. Who was the best one? Who was the best in ring guy you wrestled? I don't know who the best was, but the guy I liked to wrestle and work with the most was Tito Santana. Really? Why? Because Tito and I go back to the a WA and we, we were on the same wavelength. He, he understood my style and he adapted completely to me.


And he had total confidence than it was when it was his time. I would always give it to him. And I never had a bad match ever with Tito Santana. I would say Right with him would be Jimmy Nuka. Mm. You know, My first favorite Jimmy, Jimmy Ska, Tito Santana Was, was Ska doing the stuff in Portland? Was he doing the jump off the top rope? All that stuff. Even in the mid seventies, he Was doing everything. And everyone was saying, Jimmy, why are you wasting it here? Get to New York. Right. You need a bigger audience there. Had there, there had to been 10 to 15 people that told Jimmy Snooker to get to New York.


Geez. And I, and I was one of them because I wanted him there. 'cause I knew I wouldn't be far behind him. Right. And if I, and if he wasn't a villain out there, I knew I'd get to work with him. Right. What was the most memorable main event that you did a broadcast for? Because I have a couple in my head. What's the most memorable match I ever did was Macho and Steamboat. That's the greatest match in Wrestle Three. That WrestleMania three. What about the Twin Hebner? You did that one right? Probably. I think so. Would that When Hogan lost the title 'cause the twin referee came out. Oh yeah. I, I vaguely remember it now.


That was a good one. Yeah. The Hepner Brothers. Yeah. That was a good one. See you reminding me of this stuff. I don't have memory of a lot of it. Yeah. You're in the grind. And, and I, and I'll tell you why. When Hogan got me bumped out, WCW that was it. It's just, I moved on, stopped watching. I didn't pay attention. I, I vaguely only remember the, the, the Rock against Stone Cold. Yeah. I know that was huge. But I, I wasn't watching it. It had nothing to do with me. What? And I, I moved on, put it this way.


I moved on with my life wasn't Good. You moved on, Move forward. Wasn't I, I wasn't gonna let wrestling define me. So Running Man versus Predator, what movie gets mentioned more to you over the last Oh, Predator 35 years. Predator More. Okay. Predator. Predator. What is the number one thing they, that you get asked about? It. It's my film. No. Certain films have lines that define them. And if you go to Predator, You have the, you the most famous Line. My line is the defining line of the movie.


I ain't got Time to Bleed. I can't argue With that. Just as Arnold. Okay. Just as in Terminator. Arnold's, I'll be back. So have you told Arnold this? Hey, just FYII had the best line of Predator. No. No. Why would I do that? You should because you could. That's up, that's all up to, that's all there. There's no one that can say it was or wasn't. That's all up to the discretion of anybody. I'm just saying 20th Century Fox printed it on a T-shirt. And, and no, I I I feel great because every film usually has one line that defines it. Yeah. And I had a supporting role.


In fact, the biggest complaint that I receive on Predator is that I died too soon. Well, that's my biggest complaint. But see, then I have to inform you it had to be that way. Why? Why? We could've, you could've made it 15 more minutes. No, No, no. It had to be that way. You know why, Why? I was the toughest guy. And you noticed I was the only one that had a funeral. Right. All right. Yeah. Okay. And here's the biggest thing when I died, is when the platoon went to shit, The stakes got higher.


Blaine was dead. Blaine, Dutch die. Now we're in trouble. Doesn't die. Blaine doesn't die. This guy is the closest thing to Superman. He's been through all these wars, all these incursions walked out of every one of 'em. How can Blaine be dead? What could kill Blaine? That's why I had to die. Remember when Sonny Lando turns and says, we're all gonna die? Because why? Blaine was dead. And you were there for the van, the v dom stuff. Vanda the Van Dam playing the Predator for like a couple minutes. Right. And then he got fired.


Yeah. I was there when John came down. So when, so when he became a star later, were you like that guy? No. Not at all. John had Jean Claude had talent. Jean Claude. He was living out of his trunk at the time when I met him. Yeah. And that was the first job he ever got. And I think he didn't understand that. He thought he was gonna be running through the jungle and all the girls were gonna see his handsome pretty face. And I don't, and I think when he got down there, he realized nobody was going to see his pretty face. Right. He was going to be inside of some type of suit. And they hired him. 'cause they thought he'd be agile with his karate stuff.


Well, he wasn't not In that suit. No. And he le and they fired him. And they got Kevin Peter Hall, a seven foot, one black man. And Kevin filled out the suit a lot better. What, how much, how much input? I don know. I never saw the Predator ever. What do you mean? Until a screening in Chicago. Wow. How And And what's good about that? I'm not supposed to see it. It's invisible, isn't it? Well, when you watch it now, the special effects we didn't have in the eighties, it was, was tough. It was invisible. That's why I couldn't see it in the first place.


I only saw it for the first time at a screening in Chicago. We had to pretend it was killing us. We couldn't see it. I never saw what it was gonna look like. You were just acting. Yes. I I never saw the Predator till they created it long after we were done shooting. How much input did you have over Captain Freedom's workout video In Running Man? In Running Man Complete. Hey, you had a whole workout video in that, A Complete Freedom like my name. Do you wanna hear the backstory? Yeah. Oh, it's a great one.


Running Man. So I'm the retired stalker who now has this physical fitness show on tv, right? Yeah. That's, that's what I do now. As well as Color commentate the, the the Running Man game. Right. And so I have my workout thing in the day. So what occurred was this, when they needed to do that, she wasn't famous yet for singing. That was due to happen in like a year or two. But they sent me over to this nice little beautiful young woman by the name of Paula Abdul. Mm. And they sent me over to her dance studio.


'cause Paula's one of the, at the time, one of the top choreographers in Hollywood. And I'll never forget, she knew what she had to do. I knew basically what I was there for. And I remember Paula Abdul, she got famous singing a couple years later, but she came up to me that day And it was hilarious. I'm 260 pounds, this hulking big monster. And she's this bitsy little tiny girl athletic as hell can do all this. Got these skinny girls that can do all this dancing in Hollywood. And she looks at me and she goes, looks at me and smiles.


And she says, what can you do? What was the answer? Wait, Wait. And I looked at her and at the time at home I had started taking aerobics and I had done aerobics. I challenged myself. I had gotten up to level three, an hour and a half with David Gray, the Crystal Light National Aerobics Champion. Hmm. He was my instructor in Minneapolis, the Crystal Light National Aerobics champion. So I looked at Paula Abdu, I said, well, I said, for the last few months I'm getting ready for this.


I've been doing aerobics. She looked at me a big smile. She says, great. She goes, you do aerobics, we'll dance around you. I went, okay. And that's what we did. There you go. I went out and went through aerobic routines and Paula choreographed all the girls to dance around my routines and make it work. And there you have Captain Freedom's workout. So you worked with Hogan and Schwarzenegger during this mid eighties testosterone, very patriotic time in America.


And Stallone. So where, when did you work with Stallone Demo? Man, That was, yeah, that was nineties though. I was thinking more eighties. Well, Okay. That was late nineties. And they also cut their fight scene completely. Well I was gonna say I, 'cause you couldn't have worked with Stallone in the eighties 'cause you were so much bigger than him. I don't know how they would've done that. I was bigger than him in the nineties too. Well, that's the thing. I don't, I forgot. I don't have to lean into Mike. No, no, No. But I mean, it is funny 'cause that era of era, a lot of muscles, predator's, the peak of it. 'cause Pet Predator just has entire bicep scenes. It was just closeup of oiled biceps just where we were in 1987.


Well, The great thing about Arnold is he is not insecure. Yeah. When you've won Mr. Olympia seven times, come on you. That's the best built man in the world. Yeah. And he won it seven times. Arnold, Arnold doesn't have insecurities. Arnold doesn't care that I'm two or three inches taller than him. He's, that doesn't bother him. Yeah. You're playing pranks on the set with him. There's good YouTube stuff about you playing pranks with that. Trying to convince people you had bigger biceps than him. All that stuff. Oh, I think that really got blown out of proportion.


I, we, we did. We did more. I don't know. The thing about doing a Schwarzenegger film is you're gonna have fun. Yeah. That's the fun part about it. Arnold never takes himself too seriously. Only when he has to, you know, you know I was also in the trailer with him sitting right there When these guys came up to him. We weren't even finished doing Predator. Yeah. And these guys were approaching him about the Sequel Predator two, Which they did Without him. I, I won't wait. I won't say the money 'cause it's no one's business.


Yeah. But I sat right there and they offered Arnold, and this was 19 85, 86. They offered him so much money to do Predator two when they, and he turned them down flat when they left. I looked at him and I said, Arnold, it's just him and I, I said, how in the hell do you turn down? And I said, the figure Arnold looked at me and smiled. You know what he said to me, Jesse, the time is not right. That's it. And it, and it was right. Yeah. The Predator sequel was a bomb.


People know, look at what he did on Terminator. He made them wait seven years. He made the public want the sequel. Smart. I mean, he, he constructed his career the best. If you come out with a se, if you come out with a sequel immediately after the film, everybody knows it's just a money ripoff. That's true. They're capitalizing on the Arnold wouldn't fall victim to that. He, the money he turned down, you would've been astounded. And he turned him, I won't say 'cause it's no one's business. But in fact I raised, I said, Hey, Blaine will do bring Blaine's twin brother.


He'll do it for half. I said, you can resurrect me. I'll SA brother. Oh my God. There he is. Blaine's twin brother. There he is. He'll do it for Half. He's fighting in Korea. When, when Arnold r in California, did he talk to you about it? Because you had already been through it to Minnesota, just did it. No, Arnold and I never discussed politics once during my campaign or during his, he lives in California. I live in Minnesota. Why am I gonna campaign for him in California? What the hell is he gonna say in Minnesota? Well, I don't think he had the campaign, but he could ask you for advice about being a non politician who's a celebrity trying to run the stuff.


Didn't Need it. He didn't need it and needed it. I, we both won, didn't we? Interest. So we must have did it right, didn't we? And then Trump does it in 2016. Well, and steal some of your playbook. He took all of it. He's still riding it. And they won't admit it. They won't. He took all of it. Took my playbook every, I didn't raise money. I held rallies. You know how much money I raised to become governor? Wasn't it like less than a million bucks? 300,000. Yeah. That's all I raised. If I ran for, I, I'll tell you what, I, I could have beat either one. I could have won the presidency if I had, if Mark Cuban would've backed me financially.


Like who do you call it? Back Trump. I'd have beat both of them if I'd wanted to. What year? 2016. Right now. And Trump knows it. You wanna know why he knows it. He's in the Pro Wrestling Hall of Fame. He knows damn well I'm the greatest talker there's ever been in wrestling. He knows damn well he couldn't hold a candle to me. If I had a debate with him, the best thing he could do would be sit in the chair, keep his mouth shut and let me talk. Yeah. Physically he would be able to intimidate you. Oh, not a bit. Donald Trump knows. Deep in his heart. And Jesse Venturas never lost an election.


I would've been the biggest threat he'd ever had out there because I'd have beat him. Well, he wrote, he wrote a Book and you know why else I'd have beat him. I ain't a criminal. He wrote a book in 2000 and he was talking about how you got elected Governor of Minnesota. And he said it's because he talks straight non politicians like Ventura the wave of the future. He wrote that in 2000. He wasn't wrong on that one. Yeah. Yes, he was though in a way. 'cause he didn't talk straight. Well, I'm just saying non politicians. He, He took it beyond that. He took it to wrestling. Lied about everything. Well, and he also learned some stuff from Vince too.


Well, no. No. And I mean, lied about everything. He just say whatever he wanted to say. I'll be interested now in the, and I'll leave it at this. Let's watch in the next four years, how much of that stuff gets implemented? You Liked him in 2015 when he was running. You were for it. No, I wasn't necessarily, I don't support Democrats or Republicans. He joined the Republican party and he even did worse. Yeah. He joined the ultra conservative evangelical. Right. Pretty hard for an agnostic atheist to support that. Why didn't you run again after oh three, Multiple reasons.


Personal, more to do in life. I could have won easily. I remember when I had the highest approval ratings in Minnesota history at 73%, 72%. And I remember right before reelection was due to happen, I had fallen to 49%. And the media immediately challenged me and said, oh my God, for the first time, you're under 50%. I looked at the media and I said, are you guys really that stupid? I said, you must consider something.


It's a three person race. If I'm at 49%, that means I'm up 12. I won with 37. Right. So if I'm now at 49, I'm up 12. I'm, it's a landslide. People forget in a three person race, the dynamics change. You were not a huge fan of the media when you were, when you were governor. Only be mainly because they attacked my children. Hmm. They couldn't attack nothing else. So they had to go after my son. They had to go after my kids. Well, that sounded like that was a big reason why you didn't wanna do it again. One of the reasons.


Yeah. The other was money. You know how much I was being governor for how much, let's get it on the board. Yeah. All right. When I was governor, I got paid 120,000 a year. You know how much the football coach at the University of Minnesota makes four to 5 million a year. Right. So I guess coaching football has more responsibility than being governor. I can only assume that by how our society pays. The governor makes, now he makes 150, but at my time it was 120 and the football coach makes 4 million, 5 million.


Okay. Out of the 120,000 I had to pay taxes. Yeah. Right. Out of the 120,000, I also had to pay for my car. That drove me around. They deduct the mileage to and from the capitol. They only let you have it during the workday. So I said to them, okay, I'll drive my private car to the capitol, then I'll take the governor's car so I don't get charged money. Oh. Public safety come in and said, you can't do that. Why we need you in the governor's car because it's got the weapons and the safety and the radios.


So it's a catch 22. They stick make you use the car and then charge you for it. It, it don't end there. You know what else? I had to pay for every meal that me and my family ate at the governor's residence is deducted outta my pay. So you were like writing books when you were in office. You were doing a bunch of different things to try to make more money. Well, I was, I was being governor of Minnesota in the end, I'd say for 40 grand a year. Yeah. There you go. And, and I'm in charge of a $16 billion budget.


What do you think I'd be making if I was the CEO in the private sector of a $16 billion company if I was the CEO 120 a year? Well, it sounds like you should have been the football coach. Yeah. It pays a lot better. I might, I might even win more. But anyway. No, that was a reason I didn't run again. Yeah. Being honest, the money. Oh, I could have, I guess I could have made more money if I wanted to become corrupt. You know, if I'd have wanted to sell, gonna say sold to rock and roll. Yeah. And take some payola. I I suppose there was money to be made.


Jesse was just too naive and Jesse's just too honest. I don't do that. I, that's called public service. I did 14 years of it, six in the Navy, four as a governor and four as a mayor. Looking back, what was the most fair criticism of you as a politician? Probably that I speak first before I think that I'll react and say something that I'll then they'll, I'll have to make amends for it. Because you're in the political arena. That's what's wonderful now about coming back to wrestling. Yeah. You don't have to worry about that. Right.


Handcuffs are off. I can say anything I want about anyone. It sounds like you're excited about this. I am. I'm very excited about it. I mean, I, I, well, I I don't discuss finances, but it's acceptable and I'll be doing four a year. Yeah. Well, the bigger thing is that you're, you're back, which always felt stupid that you weren't back. I'm back. And, and, and, and for me it's, it's, it's concluding a career that probably never should have finished.


Right. And maybe now there'll be closure. Yeah. Jesse can broadcast till he dies and then they can have my WWE funeral. Well, I said you don't know. I, you said you don't like looking back, but when I think of the eighties as wrestling blows up, I mean you're, you're right at the center of all of it. Hogan's leading the way and there's probably like 5, 6, 7, 8 other guys right behind who helping push it up. You were one of those people. Sure. And I especially like the TV stuff was so good. Wrestling changed then from becoming a live spectator sport, drawing the money Territorial lives, The, the big money then became television.


Yeah. Like it is in all sports. I remember when I broadcast football for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. Hmm. I did their two years of Buccaneer football down in Tampa. And I remember that Hugh Culver house paid off. He was the owner of the Bucks. He paid all his bills, including all the players, everything with his TV contract so that people in the seats, that was all his profit. He, he, he all the people that sold out Tampa Stadium every week to see the Bucks play that was pure Hughes money.


Jesus. Because, because the TV contract paid for all the rest. So as we head into 2025, you're getting closure with wwe. You're gonna be back on TV a little bit. D before we go, how you feeling about politics in the mid 2000 twenties? Because you never really liked the two party system and you're a huge critic of it. That was really one of your pieces of your platform. Where are we now? As we headed to the mid 2020s? We're still part of the two party dictatorship. I like to, to, I like to steal that term from my friend Ralph Nader. Ralph used that, the two party dictatorship, because that's what it is. It's a two party dictatorship. The only problem I here, you wanna know where I'm at.


It's simple. It's real simple. I took an oath over 50 years ago and I took this oath before I married my wife. And this summer my wife and I are going to celebrate our 50th wedding anniversary. Wow. Congrats. Well, I'd like to proudly say, name me any other couple in wrestling who can now say they're gonna celebrate their 50th wedding anniversary. Wow. Well, but I took this oath before. I took an oath to her and I honor my oath obviously to her for 50 years now.


And the oath I took before that was the oath to the Constitution of the United States of America. I took an oath to that constitution and unfortunately January 6th, in my opinion, and I don't give a shit what anyone else says. I watched it. Our constitution was attacked and violated and there was an attempted coup deta. And the people that did it, in my opinion, committed treason. And they should have been convicted for their treasonous activity of overrunning our capital and carrying a confederate flag through my capital of the United States of America.


They carried a confederate flag, the Republicans, and they have not apologized for it. Not one of them. And they still today have not apologized for it. And what did they do? They didn't get convicted for it. So they rallied up and they now have taken the power and the control. So as far as I'm concerned, this country doesn't have a constitution anymore because the people in charge don't care about a constitution. They violated it, it already and they'll violate it again as soon as they need to.


Oof. That's a tough way to end the convo. But I guess we're gonna end it there. Well Please, I'm not saying you're wrong. Please, please correct me if I'm wrong. I didn't say you're wrong. No, I'm just saying that and I, people may say I I've sure got a narrow Yeah I do. Because I took an oath to defend the Constitution of the United States of America and I failed. And I don't like to fail. And let's remember something, I believe it was Ben Franklin said to us, we've given you a republic, if you can keep it. Well, I believe we lost it this year. Jesse Ventura, it was great to finally have you on the pod.


Congrats on returning to the WW e December 14th Saturday night's main event. You're back. Well what you got today is just a sample. I can't wait. Doing again. Great to see you. I'm glad you're doing well. Take care. Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Jesse Ventura. Thanks to Joe House. Thanks to Steve Sar and Kyle Crichton. Thanks to everybody who came to the live show in Denver. I'll be back on Sunday. You can join me and the cause on Sunday night on my YouTube feed, the Bill Simmons channel. Maybe I'll make a appearance on The Ringer Sunday program show on YouTube today as well. Who knows?


Depends what kind of mood I'm in. Enjoy the weekend. I'll see you on Sunday night. Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino are 18 plus and President DC Gambling problem. Call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut.


Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling help line ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 HOPE ny. Or text HOPE NY in New York.