
This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA, the official beer partner of the NBA. What do I love about the NBA championship? Well, first of all, I love when the Celtics win, but that's not happening this year. But you know what? I really love the drama, the pressure. Everything goes to the highest level. Guys are injured, guys are banged up. Guys are hungry. It just brings out the best of everything. And MLO Bal Ultra is helping you celebrate like a champion with a chance to win your own limited edition championship bottle. Just like those gifted to the NBA players during the championship parade. Enter now at Michelob ULTRA dot com slash courtside slash champs bottles Michelob Belcher courtside, Victor Solomon Champs bottle sweepstakes, no purchase necessary. Open to US residence 21 plus ends June 22nd, 2025. See official rules@michelobbelcher.com slash rules for free entry prizes and details, message and data rates may apply void. Where prohibited.


The Bill Simmons Podcast is brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. I have new re watchable is coming for you. Not Monday night, Tuesday night. It's New York City month. We're doing Marathon Man, Dustin Hoffman, sir Lawrence Olivier, the William Goldman book that turned into a movie directed by John Schlesinger. It's part of New York City Month. It's a really good one. Me and Chris Ryan, we recorded it today. Had a great time. And that will be running on Tuesday night this week because we are running a very special Monday night podcast. Coming off Game five Pacers, OKC, you saw what happened. OKC won the game. They took a three two lead in the series and our old friend Doc Rivers is gonna be joining us to break down everything that he saw and ask him some other NBA questions too.


We haven't talked to him since you just coached another year with the Bucks. That is all Coming up. Next we're gonna take a break and then we're gonna get to Pearl Jam. I'm not gonna talk about the Red Sox today, maybe midweek or Thursday. The the Endeavors trade controversial dumped money that they probably should have dumped and yet, because it's the Red Sox 'cause of what's happened, It lasts seven years. The Red Sox fans are pissed. Anyway, lot to cover. I'll probably have to bring in a guest for that one. But anyway, Coming up Doc Rivers, first to break them Pro Jam.


This episode is presented by State Farm. It's no secret that great teams need great teammates. I've been saying this for years. And when it comes to Insurance State Farm is there to help you find the right coverage for your home car and more. Whether you need an in-person or a digital assist, they're ready when life hits you with a full court press, get a game plan that helps fit your life. Talk to State Farm today. State Farm with the Assist coverage options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state.


Alright, we're recording eight 30 Pacific Time. Doc Rivers is here. He's, it's been a while for us. We just watched game five of the 2025 finals. You're, you're in Florida. I'm in California. I guess that's The Jalen Williams Game. There might be many more games for him to come, but Yeah. Yeah. That's The Jalen Williams Game. Yeah, and the Shea game. And I really think it was more the Oklahoma bench game. You know, it's amazing Bill. I don't know how often this happens, but the role players play better at home and you know, obviously, you know, so did the Pacers role players on the road. They all play well as well. And, and obviously Haliburton, I think he's injured, didn't have a lot tonight.


But at the end of the day, Jalen Shaa and the role players were the difference in the game. So Jalen Williams over the course of the playoffs where you think he's gotta be at least a Pippin, right? Not to, not to compare anyone to Michael Jordan, but he is gotta be the Robin, the Pippin, that that side, it's like, is this a year too early for him? Is this Scotty Pippen in 1990 or is he actually ready for this? And the way he's played It lasts three nights, especially tonight. This felt like Pippin in 91 when they just blew the doors outta anybody. And he's guarded magic. And he just went up and it was like, oh shit, this guy's like one of the best 12, 13 guys in the league now.


The stuff he was doing off the dribble, how comfortable he was going left hand, going right hand. I I, I don't know what the ceiling is anymore for him. Doc, You know what's, what's interesting is a couple things. Number one last year he really struggled. Everyone forced him, right? That was, that was the scouting port that every team had. If you can force him, right? He struggled. He went back to the lab, worked on it all summer. There's nothing better from a coach standpoint when you see a player come back the next NBA season and has worked on all the things that he needed to work on. And he went back. I mean, I can't imagine the hours that he put in, but then I thought he was struggling a tad bit at the beginning of this series.


And, and Bill, this is where, you know, the difference meets like some guys kind of wilt under that pressure back to back years. And it's almost like he has willed himself. Like, no, I I ain't, I'm that guy. I've arrived and I'm gonna prove it and I'm not going to be denied. That's playing physical as I've seen. I went to the two Indiana games and I thought, especially in the second half of game four, he really took it to Kom and he took it to him physically and just athletically everything. But really physically, that's the big difference I've noticed just in seeing him in person over the course of It lasts couple years, is he's starting to use his body in a different way, combined with the speed.


And now guys are playing off him. 'cause they, they know they're gonna lose the, the bounce off stuff. But I remember, you know, not to bring Giannis into this so early, but I remember when Giannis started to figure that out, the first couple years of his career where he had the athleticism, but as he got stronger, he figured out how to use his body and bounce off dudes. And it feels like that's happening for, for Williams. You've gone against him. You went against him in the cup, by the way. Congrats on the Commissioner's Cup. Yeah. Yeah. I guess we haven't had you on the pod since you won the commissioner's Cup. We haven't talked since then. My gosh. Well, thank you. That forever ago. Did you bring the trophy to Florida or you, where'd you keep it in your house? I, I kept it in Milwaukee right where it should belong, you know, Well Congrat on that.


Well, thank you. And I will say our thoughts going into that game and, and we got away with it. Our size kind of ate them up. Like we were, we were the more physical team you can see that we knew we had to make it a physical contest. We knew going into that game, if we made it about athleticism and speed, then we had no chance. But if we made it about size and power that they had no chance and, and that's why we won that game. What I'm impressed with, with Williams and Shay, I don't think we, we talk enough about Shay is not only do they play through the physical con contact now, but they get their balance back. See, a lot of people can take a hit.


Most people can't get back on balance. Take a shot. That little turnaround, the little shimmy turnaround that he shot towards the, I think it was the end of the third or the beginning of the fourth. He didn't have that game. He didn't have that midseason and now he's still adding as the playoffs is going on. So it, it's pretty impressive. So do you think they learned anything from that Commissioner's Cup game? Is where does that question is? Because I remember we were talking about that during the holidays and you were like, yeah, we, we were able to overpower them. I'm not sure anyone's overpowering this version of the Thunder, right? No. And I do think, you know, it's funny when Mark said after that game, this is something, this is a lesson that, that we'll put into our bag and, and that we've learned that there's another brand of physicality that we're gonna have to come up with.


And I thought, you know, I don't know if that game mattered or it did matter, but I don know if that game taught him anything. But I do know that they put that in and said, we cannot let a team just play bully ball against us. And that's what we, we virtually did. So what did you see from tonight? You know, Indiana dominates OKC, well they didn't dominate, but the first three quarters of game four, they're in control of the game. It feels like they have it. They're up up 10 for like three minutes near the end of the third quarter and they can't kind of put the game away. OKC can't hit a three, you know, and then KC brings the game back at their defense. What was different about tonight? Well, first the game the other night, I, I thought that was the first time in the end of looked up and start thinking results for a second.


You know, and, and it happens in the finals, man, you, you look at that scoreboard and you're thinking, man, we win this game. We went away. I, I thought Indiana played differently in the fourth quarter. I thought they blew it to end the third. I think I text you and say, wow, this game should be a 10 to 12 point game and it's now six or four or whatever it was. And that allowed Oklahoma back in it. And you know, as good as Indiana is down the stretch, Oklahoma's pretty good because they have Shea. And that's, that was Shea's game to me the other night. Tonight's was Jaylen's game. Today was a different pace. What they do, bill, they don't stop, you know, they just keep coming.


They keep coming, they keep playing, they keep playing and then eventually you wear down. I thought there were points in the game tonight that Oklahoma was close to going to the other way, you know, the end would turn the ball over, someone would take a bad shot, which in Indiana did more tonight than I've seen all year. And then Jalen Williams just took the game over. So that's the difference. Yeah, I had written down, so it was, They got it to two the first part of the fourth quarter with that. Incredible to teach him. McConnell brings him back in the third quarter. He is 15. He's doing every, he's playing the, it's like TJ McConnell greatest hits. Basically They got it to two OKC misses, big offensive rebound swings out to Jalen Williams, he hits a three, then turnover, they get a fast break.


Wallace layup, all of a sudden it's seven again. So there was this split second where it felt like, oh my God, Indiana's gonna do the thing they did for the first three rounds. And then it just flipped almost immediately. I mean, the offensive rebounds in this game, at one point there was 32 combined. I'm just seeing what they, what we ended with, we ended with, you Know what it was though? They, they were 37 Offensive rebound stock for 37 in the game for both sides. But none of them were at the rim. It felt like, because there were a lot of long threes, there were a lot of long rebounds. And there was a stretch where Indiana was getting off of. I thought Mathy did a great job on the glass just collecting them. They're just scrappy.


But then I thought Stein got a huge one. You know, both teams are really working the glass because what, what's going on in this series? This seems like there's a stretch in every game where one team goes small and the other team is bigger and the bigger team dominates the glass. And that happened again tonight. So we watched game one of Celtics Knicks together and you were calling out all the hunting that was going on, on both sides, right. And you know, you, you, that was pretty early in a series for two teams to try to figure out what they wanna do offensively as this series went along, we had game four where they tried to do the, with SGA setting screens for Jalen Williams and them trying to do that two man game.


That was the only way to unlock how bad their three point shooting was. What did you, what did they figure out tonight? Because it seemed like a lot of it was Jaylen Williams just going downhill and Shea, they scored most of the points. And then Wallace and Wiggins, I think they had like six threes between them. That's it. But did you see anything else they figured out? Yeah, I thought dribble penetration. I, I thought Oklahoma made a concerted effort, especially early in the game to get to the paint. Yeah. And They got to the paint and made plays not necessarily shooting the ball. You know, Shaa had a better assists night that didn't take but one, but he had Right, he had more cysts than night. And I thought they set the tone early with their dribble penetration and those guys made shots. Right.


And then down the stretch, because the other guys were making shots, it felt like Indiana, they didn't leave guys as easy as they'd been leaving guys. They were worried about Oklahoma making threes tonight. Yeah. And that allowed Jalen Williams and Shea to get to, they all bows and make shots, you know, and, and that was the difference. I thought the Dr. Dribble penetration, they clearly came into this game thinking, let's get to the paint. So they had a 40 32 lead with eight minutes left in the second quarter, 40 points for OKC. They had 12 assists. They had 10 on game four. So you're right. It was like, they made a concerted effort. The ball's gotta move forward when they move the ball and that just opens up.


Yeah. That's, that's, that's what falls apart on The road. I think. I thought we keep going back to game four. I kept thinking in game four we, a, a very important stat for coaches is shot quality, like your shot quality. Like, you know, you can, you can win a game and have poor shot quality because you've had shot makers. And Oklahoma wins a lot of games because Shea and Jaylen Williams are able to make tough shots. But when you watch that game four, every shot Indiana took was wide open and They got it from ball movement to making the next shot. And every shot Oklahoma took was contested and tough. And that's how Indiana got that big lead. And then in the fourth quarter it flipped and then it carried back over to tonight.


Oklahoma was making plays for each other. They were making the extra pass. Indiana always plays that way. So they still got theirs. The difference is Oklahoma shot quality tonight was really good. Yeah. And it's because they made extra passes. Yeah. So game the second half of game four was just about as good defensively as I've ever seen anyone play in person. It was, it was crazy. And it got to the point where it just felt like over and over again with seven seconds left on the shot clock, Indiana was 30 feet from the basket trying to figure out, okay, now I, I guess I gotta get a shot up. They carried that over into the first half I felt like. Okay. C They really did.


And, and, and Bill, the biggest difference is that Oklahoma has a guy like right, they, they can play low shot clock games because they have two guys really with Jalen Williams and, and, and Shea in the end, that's the one thing that they really don't have. They have a lot of guys that make plays, but they don't have the one guy maybe aka because if you get the ball, the aka on the elbow in the right place, right? He's, he's pretty dynamic, right? But, but other than that they don't, that's not how they play. They don't play the iso end of the clock game. And, and Oklahoma can do that. And so that's been the difference since, you know, mid second half of game four.


Yeah. So far. And it, and it showed itself today again. Well, so when you hear okay say, I don't know if they're the best defense I've ever seen, but they, they're be one of the first ones I I think of, well, I, I faced the Bulls and So Well that's the thing. So I I, I saw the nine, I saw the nineties Bulls, the, you're talking about oh four pistons. There's, there's been some great ones over the years. The Pistons were, were were physical, you know, so they, they had a brand. Our 2008 Celtics were tough. But I still, listen, I've, I played against all of 'em. And that one year with the Bulls, you know, Ron Harper, Scotty Pippen, yeah, Dennis, Robin, Michael Jordan, I mean those are four elite, elite, elite defenders.


I don't think there was a better defensive team than that with their s size and quickness. But this team is similar. They, they rival it a little bit and they're, they're, they come in droves like the Bulls, when you, you could stop at four, five, they, they're seven to eight deep defensively. You don't hear that very often when you talk about teams, usually the great defensive teams, they have a one or two guys that are great defensively, then everybody else or more team defenders, what separates Oklahoma. And you can put Indiana who's very underrated defensively. They have a ton of solid individual defensive players and that's what makes this series so intriguing.


Yeah, I'm glad you brought up the nineties Bulls. 'cause it's the only other time I've ever seen that in person of, of people, multiple guys picking up ball handlers at mid court and it almost seeming like defensive backs, like jamming the line of scrimmage on receivers and the receivers being unable to get off the line of scrimmage, like what they were doing to Haliburton. And today he was hurt, which we'll talk about in a second. But yeah, he wasn't, not only was he not getting the spots he wanted to go to, they were disrupting him 45 feet from the basket, which is what the, what those Bulls teams used to do. They used to be like two pit Bulls wait, waiting for people at mid court. One of the things the Bulls did that I don't think any other team has ever done in the History of the game is the way they trap.


You know, usually what you do is you send a guy to the sideline and then you, you bring them back to the middle and you trap the Bulls actually would send a guy to the sideline. And as a gardener, I remember this, you thought, okay, now I can beat him down the sideline. But the guy garden would actually beat you to the sideline and then you would turn back and there's another defender and you're basically in, in the web, it's over. No one's ever been able to do that type of trapping in the front court. They did it in the back court, they did it all the time. And I thought they did one other thing that no one ever talks about, we actually discussed it once. They would trap the passer that was going to throw it to the post.


If you remember that against Orlando. They, they figured out, okay, they're gonna always throw it to the wing to throw it to Shaq. And so what they did, they trapped the passer and the passer now is throwing it out away. He forgets about Shaq. By the time They got it to Shaq, it's three seconds on the clock. I thought that was genius. I mean that was Phil, but that was really, they had four pit Bulls that could get away with it. And I've never seen a team do that. I will say Oklahoma, they don't do that. But they have enough the defenders that they may be able to get away with something like that. Yeah, I would say the difference between them and the Bulls defensively. The Bulls probably had the higher ceiling with those four, but there's a relentlessness 'cause they just bring more guys in.


It's like, yes, now this guy's in really, and and it just kind of never stops. Yeah. Listen, Caruso, can you imagine you're already struggling trying to score and then they bring Caruso in. You know, that, that is unbelievable when you think about it. So as a coach, because you're, you're coaching the Milwaukee Bucks right now and you're in this league that has Oklahoma City in it that I don't even feel like is the team they're gonna be two, three years from now, right? This is, they're at like the start of whatever journey it is. I don know if it's gonna be two years, five years, seven years. But it's the beginning of it when you see that they're already at this point now, how many teams can you remember since you've been playing our coaching where you're going, oh shit, not only are they the best team right now, but we're not even where we're gonna go yet.


Well listen, we, we've both been around this league a long time and you're right today, but you know, this league, I, I still remember Jeff, Ben Gandhi, Mark Jackson and Mike Green talking about the Oklahoma City Thunder and when they were losing to Miami, well this is a tough loss, but they'll be back here over and over again. This is the first time they've been back, so you can never take it for granted. And they also have some things Coming up called max contracts and, and paying guys. And you know, what Sam has done is amazing when you think about it. He's done this without, you know, Shay really, but next year after this season or in a year, they're gonna have to start paying guys and then all of a sudden they probably won't be as deep as they are now because they're gonna have to make some tough decisions.


They, they've done this once and they decided on, who did they decide on over Harden? I can't remember the, the center that was, it was, It was hard in and they kept a Bacca and Perkins basically. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So they kept ABA at the time over hardened, which turned out to be, you know, not the best decision in the world. And I think honestly I thought they felt like Harden wanted to go somewhere and have his own team. So, you know, they were making the decisions more about team building than just about individual talent. So it looks a lot worse than what it actually is, but that's the only thing that's gonna slow this team down. And like, you know, I'm a coach in the NBA, I wanna win a title, right?


You know, the earliest if, if, if Oklahoma City wins this one, then, then they, they've been made. You know, I always use that word. You've been made and now you're gonna have to deal with them. Nothing. Once you win, nothing can shake your confidence. The only way you knock them out now is you're gonna have to kill them. So this series isn't over, but we do know, and that's gonna happen with either team that wins it, but especially Oklahoma because they're so young. We're gonna take a quick break, come back, talk about Halbert.


This episode is brought to you by Vrbo, private Vacation Rentals, Vrbo. You can save over $200 on select homes when you stay for a week or more. Say if you wanted to go catch a couple baseball games in Boston, take some time off work flying to Beantown, watch the socks play after that. You can do anything. You can go book a Vrbo in Cape Cod for a week. The world is your oyster or your lobster roll or clam trotter really it has shells, gills in its indigenous to the Atlantic. It's your edible metaphor of choice. They're crustacean crazy around there. Guess what? Since you stayed longer than a week, you saved over $200. You know what that means? More shellfish. I love shellfish. Hope you're not allergic Next vacation. Stay longer and save, make it a Vrbo.


Haliburton was clearly hurt. I don't know when it happened. And we live in this culture, especially when there's time between games when whoever didn't play well in the previous finals game, that that's a person that just takes all the shit for the next 36 hours. He didn't look right. It's interesting watching this in the 2025 context because we've seen some awesome players now have calf strains try to play through them and then something more horrible happens, right? Durant was the most famous example Tatum in in the Nick series. I don't think his legs were a hundred percent before that happened. So in the back of your head, you're watching this and on the one hand, especially your generation, it's like you're hurt, get out there, keep playing, you gotta help the team.


But that has become the scariest injury I feel like in sports now when somebody has calf strain and they're stretching it out and I'm just like, yo, be careful he didn't look the same. I don't know when the injury was, but can Indiana beat them with a compromised Haliburton? I would say no way. They Can't, they can't beat 'em without Haliburton being solid. The one thing I will say is Haliburton is never gonna be that guy that gives you 30, it's just not in his DNA He can at times. But what Haliburton does is so underrated to me Bill because he, he plays the right way. There was in game three, I think it was game three, what if, whichever game game four, the game they won.


So game three, game Three, Haliburton Made back to back threes I think. And the ball swung to him and 90% of the league would've taken the shot. Heat check. Heat check. And, and he pump faked drove to the basket and he got say Alima wide open shot and that's who he is. You know, he wants to make plays. That's why Indiana plays, right, because their best player always plays, right. The problem with that is now you're in the finals and there's a microscope on you to score. That's not what he is. You know, he can score and there's gonna be games that he has big games, but what he can do is run a basketball team.


And that's why Indiana is where they're at, is because the way Haliburton plays. Yeah, I've been saying that on my podcast for the whole finals, that when people are like, he's gotta step up, they need him to score more. I'm just like, that's just a fundamental misunderstanding of who he is. We Steve Nash, that's exactly right. You coach Chris Paul. Chris Paul didn't wanna score 35 points in a finals game. He wanted to have 20 and 12 or 18 and 14. That's who he is. If Chris Paul was taking 20 to 25 shots in a game, odds are it was going badly for you. Right? Yeah. Even magic, you know? Yeah. Magic Johnson, I mean magic could score and when, when, you know, the difference was when he wanted to score, he could just score.


You know, he is just bigger than everybody. But at the end of the day, yeah, at the end of the day, you know the game game six Philadelphia, his rookie year, he proved, yeah, I can score when I need to. But what he wanted to do is, is is make everybody on his team better his team. And he did that and that's why they won. Yeah. So I don dunno, when people criticize him for the scoring, I'm like, alright, but, but he, I don't think he had the same explosiveness. And you know, this is one of things I wanted, I don I don't think he's had it for two games. I, I think it's, I don't think this injury happened tonight, right? I think this has been going on for at least two games now. Well this is one of the things I wanted to ask you because you played in the eighties and nineties and obviously there's more, there's definitely more running.


The defense is a little fiercer Now you got more ground to cover. And some of these games, like I I was just in disbelief in game three and four just being there, how hard everyone plays for two and a half hours and how fast everyone's going. And is, is basketball becoming unsustainable at the speed we're playing it? Are we, are we actually putting too much on these dudes? Because when you watch it, it's like I don't understand how they're, how these guys are upright after two hours when you're watching it just as a coach. Well you do remember, No, but you do remember in the seventies every team shot a hundred shots. Both teams always got a hundred field goals a night.


Now there was no three point line and people took shots quicker. So the game was at a faster pace. And then when the three point line came in, shooting percentages plummeted, scoring plummeted, and now it's kind of caught back up. It's the seventies with a three point line. That's basically what has happened now faster. But do you feel like it's as physical as the seventies though? No, but I do think one thing, I love what the league did mid-season last year. Physicality is back. It's not what it was because I do think, and that's just hard for me to say, there was a line that was crossed at some point where the game got so physical it became ugly.


But I love how they, they're officiating the games. I get so upset when there's attacky file that they don't call that they call like the two flagrant in the game. Game four or game three were ridiculous, you know, I didn't like either one of them. But other than that, so the game is more physical that like the seventies, the pace is faster, the athletes are bigger and faster and yeah, bill, you can make a case, can every team sustain the speed and the pace that the Pacers in Oklahoma are playing at? I guess the other argument to that is yes, because Oklahoma's done it and they're healthy. Indiana has done it now Indiana had a ton of injuries all year, but they're healthy.


They're one of the healthier teams in the BA right now. These two teams that are playing and probably because to me they did play at this pace all year. You know, they, they didn't decondition when the season starts. And I think that happens a lot in our league because we start wrestling. I think a lot of guys decondition when the season start and, and and they're not ramped up. Right. And one of the things a lot of teams are gonna, now we're starting to ramp up for the playoffs. That's what we should have been doing for for It lasts six or seven years and we got away from that. And I think it's important, You know, when you came back to coaching last year and you broke my heart and you left the podcast, you, one of the things you were telling me was, one of the things you were telling me was this is no joke.


Like the way they pressure the ball, the pace that they play with, I'm kind of shocked like how effective it is. I like, especially like how they go 94 feet against the other team's guards and you were like, I don't think people realize how hard it is to play them. And then of course they made the Eastern finals last year, but it seemed like you were, they were on your radar basically the whole time. You're the Bucks code and then of course you early you play them in the playoffs, you don't have Dame. Yeah. Yeah. But honestly Bill, we played them the one time and I came away from that game. It's funny, I called Castel who I talked to still probably way too much. And I said, Sammy, you guys don't wanna see Indiana.


They, they are, they will wear you out and even if you win the series, you may not have anything left to beat the next team. That's just how they play. And you know, one thing we we could do to eliminate it a little bit this year playoffs is we have Giannis and there's, nobody's gonna pressure Giannis or pick him up. So we had kind of a free pass against them this year. Last year we didn't have Giannis and Now you know, Dame and the guards, they were worn out. Now they've been played but two games. But they wore our guards down and you saw them do it against New York. You saw 'em do it again this year. I mean Jalen Brunson looked exhausted at the end of that series this year.


And that's, you look at Shaa times Now, you know there's points in the, they've already have to change their substitution pattern. Oklahoma has so they can have shaa fresh at the end of games. That's all from that constant pressure and they're relentless with it. They don't let up ever and it's rough. Yeah, I noticed that game four, there was a moment in that game where SGA looked like kind of like spent Yes. And he was able to get the second wind and come back in the fourth quarter. But that was the, that was the only time I really thought Indiana was, had a chance to actually win the title. It was during that third quarter. It was mostly 'cause of how shade just looked like a boxer who was like, oh shit, I got three rounds left.


He just had that vibe to him. But he figured it Out. You No, it's funny you said that I'm watching a game with Austin and Seth. Yeah. And, and Austin looked at Seth and says, oh my God, Indiana's about to win the world championship and And that's how you felt in the middle of that third quarter. Yeah. And then Oklahoma took that away. You gotta get Mark a lot of credit though because Mark does not change his rotations very often. And he did in that game and he arrested Shaa, if you remember the beginning of the fourth and then took him out one more time. Yeah. And I thought that was, that was huge for Shaa in Oklahoma to win that game was that little bit of rest.


Did you think Indiana was this good or did they go up a level as this round, as these four rounds went along? Did they, did they kind of push their ceiling up a couple floors? I've always said this bill and the only people that can understand this is people who have gone all the way to the finals. If you look, if you ask every coach that has ever been in the finals about their team at the finals and when they started the playoffs, they will tell you we were a different team by the time we got to the finals. You grow so much, you grow each round. You find things about your team as a coach. The players find things about themselves.


Each round teams get closer and closer. I always say in the first round, every player's still trying to show everybody they can play. They're still worried about half the teams that aren't, you know, the May teams, they're worried about contracts and all the BS they shouldn't be worried about. Then they win that round and all of a sudden teams get a little closer, then they get through that round and they get to the Eastern or Western finals. You are a completely different team. And then when you win that round, you go to a level where there's no more I, you never hear about selfish. How often do you hear about selfish play in the finals? You just don't see it very often. And and I really believe each team grows.


Indiana was good. They were playing great coming into the playoffs, they beat us, they beat Cleveland and they jumped on Cleveland, they beat the Knicks. And if you ask Rick Carlisle right now, he would tell you I believed in this team. But we're way better now than we were in the first round. And that's what happens. You keep growing. That's why when, when you have a team, even like us, you know, if Dame, I just kept looking at our team and I think a lot of coaches believe, and, and I know that because I've been there twice in the finals. I'm looking at our team and I'm looking like Gary TR and AJ Green and all those guys and I'm like man, each round if we can get these guys, they're just gonna keep getting better and better and better.


And then what happens, they bring that back next year. You bring all the atos back next year. You don't have to waste half your training camp, put in new stuff. You've already done it throughout the playoffs and you jump and you, you, it gives you a headstart. Right? And that's where Indiana's at and that's where Oklahoma's at now. And that's where some of the teams that didn't make it, there was some hump that they didn't get over. Yeah. Mean They didn't get over, You weren't surprised by the Indiana Cleveland series and part of it was Garland was hurt. But you thought, you just thought that was a scary matchup for Cleveland Even. You couldn't even, you couldn't have thought Indiana was gonna do that though.


No, I I, I did. I said it out loud that Indiana was gonna win that series because I thought their guard pressure, there are one of the few teams that can match up to the Cleveland Guards. But then, you know, Cleveland had major injuries coming into that when they set guys in game one and two, I said, this series is over, you know? Yeah. The one thing you can't have in the playoffs, your key guys can't be hurt. You have to be healthy to win. You're not, you're not winning anything injured in the NBA playoffs. You mean like when you didn't have Kevin Garnett in 2009 and when Perkins got hurt with two games left this season in? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah. It's hard to win. Lemme put it that way. I, I vaguely remember that this whole superstar, you know, that like this 24 7 sports discourse and we talk about superstars and like I think Halliburton's a superstar, but he doesn't have the stats that show is a superstar.


But you made the key point earlier that you can build a team around what he does, right? Yeah. Isn't that the definition of a superstar or am I crazy? Well I don't know what a superstar is anymore. Yeah, that would be my definition. Anybody, they can make their team a championship level team should be considered a superstar. Right. You know, I use this, and I've said this a million times, I'm sure I've said it on the pod before. One of the most meaningful things that have ever been told to me is by Bill Russell when I brought him in to talk to the team and then he went back in the office, he was talking, I think it was to me and Kevin and he said, if I'm the only one that can be great, our team can never be great.


But if I can be great and give everybody on my team room to be great as well, we will be a dominant team. And that's what I did. That's to me, there's a lot of guys, you know, you can make the case. There's a lot of guys, if you just told them to shoot every time pass when they wanted to, they're gonna have all the stats, but they're the only ones that can be good on their team. And that has never worked in the history of the game. That has never worked. You, you have to give yourself to the team at some point to win. And you know, Haliburton has done that. And when your best player does it bill, it's easy to coach.


Everybody else falls in line because you can't say he won't do it because he will do it. And it makes it easier for coaches for sure. Yeah. I heard, I was driving home today, I was listening to Justin and Eddie on serious NBA, they had Isaiah Hartenstein on and they were asking him about, hey, your role was this way the first couple rounds in the finals, they haven't been using you as much and like, like what is it like to just have your role changed like that in the biggest series of the season? And he is like, Hey, we're just trying to win and if I, I completely trust my coach at this point and if he feels like we have better matchups than me, then I want our team to win. And that's it. That's the, it's the end of the discussion.


Yeah. And that's who he is. Yeah, that's who he is. Anyway. But it definitely, I think, you know, I always look back when Rick set, I can't think of the kid's name when he was in Dallas, but he did it in the final. He set someone that in, in the history. He, he had not been a very easy guy to coach, but they had made the finals now and the guy just sat there. He is the happiest guy. Hey, I'm trying to win now. And that's what I'm talking about, about growth. It's funny though, I will say this and I know we're kind of segueing off when I bring this up. It also reminded me when you said they asked Harden that is, I, I've had this thing and I'm gonna bring up Tom Thibodaux that I think no team should ever do when you lose, like in the first or second or third round to have exit meetings the next day after you lose.


Because what happens is the hard and steam conversation comes up, you know, with your front office guys, the problem is you just lost in the second round. They're, that is happy. You know what I mean? And, and then when they say, you know, tell me about the coach. Well there's gonna be about four or five guys that really love you 'cause you showed them love and you played them more, but there's gonna be four or five guys who were on your side that may no longer be on your side when those meetings happen. And I've long said exit meetings need a month before we have them. Because when you have them the next day, the coach is in trouble. Right.


And you know, I will say tips and I did talk after, after he was fired and that absolutely came up. Like it couldn't have been anything good that came out of those meetings. And, and so it's, it's interesting, we, we were talking about Harden now in the finals. Coach can do anything, you know, you, you know, you remember in, in two 10 I think we're in the Eastern finals. I think They got played Nate and Baby to finish the game. And I didn't bring Kevin those guys back in. We won the game and no one cared because we were trying to win. You know. But when it happens earlier and you lose, guys don't handle that as well as they do when you get to the finals.


So you're saying maybe the Nick shouldn't have fired Tom Thibodaux after he made the final four. Yeah. Won 10 playoff offense. Yeah, Obviously, you know, he only worked for me for a long time. So that one that, you know, it's funny, it stings you just as much, not as much as it's stung tips, but you know, firing is hard. I've been fired three times and you know, and, and when it happens, you know, especially when it happens to one of your guys and you know, my guys are are tips, Ty Lou, when it happens to guys like that, it really bothers you. 'cause you know what they are, you know, both of 'em are just unbelievable coaches. And I always use the, the Utah model, the reason Utah stayed good for so long, they never panicked.


They didn't fire Jerry Sloan because he couldn't get to the finals. They knew he could coach. There's certain franchises, Boston really for the most part, the Celtics, they don't make changes once they think they have the right coach, a good coach, they're, they're riding because they know they can scout better, they can draft better, they can make traits better because they know exactly what they're looking for. And you know, I thought the Knicks were on their way to that and, and now tips is gone. Well you, I mean you're one of the leaders of the coaching contingent. It's a league now that I think the five longest tenured coaches, three of them got the job in 2020. Right? And then you have SPO and you have Steve Kerr or the other two, and at this point you're probably in the top 10 longest tenured coaches.


I think you, you got their year and a half ago. Somebody told me I was 12, someone told me I was 12. Which when you think about it, that's insane. That's nuts. Yeah. But here's the question because you know that, you know, it's only gonna get worse. The salaries are gonna go up, right? We're gonna have this, this, whatever happens as the media rights money keeps coming in and we're gonna have guys making yeah, 60, 65, 70 million a year. If they don't like their coach, who's gonna win that one? It's, it's not gonna be the coach. Well It, it, it always should be the coach. You know, I tell coaches that and you know, when I speaking, I'm speaking at a coaching clinic in Vegas.


I'm the first one to tell 'em like, listen, our job is to win, period. Our job is to make players better. But at the end of the day, even if you do that, you're still gonna get fired sometimes. And it's just part of it. I mean, I could, I could look at the Philadelphia situation and say we lost to Boston Celtics. No one picked us to win. We took them to seven game, you know, two years before I got there, They got swept and now we're, we're trying to win Eastern and finals. But at the end of the day, you are not going to treat players away. If it comes down to that, it's always gonna be the coach. And that's just the way it's, and I tell him like even Tim, you know, Tim's a big boy.


He got it. Like, you know, it's not like you're gonna hear him gripe about it or anything like that. It's not fair, but it's part of our job and we have to understand that that's a tough part of the NBA. Yeah. And it might be a five-year job at this point. And if you last longer than four to five years, it's, it's a borderline miracle. We gotta take one more break and then I wanna talk about SGA quick.


This episode is brought to by LinkedIn. During the season, every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a hot month or two. You need sustained dominance throughout. Well the same is true for your small business. It's not enough to have a great Q2 or even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires. That'll be there for the long haul to find those hires. Use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates from unique skills and interests that the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats. Summer is here and you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny Days delivery with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered a day in the sun. No. A bottle of rum, yes, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You Must be legal drinking age, please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by region. See app for details.


This episode is presented by State Farm on the basketball court. The best players know when to pass and off the court. You still need teammates who are there when accounts. That's where State Farm comes in with agents to help you find coverage that's right for you. You can focus on what really matters. Whether that's hitting game winners or just getting through the day like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm coverage options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state.


Alright, so when you first started coming on this podcast a couple years ago, I remember we had a long conversation about SGA. What did you see when, you know, when you coached him on the Clippers when he was a young pup? They trade him. You make the point. Hey, this guy's gonna be really good. I wouldn't put him in the trade. They have to do it 'cause it's their chance to get quiet. Paul George made them one of the favorites. They throw in a bunch of picks. And then when we talked about this two years ago, this is when he was becoming a 30 point scorer. He was clearly a special player. Gonna be first team LNBA, but then this year it goes up a level and now he's having one of the best start to finish guard seasons in the history of the position. You know, Just for the game.


Yeah. Yeah. It's, and it's been steady, it's been consistent. The team really takes on his personality. It's really interesting to watch in person, just their bench. It's all these quiet assassins. He's a quiet assassin. Even he barely even talks to the refs. Just kind of does his job. He doesn't talk shit to the other players. He just goes, goes, goes. And technically his footwork, his shots like that shot you mentioned earlier when he, he just had McConnell, McConnell, McConnell, then he has that little fall away on the, on the foul line on him. He's one of the best scoring guards I've ever seen. Wait, did you, did you see this? Because I know you saw greatness in him, but Not this I I loved him.


Yeah, I loved him. I told you that, I told you that three years ago. Yeah, but I mean, come on. I mean, no one saw this. I I, I will say, and we talked about Sam Castile earlier. Sam was, was, was really high on him and almost devastated when we were gonna trade him. You know, and I remember us talking that night. 'cause I had to make the call, you know, but I, I, I guarantee you I know I remember it. I know where I was at because when the trade finally went down, Lawrence calls me and tells me Shea's in the trade. You know, it's, it's so funny, bill, I was so happy that we got Kauai and I was, it, it bothered me to make that call to Shea.


And I've, I've shared that that was a tough call and he handled it like such a pro. But you also felt that it was like this, I'm gonna make you pay for this trade. That's how you felt, right? When I called Sam and Sam had just talked to him as well, and Sam says, I tell you, we, we just gave away an assassin and it's, it's let's, we better win it because this kid's, he's gonna come back and haunt all of us. And you know, I'm so happy for him, bill, because he, he reminds me a lot of Maxie.


It's funny, as a coach, you, you have some of these young guys that are just sponges. Great. He never, I, I coached Shea hard, I coached Maxie Hard and both of them could take it. They wanted more. They wanted to learn. They, they just both are very similar. You'd think they're these nice guys like Shaa, as you said, he comes off as this nice guy. Shay's a stone blooded killer. He does not care about making you happy when you get on the floor. And he had that when he was a rookie. Right now, the way he's playing now, I, I don't think anyone saw that. The footwork and the consistency in how the ball never hits the rim on half of these shots.


It's just, there's something eerie about it. I've never seen anything like it. It's, Well, his pace, you can't speed him up. You're not going to speed him up where he is gotten so much stronger. And, and to me, his ability, you know, he gets away with that push, but he also gets pushed. And what I'm surprised by, I think Mhar has done an amazing job and, and needs me of both, yet she's averaging 30, you know? Right. You know what I mean? And they're doing an amazing job defending him. His balance is unbelievable. As good as any player I've ever seen at being able to take a hit, get his feet, and be able to take a shot with rhythm and he can do it left or right.


But that was the one thing that stood out his, his rookie year was his, his pace. It, it, it, it was obvious like, man, this guy has an NBA pace and he's never played an NBA game. It's, it's innate. It's in him. What he didn't have was the size and physicality. And now he has that as well. Yeah. I'm trying to think of other guys like that because I've, we talked about this. I was going to those games that rookie year. I always thought he was gonna be almost like more of a neha type, like a defense glue guys fill in the spot. Good playmaker. But I never saw this guys scoring piece foot. Yeah. Footwork guys. Michael had that, you know, Michael just did it so quick and, and so athletically no one ever talked about his footwork.


Michael's footwork was unbelievable. You know, how many times do you see him? He gets to his spot, he gets his balance. He just did it so quick and so fast that no one really where Shea does it slower and takes his time. You know, Paul Pierce is, is similar in a lot of ways with his footwork and his time. And, and, or you can go way back to like Kiki, Vander Way's, great footwork, Shaa has all that. Like, but Shaa the difference is what you said, his footwork and then it, It lasts thing that he's done two years ago, you could force him to shoot threes. Now he's shooting that at a, at a high clip as well. And, and so that's made them virtually unguardable. So what happens at game six you think?


Oh, I don't know. I I really don't, I I I think the series may be over because I don't think Halliburton's helped. That's why I've landed as well. Yeah. But if Haliburton can, can give them a game, you know, I don't know who's gonna win this. I, you know what I really want, I really want a game seven. You know, I I I, I love NBA basketball. I love the coaching part of it. I love the playing part of it. But I love watching big games. I love watching Game Sevens. And I hope we have one. I think it'd be great. I think you would see two young teams and, and let's say this as well, you know, I guess Shea is a superstar, right? And, and, and Haliburton is one.


Yeah. And Shea is starting to be a household name now, but this is the first series in a long time that we haven't had a series of just at least one or two household names. Yeah, it's been great. It's been great to watch it. It really has. I, I think this has been an absolutely fantastic series. I think it's been coached great by, by both coaches, but I think you hit on it and it, it's, it's what I think that why ratings are up and the fans are enjoying it. There's two teams that are playing hard. The, the intensity of these games have been off the chart and it's great to watch. I don't care about the ratings 'cause I feel like this is a one for us.


Finals. Yeah. Yeah. It's like for the, for the people who actually like basketball, it's not for like my mom, where my mom's, like, I heard LeBron's in the finals. I'll watch like all the casuals are out. And this is just the hardcore, And by the way, like this has been the league's biggest problem for the entire decade, is trying to create new stars, new teams. They put the same guys on, you know, you could see it in Christmas. You guys didn't even make Christmas in December with Giannis. Which is, Which is, which is awful. Right. Giannis is one of the people they should be pushing. Come on espn. Yeah. But I, but I think, you know, they're, they're creating new teams and, and new stars. Hopefully. I I did you hear what Magic said on first take?


I actually thought this was really smart. He was talking about there the dumb face of the league conversation, which I, I, I hate. But he was saying like, the true definition of a superstar is, can you sell out an opposing building? Are people gonna come to see you? And I was like, you know what? I think that, I think that actually is the definition. Can you sell out the other team's building? How many guys have done that in? It lasts 40 years. It's it's less than 10. It's that A lot. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I'm, I, if I, let's say I didn't coach in the league and I would just loved the ball basketball the way I loved it. I'm going to watch Steph Curry play every day, every chance I get, he's gonna do something extraordinary.


He moves without the ball. My, one of my favorite stats in NBA history in the history of the game was Steph, the year Steph won the MVP, the year they won his first title. Yeah. He had the ball in his hands 47% less than the year before. Wow. And that just to me is like, like, you know, I say this term, our, our, our players cringe when I say it, like, we'll, we watch film. And I said, all right guys, the first clip is coaches porn. I always call it coaches porn. And it's usually some beautiful play. And you know, it's funny, like Gianni and a couple guys just love it.


They, they'll say it now to the bench. Yeah. Make sure that's on the Merl, that's coach's porn. Yeah. Where, where, where Steph has it all the time, you know, so you can watch him play LeBron and his heyday, you know, just his passing. You, you, you would pay to watch him play Giannis. You would pay, you just would go. And what is they, what are they gonna do tonight? You know? But it's not a long list, you know, of guys Mean, honestly, Caitlyn Clark has it right now. I feel like A-W-N-B-A, you could feel she was out for two weeks and it felt like the league stopped. Listen, Caitlyn Clark is pistol Pete. Right? She really is. I I I can watch her watch. Yo know, it's funny, in college everyone was mesmerized by a shooting.


Yeah. I'm like, that's the least of her game. It's her passing. And what it's a great example of what we talked about with Haliburton is when you watch Kaitlyn Clark's team play, they run the floor. Like there's no, you know why? Because they know they're gonna get the ball. They make cuts because they know they're gonna get the ball. It's amazing. And, and that's, that's what a superstar does for his team right there. And yeah, she is a, she is an absolute superstar. She may be the biggest superstar in basketball right now, or, or top three At one point today they ran two straight commercials with her to turn one of the breaks in the, in the finals game tonight. I was like, oh, she's arrived.


You have a superstar on your team that you guys have been just trying to trade for. It lasts month apparently by reports. Yeah, yeah. I, This you're just offering Giannis is on eBay Now you does wanna make an offer. It's so ridiculous. And I've heard all these, you, you hear all this stuff and, but you do, don't, you don't like it, you know, when you hear it because you know it's not true Bill. And, but it's still like your players hear and everybody else hears it. You know, I, I remember telling you this story when I was in Boston. I'm on a treadmill working out. That's when I could run still, you know? Yeah. Running on the treadmill. And they announced that the, the, the Boston Celtics are about to trade Rondo.


I, I think it was to the Lakers or someone. And I was like, what? And it, it was, it was absurd. Like we had never had any conversations, but Rondo heard it, you know, and, and so that's the only thing I don't like about all this. Now it's now I don't know how many more times Giannis has to say he wants to be a buck and he wants to win a title with a buck. And it, and it's so cool to me, you know, because it's not the way it's done anymore. But with a, with certain guys, you know, I don't think Steph Curry would ever leave Golden State, ever state. And I'm hoping obviously Giannis is the same way.


That's the way he's been so far. And it's been great. It's been awesome. Yeah. I've been trying to tell people on the pod for It lasts month that, first of all, he doesn't wanna leave. Second of all, you'd be crazy to trade him when the east is wide open. You've the best player in the conference. And it just feels like, especially after watching the playoffs this year, it's like, I'm pretty sure I'd want Giannis in the east next year would be, would be my choice. I said This with, so I said this before the playoffs. I said, there's never been a better time that I can remember in the NBA that for you to win the title, meaning anyone, Right? Because like 10, 11 teams, if, if things broke the right way, maybe If things break the right, there's no dominant team right now.


Oklahoma may become that if they win, but there's nobody you're scared of in the NBA, you know. So right now Orlando makes a huge trait. Yesterday there's gonna be four or five of those. There's next year in the east and the west. 'cause I, I, I think listen, the west, the west gets a lot of love. I'm gonna just stop there. But I don't think there's any team, any east team was scared of a west team. If, if, you know, know what I mean? Like, I, I felt like if we got out of the east now, Oklahoma would've been the, the best team that was the one team.


You're like, man, they're tough. But I don't think there's a team, you know, we are worried about Denver, but they a lot let a lot of guys go. And they're not the same. There's no dominant team right now. But we have one of the dominant players and, and so we have a shot and, and so does the Knicks and you know, Boston, we'll see by the end of the year if Tatum can come back, I hated that injury. I hated seeing it. But, and in the west too, like, you know, Oklahoma, let's say if they win it Clippers Denver, Lakers, Minnesota Golden State has a full year now with Jimmy. Yeah. Shoot, it's wide open.


And that will be great for the league.


This episode is brought to you by the Wells Fargo active cash credit card. This is an ad for the active cash credit card from Wells Fargo. That's a mouthful, but that's because it packs a lot in earn unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases with it big or small. So whether it's buying tickets to the game with your mom or grabbing a coffee with your dog, earn unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases made with it. Say it with me. The active cash credit card from Wells Fargo. Learn more at wells fargo.com/active cash terms apply.


This episode is brought to by Whole Foods Market. Being a grill master feels great, saving on high quality barbecue supplies feels even better. 365 by Whole Foods market. Make delicious no antibiotic meats, classic summer slides and delicious beverages and condiments to fire up your spread. And if you could spot their yellow low price and sale signs, you're in for a huge win. There's so many ways to save on summer grilling favorites at Whole Foods Market, find their great low prices in store and online today.


The Dame injury among the worst injuries you've, you've for, from coach, from a coaching standpoint where you know right away and you start doing the math and you're like, oh my God, not only is it for this year, but it could be like a huge part of next year, maybe all next year. Do we, is there any chance he comes back and you're not you, you're staying out of it? I I'm staying out of it, but I do think, yeah, I think he'll come back by the end of the next season, you know? Okay. Because he had it early enough in the playoffs. But I gotta say this about Dame Dame had two injuries, you know, you know, I jokingly told Dame I cried twice for you.


Dammit. In, in one year. Yeah. You know, and because when he had the blood clot bill, there was, there was a moment when I got the news because I'm old and I know what blood clots usually mean, you know? And so when I first heard the news, I literally, my eyes water. 'cause I'm thinking, this guy's about to get robbed at the rest of his career. And then within the next day we find, okay, no, not career threatening. He's gonna be, he may even come back. And then when he went down and I walked out on that floor and the first thing he said to me was, man, I think I sprained my ankle.


And I was, I didn't say anything, but I, you know, I was looking at it, you know, I, my brain, I was thinking that wasn't an ankle, but let's, I I, I remember saying, let's get you in the back. And that was it. And I think Darvin or someone came and grabbed him, but man, you just, the guy does everything you ask him to do. He does all the work and then bam, that happens. That is part of the game, you know. But that was a rough one for me to see. Well, it sounds like, I mean, the one thing from, from talking to you over, It lasts year and a half. And so it really seems like you like the team. I love like the group of guys like you, like you guys had the right vibes and, you know, I even thought got, if if if you had gone by Indi Indiana somehow, like who knows?


Like, it, it yeah, you were really optimistic. I was surprised. I Love the group. You know, Giannis is one of those like Kevin Garnet superstars that you can coach him hard, but he's fun to coach you. You know what I'm saying by that? That gave me life again. I needed that. And like Bobby, we just got a bunch of grownups. I, you know, I, I keep saying that we got a bunch of grownups and we got the right mix. I do believe teams, the old and the new you, you need a mix of both. I, I think Oklahoma adding and the Harden signs and the caruso's, you know, was huge for them. They needed the right, you can't, you know, teams make a mistake, then you go out and just get any vet, you can't do that.


You have to get the right vets. And Oklahoma did that. And you can see that Caruso game four, you know, we could talk about Shea and all that. Caruso won game four for them. Yeah. He single handedly willed them to that game. And that's that veteran leadership. He had won a title before. He knows what it takes. He does all the dirty work. And, and that's, that's how you feel. That's what I like about our team. We have young guys and AJ Green, Eric Trent still really young, but then we have older guys. You know, I had lunch with Brooke yesterday and, and like you can't get enough of those guys know we're in Orlando, so Brook's at Disney obviously. Yeah. So you, you can find them, but you can have lunch with them.


It's true. I think that's what makes it, Yeah. I didn't talk, we didn't talk. Since you had this last season, was there a player that you went against that you were just shocked by? You didn't realize until you were coaching how good somebody was or how good somebody had the potential to be? Anybody jump out Brunt Brunson? How come? Jalen Brunson, I, I, I liked him, you know, in Dallas, you know, he played okay against me when he, the first year in Philly. But when we played them, when I came, you know, and I'd done a couple games.


Yeah. But when we played them, I think it was at home last year, and I was like, holy gosh, you, you, this guy is, he's good. Like he is, he's with his size. To be that unstoppable to me is just absolutely unbelievable. You worry about his health because the way he play, he plays almost, you know, running back basketball, if you know what I mean. Everything's physical, everything's tough. But man, it's, he, he's way better than I than I thought it was. If you were the czar of the NBA, what, was there a rule change you would do? Is there anything that drove you crazy as a coach?


So there's a lot of that as the league evolved in a certain way that drives you nuts? No, I mean I, I like the way the league is evolving right now. I really do. I like that the game is getting more physical. I, I hate the fact that I have, if I use a challenge in the first half, only have one laugh. I, I do think if I win a challenge, I should keep my challenges. I don't think I should lose them. And the only rule that I would change is at It lasts play of a game should always be reviewed whether you have a challenge or not. Oh, that's interesting. So like, so somebody makes a shot at the end, but you have no challenge.


They just have to do it anyway. Yeah, because you know, I kept thinking that Detroit Nick game that was clearly a foul and, and they missed and didn't call it, wouldn't you be sick if that was game seven at NBA finals and you didn't have a challenge that that would be a, that would be awful. So I do think coaches should be able to keep their challenges. You know, they get it right, they get it right. You should be able to keep it. And then the It lasts play of the game should just be challenged. If it's close, the ref, the ref should be able to say, I want to take a look. And if they had have taken a look in that game, they would've caught a foul and, and Detroit would've won that game.


And, and so, you know, I do think that's the one play that should just be challenged. What after we Do one more rule. One more Rule. Okay. Yeah. Let's Hear it out of bounds. Out of bounds should just be done in the caucus. We, we don't need headphones for that. Right. Like, just look at it and make the choice. That would save us five minutes a game, which al mi which al Michaels tells me all the time, you gotta, you gotta speed the end of the games up. Yeah. So that would actually happen. What's the right number of games for the regular season? Boy I get into this, it's No, just do it 70, but I'd say 70 70 is the perfect number.


It really is. I think you should start the season later. You know, I loved the one lockout year when we started it. That was, I think the first game was Christmas Day. I wouldn't do that. I would start December 1st just to get a rhythm. So by Christmas. Yeah. You know, you can kind of have some big games, but 70 and, and for me it's been, I've always stayed on 82 bill because everybody else did it, you know? Yeah. And so you wanna say 82? But I do think the more we keep talking about this, I think at some point we may have to have a serious discussion because no one wants to see the injured basketball.


We wanna see healthy guys play. And the facts are guys are getting injured more now. And, and we have to figure that out. Especially like lower leg injuries just feels like there's more than ever Ja, Jason Tatum is too young to have an Achilles Period. Agreed. And, and so that made no sense to me. And, and so there's something that's going on because there's more achilles, there's more blood clots, there's something going on and we have to figure it out. All right, last question, Larry, David, his, his Knicks team makes the Final four and falls short. What was that rollercoaster ride like in text, even though you weren't in the same spot as he actually had a good Knicks team for months?


Yeah, Well it was rough for him, you know, because he went to that game one Indiana and they lost, then he left and he left. He was supposed to be in the same seats at game two and he couldn't do it. He just couldn't do it. He left The next morning, he was gone. He Left the next morning and, and so he calls me and says, I'm coming back because I wanna play golf with my guys on Sunday. And I said, you're a freaking liar. That's, that is not why you're coming back. You're coming back because you're superstitious and you're sitting in game one and they lost. And so you're trying to change the mojo. And that's Larry 1 0 1.


He Blamed himself for the loss. He did, he said it was his fault. He was miserable. Yeah, he was miserable over that game and he, he refused to go in game two 'cause he didn't want, he just said, I want no parts of it. He's a real fan. Like he, he is into it. It's awesome. It was great to have the Knick fans back all the versions of them with the biggest fan base. I mean, you, you played there, you got to see it firsthand. Yeah. But it's really like the all time craziest fan base. When it's going great, their chess are out, they're going nuts as soon as it goes bad. They are the most despondent fan base you're ever gonna have. They was the gambit of Emotions. Go York, go New York, go. You know, I, I was with Nick and we had that run and, and that song Go New York.


Go The city was on fire. Yeah, it really was. And that's how you felt this year, you know, and I do think, you know, Dolan gets a lot of heat, but I don't know who's doing it, but whoever thought of bringing all the ex nicks back to games, that was a genius movement. Yeah, it was awesome. It was really awesome. We need one more guy to show up and then it's all done Oakley. Right. And good luck there. But You Yeah, I don dunno if that's happening. It was, It was. That's not gonna Happen. You're gonna have to broker that one doc. Alright, so You have no thank you. So you're in Orlando, you're, you're gonna celebrate the Commissioner's Cup and Seth Curry's three point percentage title, How about that?


Yeah, yeah. We have no, No facts. Seth Curry, 46 per 49%, whatever it was led the league. Yeah. We have trophies at the River's house right Now. You know, we, we have some hardware from the regular season, so How do we get him to Denver? I actually think the perfect place for him would be Golden State. Oh, is that possible? I don dunno if it's be possible or not. I I I don't know if either one of 'em would want it actually, but I do think forget that. It has nothing to do with that. It's the way they play. He fits perfect. Yeah. You know, and I've said that for two or three years and, and whenever you bring it up in the family, they kind of, eh, that's not, but I do think it'd be sensational.


It'd be great for Them. I was gonna to ask you actually, do you think more teams are gonna emulate this OKC Indiana fast paced, nobody has the ball for too long. People keep cutting and moving. Is this gonna be like a copycat thing with that? Well everything in our league is copycat a little bit, as you know. Yes. I do think not exactly the way they play, but I do think because of collective bargaining, I think teams are starting to see, trying to have the loaded three star team doesn't work anymore. So I do think you have two teams now that you can make a case, there's a superstar and then there's really, really, really good player and then a lot of good players.


I think that's the model you're gonna see. I don't know if everyone's gonna adopt the same style, but I do think that's what you're gonna start seeing is that motto of team. Yeah. Not every team can do it, but it would have to be a team that has a bunch of guards, you know, and, and is unselfish. But I don't know, we'll see what happens. Yeah. Yeah. Alright, Doc Rivers, it was great to see you. I'll see you in la I miss you man. People, I know people walk On the street and say, Hey, Give Up this coaching. Get back to the, get back to the podcast. I Know people love the pods, So we'll get back at some point. For sure. Yeah. I'll see you Noah. But say hi to the Curry family and the, and the Rivers family and all the, all the family members. But it was great to see you. Thanks for doing this with us.


Good Seeing you. All right. That's it for the podcast. Thanks to Eduardo Geha as always, thanks to Doc Rivers great to have him on. Really miss that guy. And I know I'm gonna be Thursday night after game six live on YouTube. That's definitely happening. Might have another podcast, midweek, not sure yet. New re watchable. Come in on Tuesday night where you're doing Marathon Man for New York City month. So stay tuned for that. Don't forget, you can watch all the clips of videos for this podcast and the Bill Simmons YouTube channel and we are a video podcast on Spotify as well. I will see you in a couple days.


It Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in president DC. Gambling problem call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 HOPE NY or Text HOPE NY in New York.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA, the official beer partner of the NBA. What do I love about the NBA championship? Well, first of all, I love when the Celtics win, but that's not happening this year. But you know what? I really love the drama, the pressure. Everything goes to the highest level. Guys are injured, guys are banged up. Guys are hungry. It just brings out the best of everything. And MLO B Ultra is helping you celebrate like a champion with a chance to win your own limited edition championship bottle. Just like those gifted to the NBA players during the championship parade. Enter now at Michelob ULTRA dot com slash courtside slash champs bottles Michelob ULTRA courtside, Victor Solomon Champs bottle sweepstakes, no purchase necessary open to US residence 21 plus ends June 22nd, 2025. See official rules@michelobcher.com slash rules for free entry prizes and details. Message and data rates may apply void. Where prohibited.


This episode is brought to by LinkedIn. During the season, every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a hot month or two. You need sustained dominance throughout. While the same is true for your small business, it's not enough to have a great Q2 or even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires. That'll be there for the long haul to find those hires. Use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions. Apply.