
Coming up, I'm gonna bat around a 2025 NBA trade value list with Ryen Russillo. It's fun. It's next.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


This episode is brought to by US Bank. Earn up to 4% cash back on every purchase with the US Bank Smartly Visa signature card. Start by earning unlimited 2% cash back on every purchase. Then earn up to an additional 2% cash back when you pay your card with a US Bank smartly savings account. Have qualifying balances and deposit your rewards into a US bank account. Visit us bank.com/smartly card to learn more. The creditor. An issue of this card is US Bank National Association pursuant to a license from Visa USA Inc. Sum restrictions may apply.


We're also brought to by The Ringer Podcast Network where I put up a new rewatch ables on Monday night. We did before Sunrise 30th anniversary of a movie that I love. Very much me, Chris Ryan, Sean Fantasy. You can watch it on The Ringer Movies YouTube channel as well. You can watch all the videos and clips from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. SSC came on, we started taping this late morning on Tuesday. I'm trying to figure out my annual trade value list that we're gonna run on mayor.com. So I brought in Marillo as my ciliary as we're taping Shamia breaks the news that Sacramento is now ready to explore DN Fox Trades, which of course we did not talk about.


Even though this Trade value podcast is almost two hours long. I'll let you guess where Fox was in the rankings, but let's just say he was in the top 25 for trades. Miami maybe. I think Butler has to be in it and a bunch of picks and God only knows what else. Or maybe, maybe it's built around Tyler Harron picks. But Miami jumped out to me as a possibility. Brooklyn, if they wanna trade some of their, some of their big stuff and the only thing that doesn't make sense with them is they're trying to tank this year. But it just seems like the kind of foundational guy for them. San Antonio definitely has the pieces to try to get him, throw some picks in.


They can make the contracts work and then try to pair him with Weby and then Houston, which we talk about in this podcast you're about to hear, which I think Houston's gonna be afraid to do a major move. But they certainly have the pieces that they wanna go get. Fox, which I've been talking about for six weeks. If they wanted to turn Van Wheat and a bunch of their picks and maybe you know, Kim Whitmore to make the contracts work and and just try to go all in and get him and add him to the team, it would be risky 'cause they're playing really well right now. But those were the ones that jumped out. Other than that, I don't really see a fit, but I guess, I guess we'll see. So Darren Fox on Trade Block, you were about to listen to the trade value breakdown for 2025.


This is where we're gonna sort out the finalist re is here. It's all next. First. Our friends from Pearl Jab. All right, we taping this late Tuesday morning Pacific time. Ryan Marillo is here. It's been a while for us. Once, once we get through football season, we're gonna be doing Sunday nights. Again talking hoops and a whole bunch of other stuff. But I'm bringing you in right now. Marillo as the trade value list, conciliary a thing that I have not been doing for 25 years, a quarter of a century.


The trade values list, which is not a rankings, it's a trade asset list, trying to figure out who the biggest trade asset in the NBA is. But before we do that, what, what side are you on in Jimmy Butler versus Miami? Do we have to pick a side? Yeah, I think we Do. Is this one of those things where you just have to go one side or the other? Yeah, I, I like to have an open mind about a lot of things, but I think deep down my core, I know I probably already know which direction I'm going, but he just wanted the contract that he is not getting. So what I mean, unless there was a promise, I mean everybody knows Harden's not my favorite guy, but I kind of sided with Harden on the end of the Philly thing. 'cause why would he have taken the pay cut?


Why would he have done everything he had done? Yeah. And then it's like, And I know Philly's gonna say nothing was ever agreed upon. You're totally wrong. All right, that's fine. But he did something that didn't really make a ton of sense at the time to allow flexibility. Didn didn't get a deal. So in that one I was like, well, even though I'm not definitive either way I can understand I'm being upset with this one. I mean, do, have you heard anything that you believe is probably the important second part? Have you heard anything that you believe that would let you think that Miami would've been in a hurry to extend somebody like Butler who's 35 and misses a lot of games And had a contract for this year and a player option for next year? I think that's the unusual part about it is that there was real years on the book left.


I, I really feel like I wanna pick a side, but I kind of see both sides. 'cause last year, what's Butler's side? Gimme the anti Miami Heat side. I think Butler's side is, his relationship has been bad with the heat for a couple years and he took them to the finals in 2000 and 2023. And I think at some point he felt like, you know, I brought you guys here. You guys tried to embarrass me in the press conference last year. You won't talk about an extension. You obviously don't care if I'm here two years from now. So what's the point of this? With that said, I don't think he's handled it well either. You know, I I I think a lot of us, including me and you have been in, you know, some pretty hairy professional situations where you ended up not liking people you worked with or the employer you had.


And at some point you still have to kind of do your job. And I think that's where it's tough to side with him on the Miami side, they, Riley just seems like he's Chad to antagonize him and and Alpha dog him in a bunch of different ways, in ways that if you knew anything about Jimmy Butler, it's like you get down this road and there's no going back. So I see both sides, but I will say this, they, he's, they've torpedoed his trade value at this point. I mean I I think you could just get him now for two expiring and they're like, good, take 'em. 'cause they're so worried he's gonna opt into next year. The start of the season. I was thinking Houston should do Ahman Thompson and Van Vu and let's go all in and try.


I I mean we'll talk about Ahman Thompson later, but to think like that, that was maybe an argument at the beginning of the season versus where we are now where it's like, ah, with Detroit give up Tobias Harris and Tim Hardaway for Butler and that's it. I don't know, Tobias is playing pretty well. Like that's where we're at with this Butler thing, which is insane. You might be right about that. And I think there's, there's a bunch of different things there that I, like, I've never been special enough to compare myself with Jimmy Butler, right? Like I've, and I'm not, I'm not saying this 'cause whatever our dynamic is, but your career, like I think at times you have been special enough to probably get away with That, that we don't have to. Right. I'm not comparing ourselves to him in that way. I'm just comparing like what it's like to work for somebody when you're really frustrated with them.


Sure. He's way more frustrated I think than either of us have ever been with anyone we worked with. Like he's doing shit, but he's doing stuff that he's doing stuff that, you know, that's, that's just seems like he's trying to sabotage everything. Well, right when the first quote came out, when this thing first got picked up, it was like, Jimmy hasn't even started yet, which I was like, yeah, because we know the deal. You know, I think a lot of this stuff is like personal equity where if like Tim Duncan ever had a problem with anything, I think we'd all immediately take Tim Duncan's side. You just go, whoa, like Tim Duncan's upset about something. And with Butler, even though I think there's a, there's a version of the Chicago events where I would understand him.


I thought the Wiggins towns thing at the time was funny 'cause I don't think he was wrong. Yeah, Philadelphia decided to go with the young guys. So you know, every exit there's some drama. But with this, there's another part of this that is just the reality of what's happening. This new CBA when we first talked about it, you're like, man, this kind of looks like a hard cap. This, this looks like there's really limited flexibility. I think another motivation behind some of this was that hey, guess what? If you have a four year extension about to kick in and you want to ask for a trade and you want to ask for a trade to like one team that's already pretty good. We're gonna set up something that not only curb spending, which is the primary motivation behind this, but we're also gonna like make it really hard for you guys to decide like, sorry, I'm just outta here now and you have to do this.


And I think that a lot of star players That's a good point. It's becoming a wake up call and when you're 35 and you miss a lot of games and your personal history is that it ends up in some sort of bullshit thing that's a distraction for the basketball team. Like no kidding, there's not a great market for him. Well you'd think like he in the old days, I wanna go to Phoenix. All right, how are we? Eh, Exactly. And they spent three weeks now it's like, yeah, you're not going to Phoenix. Guess what? We're not taking Bradley Beal. We're not, there's no scenario where we take him. Nobody else is taking him. And on top of Bradley no trade clause. So Phoenix is out. Stop saying you wanna go there. I think it's at the spite point where they just send him, you know, this last thing that happened this week.


Now it just seems like they'll, they don't even care. They just wanna get him out of there and, and try to move on. I think it's gotten that bad. So it he could, I don't why they Another team. Yeah. I don't know why they'd want to be in the Jimmy Butler business. I, I think I can't dispute the fact of like whatever the trademark was for him versus now it's, it's diminished. 'cause you're like, here we go again and it's all fresh and when it's actually happening and then you have to sit in their front office and your ownership and your coaches and go like, like I like the Memphis basketball part of it. But then when you hear the quote being like, don't send him to Memphis like anywhere but Memphis. Right. So if you're Memphis and you're like, hey we're pretty good. We're not great, but we're pretty good. Yeah. So yeah, he raises our top five ceiling, which I think a lot of teams just do.


Like, hey, if these are the five guys we're rolling out there to close the playoff game, this is better than the five we have right now. It makes sense. But if you're like, what if he opts in at 50 million and then he's 36 and we don't give him an extension. So even though I, there's not, There's only one team, Right? There's, Well you have to be desperate to do this and like taking, pushing the Detroits aside and teams that would be like, oh it'd be fun if they got Jimmy Butler Golden State's. The only team that's actually desperate Golden State is at an actual crossroads as a franchise, as an organization for the decade. You know, they, they, they're just not good enough. And the stat that they're one in 20 heading into the fourth quarter when they're not winning.


To me that's like, we gotta go one way or the other guys, are we gonna try to get better and do some sort of crazy all in trade or are we gonna start going the other way and start trading off people and just tanking this season and throwing it away and, and do we go that way? But you right now they're in some middle ground and that's where like, you know, if you And I are in the Warrior's office with the lake ups and the GM and they're like, what do you guys think? At some point I'd be like, look man, I think when Jimmy gets traded he's gonna be really good. I think he's gonna be possessed and you might get an awesome year out of him and this is the only way you could flip your destiny as a franchise. You might be able to get this guy for 12 cents in the dollar and in a playoffs series. Nobody's gonna wanna see him.


Do you two years from now, do you care two years from now you're going nowhere. Anyway. So that's some one team I think I could see and there's trades. They have a bunch of contracts. Wiggins would have to be in it, but that's the only one I see. I just would be scared to death if I'm done Levy and I'm lake hip and I'm going, okay, so we bring him in everything. You made sense. I said made sense. But you know, his agent's like, okay, so you know, what do you think about tacking on those two years? For him it's a no. And so if it's a no, well the, The bigger question is that just gone now based on how this year has gone, like, hey, his agent's Bernie Lee, who's a very nice guy, Hey Bernie, Jimmy's in every two years contract at this point. That's just the way it is.


There's nobody in the lead that's gonna go for, for him based on the behavior that's that's what he's forfeited on the bright side. If he's still really good every two years, he'll get an awesome contract. I think he's in that James Harden kind of zone now where it's like two years, three, if He was 32, he doesn't play enough for me. It's a no. Yeah, and and you're right about the basketball part of it, whether it's them, whether it's Memphis 'cause it does raise your suit. But if, if I have to sit there and be honest with the people that are in charge of my employment, right? If you're working on the front office side of this answering to your owner and going, yeah, let's just trust that it's gonna work out with his track record. I wouldn't feel good about saying yes to that. I would just go like, look, it probably, it'd be one thing if he was younger and you go, Hey, maybe the west isn't, and it isn't as deep or doesn't feel as deep halfway through the season as we thought it would be this summer.


OKC still looks like a monster. I mean we can run through every team And I could tell you concerns I have about all the contenders, but it would have to be more of like a guarantee of what's possible. And even adding him doesn't, like what does it actually guarantee about what Golden State can do in the playoffs? The only reason you do it is 'cause you love curry. You feel like you owe it to him to at least be competitive for a couple rounds. And this is a way to honor that. That's it. You're not beating, you're not winning four straight playoff rounds with or without Jimmy Butler. I don't think, Let me, let me throw something at you here. 'cause you mentioned it with the Riley thing and they felt like really betrayed by Riley being upset when Butler was basically like if I was playing we'd beat Boston, we'd beat the next by the way Yeah.


They weren't beating that Boston team last year or last playoffs with Butler. No. So it was kind of a crazy thing. And then I think about like Riley's age, he's the same age as my dad. I'm like, imagine if my dad had to do a press conference about a player. I'm so glad you brought this up. Ri iss old. Like he, he's acting erratically, which makes sense 'cause he is like 80, 80 Year olds are erratic. I, I went to go see Gillis and Bill Burr last night for the fire benefit and Gillis had this whole routine of like, you know, Biden didn't really get enough credit. Like imagine, imagine if you had someone in your family who was 84 who had to like go out there and speak to the world right? Every day. It actually could, could've been that much worse.


Now look, ri at no point do I think like what's going on with this guy. But he deserves, like Riley's done enough in his basketball life to have this stance. And then when I think about like how other teams operate and everybody operates in absolute fear where they have to, when their best player goes off, they have to find some way through PR to craft some way that they're supportive. Yeah. But it's like, so what, so what happened? What if Riley had said nothing? The bottom line is that they didn't give him the contract extension. They'd probably be in the exact same place. So like you can tell me that it was insulting or that that was the thing that I don't, when he didn't get the extension when he felt like he was owed this. Like why? Because you went to the finals two years ago, which was like really fluky.


Yeah. And what, five years ago? And he didn have A great year last year, which is, And he doesn't play, he doesn't play enough. And look, when he was playing this year, you could see you're like, what's going on with him? Like before this even got like publicly bad and it's like, so you want the extension but you're gonna mail it in for stretches. Yeah. I almost feel like he's coasting until the trade and when he gets traded to wherever he is gonna unleash. Holy hell. That's why the Detroit option is so fascinated to me for him because that's a, that's a team that would actually need him. That's a team that just wants to be good relevant in some way and that's a team that has a really, really good player. You know, and they bring some things to the table. They're pretty well coached.


He raises their ceiling in a way that I think is intriguing. They're not gonna win the title with him. And I think that's why where whoever is trading for him is not a team that he can win the title with. And I think that's another reality of this. Like Denver's not trading for him. Even if, even if Miami was like, all right, fine, we'll take Porter and we'll take Zeke Najee for four years. You can have Butler. I don't know if that changes Denver's ceiling like they're to have enough outside shooting problems. You know, if they were playing worse, I might think about it, but I actually really like the way they're playing even though they lost last night. We'll see what happens. You're totally, you're totally ruling out Phoenix. I don't think anyone wants Beal. And even if they want Beal, I don't know if he would agree to go to the trade, but I, I watched a game last night.


Like I just don't think Beal's good. He's fine. Like he's, he's a rotation guy but for 50 million a year, that's the worst contract in the league. What am I? And he doesn't play every time. You know, I think there's a reason like Phil, like Phoenix has tried to move away from that big three model with him. And I think there's a reason everybody is like, yeah, no thanks cool. Oh I get Bradley Beal this year and the next two no thanks. Like everyone throws Chicago and you know, oh could he go to Milwaukee? Why would Milwaukee want Bradley Beal? They're gonna have him and Damon at the same time trying to play defense. But that's crazy. I just can't find a team for him either.


I guess I just wonder why Phoenix would flip the unprotected 2031 for these other pieces without some inclination of what's possible. Unless it was just, hey, we're all in now. Like when you have Durant, you're all in. So is Beal better than mid-level players? Yes. He's really low on what the actual acquisition cost. Can I stop you for a second? Control? Yeah. That trade was horrible. That was the all time we took a $2 bill and turned it into three quarters and a dime because it gives us more flexibility. It's a like that's a team that they're at the blackjack table losing hand after.


Do you think going gimme more, I'm gonna double out. Oh you're can, can I borrow Borrow? You're talking about The trade? Yeah, The actual actual Phoenix trade. You're acting like Phoenix is a rational team that puts thought into the shit they do. That trade was idiotic. I'm not trading that trade Well because they have nothing. Because they have nothing and they're already all in with this group. I think the argument is that well like what are we doing? We're we're gonna hold on to assets in 2031. Like we have to find any possible way to upgrade this group because once you did the Durant trade, this is, this is how you were operating. Yeah, but at that point you're Tim Daley's character in the Sopranos, the screenwriter who's on the 48 hour gambling binge just getting killed and he is like, just gimme 25 grand more.


I'm gonna win this back. That's Phil, that's Phoenix SPI right now. Just gimme, let's split the picks up. We'll have some flexibility. We'll try to win this back. It's like this ship has sailed. You're not, you're not doing anything and you're not getting Jimmy Butler for what you have. And if, if anyone takes Bradley Beal and allows you to get Jimmy Butler, I can't imagine a team in the league that's dumb enough. Maybe I'll be wrong. Maybe they'll cut this clip out and be like Suman Sdu. Like I don't see why anybody would want Bradley Beal 50 million this year. 50 million the next two in a, in the second apron era. Who wants that? I'd be fascinated Bradley be like what he would actually waive his no trade clause for. Because this is somebody who actually didn't go to Washington the entire time. They lost like we kept waiting for that to happen.


Yeah. And then I remember hearing like he's probably just gonna wait until he can get that five year extension with them as the incumbent team and he is okay with just kind of being there. And then I wonder if Beal goes, you think I'm upset about coming off the bench? You think I'm upset about taking 13 shots a game? Yeah, like I like, I like it here. I like Phoenix. My family likes Phoenix. Yeah, you can't. Yeah. Yeah You Can't humiliate just hanging Here. I'm good. I was, I stayed with the wizards for years. Yeah. On purpose. You think this bugs me? I just called my accountant. I just can't believe how much money I'm gonna make the rest of the year. Year. I'm fine.


Let's take a break. We gotta talk trade belly. The FanDuel kick of destiny is back and this time it's every manning for himself this Super Bowl. Two legends take the field in a sudden death field goal a showdown. Peyton v Eli live from New Orleans. One kick to claim ultimate family bragging rights who rise to the moment. Pick your winner now in the Fando app and if you back the right brother, you'll earn a share of $10 million in bonus bets the FanDuel kick of destiny. Three. Make your free pick. Don't forget to tune in to watch the show down live during the Super Bowl 59 pregame show on Fox at 3:00 PM Eastern may the best manning win FanDuel official partner of Super Bowl 59 must be 21 plus in president select states are 18 plus and president in DC no purchase necessary Bonus issued as done. Withdraw a bonus beds that expire seven days after receipt restrictions. Apply void. Wear prohibited C terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com Gambi pro called 100 gambler or visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by Nissan. When you're younger you're more spontaneous. You say screw it, I'm just gonna drive cross country with my buddy and we'll stop at a bunch of places and take pictures. You get older, you would never do something like that. Keep your spontaneity my friends. Fuel your inner adventure with the first ever Nissan Rogue Rock Creek from rocky trails to snowy roads. There are plenty of places to show up this SUV thanks to its intelligent all-wheel drive, its adventure ready design gives it a rugged flare that stands out off-road adventure calls of the first ever Nissan Rogue Rock Creek. Visit Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Alright so the trade value rules really quickly. It's not, this is not a top a hundred list. This has to do with age of the players salaries, mattering, contract length, happiness and degrees, right? So it's, if you're talking about one player that's 35 versus an up and coming star that's 23 as crazy. Amman Thompson's a good example. Yeah, Amman Thompson for Kevin Durant. If it was just this year, maybe you'd want Kevin Durant for the playoff run. But big picture as an asset for your team for age, rookie contract, the whole thing. You'd want Alman Thompson, you'd wanna be in the business of him for the next 15 years. So that's a good way to think about it.


It's also a great name. Just to interrupt quickly because after last night I was like, will he have amen in his top 10? Well here's the thing. So I've been working on this list for two weeks and there was a version of it a couple days ago where I had him 20 And I emailed it to a friend of mine And I was like, does anything jump out? And he is like, Jesus, you have Thompson that high. And I'm like, I actually do. I like, I don't know if you watch the last four weeks, but what's happening here is, is really, really, really crazy. The athleticism, the defense, the rebounding, the fact that he's starting to figure out how to create his own shot, how to beat guys off the dribble he did to win the game in Boston last night.


Like what happened in Boston last night wasn't like, oh my god, what a great game. Like he's been moving this way for five weeks and he's the best asset on that team and it's not close. I think he's an automatic hangup. If you call Houston now, they don't need, they're like, what? No, we're not trading him and they hang up. This is a compliment. But imagine when he's good, right? Imagine when he can shoot threes, right? And I don't know if he's, he's gonna be like somebody you're really worried about, but there are things that he's doing. Like he was even the last, and again, you're right, it wasn't just about last night against Boston. You're looking at these rebounding numbers. But also, And I like it even though it doesn't look great, like they're letting him get into kind of a pull up jumper and it doesn't look very good.


But I like that they're allowing him or they would want him to make those mistakes. Because you're never gonna develop any of that stuff. You're never gonna become the best version of yourself, the most well-rounded if you're afraid to do that stuff in game, like it's the old Ben Simmons thing where it's like cool videos bro. But you don't do any of those things that you show us in practice. 'cause you just, you've eliminated those from your arsenal because you're just not comfortable. And I love to see young players, especially somebody who raws him and when you did the draft work on him, you're like, man, he's such an insane athlete and this is why people draft guys like this. And then they get mad being like, oh they just drafted the athlete. And you're like, yeah, but this is, this is the version of like the best case scenario of like if this guy ever figures it out with his gifts and the fact that he is like a 1% athlete, I want him making some of those mistakes.


I want him pulling up off the dribble and maybe taking an ugly jumper right now because the only way it's ever gonna get better is when he's confident enough to actually apply some of this stuff in games. So it was, when you sent me the list this morning, it was the first name I was looking for because, Because the question is how high should he be? Right? Right. You called him a 1% athlete. I think he's like a 0.1% athlete I think. And We you're, you're the best to ever do it. I don't know how you, How you No I'm just like, I, I don't like, I just think athletically he's on some rare plane that only a few guys I've seen have been at like when we're talking like it's Westbrook stuff, it's Kauai Young, Pippin, Westbrook, Derek Rose, those early years, MJ obviously there's, it's like a very small list and he is on it and you saw some of the stuff he was doing on both ends last night.


Like even Tatum going by him and getting, you know, layups or shots he want, Thompson's always almost there. Like he almost blocks it. Like he, you really have to work to get by him. I just love watching him play And I, And I think the thing that is probably so hard to figure out when he, where was he Overtime elite. Yeah. How do you figure out the competitiveness piece for a kid who's like 17 playing in some goofy league? Right? The thing that's great about him is how like relentlessly competitive he is. Like I, I just, I'm such a huge fan and for whatever reason Jabari got hurt. They went a little smaller with him. It unlocked something and now if I were them I wouldn't trade for anybody.


You know, they're two seed. They've had some big wins this week. I, I'd, I wouldn't mess with this. Just let's get, let's see how far we can go. Let's keep pushing Thompson a little bit. Let's nudge and see really what's there short term, long term and next year we'll figure it out. Or this summer, right? I think that's the move because the wins they had this week, you really have to start thinking, eh, but what if they did? What if they did this? Could they like make the finals? We've seen teams like outta nowhere and we've argued about this in the past. If you have a chance to make the finals, how far do you go In this case I'd probably wait 'cause I think all their flexibility comes this summer once they can trade those.


She goon and Jalen green deals. And so you, you wanna know heading into the summer what to do. The other thing about this trademark, it is just a hit list of guys. I'm not a huge fan of like every, It really Is. That's rumor. It's the solo all stars, right? So Jimmy's the only one. If if I knew he was bought in, I go okay, you know, let's, let's do this. And you can figure out like where he fits in. 'cause as much as they need Van Lea you worry a little bit about loading up on a small primary guy throughout the course of the playoffs. You know, Brooks is so important to them, especially what he does defensively. And then Jalen is kind of like an every other night guy And I thought he turned The corner.


You're you're giving him that. Yeah, I know. I I think he's a once a week guy. Okay's fine. Least right now because, Because as great as, as we are like as much fun as a man is and what he could potentially be, I still have a hard time believing you're like running something for him with the ball in his hands to like get you the bucket late. I I don't know that he's there yet. And yet and Yet they did it yesterday, four seconds left. They ran the play for him and they were like just beat Jalen, Bruno, Jalen Brown off the dribble and just do some crazy athlete thing. And even as he is like what you said earlier, it's almost like the baby deer on ice thing sometimes with him in offense where it's like he's moving so fast he can't even control it.


But he still got the shot off. Ja, he broke jaylen's ankles. It's the most fascinating development of the year for me as like when we're talking about, I'm not surprised Wendy ascended the way he did. I'm not surprised SG is having the year he is, neither of us are surprised by anything with the Cavs. This is Thompson becoming like a top 20 trade asset. I did not have that on my bingo card And I don't think they, I like the calves. I didn't, I didn't think they were gonna get off to like a 73 win pace. A third Win in the season. Yeah, it's starting to fade a little bit finally when they, when you're shoot, when you're shooting 50, 40, 90 for or 50 40, 80 for three months. I'm not gonna go, I won't do all like the honorable mentions second apron casualties.


Can't believe they missed the top eight toughest omissions. But I did send you the list and the toughest omissions for me. I'll just re rip through 'em quickly. Reed Shepherd, Jada McDaniels, Anthony Black, Klingon, Mathen, Dillingham beef Stew, who I love at four years 60, but couldn't put 'em on. Terry, Easton, Sohan, Thompson's brother, Peyton Pritchard, Mark Williams and Mhar. Is there anybody that jumped out on that list? You're like, oh man, they should have made the trade value. No, because I think any of these lists, like the, the first thing I did when I got it was like, don't go, oh I can't believe you did this. 'cause whenever you have to do these lists like good luck, like whenever it's really hard, even though when I did the top 100 that I then threw away so it wasn't able to submit it for ringer.com, like I had such a hard time with 11 through 30.


Yeah. Because I'd go like, do I really think this guy is like a top 20 player? Right? And then you go like, okay, well come up with a 20 names ahead of him. And that's the weird part of the league ranking stuff. And granted this is different 'cause of age and contract and all that kind of stuff, but I just, the the names start to add up pretty quickly. I think maybe Rin just because I've loved, I've loved what he's been able to do in big spots offensively And I like how competitive he is. Oh dude, he's A real, real alpha. Like there's no way he hasn't that conversations with buddies like where one of his buddies like, yo, this should be your team not Halliburton. He's like, I know. Just waiting, just waiting for it to become my team. Right? Like would you rather have Kobe White or Mathre?


I mean on your list you'd rather have Kobe White. Yeah, because I like his contract and he puts up numbers and stats and he plays hard. But it's a good argument. All right, I'll, I'll bold Mathre maybe think maybe there's Somebody up. I think Ari, you know like I like Tari better than some of the names that you have in the top 85. But Well wait, hold that thought because I have to explain. Okay, this year is a top 85. It's unusual. There were years in the mid two thousands when it was a top 40 And I was barely getting to 40 like barely like squeezing shoehorning names in to try to get to 40 this year I, I really probably could have done a top a hundred.


The league is so deep you don't really realize it until you're making a list like this. So the top 85, the the highest group is Group O quality assets and just going from 85 to 75, Nicole Cevi, who on the right night could have 40 points. Deonte, Murray Minga, Jalen Wells, herb Jones, Jared McCain, Walker, Kessler, Kobe White, Jabari, Smith, Deandre Hunt, Deandre Hunter has a good contract and Cam Johnson number 75. So that's the first group. And your question I Easton was a tough one for me too 'cause I really like him And I didn't know if I was overrated him or not. Yeah I Can see like, hey you know what, what is he?


And that's kind of the stuff we're talking about here with Thompson where I tend to, I don't wanna say overvalue 'cause I don't think I'm wrong about it, but I'm gonna value the guys with the ball in their hands that can get me multiple like possessions like hey Cade, like Cade Cunningham for me is somebody where you go, Hey fix this, fix us right now. Yeah. And clearly it's different with Detroit now that they've actually invested in spacing around him but we'll get decayed when we get to him. But like that's always gonna be kind of like my default setting. Yeah. Of can you get me a bucket Or can you stop the other team from getting a bucket or really like it's that simple because that's, yeah I have some defense guys on this list that I'm like I really value the defense But I don't think it's a 50 50 split's.


It's not, I don't think It's not 60 40 thanks for doing splits with me. You know, I, I know percentages and splits. It might be 60 39 in the more I think about It. Yeah. See what is wrong With you early 9 41 Giving us flat numbers like that. I was expecting like 63.5. So on this quality assets list, the the hardest one for me whether to include him or not was Deonte Murray who's got a fatter contract and whose teams never seem to do well And I don't know whether it's his fault or not, but at some point if you're gonna hit your thirties and this just keeps happening where every team you're on is either disappointing or underachieving and you're one of the main guys, I have to look at you.


But that's one. And then Domingo was the other one just 'cause he is a free agent next year And I think that complicates the asset piece. 'cause if you trade for him, you also have to pay him. I put Jalen Wells in there because he's playing big minutes for this Memphis team and he's guarding the best guy in the other team every game. And at some point that's, that's gotta matter. Like they're winning with him. He always has the toughest defensive assignment. And I think for, for a team relying on two rookies like that with Edie too, like it's been, it's really unusual to see a a team that's good relying on guys who this's their first year in the league and in like significant roles like Haiti come in and we're gonna run offense through you and protect the rim. Like it's unusual.


Anyway. I really, I really like well so I wanna put 'em on there. All right, next group. This group is called before this second apron shit I absolutely would've hung up. But what are you thinking? So this is six guys, number 74 Pingus, Aaron Gordon, Damien Lillard, Zach Levine, drew Holiday and Pascal, aka all the big contracts that you would've felt better about you three years ago. Did is Dame too high, too low or just right for you? This feels low even if he hasn't been my favorite throughout all this. And I do wonder too, like when we were talking about the heat at the very top, like what if Dame had gone there and it was the same situation with Butler because Butler's not getting the contract with Dame be going, I just wonder if Dame at any point is going, this actually worked out better for me despite the fact that Milwaukee probably more based on health than anything has been disappointing.


When you bring in somebody like Dame to pair with Giannis with this I the Gordon one is tough man because Gordon with Denver is worth so much more to them than as soon as Gordon is away from. He's just not gonna be the same kind of player. So his contract, this is year one, he had an extension. So it's basically five years and one 50. So it's pricey, it's not crazy, right? He sold and he plays really well with the Okage. So I think that makes his value higher just because you know, it's, it's just too, YOIC is at such a crucial point of his career and he's such an important player.


Not just for this generation but just historically. Like I just know Aaron Gordon's good with him so I'm not trading him, you know, it would, it would really have to take something for me to give up, give him up. So when you label this second apron thing, which I think you're absolutely right about like Pingus and Drew and you wonder like after this version of the Celtics, if there's a second apron transaction that happens there with Boston, depending how the season goes, You mean, you mean in July You mean emphatically? Yes. You mean You mean next month, Don't you think Gordon's a a No because of basketball first and contract second if at all Forget. Yeah, I don't, I just think he plays too well with Yoic and as long as, as long as you have Yoic you have a chance to win the title that contract's not prohibitive.


The Murray contract's probably a little more problematic, you know, if, although he's been really good the last couple weeks And I, I think we're all a little happier with what we're seeing. But I would be more worried about that. 'cause you can't miss on the $50 million contract. You can overpay a little bit on the guys making 30 Levi when we get should be behind him is my point. Levine should be behind Gordon go. Okay. Do you like Levine? I do. I I, I'm stunned. It's another shocking thing that's happening this season, how that happen because I've watched him multiple times be the best guy in the court in games against really good teams. And it wasn't like once we're talking 7, 8, 9 times where it's just he's really hard to defend and he is playing I think as well offensively as he's ever played.


And I, I just, I value the offense. He's a 25 points a game guy that can go toe to toe with whoever at the end of a game. You know, it's not nothing like, I'd rather have him than Dame at this point 'cause I can find, no I'm not there yet. I can find point guards. I think it's much harder to find these swings that can create a shot. Like if Golden State somehow got Zach Levine And I don't think it would take a ton. He would be so huge for them because they have no other guy who can create a shot other than Steph. And how many times can you run Steph in a semicircle and set him picks and do little hand like they have nothing else. They have nobody else in this till Minga comes back. So You're not wrong about that.


I mean the dropoff from primary score to secondary like shot creation guy for Golden State is so significant. And that's why, you know, granted yes I love Steph, but when he has like bad games, they'll be this group. It's usually like LeBron weirdos, you know, like, oh how come Steph never, like I don't really love that content of like somebody who's just done it the right way has won multiple rings, first ballot, everything. It's like, can you guys shit on him for a couple weeks? You're like, you know what, I don't want to and I'm not going to like, he missed some shots, but what he is tasked with to solve their problems offensively as the only guy, you know, other than the the shrewder acquisition. And I know like you Could Throw back in my face, right?


You could throw it right back in my face and be like, I thought you just started this podcast talking about you like bucket getters. And you're absolutely right. Like there's moments with Levine where he looks like the most offensively talented player on the court, but there are just too many plays as a seasoned Levine watcher. There are too many plays in there that I think everybody misses where you're like, what were you doing here? Who were you helping do this? What, why didn't you get back on defense here? And they're constant and they're all these, he's He's flawed. I would fully admit he's Flaw. No, there's a lot with him. It's the 71 trade asset. It seems fair. I could just do it. I know, like I thought about doing a version of like something on my podcast where it was gonna be one name, one game where I just watch one player the entire time.


Like that Julius Randall heat game where I just go, you know, I'm gonna rewatch this and just watch Randall. Yeah. And it was when you really focus in the guy that you're like, how come this guy always has numbers and how come his teams are never that good and how come like he's so skilled, like what else is happening around this? And you go, well that's not good and that's not good. And that's, And I talk about this stuff all the time with certain players And I think Levine's the epitome of that. Jaylen's had a couple tough ones. Jalen Brown has had a couple tough ones this year in that respect. Like if you just watch him where Mean not helping on the maxi inbounds, He'll end up with the stats. But if you watch the game he does, he'll have games where he just does 20 things you don't like and you could, you could make a YouTube clip.


I just think he's had a really rough season compared to what happened last year where he really, I think won a lot of us over as this guy has taken a step up And I feel like this year he's gone back to where he was two years ago and there's just really, especially watching them in person two nights in a row, it just, just is, he's got been really messy this year and I'm waiting for it to not be the case anymore. And I'm just not Saying, but at least we know at like the highest level he is, he's delivered. Well That's the thing. So you're hoping in April the it doesn't become messy anymore and it's back. But I'm just saying the regular season's been messy, But there are some scores when I think about their playoff resume And I be like, so you've been doing this how many years? And there's nothing significant.


There's not a moment for me to look at and like, look, I'm with you. There's, there's stuff with Jalen Brown and this year the shooting and, but you know when, when you're that young, like we've argued about Murray when players who are like, have had something really good in their past, have these, like I even was stubborn about Kelvin Johnson. I'm like, is he just gonna be terrible now? Right. He's just gonna be terrible. And I feel like he turned the corner a little bit this season. So even though the Jalen stuff I would agree with you has been frustrating. At least we've seen that before. Somebody Levi Levine the resume like what, what are you throwing at me with Levine? You'd be like, remember remember this series? He, well, well he doesn't have it, but I do think if you're gonna complain about the rules, not you, but just in general the second apron, how hard it is to do trades.


Like the one good thing that's happened with all of this is it's forced guys like Levine to be like, I guess I'm stuck here. I'm just gonna have to play well. And he's had for what? For what he is. I think he's achieved whatever, whatever his talent ceiling is. I think he's achieved that. I also think now that Lonzo's kind of back like Lonzo's getting thrown in these trade rumors. He's an expiring contract. 20 million. If you watch the Bulls, I'm not positive I would even trade Lonzo. I kind of like the Bulls. I'm not even sure they should do anything. Wait, I don't know the most because I don't feel like any of their any, they're not gonna actually get anything for any of their players. So it's like, well why am I doing anything? I'll just make the plan and try to upset somebody.


I don't, it doesn't seem like any of their players are properly valued. It's like I wouldn't just give away Cevi. Oh thanks you're giving be two twos for BU cevi. I'm not doing that. I'm not like giving away Levine and taking back a bad contract. I'll trade Levine, I'll get Bradley Beal back. Why would I do that? Like why would I give away Lonzo? But they haveSo. I like watching Lonzo. They owe their pick this year though, so they have to get into the lottery. Well then, then, then go higher and just lose your pick and outside the lottery. Let's take a break. And then a really fun next category.


This episode is brought to you by vrbo, private Vacation Rentals with vrbo. You always get the whole house so you and your fellow fans can cheer on your team in peace. What's worse than watching a game with somebody who's not rooting for the same team? You're rooting for nothing. But that's why if you book a vacation house with vrbo, you know all the people in your house, they'll be friends, they'll be family. Ideally they'll be the ones who also root for my teams. Plan a winning vacation, make it a vrbo.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats. Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you wanna eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week, all season long. Uber Eats, Uber Eats the official on to demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order Now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


Next category possible studs on rookie deals going from number 68 to 60 2K. Ballet SAR messy. Did you expect this from him? Eve's I didn't expect this. I mean he looks incredible and he's so confident too. Yeah, like there's, there's no hesitation on him. His aggressiveness, they, I feel bad for the Pelicans front office because when you think About they're 12 and 35 like, And I like, well we know that it's nine of their players. They have done such a good job through the draft. Yeah and they have just, you know, their main guys aren't healthy so it's not a mystery.


I have him at 66 where at 65 Stu a stunning turn of events for him And I, I was guilty of saying it too. It's like, oh man, imagine if Miami had taken Connect or Jared McCain and then Ware the last few weeks has looked like a, you know, the kind of young big at a cheap price that anyone would want re che. I'm never selling my stock on him. Wa Caseon Wallace at 63 and then Derek Lively at 62. Those are our possible studs on rookie deals and for trade value purposes, having those guys, if those guys can play a rotation role and you're paying 4 million, 3 million, 6 million, that that, that's where you wanna be.


Next group. Nope. He's worth way more to us than you. Number 61, Devin Vasel. Now this trade value starts to get fun right around here. Number 60 Zoo bots wasn't prepared for him to be that high on the list, but I don't know how many Clipper games I have to watch where he is the best center in the game. His contract is three for 58. Too high, too low or a right range for him. I love zoo. Okay. I think he fights his ass off all the time. There's some good rim protection stuff in there as well. Me too. His hands. I think it's a big part of why they win. I don't know if anybody will do this 'cause I'm not gonna do it, but I'd love to know the success rate of pocket passes.


'cause I think a few guys like did it a couple years ago. Yeah. And then everybody decided that when the big rolled and the two stayed with them, they were like, I'm gonna do this sick lookaway bounce pass and then it's gonna hit somebody's feet or it's never gonna work. Yeah. I think the success rate on this, this pocket pass that every player's obsessed with off of two, staying with them is so low. But a lot of times too, they're screwing the big by trying to even throw it to these guys and zoo for like the bigs that are out there where I'm like, you sure? Like I know what the play calls for and that you think this is the right move, but can the guy actually catch it? I'm a big zoo fan man, so I, I thought this was fine. Instead of a pocket pass, I would call it the, the tibia pass it, it always ends up somewhere between the guy's feet and his knee and the guy's seven feet tall.


It's like, I'm pretty sure he is not gonna be able to take that pass. Jalen, I don't even know. Throw a lot of these look Like, hey, do you see limbs in the way of the pass? Yeah, well then don't, don't make it. It's like, nah, dude two stayed with me half to throw the pocket pass every time. Zoo number 60, James Harden number 59. The deliver of what? A comeback set pocket pass. Yeah. So two clippers in the top 60. Next three, I'm gonna put in a row number 58 Scotty Barnes, number 57. Trey Young, number 56. Jamal Murray. Big contracts, contracts you had to do. I don't think the team feels awesome about the contracts, but you kind of, it's like those no recourse contracts.


How would you rank those three? I have them. Murray had a young and Barnes, is that the right, is that the right order for you? It feels like if Paolo's eight, Scotty Barnes shouldn't be 59 or 58. All right, so I'm one of the many reasons, I'm glad you're here. I don't see the Scotty Barnes thing like some others And I might be too down on him, but I do think when you're the best guy on the team and the team doesn't win at some point. Some of that's gotta be on you because I like, I think this, the Toronto team's actually pretty interesting if you, if you watch them, they've guys all over the place. Even like Agba Ji, it's like a 45%, three point shooter.


He's like their ninth band. Like they have skilled players. I don't understand why they're not better. So anyway, you could talk me into him being 38 or you could have talked me into being here And I, I aired on, I haven't really seen him be an impact guy on a winning team. Trey Young at least has been an impact guy on a winning team. Jamal Murray won a title Tyler Hero who's number 55 And I think he's been more efficient, better offensive player than all those other guys. I just would rather have Tyler Hero at three for 93 than pay the max for Scotty Barnes. Well look, this is probably the wrong time to be ranking Scotty Barnes 'cause it's getting worse.


The efficiency stuff like continues to decline over a four year stretch. He's back under 30% from three. I think you always knew that he was a weird player, but in a good way. 'cause he could do so many different things. But you know, back to like the primary scoring thing, like I don't think he was ever gonna be like a Cade and even though Paolo like people would get on him with his efficiency stuff, especially last year, like that was the big Paolo Scotty Barnes argument last year. It's like, yeah but are you watching the shots that Paolo was tasked with taking? Right. And all these other guys are out. Please factor that in, Right? Like watch and see how difficult some of the shots are for this dude because he is, he's left with the ball to bail them out of every one of these possessions.


So I think if you did like a four year thing of Scotty and then you know, again it's your list. So I don't wanna sit here and and go through 10 straight guys. I'm happy. Too low, too low, too Low. I'm happy to move. No, this is one of the ones I really wanted to hash out. Like he's averaging 28 and 6, 28 and six this season. He should 27% from three. And I, I guess my fear for him, and this would actually be a good outcome for his career, but there was that igu dollars stretch in Philly when he was miscast as the lead guy who's like, I'm gonna be the guy who cares our offense at the end of games and I'm our number one guy and guess what? The team never won. And then once that got repositioned as like no, I'm actually an awesome overqualified number three guy or number four guy And I'm gonna guard the best guy on the other team And I'm gonna learn how to hit three point shot and I'm just like completely additive.


And then he found his destiny. I wonder if that's Scotty Barnes, I wonder if he's just miscast right now is we're gonna run our offense through Scotty Barnes. I don't think you're gonna win games if you're running the offense through him. At least the player is now. Yeah, but the thing is I think his, his playmaking is actually pretty good, but it's, it's just, we talked about Toronto this summer, it's like look at who they're paying. Look how much they're paying all these guys. Yeah. And there's nights where I like RJ Barrett, but it feels like everybody's a slot up too high on a priority list for a basketball team. It's Like a movie where they couldn't find the, the guy to put on the poster and it's a bunch of character actors and role players and it's like, ah, I don't know. Kind of wish we had Nick Cage in this one.


If you were Lawrence Frank and Toronto called and offered Scotty Barnes from Norm Powell. You, you're not saying no As a straight up deal though. Like Scotty's making, Well I Mid forties. But that, that's part norm of the trade by thing. Norm Norm's making 17 million a year, averaging 24 points a game. So you have to factor in the salary. Do I wanna pay Scotty Barnes 45 or Norm Powell 17, whatever the numbers are. That's what, that's where this gets hard that if I'm paying Scotty the number, I'm paying him, I only have money to pay two, two and a half guys that much money. Right. So now I'm all in, he's gotta be one of my best two guys on the team trying to win the title. And I don't know if he's that guy yet.


Do you think Miami would say no to Scotty Barnes for Tyler Hero? I do. Really, when you factor in the salary is Yeah, if I'd rather pay Tyler here of 30 million, but you might be right. That's why we're doing this. I My fear is that because the numbers are down the way that they are and You know what, you know, even Even if we didn't like Toronto, which we both didn't like Toronto this summer and the record bears it out. But you're right, like there are some nights with them where I'll go, oh, like R j's having a big night and be like, oh this is why they wanted Perle back. You know? But they've they've also had a really dis like they haven't had much consistency for long stretches this season of, of having a bunch of guys be available too.


Would you, Do you think the Celtics would trade Derrick White for Scotty Burns If Angel were there? Yeah. 'cause Angel would just go give me the potential talent ceiling. But you're taking on like 15 million extra a year. Yeah. Well then now we're talking second. Now you That second aps a part of this though. Yeah, But that's, that's a different trade you I see. I don't think there's any way Here's whenever we're doing this exercise, right? Yeah. If right now is like the only time in the last couple years that we would say Miami would turn down Scotty Barnes for Tyler Hero is that when we're making a mistake, Then that's okay. I I'm gonna move him down and I'm gonna put him in a new spot and yet I actually have a better category.


You talk me into, I'm moving off 10 spots And I might be wrong. I've, I'll fully admit I might be too glass half empty. The Numbers are there, a couple guys Believe I'm a little too glass half empty on. Look, you wanna run the numbers on it? It just, I was like, man, and maybe it's because I've been so used to the Pa Scotty argument And I'm like, they're 50 slots apart Yeah. On this one. And it's not like I want Scotty over Paolo, but I was like damn 50 spots. Well Paolo's another one that i I I wasn't sure of the right rank of him. All right, so we'll go 59 Harden, 58 Trey Young, 56 Jamal, or 57 Jamal Murray 56 Hero and then 55 Isaiah Hartenstein who is just a winning player on a good contract.


And I value what he does when he is out there. His team plays better. I don't, And I I just feel like they wouldn't trade him. I think he has an incredible amount of value for them. And, and that's that Is Trey too low? Which way would you put him higher into the forties or would you put him backwards? Because he is got a lot of intrinsic value to the Hawks and to the franchise as like their guy and they built a pretty nice set of assets around him that compliment what he does. You know, but I asked him, I'm not sure what his trade value would be around the league.


Well it wasn't very good this summer and it certainly wasn't. There was, there was a big piece on the athletic that spoke directly to that. And I know that like his two guys that have caught the brunt of shit from Atlanta, I, I wouldn't even just say it's fans is like media members. It was like Trey was their guy and then you're like, okay, did you see this piece where they basically said we need to be completely different with you? Yeah, that should matter. Right? And so you've seen it, you've seen it this year. You know, whether it's Deandre being better in his role and Jalen taking on such a huge part of the offense. Like I think it was a little alarming that it took this many years for them to say, Hey Trey, you know what'd be really cool is when you have the ball, throw it up ahead to see if there's an opportunity to attack.


Like kind of like that halfway transition. You got four of them, You can use them at any time. It, it's not just half court can That line, you can give him the ball before you cross that line. Like no shit. And so look, all that stuff was in there and they were like, they need to reevaluate what this is. I mean it's not like he's taken 12 shots a game as opposed to 20. He is only down like a couple shots here. The assist numbers are huge. There's, and also another piece like I'm sorry that I'm just reading it And I was sort of just laughing as I read all these quotes. It was like, you know, I don't need to just hang onto the basketball and wait for the assist play. I can pass it to someone else who then can move the ball around a little bit. Oh and you're just like, that was the, you think so Doctor T's quote, Right?


So I've, you know, we both sneaky liked this roster for a while And I like it even more. I guess I'll never understand the O Congo thing of like, why every time I would watch I'd be like, so Clint's still the better option there. Yeah. And then they made that change and Yeah, every three weeks a Congo looks like Bill Russell in like 1963. It's gotta mean something. Yeah. And I guess maybe There's some, I I wanted to put him in this list And I didn't, couldn't find a spot for him. But you this now we gonna do the Hawk Top 85. Hey next group. Okay. This is a one person group. It's called, sorry I can't answer your call. I'm taking a long sad, please leave message after the beep.


And that is number 54. Joel Embiid. I have no idea what Joel m Be's trade ve you could tell me that Philly has to attach picks to trade him. You could tell me people would offer picks for him. I have no idea. I I you you could tell me anything. I would believe it. And you don't know either. I don't, but I I wasn't mad about it. I didn't go. This is outrageous. He doesn't play because I remember. No. And I remember like last year when it was, I think it was, we already talked about it when we did the Denver show And I mentioned the Zack Lowe part of it. And I wasn't being critical of Zach, but it was just this accepted thing because of who m beat at Ben, he won the MVP that it was like he was in the top five And I don't think you just automatically lose your spot when you're not healthy. And maybe even if you miss a year.


But with him, I don't know, I don't know what you do with him. I'd love to know what the contract negotiation was like, why they were in such a hurry to extend him. And it certainly took him what, 12 seconds to go done. 12? I think it was four. I would, if I wanna sound a little, he was Like, can I DocuSign that right now? Can you just send that to me right now? I got a DocuSign, I have it open. Don't send the DocuSign, I'll drive to you. I'll bring my own Sharpie. I, I Don't know what his value is man. I just don't know that I'd want to be in business 'cause why is it supposed to get better? And for all the shit that he is taken right now from missing games and the Denver history's brought back up. I'd ask the people that are mad at him for not, did you watch when he was playing and like you can come at me with the box score and all that stuff.


The guy doesn't move, just Go watch the go watch the Golden State game. If, if you're Wondering why, right? And he got his numbers. Yeah. And he got his numbers. So you'll say, oh no, what are you guys talking about? And it's now Watch the Golden State game. There's just watch one defense more so He's gonna move that badly. My point is I don't even blame him for not playing. Like he was clearly marginalized when he was out there and now people are mad that he is not playing anymore. And I, I kind of look at that stretch of going, well if that's how bad it was gonna look, then he actually needs to as frustrating as it for everybody, everybody he needs to be missing games to not look like that anymore. 'cause that's not gonna work either. It was handled horrendously by the team, it was handled horrendously by Embiid and it's gotten worse the whole season.


And I know I, I know a bunch of six ER fans, all of them are in that zone of just like, why aren't you just telling us what's going on? Why the secrecy? Why are you hiding things? Why is this so murky at all times? It's, you know, it just sucks the life out of, they may not know the franchise, the fans but then say you don't know. 'cause they tried to say in the beginning of the season they tried to make it seem like, oh he is doing some, some some knee management stuff and he clearly is not gonna be able to play three games in a row. And if he does, you know the other thing when he plays well and they're like strategically picking these games where it's like, Hey Charlotte, tonight you wanna play? Yeah, Charlotte. Great. All right let me, lemme give that a whirl.


But I don't think, does anybody think he's gonna be able to play four straight playoff rounds? I don't know why anybody did. Did he play three? Do you think he played two? What's gonna be better about this two months from now? I don't even know how you would project to be like, yeah, no, it'll, it'll it'll just be fine. The Olympics thing was clearly a huge priority to him. And I think part of it was you're not gonna win a title like you know, win a gold and you know he's had some big moments for him but for somebody who just doesn't ever seem to be right, like was that, was that the best use of your time? Also we've been basketball fans for a long time. We've seen some things and the direction this has gone.


We just have a, a mental history of other guys where we've watched this kind of arc or lack of an arc and it's like sea-web. No, once the microfracture surgery goes through it's, it'll be fine. He should be, you know, the only one I can remember where the guy was gone and it seemed bleak and then he came back and was really good was Amari Meyer. Especially in the 2010 season in that first stretch in with the Knicks in 2011 where it seemed like he had hit that point where you just could never rely on him again. And then he did rally back and beads carrying, I dunno, 50, 60, 70 extra pounds and more inches and everything. And I just think Ya Ming was another one.


Yeah, his feet aren't good and then all of a sudden he was just outta basketball. I think when with these tall guys, when it goes in this direction, the history of the league says it keeps going that direction. Samson was another one, the late eighties got traded at Golden State. Oh this will go great. Oh new team new and his knees are better. And he was outta the league in three years. So the fact that he's just not playing basketball that much is historically a horrible son. Next category. Do you think There's a trade real quick though? Do you, did you think of any trade that you would go, this could actually be some, because I don't even know how you would start the conversation. No, the the, I think I mentioned this on a pod a couple weeks ago. It's, it's an all time bullet dodge by the Knicks because I do think they would've gone all in for him last summer and instead they went down this bridges towns path instead, which turned out to be way better thing.


But I think they would've, I think they would've given up the goods for him. I don't know if there's another team though. I don't think there's a, you'd have to have a huge salary that goes the other way. It would have to be a pretty desperate team and it would honestly be irresponsible to to trade for him with the contract he has when you don't know if he can play or not. I wouldn't do that if I was an owner. Would You trade Bill for him? So Bill three years left this year and the next two But I get out of the business. I mean would Ish be a do that? Of course but that doesn't solve my Philly problem because I'm taking on another bad contract.


I'd rather just keep my fingers crossed with Bead Next group. Very valuable assets on very good contracts. Number 53, NAS Reed who's like make it 12 million a year. I don't like, here's one of the best contracts of the league. Lou Dot another one who makes nothing. Norm Powell, Austin Reeves who really should have listened to us when we were telling him to sign with the Spurs. Derek White, Jared Allen that spurs 3 48 Spurs. Didn't listen. Next group is valuable. Assets on not as good contracts. Move Scotty Barnes here to 47 thanks to his agent Ryan Marillo. She goon at 46, marketing at 45 OG and an Obi at 44.


I just don't love the contracts but love the player Marketing is the one that I think has been the weirdest one this season. 'cause he's just, his stats aren't the same. You're paying him as a franchise guy who can, you know, wait, last year he was winning games and beating teams, having best player on the floor games hasn't really been the same this year. But I also wonder if he's just on cruise control and 'cause they're tanking. Any thoughts or Yeah, I'm a little worried 'cause it, you know, it kind of gets back to that thing of like, well if you've shown us some really high level stuff then I expect that you're gonna get back to it a little bit. And he's 28.


I Would say there's some Kete George possessions where everybody else is watching that I don't love. And then Sexton is talented enough to get his, so now do they have like all these other dudes in hell and they bring in sense of awe and they bring like there's just a lot of guys like it's go time and is Lowry collateral because it feels like there's less opportunities for him to initiate? Or is that something that people have figured out with him? Yeah. Who's the point? Who's his buddy? Who's the point guard on this team who's looking out for him and getting him good shots? I'm gonna say nobody be the case. The case I, I don't like, I still think that there's value for him and, but it did.


I think it's a fair point in that last year it didn't matter what, whatever his con whatever to the last dollar we can pay this guy is what he deserves and what he would get paid. And everybody else would be happy to give him that in a free agent world. And this season maybe makes you think of him as more expensive. Well and also it's two guys. Golden State went after last year and didn't get him and Paul George and for what they would've had to give up for marketing. Maybe, maybe you're relieved a little bit if you're Golden State would've been a ton of draft picks. You're giving up Wiggins, you're putting Minga in there and for what you've seen from marketing this year, not that he is not a good player, but I just don't know what's your destiny if you're golden state, if you're built around curry and marketing.


I don't, I don't know where that takes you. You're not in any different of a spot than like Phoenix's Group h always the toughest guy to figure out. This group's called you realize he has a no trade clause and he is 40. Right? It's LeBron James. I don't, he they're not trading him. I don't think anyone's trading for him and it's a useless exercise. Talk about him. All right, next group. Lemme save you some time. Fuck no. Really fun group. Here's number 40 twos Castle 41, Trey Murphy 40, Josh Hart 39, Dyson Daniels 38. Desmond Bain, 37, Darius Garland, 36, Jalen Suggs. We're getting into some real trade assets now I I'm fine to admit that I'm overrated Castle if you think I am.


I just really like 'em. I'm all in. I have, I have a house on Castle Island already. I'm I'm in I'm I'm completely in on that guy. And the question would be is should he be that much higher than the other guys in the draft? In my opinion, yes. I think he's gonna be a guy who could be a top three guy on the title team And I think he's a really nice person for the Weby experience as we travel through it for the next seven, eight years. That's a guy who can win titles with them. So I might override I'd love No, I, you know, I don't, I don't think it's, 'cause here's, here's an example that I would use. Like when we went back and looked at like Domingo, right? You had Minga 83 and you had toughest omission Tar Easton. I would look at like, okay, I've seen the ups and downs of the Minga thing for multiple seasons.


So the idea that it's just going to turn this corner into something like really steady and that he could be a number two scoring option on an okay team for 30 million A Year. That's now yeah. That, that's now starting to feel like a bit of a reach with Domingo where with Tar East and even though it's raw or whatever, like he's out there just wreaking havoc on basketball games. Yeah. And because I haven't really gotten to see the full form version of Tara Easton. Like he would still be more valuable to me just based on the unknown. And then we know this game enough that like the unknown always trumps the known and that's why Castle is a hangup. Even if it's not like the best ver you know, 'cause whenever we see somebody young that's this good, like what if he can do this? What if he can do this? I don't know if he's ever gonna be able to shoot it consistently, but I do know this, the guy's what, two years removed from high school and he goes at like 30-year-old dudes.


Like they stole from him. Yeah. He looks to fucking kill guys. So that mentality and all of that, like having a a dude out there that is completely unafraid this early, like there's plenty of young guys, you're like, okay, he's just uncomfortable and he needs to kind of get through this. There's none of that with him. So even if the full arsenal of like all the offensive polish of even a guy like Vall, I, I have no problem with him being this high because teams don't trade guys like that. I agree. I'm really interested to see what happens with them next two months and with San Antonio in general. Because I actually think their record's lower than maybe it should be. We all went o under on them or I I went under on them.


Maybe you went over on them before the season. No, I'm pretty sure I went over 'cause it was such a massive, massive jump I think. Did you go over? No, I went under, I, I went under just because I thought the west was too good And I, I didn't see the path for them to be in the high thirties. But they, they're in a lot of these games and Webbys terrifying. And if Castle gets better down the stretch, who knows? Trey Murphy. I'm putting in 41 because I liked last year for him. I think they fucked him this year with the contract extension. Couldn't, couldn't really work out all summer. Didn't know if he was getting it then he gets it got hurt. But if you've watched him the last couple weeks, that's just the kind of guy you want on your team. You know, he's, he's, I think we would've seen this earlier from him too.


One with health and just more opportunity. Yeah. It's starting to feel undeniable with him. Yeah. And now I, I kind of just don't want some of these guys to get in his way because I think there's an awesome version of him that's just waiting to happen here. And I, I love him. So If we ran a team, no, we'd be calling Griffin every four, eight hours. Like, ah, I don't know, maybe too many guys. What about Murphy? Josh Hart? I was shocked that I had him this high, but the guy plays 42 minutes a game, has crazy stats and he is indispensable on a top five team and he is on a good contract. So I had to put him there. Daniels we both love Bain Garland Suggs, no arguments in any of those.


This next group, it's three people. It's called, if you Tell Shams I'll deny it to the death. But I'm absolutely unequivocally 100% listening. Number 35 Zion Williamson, number 34 Laila Ball and number 33 Bam out bio. And I think bam would be the surprise in that one. But I'm just prepared for anything with Miami. I don't know what they do, whether they blow it up. Who knows? Like is Miami hanging up? If you're like, we're here to talk about Bam. I just don't think they are. I think everyone on their team's available. I might hang up on you and end the pod right now for having Bam in a group with Zion and Mello. I Listen, I I'm sorry. I could also put him in the next group. Just Put 'em in another group. He shouldn't be in that group with those two guys. Okay. I'm gonna move them down just, just to keep you happy so It's so disrespectful.


Give them the same ranking. Same ranking number 33. Yeah, that's fine. But he's in the next group, which is called, sorry, we're pot committed here. Okay. Zion and Lalo. I, Zion would train for Zion. I I would totally talk myself into he's in the worst possible franchise with the worst trainers and and a weird fan base and a bad city for him. We if we just bring him here. Yeah, it Was, it was the weird fan base. That's what he Well I'm just, I'm saying if you're talking yourself into, oh, if we could just get him, we can mold him. Sure. He's the kind of guy that gets GMs fired where you're like, no, no we gotta do this. 'cause once we get him and then three months later he pulls a hamstring and he puts on 20 pounds and you're like, oh my God, I'm gonna lose my job.


Why did I do this? That's him. I agree that I think there's a second team market for him just based on history. This is like Darko and Orlando giving up a lottery pick for him. Oh wow. It's like, well this guy went really high. Darko. Do you remember Though? Yes I do. But wow, I didn't know it was that bad. No it isn't because Zion's done more than Darko Ever did. But I was thinking it was more like the Chris Weber Mitch Richman type of trade where you're like, oh you're giving us Mitch Richman even though he is 33. Fine. That's a better one based on production because like the Zion thing was, was really good last year and it's kind of like a little bit like the MBI thing in that you go, well if the market is this bad for this guy that I know I probably should be in business with, I'm still not going to trade him now.


And then I think on the other side of it, not that this lasted very long, but the idea that because of the contract, like would they wave him? You go, no, no, wait a minute, wait a minute. There's a market, there's still a market based on like the second team going, like if it were Pierce and Antoine Walker, you would be calling into EEI being like, we should, we should get Zion. Like that's the kind of structure of a team where you go, they don't really have that much hope. And like I'm gonna be excited and it's gonna be cool to have Zion in my Favorite team. But that could be Golden State uniform. Golden state. But that could be Golden State. Right now when we're talking about like Hail Mary, we have to do something crazy moves saying fuck it and going after Zion that that qualifies. 'cause if you strike oil with it, it's an ama it's an amazing trade.


If all the good things from the trade happen, it's the best trade anyone could make this decade and yet it's probably way more likely all the other stuff would happen. It's, it's one of the toughest trade assets in a long time. Okay, but in a vacuum, like if you were running a team and let's, I Wouldn't trade for 'em. Okay. But if somebody said you have to have one like your owner calls, Hey, I just bought the team. It's, it's Bezos. Bezos is like, we need to make a statement here early Bill finally gonna give you GM job. And we're also gonna have like behind the scenes you think, you think hard knocks was all access. Yeah, we're gonna be, we're gonna be waking up with you. Okay. Right.


24 Hours you're gonna be running the team. 24 Hour vr. Right? So you need to trade for one of the two MLO or Zion. I'd trade for mlo. Mlo. I, that's another one where you can, he's a get coaches and GMs fired guy. His destiny, I made this joke many times, but his destiny might end up being an awesome basketball reference page. And you know, Twitter, TikTok, Snapchat, one minute clips of this guy was a problem and that might be it. But you watch him on certain nights and he just seems completely unstoppable and like he can make any shot and you could get seduced by it.


I if it was him versus Zion, at least I know who's probably a better bet to play. Yeah. Which isn't even a great bet. I thought the all star voting thing was really interesting. And then when I went to look at how it was happening, when you sorted his position for available people to vote on, he's the first option because he was leading everybody in scoring. Ooh. So I was like, I wonder if that would happen. I gotta give Tim McMahon credit on this one. 'cause he was on with Windhorse and, and Bon Temps and he was like, well his style of play has been in preparation of the All-Star game. So he's a perfect fit. If he's named a starter. He ended up not being a starter. He shouldn't have been a starter based on what Mitchell, Garland, Brunson, and all these guys have done.


I I think between the two, here's, here's the issue wasn't just the BA issue. I think that Zion and Lalo should be behind group GI think they should just be behind it. Because if somebody offered you So with LeBron Yeah. Between LeBron and those other guys. All right. Right. Because I mean even though you can't trade Trey Murphy for Zion, if Trey Murphy were offered for Zion, the team says, yeah, we, we'll turn the page on this. So the Pelicans call the Spurs and they say, we'll give you Zion for Castle. And the Spurs say, no way. The smart answer's no way. Okay. I think you're right.


That's a good, see this is why you're a great trade value Conciliary. That's a good note. I'm like, mad dog. That's a good job by you Ryan. That's just a great job right there. Okay. SEP And S Put me to sleep. I was, it was, it was such a sad day in my career. I was in the car driving home. Listen to Mad Dog said that Mad Dog said that. He said it on the air. Mad Dog shit on Van Pel And I, And I was like, I would leave ESPN right at four. I'd be driving to the gym, I would listen to Little Gotlieb, I'd check out what the dog was doing, got and D and Dog was like, that's me. Famous. Yeah. I mean to sleep, huh? Yeah. There's no energy on that show.


And I was just like, fuck was he gonna do another Eagles rejoin? Wow. From Scottsdale. I was pissed. Yeah. The good thing is, the good thing is you let slights like that, you just forget about them overnight. Don't think about them again. Yeah. Like it never happened. We're gonna take one more break and do the top 33.


This episode is brought to you by Rocket Money. You sign up for something, forget about after the trial period ends, then you're charged month after month after month. The subscriptions are there but you're not using them. In fact, I just learned that 85% of people have at least one paid subscription going unused each month. Thanks to Rocket Money. You can see all your subscriptions in one place, cancel the ones you're not using anymore. Now you're saving money. Rocket Money is a personal finance app that helps find and cancel your unwanted subscriptions. You have so many of these monitors your spending and helps lower your bills so you can grow your savings. See all of your subscriptions in one place. Know exactly where your money is going. For ones you don't want anymore. Rocket Money can help you cancel them. Rocket Money. Over five million users, they've saved a total of 500 million in canceled subscriptions. Saving members up to $740 a year and using all the apps premium features, cancel your unwanted subscriptions, reach your financial goals faster with Rocket Money. Go to Rocket Money dot com slash bill today. That's Rocket Money dot com slash bill.


This episode is brought to you by Pepcid Complete. We all know that one of the best parts of game day is the food on Sundays Nephew, Kyle comes over. Sometimes we'll get healthy, we'll get some salads. Sometimes we'll get a little ambitious. We'll get some sandwiches. It's always the best part of my food week. Well, until heartburn strikes then it's not as great. You get heartburn from time to time. Gotta watch out. You don't wanna be rolling around in bed all night. Thankfully Pepcid Complete starts to work instantly. It lasts all day. Just one great tasting chewable tablet provides dual action heartburn relief with an an acid that starts working instantly and an acid reducer that lasts all day. So you can stay focused on that second sandwich. That second. Second helping a salad not Harper. Visit pepcid.com to shop now all day based on eight hour symptom relief Studies during the day. Use product only as directed.


All right. 33 guys left. This is group E, sorry, we're pop committed it here. WEC demanded ba be put in this group and get away from Zion Ella. So bam, thanks you. He's 33. Mikhail Bridges, Kyrie Irving, Jalen Brown who was in the teens I think three months ago And I think has dropped and we can talk about that in a second. Franz Wagner, Kevin Durant and then Saboni. And there's a couple of the contracts here. Jalen Brown, four years left. 2 36. Kevin Durant. Two years 1 0 6, that's this year. Next year Saboni four for 180 6.


Little pricey but But that, what do you think of that order add Abi Bridges, Irving Brown, Wagner Durant. And then number 27 Saboni. Is that the right group for Durant? It's Did you nudge 'em up? I think it is too age and And yeah but team performance. But you know, if, if the ran were offered to the Pacers or Halliburton would they just go, yep, no problem and we'll just have Mhar initiate everything. I don't think the Pacers do it. It's too hard to find a guy who's like, I love being Indiana signature guy. I think it would take a lot for them to trade him. You seem to ramp may just not be into it later on. Alright, that's fine.


I love, I love this group 'cause I think this is where it really starts getting hard. This is where all the years, all the tape for you Bill is showing up because Hmm, Kyrie, this is maybe the highest he's been in a long time. Listen, I'm a second myself Kyrie, I'm a second chance guy. I'm a third chance guy and I'm even a fourth chance guy. Kyrie not one of my, not one of my favorites for a long time and he really won me over the last couple years. He fine. He is a late bloomer, but I don't know, I think this is the right area for him because if he's your second best player you can make the NBA finals. We saw that in June. Yeah. Miked up. Just leadership pouring into your ears.


Coherent. Coherent press conferences hasn't done really anything goofy in about a year and a half, two years, Right. Well yeah, I think we're Coming up on what, two years of him being trained? Two anniversary. That should have been, yeah, that would've been a good anniversary for you as pen to celebrate. It'd be a good 30 for 30. You know the Jalen thing for Durant, you think Boston says no, I think they, they that'd stump you. I think they'd have to, well that's why I had Durant 28 and Brown 30. Because I think if you're Boston then you have the chance to get out of the last two years of Jaylen's contract and replace 'em with somebody that would keep you as competitive as you are right now.


You'd, you'd at least have to have meetings about it. If you're Phoenix. Why am I doing that? Like I'm already like all the way in with this KD booker thing. I like, I can't really deviate from that at this point. It just feels low for Jalen And I think because of this year he's getting ding too much. Although I like the So you put Him in the twenties? Yeah, but see, but I like the group that he's in because Simon is incredibly like, like the stats with him every single time. I don't even know that I blamed the guy from Turkey for voting him for MVP. I know he was, was he from Greece or something like that? Like he might have just pulled up and gone like, look at this plus minus shit. Like are you kidding?


Like that has to be the MV 15 Rebounds a game. Yeah, The jam thing four, four years for 2 36 in the last two years in the sixties when we're in a second apron league now it's just, it's, it's really hard to pay your second best player that contract. I think that's why he has to be dinked. It's not totally his fault. Okay. But like we were doing it before and so what was the Jalen deal? Five years what? Five years almost. I mean it was like 2 80, 2 85, something like that. Now we're four years left at 2 36. So it's just yeah, a crazy number because, Because we were talking, we were talking OG and Obie, we didn't really get into it.


Like there's part of me that will always think like, you gotta pay OG And I Obi five years to 12 fully guaranteed and give him a player option on the last year. And you know, statistically there's some stuff with him. You're like how does, but when you watch him, you appreciate him a little bit more. Certainly when he's been more available, which I think has been a fair knock on him in the past there. But you're right, like it's still 75 million light of what you're paying Jalen. So Yeah, he's 49.2 this year. 53, 57, 61 64 in the 28 29 season. That's alarming for anybody.


Right? But the cap's gonna go up and it's 65 million. As crazy as that number is, it's 65 million for him at 32 he's gonna age well and at that point it's only, it's under 32% of the actual cap hit. So I hope he ages well. I don't like the fact that he's fucking jacked. I think he needs to un jack by about, I think he needs to un jack by about seven pounds of muscle after seeing him in person for two days. I was alarmed by how Jack was, he looked like he should be with Jesse Ventura and Schwarzenegger and Carl Withers in the Predator movie. That's like how Jack was And I just don't like that's didn't Hurt Kevin. A small forward Is Kevin Willis first team all time.


Oh yeah. Looks like he could, looks like he could play right now. Like I love, that's always the Fred Lin thing when he stops by Nessen once a year. It's just like it's It's mandatory. Yeah mandatory that anybody that ages, well he could be 104, you'd be like, I that guy probably get you six innings right now. Right. You just have to basically love that. Basically skinny. It's just, if you're skinny they, they say it and A tan, Oh you're, you don't have a pop belly, you're tan, you can play right now. Group D seven guys, budding franchise guys, Tyrese, Maxey 26, Halliburton Gulp, Carl Anthony towns number 24, John Morant, Brandon Miller, Brandon Miller, Jalen Johnson and Chet Holmgren who would've been higher but he's had two major injuries already and he is like 22 And I had to ding him as a a, if you healthy Chet Holmgren I think would be higher.


Anyone on that list jump out to you in the wrong way or the right way. Towns has been great for them. Completely won the trade. Still gonna be a little bit worried about what the defensive alignment stuff might be, but when they're rolling offensively it's, I mean it's just an awesome one through five. The contract for towns 49.2, 53.1 57 61. He looks a hair But he, he's been awesome and there's no way he's not a top 30 trade asset where he is. Exactly. I don't know. Nope. I don't think when, you know, as we get to the rest of the list that I've seen here. So there was nothing I And I, I always could pick at anything. I guess I'm just, well kind of wondering like what is Jaw right now?


Well That, that was the one. Is Jah too high on this list and should he be backwards? Just because Jah doesn't play a lot and it's like these one-off, then he plays two, then he is off one, then he is off three, then he is, then he is playing three more. It just seems like he's not available a lot and it makes me nervous that that's my franchise guy. He's like, 'cause It's true When Tatum doesn't play, I'm like, what happened to Tatum? He's not playing like, I just assume he's gonna play every game with Ja. It's like whoa. Ja played a month in a row. Really? He's missed 19 games this year. He played nine games last year and we know last year was a mess for bunch of Different things.


But they've been 19 games that he missed that have been spread out. They're sprinkled out like 2, 3, 1, 4. No he's, he's de Definitely a, because Memphis is is on whatever priority, like it's easily a top 10 team for me now. 'cause I just am like falling in love with Jar Jackson in a new way. Yeah. Like I always appreciated him but now like this year I, I get like excited to kind of see like, I wonder how they're gonna use him. I love Jaren Jackson. So there you go. And you're right, like there's nights where I go, oh like shit Ja isn't playing again tonight. And so when you look at his style of plan, I know he is talked about like I'm just not gonna be doing the same type of stuff that he is in the second year of a five year deal for 197.2 million.


But it, it Makes, look he said two major incidents. Don't forget to include that part. Yeah, this, this is a lot like some of these other guys that we talk about. Whether it's trades value to Atlanta specifically Lilo's value to Charlotte, new Orleans going, look, if Zion's not worth anything on the trade market, we might as well just ride this out again and see that if he's healthy because the best version of him, like we can be a team that, you know, I don't know if dangerous is the wrong word here, but you understand like at least like a, a path of if we have all of our guys and you know we can get frustrated, we can get impatient but so many of these teams just kind of default to patience that yeah Jaw's, jaw's probably a hangup on almost 90% of like, there's probably a few guys ahead of him that are hangups.


But I also, I can see people making, making an argument that at 23 he's too high because of availability. Availability. If Memphis called Philly and said, we'll trade you job Moran for Tyree Maxey straight up right now, I don't think Philly does it. Which tells me I I probably should add job behind Tyree Maxey. Yeah and Maxey you know, has missed a little time this year but that was the, those were the two that I put next to each other. The contract's the same. Maxi is only on the first year but it's five years. 2 0 4 like I said, versus five years 1 97. Maxie played 60 games last year. 70 games a year before that. He's played 37 to 40 for this year.


His shooting numbers are down. But really that to me is a product of him going, that's his beads out and I'm just gonna force the issue. And he is taking a million shots, he's taking more bad shots than they normally would. So I don't look at his declining shooting this year as this alarming thing. I think it was just, He's been good. The shot difficulty. Yeah so, So maybe it's Halliburton 26 Ja 25 Maxi. 24 towns 23 I think. I think that's the order because I think Max, I think Maxi is a little more of a hangup than Js from Memphis just because of the lack of availability and some of the stuff that's happened. Are you okay with Brandon Miller at 22? I mean I could ding you 'cause of the hand surgery but based on everything you've read about it is that it's pretty straightforward and that and Jalen Johnson 21 you're good with.


Yeah, I love Jalen Johnson. Yeah, me too. Okay, next group. Three guys, group C. Only if they made us do it. Number 19, DN Fox number 18. Steph Curry, number 17. Devin Booker, you heard me correctly. Steph Curry number eight is 18, here's the case. I think you And I are probably among the two biggest Steph Curry fans in the media. Seth is probably third Three years 178 million is the number. He's 36. And if he's the best player on a pretty average team in the old days, that meant the team would've been good to maybe really good now it means pretty average.


That's what we've seen. I just think he's, I don't think he's at a, a completely different point in his career, but he is at a slightly different point in his career this, this version of Steph Curry right now would not have won the 2022 finals. I think there's been a slate slate slight aging with him. But I also don't think they would ever trade him unless he went into the office and said, you guys have to trade me. It's time. So it's a tough one. No, When he, when he had the opportunity to talk about the trade market, he did the exact opposite. Did the exact opposite. Bobby Marks brought it up when we had him on not that long ago. And it's like, this is what you want, this is what you want in the face of your franchise. This is the person that looks at kind of this lifetime professional relationship of like, hey, what's the best way for me to handle this versus the worst way?


And the worst way would be like Anthony Davis clearly did it 'cause he learned it from watching LeBron. Yeah. The passive aggressive trade request. Are rosters not good enough while I'm Yeah we need a big man. You have like five big man on your roster And I Just, And I just don't think, I just think it's a ridiculous way to like operate as if the front office is sitting around and be like, Hey, do you guys wanna be worse or better? Like I don't know, what about you? Like what do you want to do today? Ah, I don't know, let's get lunch and then we'll think about it. And then it's like, oh no, the players said he wants us to get better. Alright, well that that does it. Yeah, let's get fine then we weren't, we weren't gonna do it. We actually wanted to be average. But now, and usually that means you're forcing the front office if you have leverage, if you have an upcoming contract, you have things, you're probably forcing the front office and ownership into doing something they don't think is the best thing to do long term.


And you know, LeBron's never care about any of the draft picks anyway. So I think Davis is just basically saying the same stuff as him. So Steph, Yeah, they're no lying thing. There's, there's no, I don't know, you know, nothing's impossible but I don't know if that day is ever gonna come. I only think the only thing that would make sense to me would be Charlotte if he wanted to like finish his career there. But that's just, you're punting on everything. And I, I, I do think some people feel like relationships are really important and that they would rather spend the rest of their career like understanding the impact of like I was on the same team that drafted me. We won titles together. I ended up retiring with all with some of the people I played with.


I think he cares about that. So it's stupid to even have him on a list like this. Booker was an interesting one because I have him 17th. I don't have him in either of the top two groups. You could make a case that he should be, but I just haven't liked that. That team seems super disjointed and unhappy for three straight years and he's the best guy on it and at some point it, you know, he's 28. I just couldn't get there. But I'm also willing to be talked into nudging him up if you think we should. I just think he should be up man. Okay. I'm a huge Booker fan And I think it's been a bit like some of the stuff, stuff that we've seen, I think there's certain guys from an efficiency standpoint, we just talked about it with Maxi where I can handle the efficiency being dinged a little when I feel like you are tasked with having to get your team out of so many bad possessions.


And when I watch them, I think he's still, he's still the guy I trust the most on that team. So if that, alright so let's go, let's run through it. Go like you think, you think of Jalen Williams, well the Jalen Williams contract thing with OKC, I'm gonna lose because of the flexibility's Stuff. Let's go go B. We can go through each guy and you tell me if any of them would trade this guy for Devin Booker. So I'll move Booker up to group B. So he is 17 number 16. Jalen Williams. I don't think they, I think they would rather have Williams on the contract. He's on younger, his age is time to SGA and Chet and some of the draft picks they have, I just think they would rather have Jalen Williams and Booker.


As weird as that sounds from a basketball standpoint, it's also a team that doesn't really make trades ever. So you good with that? Yeah, the contract. I can't win it Thompson, I'd rather have Booker just sort of a basketball player. I'd rather have Booker playing next to SGA right now than Jalen Williams. I don't even know how anybody would debate. That Hurts me on defense a little bit, right? Jaylen Williams doing, you know, between him and Dort, that's part, I think what makes their defense so special is they're, everybody on that team can switch in all these good ways.


And there's high end defender, like SG is probably the worst defender out of their CrunchTime guys. And I mean he's Defender. Look at who, they'll either attack, the other team will attack Wallace if it's a size thing or yeah, they'll go at SGA 'cause it's like the best of the options, you know? So you can avoid do or Caruso or even Wiggins who I think is one of my favorite like underrated players in the entire league. I like it too. Yeah. Yeah. That's why it's so unfun to talk about OKC trades. 'cause it was like, I like all these guys that wouldn't trade. Like, oh we gotta improve the Wiggins spot. Do you? I'd rather like see what I have with Wiggins and all these guys like playing with each other, which you gotta value. Like it's really hard to make a trade if you have chemistry like they have, I wouldn't touch it, you know, Thompson at 15, it's a really fun basketball trade Thompson for Booker.


I just, I'd be terrified to trade Thompson at this point. I just couldn't do it. Just from what we've seen in the last five weeks. To me it's an automatic hangup. I just can't do it. I don't know what's there. Like there, there's like, there ceiling is opening up and there's like co real kawai potential now there's Pippin potential, now there's potential for all time guys when you watch him. This is, this is beyond just, oh man, that guy's really good. Like there's, we're at another level of it now and everyone can see it. You could see it last time with the Celtics game, he was the best guy in the game. He's in a game with Brooks hits 10 threes Tatum's in the game. Jalen Brown's in the game and Thompson was the most impactful guy in the game.


So I wouldn't, I would not trade him. I would Trade him for Booker. You Would? Okay. I would, I think, I think this is where, See, I wouldn't do it. I mean we, we raved about him at the beginning, so I don't think anybody's in the, but he's, he's 19% from three. First career Kawhi was 38% his rookie year. I think he was 38% his second year too. But how many years was Kawhi in college? At least three, right? Yeah. Yeah. So Thompson's Thompson's at the stage right now where basically Kawhi was a rookie in the Spurs. I look at Booker as a top 10 bucket getter and we've seen it in the playoffs. We've seen it deeper in the playoffs. He's 28 years old.


And he is a motherfucker in the best possible way. Mm. And not in a way that like distracts him from the task at hand at the game. But I, I don't think he's afraid of anybody. I think when his, his level of like shot creation and scoring in huge moments is there's not 10 players in the league that are better than him at That, you know, I'm gonna, I'll move him to 16, I'll move Thompson to 17 and I'll move Jalen Williams to 15. My only fear with Thompson is this was, it's like, remember that five weeks when I'm, when Thompson was like, looked like the greatest prospect of any Swingman in 10 years. And then, and then he shot 9% from three in March.


So I'm not, I'm just careful. He, he might be, I don't wanna put too much pressure on him. Right. But it's kind of the weight of like, how often would we have ever said no to Booker for a men Thompson? And it's like every day. Except for the last 12. Yeah, that's fair. 14. Cade Cunningham. Congrats by the way. I know, I know. You've accept. Been accepting kudos and plotts for the last couple months. You never gave up. You were I think driving the Cade bandwagon. It's been really special this year. And his team's not good. You know, they have some fun role players. They have some fun veterans, but the amount of responsibility he has game to game. This is the argument with Lamel Ball.


The Lamel ball defenders would say, well, his team's not good. Well Cade's team's not good either. And that team is going toe to toe night after night and has a chance to be a pretty fun playing team. I like watching him and he's been really special. So he's number 14. For me To carry this offense back to the first part of this, to be able to do this, I still would like to know over under, if I said it at five and a half number of games, Monte Williams is watching the PIs Pistons should be taking the over the under Way under. I think he's on an island somewhere laughing. Zach, you don't think he's watched six Pistons games? He just outta curiosity, you don't think he's checked in twice a month.


They should be an a, b, C sitcom where he has to live with Killian Hayes. It's just the two of them in, in some beach house in Aruba. Just ordering the staff around. It's like below, below deck to 2023 Pistons, Mati Williams and Killian Hayes. Evan Mobley, number 13. Big win for me. You had your victory lap with Cade Cunningham. Huge victory lap for me with Evan Mobley. I never gave up. I kind of gave up a little bit. And then Jaron Jackson, number 12. Would you, you would say no. Let's see. This becomes a, I can't trade Evan a Cavs thing. You Wouldn't trade? I'd rather size. I'd rather have the size than the guard.


Okay. If I, if I have somebody who can anchor a championship defense, I'm just picking that If it, if all things are equal, alright. Like we've seen, there's games when Moby hasn't played where the calves look just completely different, you know, And I don't know, I I I'm really impressed, but Jackson, who you mentioned earlier, that's been the stunner for me. You know, and this is a big, big win for Chris Vernon who was always like, you guys are always, you know, shooting your wat about Mobley. What about Jaren Jackson who has better numbers every year and has been in more playoff games? Jaren Jackson's been awesome and there's a, there's a fuck you to him this year that I really like, like I that he had that Wendy game this year where he is like, fuck this guy.


I don't like this guy. I'm gonna go at him. He's had a few of those this year. I know the shooting number wasn't great. It's the only dude that I've seen be like, to your point, fuck him. Yeah. It's like, fuck him. I mean, I I haven't seen that since Scoop in that international game. Our guy, we're not dead for Scoot. Sounds delay. I dunno. I come on. They come over to my, they'd come over to my house and be like, is he sleeping? Anyway, Moby 13. Yeah, I jarron Jackson 12. I think that's the right order. I'm, I'm glad, I'm glad I was afraid. I was afraid you were gonna do Jarron Jackson twenties. 'cause you get in his case with the foul trouble and the rebounding and No, he's, he's had an awesome year When, when you think about what he can do offensively and the different ways that you can use him, I've, I've never been as big a fan of him as I am right now.


I voted him as an all star starter. And I know that wasn't popular did you? No way. I no, I I ended up voting for Durant but I stared at it. I did Webe, YOIC Yoic. Right. And I looked at Durant and Jaren Jackson for like a half hour And I really wanted to vote for Jaren Jackson. And I just was like, ah, it's the all star game. It's kd you know, he's the vet And I just, and it's not his fault that his team is run in the worst possible way. But I really wanted to do it. I think I actually wish I had done it. I think you made the right call. Well very few media members agreed with me, but there were still a, like when the votes came out I was like, am I gonna be the only one that did this?


And I think there were seven of us. I wish you had texted me because you could've talked me into it in like 20 seconds. I was that on the fence. But You know, we're all impressionable to a point too. And it just, I caught more and more of him during this and then you back up. Yeah. And you look at the numbers and then you think about what he does defensively and all these different things. And I was like, I think it's close enough and, you know, standings isn't necessarily my tiebreaker And I think that'll not be a tiebreaker when it comes to the MVP vote if we stay on the same path. And I, you know, I think I, I think the Durant like the default and LeBron and all that kind of stuff. Like, hey, it's the all star game. It's about the stars and that's who fans wanna see. Like, I, I wouldn't get mad about anybody doing that if it's close, right?


Yeah. If it's close. Yeah. The LeBron on off court numbers when we had to do the vote, it was just, there's no way you could vote for him. He was like a minus, minus eight, something like that. Jaron Jackson. I think it's, I think it's a little, well it's better now. I I did it this morning. It's, yeah, it's minus 4.6. No it's, it's, I just wanted to make sure it's, it's gotten better 'cause they're playing better. When we had, when we had to do the boat though, it wasn't great. So Jaron Jackson's played 45 of 47 games for the Grizzlies, which is awesome. And he is having his best season all the way. He's 23 and six. He's easily their most indispensable player and they're really good. So kudos to him. I have Davis 11, you saw the last couple games.


Like he really big boy Boston the game last night. You know, he's, if he's playing the right shitty team, you really do feel like he could be a 40 20 guy. He is been really good. They, a week ago I was wondering if they should trade him to Golden State. Now Golden State's gone one way and the Lakers feel like they have some momentum. The Finney Smith thing really helped them. Like, it, it, it feels like they finally have enough guys to at least guard perimeter guys decently now and they don't have to play connect as much. So Reeves can be like the one guy you can kind of hunt, but that's it. Vincent's playing better. And then LeBron's had a little more energy on defense, just a little tiny bit. But I'm a little more hopeful for them than I was a week ago.


A week ago I was like, this team's done. They have no chance. Super impressed with 'em in person when they house the Celtics. I know people can point to the Celtics, what was it, five and seven? But I just hate like how everybody just throws, anytime any team loses, you're just like up back to back up. You know, look at this stretch and, And I understand it but, and the Lakers control that game from the jump and it's very clear That and and bullied them too. It wa right? It was, they knocked them around. I thought they were really physical in a way that was, was like inspiring and not that I went outside and started, you know, fighting people. But I, That would've been awesome. Was Well I wasn't that upset. I wanted to get home and get something to eat because it was late.


But I think DeAngelo Russell just being removed from all of the possibilities and all the possessions and all the stuff that he does that may not show up. Like, oh look at the shooting numbers. Like, oh look at this and he has a better net rating than LeBron. All these different things. It's like, yeah man. But it just, there's just times where, you know, like what the hell is he doing right now? And so their best spacing closing group was their worst defensive perimeter group. Yeah. So they were kind of stuck. And I think removing that removes some of the stuff with them being stuck. And I, you know, it's weird with them 'cause I kind of like them, but I also think like the standard is that when they're not a true title contender, they get so dismissed and they're just like, oh they stink.


It's like they don't, they don't stink. Like there's seven guys there that I kind of like, but then I have to think about who am I picking 'em against in the playoffs in the first round. And that becomes more challenging. There are at least because Just I, There're at least a bitch in the round one you like they from, that's where they've at least taken the season. The Celtic game, whatever, there were real, the Celtics had weird coaching in that game. There was a weird energy they'd played the OT game the night before the Warrior game was the one that really impressed me because I thought the Warriors needed the game. They wanted the game. It was national tv. I wasn't sold on the Lakers at all, but I, they did the same thing they did to Boston and the Thursday it was like, oh shit, this, this team's big Davis is really engaged.


LeBron seems like he kind of is starting to like the roster a little bit. And I really think Reeves who killed the Celtics has turned into a very fun offensive player and that, and Redick's not afraid to run it through him and marginalize LeBron for a couple, you know, half a quarter in crunch time. Like if, if Reeves has the right matchup, they'll go to him, they'll actually use him, which they weren't doing last year. The other hope is that, you know, LeBron defensively is gonna be a different version of himself in the playoffs. Yeah. I mean it's it's terrible right now. And it has been, I mean there's just so many moments you can look at and be like, well if he has to move, like it'll be times where he'll, he'll help to where the help doesn't need to be there, but at least it looks like he's defending somebody and it's like, like it moves.


But Now you, you just, you just messed up the entire rotation of the stuff. And I get it like he's 40 years old and that's why there was that weird stretch like 10 games in or something where they were winning games and he was playing out of his mind and his intensity. I was like what? What is this? Like are you gonna try to keep up this kind of pace? Like this doesn't make any sense. So that actually is the positive in that. I wonder, you know, you gear it up, you have a little bit more of a break during the playoffs if you can see a more engaged version of him where defensively he's just trying to survive. Yeah. The season play as many games as he can. You know, help them be kind of a mid seed team in the west. I still think some of their best offensive possessions is when he's initiating it because it would make sense 'cause he's so smart and he is still so good.


Well Especially transitions. The other thing, his transition stuff is still great. You know, like his ability to read at half court, oh there's only two guys there. I'm just gonna go through them and I'm bigger than them And I'm gonna get a lay up. Well in the passing you get older still has all this stuff Older. Think about it though, how much, how much easier it's to move when you know where you're moving. Yeah. As opposed to having to move in relationship to the other person moving where you have no idea where they're going. Right. So when, when he knows everything that he's doing, it's still incredibly impressive. And so that window of when he played that hard, even though I was like, man this this dude is like, it was a bunch of games in a row. I was like, he's really going for it.


I wonder like if that's actually something to look at where we're like okay, well at least that had happened at some point this season. Even from that time on. Yeah I guess it's been a little bit better lately. But there was, there was a stretch, Well with the Lakers have been up and down but they're in a nice little nice little spot right now. Davis. So this Untouchables group, group B Davis, 11, Jalen Brunson, 10, Donovan Mitchell nine and Mitchell's had, I just love the year he is had and they're not playing huge minutes. They're these really deferred and just seems like he's been an awesome teammate this year And I think he's the biggest reason they're winning last group. So this is a big argument coming outta the gate, this last group completely and utterly untouchable.


And I had Palo number eight And I struggled with that more than I think any other name in the list. Whether he should be in this final group or be in the group that we just went through. And I couldn't shake those first couple games before he got hurt this season. Season how young he is and how I just wouldn't trade him. Like I just, I just wouldn't be able to do it. Like to me he's a completely utterly untouchable. But is he too high? I don't think so. Okay, good. And I'm glad that it's That stretch. It's that stretch last year. I think he's another guy that you have to factor in who was available around him.


Orlando statistically so bad offensively. And it also speaks to losing Franz for that long on top of losing Paolo. Yeah. So I think there's a lot of people that could try to throw it and he's had some dud of games, you know, some of the shooting numbers since he's come back And that's, I don't, I wouldn't say he is a hundred percent I'm gonna, no, I'll worry about that in March. What I love about him is that I know he can fill it up but he also wants everybody to be involved. And that's why I loved him at Duke. It's why I've always argued for him is that you know, the difference between like Jalen Green can't see the way Paolo sees the game game. And that's why I'm Apollo fan. Would you have him above or below Anthony Edwards who I have at number seven?


I'd have him behind him. Me too. Well Anthony Edwards is our number seven taking some shit this year. Little bit of a backlash season. You knew it was coming. Knew it was knew the backlash season was happening. I I was It was gonna start On Olympics. A FanDuel. Yeah. Yeah. But it was gonna happen in the Olympics like leading up to it after his run through the playoffs, he was like, I'm the number one option. It's like, or Yeah. Or you're gonna be watching Part of the process. How do you handle adversity? How do you handle annoying media? Questions about adversity, how do you handle tough losses? We're fine. Tatum number six. Giannis number five.


Giannis is better. Stop. Sorry. You're gonna think that you're gonna, you're gonna be so happy right now. Giannis is better than Tatum. Tatum is the better value. Okay. Make the case. Tatum plays all the time. They're about the same age, right? No Tatum's. What'd he turn? 20. 20. Tatum's. 26. So Giannis is two years older than him. No, Giannis turned 30 in December. Tatum. Oh shit. Giannis is 30. Yeah. Tatum turns Factor March.


So when you sent that, I was, I was thinking I think you're right. Maybe you were doing that on purpose because people were gonna give you shit for the tatu part of it. No, I didn't think that at all. I thought Giannis was 28. There has not been even the Great ones make mistakes. There's not been a day where I thought Tatum was better than Giannis. Although this year, no, You're getting four extra years And I'll tell you like Tatum this year, man, I think he's incredible. Couldn't Agree. I know the numbers may not scream it at you if you're not paying attention, but to see what he is doing to some of these defenses and what they're trying to do to him. Mm. And like Houston last night, the entire thing was blitz him double him and he was still turning the corner on some of these traps and it wasn't like he was scoring every single time.


But there's an, there's, there's not something like that that just goes, oh wow, look at this jump, look at the shooting number, look at the scoring. 'cause the shooting for the team is down, which is another part of the Celtics thing. This is the best tatum's ever played. I've never, you know, much like I was talking about with Jared Jackson, like this is the best I've ever felt about Tatum. And the fact the age thing here is I think he actually be super heading on Two things. Responsibility, it's among the toughest in the league. What he does every night, durability. It's surprisingly he doesn't play. And when you saw And I had saw those back to back LA games in person, I both teams' strategy was just beat the shit out of Tatum.


Make him work, don't let him get to his, if he's gonna get to his spot, make him have to shove his way there. Always have a guy behind him, always chip him. Like he's almost treated like the Pat's treated Marshall Falk in that Super Bowl. The everybody's, every smart team's game plan is push him, nudge him, shove him, just make it hard for him for four quarters. Or like Ben coats in the end zone Ben or my guy Ben Coates getting tackled by four dolphins at the same time but he just keeps coming back and that if there's a one disappointing thing with me with him, it's just like when you play like the Clippers backups, that's the kind of game this year where SGA is like, ah, I'm gonna F 55, don't worry everybody can take the night off and Tatum's missing that one kind of up lookout, I'm scorched earth tonight.


But that's it. That if you're gonna nitpick, that's really the only nitpick where it's like, ah, tonight's tonight where Tatum just scores 47 and we kill whoever we're playing. He's just not that kind of player. But I think it's okay. He gets everybody involved and this is the best he's ever played. We agree. I can't put him ahead of Luka don at four. No that's fine. Although there's an availability thing going on there where it's not, That's why he dropped like Luca's never been number one in the rankings and it, it probably might not ever happen because of the durability thing with him. Whereas like Shaa is number three. I have Yoic two and then for the first time a knew number one, we've only had I think 10, 11, 12 number ones ever.


Victor, Richard, Richard Miama Richard. Oh Yeah, not Richard Makes that makes Weby number one. I think he has to be as great Yoko just having one of the great offensive seasons in the history of the league and is the best teammate since Spurd of Magic and Curry. And if you wanna win a title, he'd be the first pick. But I don't know from a standpoint the Spurs aren't even, they're not, you're, you're saying the word, Hey would you ever trade Vic in they're hanging up, you're just getting the V and the I out. It's a hangup. So he's number one. They were like, no, we were calling about a three way with Retchy. You're like, what? Oh they cut you back.


So are you good with that? Yeah. Okay. I, I don't know where this Yoki thing is gonna end up all time because like this, this stretch is like so ridiculous And that's why when we were in Denver And I, I meant this like I hope he gets another one so that the simpletons are allowed to accept him into a higher tier. And I know that sounds like shitty for me to say it but I just get so tired of like when I look at how people rank stuff, they'd be like, do you really want to be this simple? You just wanna count stuff. Yeah. Like that's all it ever is to you is that this guy was good because of this and this guy was bad because of that.


Then what's the point of watching any of this stuff happened a lot with college football. I thought this year too And I really hope like Yoic gets the one that allows him to be talked about in the way that he deserves to be talked about because of what this stretch is. Would you put the finals MVP above or below resurrecting Westbrook's career as the greatest feat of his career if you had to rank them one, two, Westbrook Westbrook, I was thinking about this the other day And I don't know if this is gonna work, but like Westbrook's your buddy from home that just, you know, has it dialed in and everybody knows the routine. You know the girls probably maybe liked him when he was in high school or whatever, but then if you bring him to like LA and you've been living in LA for a few years and you're just gonna be like, hey look dude, just so you know, like it's a little harder out here.


Yeah, yeah. And they're gonna be competing with like different dudes and like it's up to you to accept the fact that like you're not gonna get into some places and people are gonna big time you and that if you recognize a guy from a TV show and you tell 'em that you're a big fan, he's not gonna talk to you and he's gonna walk away and like they're just gonna smell the non LA on you. Yeah. And you'll have to adjust and some people leave and never come back 'cause they hated their experience And I think Westbrook showed up to Denver being like, I do get it. Like I do my hometown stuff might not work. I find Westbrook in this run funny because he can be almost too deferential where he'll like wanna get it back to Yoic in a spot where it's not even like a great catch for Yoic because Westbrook doesn't wanna do all the things that he's been criticized or doing in the past.


Now I still think there's a version of this with the spacing with Gordon and Westbrook to close like a playoff game. Like yeah I'm allowing like is that actually going to happen? But they needed him. They needed, he was cheap, he was and he's giving them like value minutes. He gives them durability minutes and stats. They needed all three but They need, right. I think Danny Chad wrote a great piece for The Ringer about this last week. It's the most unlikely connection of any two players we've had in a while. And for me, like you know, know as as an obvious giant Yoic fan, this is like the stuff that made Bird and Magic so special. They could resuscitate guys like Magic did this with Bob McAdoo, you know Bird did this with Walton in 86 and even like bit players like Seing and whoever, Gerald Jerry.


Yeah. But the fact that Yoic took Westbrook who not only was not an asset but this might've been the only team in the league that would've signed him and somebody were like, oh my god, how's this gonna work? Holy shit. And then turns him and they have this like real ESP thing now and Yoic loves him. I think that's, I think that's such like a feather in his cap just historically that he can, he can basically play with any player in the league and make them better. Which is like the highest level of basketball you can reach. Westbrook's really appreciated though he is appreciated more by players than he is by those of us that don't play. Because I think they look at what he did at his peak and there is a respect for him that we probably don't understand as much, but you also realize with Westbrook, like which version are we getting?


Because the LA thing with the Lakers was a disaster And I think he resented so much of the dynamic there, which I can even see his, his point of view on that He was disrespected, marginalized and not used correctly and then blamed for everything and thrown into every single trade rumor possible. So yeah, he wasn't a huge fan. True. But I mean it's not like he, it like his style of play was going to lead to, oh this doesn't work, right? Like once again the player's expected to be GMs or sometimes I'm like, do you not watch League Pass? Like how do you not understand like how this is gonna clog up some of the things that you'll want to do like, but It doesn't explain the Clippers thing last year how bad he was No.


In that playoff Series. No, because the Clippers when it seemed like his career was over, Right? The Dallas playoffs series when he decided to like prioritize just being like pissed off at everybody and taking himself out in like huge spots where you're like, what are you doing right now? He is a Pissed off maniac. Yeah, right. It's like you can do like you're getting us any buckets or anything. No. So now we can't even trust you to be out there. So you know, you would think that it'd be easy for somebody to go, Hey look, all you have to do with Yoki is just cut man, be be ready and cut. And when you think he doesn't see you, he actually still sees you. Yeah. So just cut and And then it turned out Westbrook was one of the better cutters in the league.


Like who knew been watching him since 2008 and and all of a sudden he's like this supernatural first step cut almost like a wide receiver coming off the line of scrimmage still. And you can find, I still every time Will worry though because there's times where you can see like in a game or if he has like an open look from three in the corner And I know the corner numbers are really good, right? But if he clanks it in a big spot like the next time he may get that catch in the same look you can see him just not want to. I've seen that happen. Yeah. So I don't know if there's numbers that will tell me that it's, it's true, not true, but I've seen him where it's just clear as day, okay, he doesn't wanna pull the trigger on this.


And I don't know if it's like, hey I just bricked the last one and this is a big spot. I don't know if it's him being deferential of like, hey let me get it back to Yoic. I wonder with the Yoic Murray two-man game in a playoff series, when you have Gordon where you have that spacing decision that Minnesota always messes with where it's like, hey, put Rudy on Gordon because that way Rudy can freelance off of him that gives Nas the yoic matchup that Kat did so well with last year. Can you put, can you run the two-man game if Gordon and Westbrook are both on the other side? And are you gonna start like dealing with some real spacing issues, Whatever. And well teams get used to it after two weeks of games where they're like, oh, all right, game four now I understand what they're doing. That's the only thing that when I watch it I go, you know, I wonder what that'll look like then.


But up until this point, it's been to your point for a team that we were like, where's the depth? Just his energy and even like a diminished version of Westbrook athletically when he starts going and he realizes he is gonna get the ball back because Yoic is just that good. Yeah. It motivates you to be, be like involved in all of this stuff. Like, hey, if I keep cutting, I get just all these easy baskets 'cause I'm still so much quicker, even though it's later in his career. I can't believe we just spent three minutes talking about Russell Westbrook, but it was totally worth it because it, it speaks to Yoic. Like the fact that I look at, look what we did today. I said Trey Young was too low.


I took Harden side and something I was incredibly, incredibly concerned about that Denver team. And now I think they're fine and they're, they'll be there in the end and we'll see if they can get a buyout guy or just one other piece. Maybe they can dump Zeke Najee and have some trade flexibility. Anyway, group A pal, number eight, Anthony Edwards, Giannis six, Tatum, five ic, SGA Yoic in our new number one Victor wma, who probably at some point this season is gonna have like a 40, 20, 12 block game with like seven assists. He's gonna, he'll have some box score that we've never seen before, but we've seen 30 yoki box scores I think I've never seen before this year.


All right. That was fun. This is gonna go up on The Ringer dot com later in the week, the official list. My Conciliary. Illa. Thank you so much for doing this. You have two more podcasts this week for you, right? Yeah, Wednesday and then a loaded football show on Friday. Loaded, Loaded, Loaded. Okay. Great to see you Illa. Thank you. Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Racc, thanks to Kyle and Gaal and Sir Rudy as always. I will be back with another podcast on Thursday. Don't forget you can watch this on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. You can watch the new re watchable as we did before Sunrise. That is on The Ringer Movies YouTube channel and I'll see you on Thursday.


Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem call 100 gambler, visit rg-help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts, or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or Text Hope NY in New York.


This episode is brought to you by hookah. I've gotta talk to you guys about the Bondi nine, the new daily trainer from a hookah. The Bondi nine delivers peak plushness for everyday miles overhauled from top to bottom. They've increased the stack height and added a new premium foam midsole to deliver that soft, resilient ride that's become synonymous with the Bondi. And look, I walk a lot. I walk all around LA. You need good shoes for that. These are perfect, everybody Bondi. Visit hooker.com. hk.com to learn more about the Bondi nine.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn In basketball, a blockbuster trade can make or break your playoff run before the deadline. GMs across the league scour for the right data and insights. Hope their moves pay off. February 6th trade deadline this year, by the way, just like in basketball, growing your small business in 2025 all comes down to how well you can build your team. That starts with better insights from LinkedIn with unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn has the strongest hiring data and insights to help you identify the right professionals so you can make the best hiring decisions. LinkedIn pairs you with the high quality candidates you need to make your business grow and flourish. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities who isn't? That's a big pool of people you don't wanna miss out on. And who knows, one of them could be your next all-star player. So hire smarter in the new year. Find your next grade. Hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. Once again, LinkedIn dot com slash Simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.