
Coming up a lot of football and a little basketball as well. It's all next.


This episode of The Bill Simmons Podcast is brought to you by RayBan Meta Smart Glasses built with meta ai. RayBan meta smart glasses react to what you see so you can learn more about the world around you. you can also take hands free photos, videos, send messages, make video calls, even play music and podcasts straight from your glasses with Ray Band Meta.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. While you're watching your team win or lose, get home security off of your holiday shopping list because SimpliSafe is already having a Black Friday sale. How is that possible? It's an easy way to protect your home and loved ones, their active guard. Outdoor protection is one of the reasons why I love using SimpliSafe. It prevents crime before it even happens. Agents can see potential intruders in real time. Talk to them, set off your spotlights and call police. And with SimpliSafe, there's no long-term contracts. No cancellation fees, and it's around $1 a day. This week only you can take 60% off any new system with a select professional monitoring plan. Head to SimpliSafe dot com slash bs to claim your discount and make sure your home is safe this season. Again, that's SimpliSafe for two s SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer, Podcast Network. Put up a new re watchable on Monday. We did Body Double and you can watch it on The Ringer movies YouTube channel. you can watch all the videos and clips from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. And if you like our bets that we do on million dollar picks here, which has been doing pretty well lately on The Ringer Sunday pregame show on YouTube tv, all of Sal's podcast stuff. The Ringer Gambling show. We are now putting all of that stuff. Our favorite ones on our own ringer section, which is within FanDuel's NFL section. We have a page or a little little tab that you click called The Ringer Specials. And we launched it last week. It went great. And that's where Million dollar picks a whole bunch of other stuff we're going.


So if you need ideas for parlays, features, teasers, whatever, go check that out 'cause we're doing it every weekend from now on. Coming up on this podcast. Danny Heitz joined Joe House and I talked about The State of Fantasy Football through nine weeks. Who are the winners? Who are the losers? What did we learn? Did we learn any big picture lessons for future seasons? And then who should you pick up? Who should try to trade for? We just deep dove fantasy 'cause why not? And then we talked about the giants, we talked about who Bill Belichick is gonna coach next, how stuck around we did million dollar picks. And then last but not least, we did some basketball because I think we're gonna start doing that after a million dollar picks. Just a little, little, little nightcap, NBA section.


There were a lot of good games last night and a lot to talk about. I also wanted to run my ringer 100 by top 25 past house. 'cause we, I'm over the right still sorting my thoughts from, you know, let's bring a pro jam.


All right, we are taping this On Thursday afternoon. Joe House is here as he always is for million dollar picks and Dating Heitz is here from The Ringer Fantasy Football show in The Ringer dot com. A great website also in, in a big, big New York fan. Interesting month for New York. Have you recovered? Yeah, it's great. I mean, it, it, it started well when the, the WNBA title was handed by the referees to the Liberty. So that was really cool. And frankly ever since then there's been a lot of karmic retribution on every front. So it's been strange after that. But it was at least we got a hand, a title handed that was kind of cool House. Where's our karmic retribution for links? Five to one. Still waiting. I think Josiah has it.


Has it? Jeff? Yeah, Josiah has it. We're gonna talk fantasy because at the sweet spot of the fantasy season, we have nine weeks in the book. We have some winners and some losers and some disappointments and some surprises. And then more importantly we have the stretch run coming house and I are in a keeper league together. How's, how's your team doing? Terrible. I have a one among the worst receivers in the league and you can't win if you have bad receivers. Oh well I can't wait to talk about 'em. My team's doing great in that league and terrible in the other league. But Heifetz Lamar, not only the MVP for fantasy, but every year there's a theory just pick an offense and grab all the best guys from it.


When you're doing all your shows with Danny and Craig, did Baltimore ever come up as the team that would be the team to do that with? 'cause they have the number one qb, the number one running back and then flowers is in the top 10 receivers. But did anyone see that coming? Yeah, It did. So I mean I, you know, I live in DC you know, just like Hal and I went to Baltimore camp and I just remember coming back from OTAs the first time just seeing, you know, they're not wearing pads or anything, but just the first time I saw Lamar Jackson stick the ball at Derrick Henry's gut for like a read option even in on air, I was just like, this is, this looks iconic. It feels iconic. It's like a thunder lightning backfield at the same time. And I wish we had gone in on it even more because if, yeah, if you had just stack Lamar, Derrick Henry and and Zay Flowers, like you'd be cooking even you could have survived the Mark Andrews stuff.


The right, I mean the Ravens are are are amazing and yeah, every year there's an offense that you want that you can see coming and then there's offense you probably would not have seen coming that Maybe, you know, you could take a shot on and yeah, Baltimore is absolutely that team this year that you wish you had been, you know, got the lightning in a bottle. Lamar would, at least in, in normal leagues, Lamar 249.5 points. Now he hasn't had a week yet, but he's 23 above the next guy, baker Mayfield ironically. And then Daniels and Allen are the only two over 200. Henry is 35 points higher than any running back, which is Sequan Barkley Kumar's after him. But Henry's almost at 200 points. And then Zay Flowers' almost at a hundred Points house.


Is there a chance the Washington C words could be a team, you would want to have the guys from down the stretch here with McCluen and Daniels and whatever the hell you got going on, running back. I think just Daniels and McCluen, I think maybe some Zach Ertz sprinkle in a little ertz and then if you're really desperate, you know, depending on the size of your roster, there could be a flex spot. Frost Knuckler here and there, you know, he, he gets catches and and occasional runs. But I had him last week, he was good last week. He was, yeah, a little sneaky. Yeah, yeah well 'cause B Rob was out, so yeah, there have been the, you know, they've been swapping injuries the weeks that Eckler are out and if B Robb's healthy you get him going.


But that, that would be it. It's not an expansive list. No, it's not like Bob, I honestly I was hoping that Washington would get another receiver at the trade deadline, but it's okay. We're good. I like where we're at. Hi Fitz. There's out of the win your league guys, which you always talk about, which I think is a good way to look at it. I think Lamar became a win League guy and I think Derrick Henry did too, based on what you paid for them versus what they've actually produced. Saquon borderline, especially if he keeps coming the rest of the way. Who else, who else is a win your league guy this year? I mean, I mean, I mean Saquon absolutely because I mean think where you got em. I think, I think the big picture look at, at a fantasy this year, 'cause I, I don't dunno if it's a p player as much as a position, I I I think the defining story of fantasy for the first half of the season, all the wide receivers are hurt and all.


Yeah. And honestly all the running backs are healthy. The first two running backs off the board. Christian McCaffrey, obviously it's a catastrophe. Bri Hall, you know, we call him Fleece Hall. He is been disappointing the next like 16 running backs were pretty good picks outside of Travis etn. And then you look at receiver, IIII think that the, I mean we can go into receivers in a minute, but the short answer to your question is every receiver was almost except four were like bad picks this year and So it. It's really, I think it's less like if you hammered running backs in the middle out outside the first round, then you're probably in a pretty good spot. Right? Well it's funny that the running backs are doing that much better than like even the best receiver, right? if you just look at Chase has 115 points, which is the highest right now, which is pretty low in general for receivers in Jefferson.


Second at one 10 nobody else has over a hundred. But then you go to running backs and like Henry Barkley, Kamara Gibbs, Kyron Williams, BIJ John's at 1 23. He's higher than any receiver. So I wonder, are we moving back to the model where you have to get the two running backs first and then you worry about the rest of the team after? I'm just trying to figure out what this season means. Big picture for a draft. 'cause it feels like we keep changing strategies. Quarterbacks don't matter now. It really matters if you have Lamar, it's better to lock down these number one receivers. Now that doesn't matter as much 'cause you need to get running backs. Where are we now? I th now I I think the receiver thinks a total one-off Fluke year and that next year everyone's gonna be like tick running backs and next year receivers will be a value.


'cause you j literally I just looked at the, the top 30 receivers. You just go through 'em like the ones that were in the order, they were drafted this year. Tyreek Hill, the tourist situation was awful. CD Lamb has has been great but he's hurt now. Amman St. Brown's been good but he hasn't been great. Justin Jefferson and Jamar Chase were fantastic after that. AJ Brown's been hurt. Garrett Wilson started slow. But's been good pku in his two months. Marvin Harrison Jr's had two good games. Deebo Samuel's been hurt and had pneumonia. Drake London is solid but just hurt his hip. Devonte Adams missed multiple games. Nico Collins son Injury Reserve Crystal LO's Career may be over like Brandon AI son. I are Mike Evans out multiple weeks. Cooper Cup missed the month. DK Metcalf's hurt. DJ Moore has 33 yards more than he hasn't once in six weeks. Jalen Waddles invisible. Stefon thinks to his acl.


L Michael Pittman has a back issue. He's got over 37 yards twice the whole year. nabs has not been the same since the concussion. Amarii Cooper at Deshaun Watson, Pickens has won touchdown. Teigan has a quad injury tank. Dell hasn't had 62 yards in a game till this week where she writes out for the season. Chris Godwin, after the season, who were you supposed to take? And I think that's the thing, it's just weird. Like a top 30 guys all before are bad or hurt. Yeah. My, my the league that I'm not in with house with Sal, the knockout league I built around Cooper Cup, DJ Moore and Garrett Wilson. Yeah, that was like 120 bucks. Right. And Garrett Wilson has a ton of targets every week and I, he's actually been a little bit better than maybe you'd think these last few weeks, but just, you know, cup got hurt and more has been a disaster house.


Do you have a strategy when you go into a fantasy league or is it just how many drinks can you have and stay coherent on the Zoom? What is it? It's both, it's both things. I didn't and get off a few dick jokes, you know, that that's always a a an obligation and a requirement. But I look, you know, the the receiver thing, I was bullish on Dalton Kincaid as a tight end who might get receiver like looks that hasn't come to pass. But my own receiver core, we, we just, you know, you hear him right out of Danny's mouth, Jalen Waddle, astic, Devonte Smith second fiddle makes a spectacular play once every three games. Great. Yeah, if DJ Moore, that DJ Moore, Caleb Williams was supposed to be a real thing. BS I paid, how much did I pay for him?


I don't even want to too much. Yeah, yeah. Was thirties and forties. 28 league 28 I paid for in our auction league. Yeah, just take that 28 and and stick it where the sun don't shine. That's all it height fits. It feels like more and more these waiver wire guys going above what you feel like you should be spending. Like I, I have in the, in the knockout league, which I'm probably gonna get, you know, I'm not gonna even make the playoffs, but I, I overspent on Hopkins 'cause I just liked the matchup with him in Mahomes. And I felt like, you know, if he's ever gonna succeed on a team and look like the Hopkins from four years ago, it's with Mahomes then, then you watch the Monday night game and now if you're redoing who you'd want on your fantasy team going forward, Hopkins would be this amazing guy.


But the point is he was on the fucking waiver wire 'cause he was on the Titan. So, you know, and Tampa had the same thing with like that Jalen McMillan was hot for a week. Now this week it's Sterling Shepherd who, what, what's that guy's name? That's who it is, right? Yeah. Sterling Shepherd. Yeah. Who had to play Thompson ACL Achilles out of the Giants and now he's playing for Tampa. It's crazy, right? So every week there's a receiver and it's like whoever kinda looks out with one of those guys or you know, whoever drafted Chubba Hubbard for a dollar. I, the big picture point to me is I I really continue to just hate fantasy with every fiber in in my body. And I really don't know why we do it to ourselves. It's really stupid and dumb. Huge waste of time.


And I, I think the answer is it's a, a chemical addiction. I have, I don't know about you guys, but I think that I Oh it's like, It's like, like vaping. Yeah. Basically if You know It's bad. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. I don't really want to be participating in it anymore, but I can't stop. But no, I, it's the whole thing's ridiculous. I think that honestly going into a season, I think it's important to just figure out there's like four lessons to take or maybe really there's two lessons to take and four lessons people think they should take. And I think half the key is like for example, come, you know, going into the next season people are gonna be like, oh well the receivers were bad take running backs. And it's like, yeah, they all got hurt with hamstring injuries. It was kind of weird, right? Don't hurt Zack too hard. Everybody Practice hard. Exactly. Yeah. Don't zag too hard. Similarly with the waiver thing, everyone had Kyron Williams and pku, the biggest waiver additions to the whole year were made in week one.


So everyone this year was like Isaiah likely. And it's like, well actually some years it's a lot more like two years ago Derek McKinnon from December 1st on, in 2022 had like led the league in receiving touchdowns and like every now and then there's two or three waiver guys who shift the whole season. But you don't, but everyone just thinks about last season and has amnesia about anything before that So it just like paying attention to what's happening right now. It's honestly half the thing. Let, let me recommend this. I I I'm, I'm in a fantasy league that, that, that is literally called the no one gives a shit league and we, every single person in the league sets up auto draft. The, the draft takes two and a half minutes. Nobody does one thing. All we do is get the thing set up.


There's 10 teams. I don't know how big the roster is, you know why? 'cause I don't give a shit. But it does give you the opportunity against those, those nine buddies to do the waiver wire. And you know, we have like a standard waiver wire thing and really it's just an opportunity as I go week to week, it's like this guy, oh, I love this guy. I haven't seen him in a while. Let me send him a funny note right now. Oh this guy f this guy, I'm gonna stick it to him. Let me try and, you know, get in the wave of wire and and steal the great defense this week. But really that's that to me that would be my recommendation. If, if you, if you insist on playing fantasy, that is, that's one way to approach it. Craig Beck's greatest take of all time, you know, shameless plug here for The Ringer fantasy football show.


Craig's best take ever is that prepping for fantasy football is a huge waste of time. It's almost like William Goldman's. Nobody knows anything about Hollywood. It's, it's probably true. Yeah, exactly. Well we see it every year because there's like, I'm in a draft with Brad, who by the way beat me last week. Crazy Brad in the sow draft who took nine running backs out of 18 players in the draft. And by the way, that's a great strategy. I don't think it's traded any of them yet. And now everybody's trying to trade for his running backs. He looks like a genius. But as he was doing it, we thought he was completely insane. 'cause he is insane. But I, I actually think, I swear to God, I actually think that that might be the best strategy in fantasy. You know why? Because when people do all these like advanced statistic modeling and everything you could do with fantasy football, I actually think what people forget to include is the value of trades.


And if you like, I think what people forget is that, oh, in theory, you know, receivers are worth this and quarterbacks are worth this. Running backs are worth this. But three, or let's say four weeks into the season when there are injuries and you start to get by weeks, everyone in the world is like, I'll give you a receiver for a running back. Right? And no one wants to trade a running back for a receiver three weeks of the season. You take a little risk that someone gets hurt in week one or two or you know, you take a risk that you have a Zamir white who just immediately sucks. But for the most part, if you make it three weeks, you can flip David Montgomery for, or Joe Mixon for someone who has drafted 30 spots higher if you wait three weeks, which, if you look at it by the principles of any other form of real investing is like incredible. And you really probably should just take 10 running backs and then just keep four and flip the other four and no two will get hurt.


See I was ahead of my time back when quarterbacks, it was harder to find 10 of 'em when I was just drafting up quarterbacks and you guys made fun of me for that. But there was one year where I had like five quarterbacks and it was like, guess what? Anyone gets hurt, the road goes through me. But now it's like there's, you can freaking pick up Bo Nicks for a dollar and all of a sudden he's starting feels like there's 25 quarterbacks. Yeah, Drake may, Drake may ran for 95 yards last week. Yeah. Drake may like maybe borderline starter. All right, so biggest disappointments this year, and I'm gonna rule out injury guys, I don't think it's fair to be like, I'm so disappointed in Nico Collins that he got hurt. These have to be like Dak was disappointing before he got hurt, right?


Yeah. It's disappointing. if you like what I did in, in my league with Sal, I I thought Nick Chubb was coming back sooner and it was gonna be healthier. So I'm like, I'm gonna lock down this Nick Chubb Jerome Ford combo and then it turns out, hey Nick Chubb lost every ligament in his knee. Maybe it was gonna take a little longer for him. I can't get mad at him for that. But you start looking at like Brie Hall who was the number one pick in the draft, right? And maybe that wasn't his fault. Maybe it's like how house's team took Alex Sarr with the number two pick in the NBA draft. Oh you is it are you defend Alex Sarr Now why are we fighting firing shots? I mean, you know, I'm not firing shots. It's like the, the draft wasn't that good and it's like we take Alex Sarr was, was you had to pick somebody.


The fantasy draft was good and and Brie Hall wasn't supposed to be just anybody. It was supposed to be a top five offense with the, this incredible offensive line and the 40-year-old, you know, lightness and Darkness Drug exp Experimenter was supposed to lead them to the promised Land. Don't play the drugs So. it was, it was Bijan. It was Bries Hall. Who's the third Briese? So I mean Mc, well, McCaffrey and I, McCaffery was supposed to be first and I'm, and We got her before the year. But To your point, you know, I, I actually, I pat ourselves in the back, I think Ringer fancy football, you know, our rankings. I think we were one of the only sites to really move McCaffrey down off the first pick. We moved him to 12th and then back to fifth. But we moved him out first, which I would pat ourselves in the back, but then we moved Hall to first, which meant he was like one of the worst picks.


You could not one of the worst, but I would say honestly the most disappointing running back relative to where you take them. I'm putting the cre to the side, although I'm Curious, but if you had, if you had said, you know what, we have Derrick Henry first and Saquon Barkley second, people would've thought you were on drugs with Rogers. We, we joke all the time. I'm, I'm curious, I'm curious what you think else. We joke all the time that we, we we make tattoo, we want to tattoo things in our body like that movie Memento where we forget at the end of the season and then we get to July and like I, we literally had a tattoo. I at the top of my notes for 2024, I had don't rank Brie Oliver, Kyron Williams, we did it anyway. And I feel like our rankings at the end of last season, if you had told us Derrick Henry go to Baltimore and sa go to Philly house, wouldn't you? Well you should have just ranked them one too. I'm like, I don't even know how we ourselves outta this. Yes, Yes. I mean that's right because both of those situations were incredible situations.


They were all upside situations for, for both players and, and let's you know, again gave credit where credit's due. The incredibly handsome Craig Beck, Bill Simmons and I in August were together. Craig came on, gave us his top five. Derek Henry was his number one under the radar fantasy selection. Yeah. So some you guys were on it. I mean America should have been on it. All of the, the models should have been on it. Those two guys have been the best and look at the numbers there they are. Well maybe Derrick, Derrick Henry should just be treated like LeBron at this point where it's just like, just assume he is gonna keep doing this until he gets hurt. You're better off betting on it happening versus it not happening. But if we're talking real disappointments, we're talking about where you can get mad at somebody as we do in fantasy, even though it's all fake and it's not these guys' faults that we drafted them.


If you were all in on Anthony Richardson, which I think people really spent on him, right? And they're like, I don't care if he's accurate, he's gonna run the ball. He's Cam Newton and that's a disaster. Now you, you can audible at the quarterback position, you can audible if you're spending 28 to $40 on DJ Moore. So I think he has to be up there if you're talking about first team all NBA fantasy football disappointments and then Travis et tn is another one because he was somewhere in the seven to 11 range for running backs. Maybe 12, I don't know. But he was like in that second tier, he killed me in one of my leagues.


He hasn't been good any week and he's always got the red flag with him. You never know what's going on. He's on a shit team tank. Bigsby kind of took his, took a lot of his plays and his minutes and that one is just like a sunk cost, right? I think ETN quietly might be the answer here. Which he's not nearly as famous as or as interesting frankly as Anthony Richardson. But you're right. Like you know what, if you have Richardson it sucked. You're probably angriest at Anthony Richardson but you can add Bo Nicks ETN has I I actually think et n's the single most frustrating player fantasy maybe entire season because you probably took them in the second round. You might've taken 'em either before or just probably right? Like if you, you know that there has to be like we need a value over replacement, we need like anger over replacement. Like you look back At your draft like fantasy over Yeah, Yeah because you look back at the draft recap and you're like, oh it went Derek Henry Saquon, Kyron Williams and then I got Travis et TN like that's the worst thing you can look back at and see.


He's better when he is out because then you play someone else, when you play Travis etn it gets two and a half points. It's the worst possible thing. It's A farp. It's the fantasy anger, replacement level. Yeah, exactly. So it. Good. So et TN had the highest spark. Oh yeah. I think Devonte Adams has to be on there too. There's still a chance for him to salvage it but I was surprised that he was going where he was going. One of the things I've noticed with fantasy and especially 'cause I've been doing it since 1990 House is probably somewhere in the mid nineties, but we always discount the awesome receiver who's got shit quarterbacks. Yeah. And it's like, well nah, it'll be fine. It's Devonta Adams and it's like, it actually won't be fine.


He's got Ed O'Connell and Gardner Minchi throwing the ball, guess what? It's not gonna be fine. And then you watch that quarterback show and he is bitching about Garoppolo the whole time and it's like he is probably not gonna handle this well either. So I was, that was one of the ones where I was amazed people were talking to him. I think Deebo and I know he got hurt, but I also feel like that's a buyer beware when you're spending money on Deebo. 'cause he gets hurt every year. And the position that him, to me, him and Puka are, if you take those guys and you watch them play football, those guys are in car collisions 10 times a game. Whether they're blocking or going over the middle. I don't want any part of that stuff. So I don't, I don't feel bad for that. Here's the other one I have for you. La Porta.


Oh yeah. Porter's being treated like Kelsey. Right. What happened? We, we joke on our show that there are certain players that are like, did you know that there's a fourth Jonas brother? There's actually four. Is There really? And yeah I know, right? I didn't know this either. Craig told me and we joke that there are certain players every year that are like the fourth Jonas brother. Like you look at the Detroit Lions and everyone on that team's incredible golf has, I mean they have more touchdowns than golf and completions in the last six weeks. You have Jamir Gibbs and David Montgomery are crushing a St. Brown James Williams when he is not suspended is incredible. And then, oh yeah, I forgot Sam Laporta is on that team and it's like you watch the Lions game, they put up 49 points. You're like, LA Porter must have done something. No, he's blocking. It's brutal.


It really upsets me. I was a believer in the Kelsey theme, but we, the Kelsey's another one in that Derrick Henry LeBron conversation where we always look for guys to take over. Kelsey new up and Commerce did it with Kyle Pits for a couple years and you know, LA Porta, super disappointing Kin K's on there. Waddle and Tyreek I think both have to be on there. I but you can't play them with the Twoit thing. I think it's wa Dude Waddle hasn't had 50 yards since week one. Waddle. You watch the Dolphins and you forget he's on the team for like two hours and then they'll throw him like a bubble screen. You'd be like, oh my God it's Jaylen Waddle. I forgot he was on the Dolphins Mahomes. Now he's the best player in the league and they're undefeated.


Well he is one of the best players in the league 'cause there's a real lamarque but I, it felt like his fantasy value started to bleed over with his real life value in a way that didn't really make sense. 'cause he is running less and less every year. And did you notice though, 'cause in all my drafts he was more expensive than he probably should have been. Is there something to that? I think that Mahomes is so famous that yeah, it it, it, it affected. I mean just to give you an idea, Mahome, I got this from Ian Harden's of Fantasy Life. Patrick Mahomes and CJ Stroud have fewer top 12 finishes this year. Weekly Mahomes and Stroud fewer top 12 weekly combined than Daniel Jones. Oh my God.


So That's some magic Mahomes Killed Stroud are doing Well Ma, if you took Mahomes, that's on you because all you had to do was watch football last season. Like you, you know, there it's a different, it's a different offense, a different se a system, a different set of weapons. Like, you know, if you took Mahomes and paid for it, you get what you deserved. Well and then the other, the other disappointment was if you back Caleb over Daniels, right? Yeah. If you're like, I I believe in a rookie QB Caleb with weapons, all these weapons and you just kind of overlook all the Daniel Spz, which house did not overlook and you heitz you probably noticed too 'cause that's where live, but there was real breadcrumbs with Daniels the whole preseason.


And yet there it was, he was six to one for our friends of rookie of the year. He was like a one or $2 guy in fantasy drafts. Everybody kind of overlooked it. And I think the other thing with fantasy, I think sometimes I think the simplest way to explain why we forget the lessons we, we thought we learned is that it's, we it's kinda like basketball. You look back at a, at a a game and you see a score. But actually that, you know, especially I feel like now it's a game of runs, right? Yeah. Like someone was up 18 and then it gets erased and then someone's up to one and it's like, oh that and it's like fantasy. It's like, I dunno, the guy I keep thinking of is like Deandre Swift who looked like he should get benched for the first three or four weeks of the season. Yeah. And then in September and then in October, Deandre Swift's like a top eight running back in fantasy.


And it's all kind of like that. And you look at back and you look back and you remember it a certain way. But the reality is, Deandre Hopkins is someone, like you were saying, who was released by a lot of people. And you know what, going forward with Kansas City, he's the first player who's actually an A or an a plus at catching the football Patrick Moments has ever played with Yeah. At any levels entire career. And you're like, he could be a top five receiver going forward purely because he could catch the ball from Mahome. And so I, but we don't think of it that way when we look back, you know what I mean? We, we, we see the whole thing. We remembered a certain way What's took a quick break and then I wanna get guys you're looking at the rest of the way.


What's better than touchdowns? Touchdowns With a boost with FanDuel, you can make your next touchdown be an even bigger one with a 30% Gronk profit spike. That means you can get an even bigger payout on your next anytime touchdown bet. So when they get in the end zone, you'll win big. Like take Deandre Hopkins plus 180 this weekend. He is Mahomes new favorite toy. Just visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one sports book. FanDuel official partner of the NFL must be 21 plus in president select states are 18 plus and president in DC Opt-in required max wager amount applies bonus issued as non drawable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply including token expiration C terms for both offers at sportsbook FanDuel dot com. Gam prom called 100 Gamble. Visit rg-help.com.


This episode is brought to you by Better Help. I don't know about you, but I am ready for all the spooks and scares this year. I'm a ghost guy. I believe in ghosts. I've talked about it on the podcast many times. If you've had an experience interacting with one of them, you understand what I mean? But that's the fun of Halloween. you can have fun with what scares you. you can embrace the ghost. Unfortunately you can't do that all the time or even with all your fears. So what do you do with something that is holding you back or something that you're afraid to confront? The answer is simpler than you think it's therapy. Therapy can help in so many different ways, like teaching you positive coping skills, coping how to set boundaries, how to be your best self. And if you think therapy could be a good option for you, try out better help. Everything is entirely online so it's convenient and flexible. It can easily fit into your schedule. And if things aren't working out with your therapist, you can switch to a new one for no additional charge. So go conquer your fears. Visit better help.com/ Bill Simmons today to get 10% off your first month. That is better help hlp.com/ Bill Simmons.


All right. Hi Fitz. We got like four weeks left until the playoffs are there. Waiver wire, deep stealth waiver wire guys you like. Are there guys we should be trading for that? Hopefully other people in your league aren't listening to this podcast. Are there, is there anybody arrow pointing up that you're just staring at right now? Yeah, I mean if you wanted to trade candidates, I think it's Devon h Chan, the running back for the Dolphins. It's a little tough because you're gonna have to pay a lot more than you would've three weeks ago because two is back and he had a good week last week. But the thing is, I don't know if you could give up too much because I think eight Chan's probably the best bet along with Derrick Henry would be the number one running back in fantasy the rest of the way. The veal chop and I basically, it's never too late. You know, may put it change your order of the veal chop just, just to do it. You know, it's a little awkward to call over the waiter but just go get the veal chop, You know, house didn't like that veal chop analogy.


'cause house always likes the be chop. Yeah, well wait, I, I misunderstood. I thought you were saying it was a good thing. Be chop. Well I'm saying the VE chop, it's a, it's an order where half the time you love it and then half the time they didn't cook it perfectly and you're mad. You spent $89 on it. Oh well then you're ordering it from the wrong place. Never never risk it. Well that was David Chang's argument. Yeah. Never risk ave chop. Never risk a, you never go in and play veal chop roulette. No. You must know that it's magnificent and then you go have it and it's magnificent. But then How do you know if it's magnificent? So you get the field chop, you Plunge let you, let you let the fools before you go. And what if I'm just at a steakhouse in Chicago that I've never been to and they had the field chop, what do I do? Get a steak? Unless, unless you walk in they say it's the famous veal chop.


But that's exactly what we did. We let someone else get eight chan, they're the fool. And then they had the whole thing, which deal when two was hurt. Now right now you trade farm in week 10. Yeah. House is incredibly excited. This is not an ad for the deep fried Turkey sandwich by Arby's. Oh my god, yes. In time for Thanksgiving there's an ad I sent house a picture. You, you haven't had it yet though. The nearest Arby's to me is like 40 minutes away. You think that I haven't budgeted time in my schedule for later this evening to go out to that Arby's and Exce. But I have, yes I have I we to go keep fried Turkey sandwich sounds delicious. Where it's, it's November. It's all Thanksgiving food all the time. I made corn brunch stuffing over the weekend just to get it going. Just to get the gooses, the juices and gooses flowing, both of them.


Can I get the cornbread stuffing recipe? Yeah. Send that to him. Send him after the pod. What, who else do you have? If it's Han, who else, If you need to trade target Jameson Williams for the lines as someone who people might be frustrated them because he was suspended. But I mean man the lines off and just get a piece of that. And then if you want waiver ads, this isn't the most sexy advice, but I would say again, every year there's five players that just triple your odds of winning the championship. And then three are drafted and two are added on waivers. And this year it was like Derrick, Henry Lamar, Jim Daniels, they didn't get hurt. Chris Godwin rash, she writes. But then waivers this year, I don't think it's happened yet. I don't think those players may maybe Kate Oten for the bucks with that guy. But going forward the, the guys, if Kyron Williams for the Rams gets hurt, Blake Corrum is the guy that I think, you know, could just be the top five running back for the month of December.


And like it, it only if Kyron Williams gets hurt. And then similarly brail and Allen Fabrice Hall, where I actually think brail and Allen has become a better fit in this specific Rogers offense. That's not fun to sit here and be like, oh you're trying to arbitrage an injury. It sucks. But that kind of is how things get decided all the time in fantasy. So those are the highest upside players. And also weirdly Xavier Legett, the Panthers Carolina receiver with the greatest accent of all time. I also just feel like he's gonna get a ton of garbage time targets over the last two months of the season. You know, there's the, there's been some quarterback injuries, like Lawrence is out, right? Bryce Young is playing, which almost counts as a quarterback injury. But one guy that I thought had a chance to really come on. But now that Lawrence is health and it's, I don't think it's gonna happen with Mac Jones', Brian Thomas Jr.


Who's been surprisingly good from a fantasy type, but I also feel like there's been times when he's been open that Lawrence is him or there's been a pi, but I, I was kind of looking at him, I have him on a team too. But for him to like make a jump, I was trying to figure out every year right around now a rookie receiver makes a giant jump. Right? So Tim hundred percent could be legette, it could be what's his face? I don't think it's gonna be R Dunay. Well he, well I think Roman dunay it could be because he's the guy that every, if you've had Romo doze this long, like you're fed up with him. So he is cheap. But lad McConkey. But to your point, you're totally right. It's always like rookie receivers. It's the opposite of rookie wall. They get better as the season goes on over and over.


Yeah, any rookie receiver frankly is a good bet. Ryan Thomas is a good one too. 'cause he's been good but now he's banged up and Trevor Lawrence has banged up. So if you're gonna make the Playoffs to stay Away, yeah, maybe Lawrence comes back in December though Maybe, you can, you know, maybe I'm staring at Xavier worthy as a possibility too. 'cause it feels like he's open three times a game. But it's, it's too risky. House likes him. I like it because that's what Hopkins delivers to that offense right now that, that Patrick has his possession guy, the guy. He knows that if he puts it within a five yard radius, the dude's gonna get it. Yeah. Now you can try and spring those big plays and we'll get worthy for those, those explosive touchdowns. Speaking of explosive touchdowns, I wanna to ask about my guy Amari da de marcado.


Dedo. Yeah. Carles. Wow. You really, what, 80 years old. Try and up the, say his name, look up the name and you try and say it, you son of a bitch, you're like, you can talk, you of all people look up to the, and you try and say it House. Do you know that's actually how I got hired here is I'm the only person in the world worse at pronouncing names than Bill. Yeah. Heitz is really abominable. I always one guy on, on staff that's worse than I am. I didn't even Submit a resume. I submitted a resume. He Is the sup, super mecado. That's what I'm gonna call him because he busted that run at the end of the first half that really sucked all the life out of the bears. And every week I look on and James Cook has something next to his name, Connor Cook. I did it again.


James Connor always, there's always something red next to that dude's name. Well, last year was James Cook, who in the second half of the year went nuts. And then I watched that Ray Davis and Ray Davis was another one before we wrap up fantasy. So I told you I was in this guillotine league and I, I sent to Danny's and, and Craig the lineup, but I'm still alive heading into week 10. This is by far the best football league I've been in. It really gets fun when the players get weeded out, when everybody starts running outta auction money when there's big ass players on the table, but nobody has money left. Everybody has a good team now. So you really have to put time and care into who, who you're starting as.


Like your two receivers, you're two running backs, you're two flex. We've had Lamar. So it's been like, yeah, you know, we've, we've been kind of cruising, but Lamar has the bye week Coming up. So you're looking ahead. We both of our starting running backs starting on week 12. So you're looking ahead trying to patch together. But I do wonder is this just the future of fantasy and it ties into where our society is now, where we need everything to be decided fast. And we don't, we don't wanna, you know, you watch a show and it's like, I didn't, I watched one episode that Hulu show. I didn't like it. Oh, I tried disclaimer, I'm out. Maybe this is just how fantasy should be like in the league I'm in with house, I think I'm eight in one and I, and I'm like, oh whatever.


I'm gonna make the playoffs. Like I don't really care this guillotine league. I'm like, oh my God, what do we do? We have $39 left. Is this just worth, things are going Heifetz. Yeah, it's you kids these days just need enough dopamine, you know what I mean? You never get enough. But it's, It's a dopamine league. Yeah, Exactly. Yeah. I mean maybe that's why, you know, you're never winning these leagues Bill. You're eight and one and you're just not fine tuning, you know, you're moving on like that's not good enough. Yeah. Like you gotta calibrate this cruise control, right? I think No, I think you're right though, because you know what the real answer is? I think that everyone ev you know, ev you have one fantasy league, it's great Maybe. you have two fantasy leagues and that's awesome. I'm, I do this for my job and I actually find three or four plus and it's hard to like care and manage for everything. Four is my number and it's my job where I'm like, oh, I I would say that it should be the future of work fantasy leagues because if you have an office league, no one's office league is like their number one fantasy league.


Yeah, good point. And so the people who are gonna check out your coworkers checking out guillotine is a perfect office fantasy football league because it's never gonna be your primary. But that way you can check out once you're out. But when you're in it, it's still pretty fun House. I think it solves the basketball fantasy problem that we've had. We house and I just left another basketball league. We were in, we we've been in a bunch of different NBA leagues really since the nineties and we've never really been happy with any of them. No, because you have situations like, well you have this week where there's already five guys out and it's like, oh, I started Tyrese Maxine and he got hurt on a Monday and now I'm screwed. And, and I wonder if NBA guillotine is is like a, like a way to do this. Mm. The problem with fantasy basketball.


Yeah, that's good. Because like, you can't be streaming power forwards on Thursdays and like, that's how you win a fantasy basketball league. Like that's just ridiculous. But that's not a bad idea, especially In the rest management era. I don't even know how you, like nobody plays. Basically you have to take Tatum or some of these dudes that are gonna play 70, 75 games a year. Yeah. Re respectfully. I'm never playing NBA fantasy again. Not not season long. You're done. I mean, me, it's, it's preposterous. You can't put guys in your lineup and then find out two days later that he, he tugged the hamstring or whatever. They're gonna sit him for three games. I mean, not even real injuries, you know, I just, I'm out. But I think what you are describing as the potential go forward for fantasy football is kind of brilliant.


It's, it's, to me it's one or the other. It's either the, no one gives a shit where everybody auto drafts and it's super fun and we just, you know, you only pay attention to waiver wire stuff. Try and build a team through the wire or it's guillotine. We're literally, you chop the head off. I love it so much. I wish the league that we're in together BS the Largemont league that my head was already chopped off because I'm just out. I'm trying, I think my best, I want integrity. Right? You could just be out. I'm giving never about it again. I'd prefer to be out. I don't wanna watch DJ more anymore. I'm done with them. That, that's, I forgot to mention that part. Hetz, the guillotine league. It's brutal when you get knocked out, right? Everybody says goodbye. It's basically like the bachelor, you're out.


I'm sorry, please say goodbye. Great British Bake off, you hug everyone and you, you get walked out to the limo. But then you don't have to ever think about the league again. The league I'm in with the so and those guys, I'm two and seven, I still feel like I have to make moves. I have two running. So $5 a move. I'm mad, I'm spending $10 so I can try to go three and seven. I'm like, I just went outta this. Right? Please get mad. And then if I don't make moves, I'm an asshole. Right? People are like, oh you, you're not filming a competitive team. I was just like, fuck this. I hate this league hype Itz. Before we go, we're about to do million dollar picks. Your favorite team, the New York Football Giants are playing the worst team in football.


A team coming off a win last week that for the Panthers to win two games in a row with the shitty team they have would be improbable and unbelievable. The Giants line is I think six and a half and nobody's allowed to tease them. My question is, could the Giants beat the hell out of the Panthers? Because like, like right now I'm in Boston, there's some adjusted line giants on FanDuel Giants to win by 14 or more plus two 40 Giants to win by 17 or more, plus three 40 Giants to win by 20 or more plus four 80 or the Giants to win by 24 or more plus eight 40.


Could the Giants run up the score on the Panthers in your opinion? Yes. Yes they could. I I don't, I dunno if eight to one's good enough for a 24 point win, but like, yes, they, the Giants absolutely could. Because first of all, lemme tell you something. If I know one thing's gonna happen, it's gonna be that the giants are gonna screw up their chances to get a quarterback. Like the Giants had the sixth pick in the draft last year. They beat the teams ahead of them four times. They beat your Patriots once they, and you got, you know, Drake, may they beat Arizona, got Marvin Harrison and they beat Washington twice. And if they just hadn't done that, they would've gotten Jane Daniels, they're gonna do that again. There's like nine teams that have two wins. The Giants are gonna win this game. And also I know you guys do a million dollar picks and I know that you're, every week you're like, oh, we we're not supposed to do teasers. I'm done with the teasers.


Do some teasers. Tease the Giants six points to, you know, the Giants giving a half a point. Tease the Eagles to beat the Cowboys by half a point. At one point we have the Eagles and seized giants. Eagles like the Eagles are gonna destroy Dallas. I don't know why. That's just seven points. The Dallas can't stop the run. And they se most y yards percentage of their yards. And the entire league is from passing and Dax out. So the Eagles are gonna run all over the, the Cowboys and then the Giants are gonna win this game. I know it because the alternative is I'll be happy with the Giants. There's no chance. So the Giants, this will be the week when everybody's like, oh, we have the eighth pick instead of the second. It was 'cause we won that stupid Carolina game. Yes, A hundred percent. And the Giants defense is good and the the Panthers defense is horrific.


They, I mean it, How can I, can I read you some scores from the Panthers this year? I'm here, I'm here to listen. Week, week one, they lost by 37. Week two they lost by 23 to the Chargers by the way, they lost to 37 to the fucking Saints. They lost by 23 of the Chargers. They lost by 26 to the Bears. They lost by 18 to Atlanta. They lost by 33 to your team. And they lost by 14 to Bo Nicks and got mad that they felt like the Broncos were running up to score. So they've already had six games where they've lost by 14 or more. Why wouldn't we, why wouldn't we do an adjusted with the Giants? I I could totally see them running it up on this crappy Panthers team.


The, the super fun thing to add in there is like, do you think Carolina is a, as a franchise, has their shit together enough to really get this travel down? Do you think that like all the trains are are arriving at the station at the time? Same time. Oh, since it's a Germany game. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They're in Germany. Do you think that that like Carolina's organizational skill, what they've demonstrated in terms of their ability to navigate logistics, it's like, oh yeah, those guys will all be in perfect shape in, in this game against the Giants. I like the only thing that makes me tap the brakes in any way, shape or form when it comes to the Giants is that left tackle. Andrew Thomas is still out on, on on ir. Yeah. You don't really have an offense level. And he was incredible. That's a good point.


Panthers are The worst pass rush in the NFL though that It's true. That is the rebuttal. I I would Danny's right Parla you parlay a Giants alt line with an Eagle's alt line and you'll get like 20 to one. Wow. I do like this NFC lease trying to get in on a way to, to cash in a par parlay or teaser. I'm pro, I'm fine with it. Can I, I feel embarrassed to admit this, but I kind of like the giant scope position guys. Yeah, no, I Mean, why are you embarrassed? Tracy's good. I think Tyrone Tracy's good. He's good. Single pair is a good backup neighbor is a super exciting Tyrone. Tracy's the argument for why the Giants let Saquon Barkley go. And as much as it's been crushing to watch Saquon be amazing and reverse hurtling over dudes, like, the reality is he's on a winnow team and he looks better.


But like Tyrone Tracy is, well, a fifth or sixth round pick, he's making eight or 9% of what Saquon makes. And he is like, You can't, you can't criticize it with how good he's looked. Even though it was a terrible move to let your best guy go Se One on paper. It makes sense. It's just, it's tough. He goes to one of the teams you're trying to beat Kev. Have you talked yourself into Belichick or Vrabel yet? I can't tell you how ready I am to hand this entire team to Bill Belichick. I can't even begin to describe how quickly Wow. How quickly I would hand Dexter Lawrence to Bill Belichick. I Sprint, give me yeah, whatever. Sure. Belichick is on a six month trying to prove to everybody what an awesome personality is and that it's actually not true.


That he's a curmudgeon and here's how much I know about football and look how personable I am. Also, he can get one of these jobs in February. I think he likes day ball. I think that part's probably awkward. Mm. And it feels like for the Giants, it would have to be a complete house cleaning. Right? It's like they've gotten rid of everybody. I still feel like Jacksonville is gonna be the team for him. I, I think that that's, that makes a lot of sense. 'cause the Jaguars, I mean they did that with Tom Kauflin, right? They gave Tom Kain total control of the organization. I think. I think they're building a new arena. Like you, you, you just be like, you hand the franchise to this guy, he's a legend. Here's our new arena. Here's Bill Belichick, here's Trevor Lawrence. How does that make sense to you? It would make more sense to me if he was a big golf guy, because there's an incredible resort.


Sea island is Right, right, right. You know, like less than an hour away. Yeah. Like he, he re respectfully, respectfully, I'll say this disrespect. It means you have to go live in Jacksonville. Wow. I think that was like Talladega nights with Halte respect, you know, that you can just say whatever you want Time respectfully, or all due respect is used. Yeah. Ruiz called out the ballot check Jacksonville thing, I don't know how many weeks ago on this pod. The other one would, which would be fun from a narrative standpoint, is Vegas with just like Kim and Brady being reunited in some weird way with no craft, but just Belichick being Brady. Brady, having Brady be his boss. I, I don't know if that's gonna happen. How question That just, that's a fun narrative one I do. I can't imagine after what Belichick went through with Cam Newton and with Mac Jones, that he would go to a team that didn't have a quarterback.


Like, look at what happened with Harbaugh. Harbaugh went to a team that had good players in a good market with Justin Herbert as his quarterback, and he had an offensive line and, and he could immediately make that team pretty good. I think Belichick's too smart to be like, ah, we'll figure out the quarterback. He knows. Here's my question for you. What do you think he wants, because this is like a Phil Jackson thing where he kind of wants control, but like, you know, he's, he's, it's kinda like a check as you're going out or do you think that there's like real motivation and that like we'll see a level of energy we probably have never seen from his 70-year-old coach? I think Chip on the shoulder combined with the wins record. So he's gotta go to a place where he can put together wins. I don't think he wants to rebuild something from the bottom, But like 20, he need 18 wins in two years.


Like that's, that doesn't sound great to me. Like if he's like, oh, we eat out three 10 win seasons and lo lost in the wild card round and then he retires. I don't know if that's like necessarily awesome for someone who has literally zero track record of any of his coaches having any kind of like, legacy whatsoever. Dallas, I, no way. You've beat me to it. Why not? Zero chance? I would, I would. Why? I I would No, zero chance. I'll let, Let's gamble on it. I I'll serve Drinks. I'll buy you a beer chop, I'll serve drinks at your draft. Like, like I'll, I'll be like cabana boy if you, if that happens, it's an auto draft. I don't have Any drafts. Yeah. Two half minutes. No. Like, like basically like Dallas cows. I dunno if you saw this great story from Calin collar at s espn this week, but basically like, just to give you a window into Jerry Jones' mind, they have tours going through the facility just to like, like Marco Parsons is limping with his family through the Cowboys facility.


There's like visitors who pay, they're making like 1200 bucks off this to like, have people watch it. There's like fans like, oh my god, Michael Parsons doesn't look good. Like, it's the opposite of the Kremlin. And then the, the whole reason Jerry screwed up is because Jimmy Johnson got all the credit for the cow nineties cowboys. Jimmy Johnson was the, how about the, how about them cowboys? Jimmy Johnson got all the credit the entire last 20 years has been Jerry trying to get his own credit. That's why he didn't want Bill Parcells since Like Bob Kraft. Yeah. Like, yeah, exactly. It's like that, like the Bob Kraft making the doc. That's every move Jerry's made for 20 years has been like that. That's, and Parcells is not gonna tell Belichick to take that job. And, and I, I just, there's no way that Jerry can let Belichick get the credit, make decisions. It's like Jerry wants to get attention and get all the control and all the attention for having control.


I I, I would be, I think Belichick would sit out another season before he took the Dallas jump. Good. The credit thing. Good case thing is so weird to me. When people like Kraft hired Belichick, that's all he did. There's no other thing he gets credit for. He kept the team in New England instead of them moving to St. Louis. He didn't move them to Hartford and he hired Bob Belichick. There's no other thing I can point to that he did other than be cheap the last 10 years. But isn't Jerry hired Jimmy Johnson? He gets credit for that. He built that awesome stadium. Great. But other than that, they've just been another football team. The last 20 years house went through this with Snyder. These guys that come in and think people care about the owner. They don't, they just want the team to be good. That's it.


I think. Can I, can I read you a stat that might color this conversation Please. Bill Belichick has 302 wins. How many do you think Andy Reed is behind right now? 15, 20. He's at 2 66. So he's 36 behind. But you figure six seven more, right? They're eight and oh, they get to 15 and two. So he'll be at 2 73. He'll be within 30 by the end of the year. And he is 1958. And Belichick is 1952 is six years younger.


That's another reason I, I don't, that's why I don't think he goes to like, oh, I've taken over the Panthers. Like it's, he's gotta go to a team that he can actually win games the way Harbaugh did. That's a good point. 'cause it's kinda like Popovich with getting wema where it's like, Reid's gonna do this till he's in the grave. Like he is not Like until Mahomes goes. Like there's why would, there's No chance would he leave? No. Why would No. So Reid's smarter than everybody. Everybody out like Reid is like, you know what I'll do here, I'll just take the field goal. I'll take the three points. Yeah. So we can go up seven. I have Patrick Mahomes, like, he doesn't overthink any of this shit. And The, the Chiefs actually have a Patriots like infrastructure. Because I think what's great, I think there's a weird thing going on in the NFL right now where there's assumption that youth brings new ideas and in reality, sometimes youth brings new ideas, but you can also bring the cowardice to stand out.


And I think what really interesting thing that the chiefs have is that Andy Reed is the perfect coach. CEO play caller stability. Mahomes is Mahomes and they work together. The other thing they have going for them is that Steve Spagnolo right. Is as innovative as any defensive coordinator in the NL. And if you were 39, everyone would say hire Steve Sp Spagnolo to be your head coach. But he's like 58. So no one wants to hire Steve Spagnolo even though, because he's Bad. He been head coach 15 years. He back and he was, That was in 2009. You know what I mean? I'm like the, I like, there were like the other guys being interviewed were in high school in 2009. Like he's had an entire nother career. He's the only coordinator that's ever won four Super Bowls. And it's crazy to think Steve Spec's not gonna get another job.


And so the Chiefs have this infrastructure of Brett Fich, the gm, Andy Reed, Mahomes and Speco for, I don't know, seven, eight years. And they're old, but they're still innovating. And so it's everything you need. Yeah. And they're not gonna get disrupted. That's what the Pats had. Well, house just went through it. He hired a new coach for the Washington C words. Quinn came in. He wasn't Ron Rivera. That was, that was first good thing. He actually had a good quarterback second good thing. But you can see like he, he's definitely changed the energy. That was what he did with the Dallas defense too when he was there. That's what he did in Atlanta for a few years. But he's like a big chemistry vibes, motivational drop f-bombs guy, red House. Like he's oh, a a thousand percent and a thousand that F bombs.


He loved You love Dan Quinn. Oh, I, I couldn't love him anymore. And you know, the thing that matters is how relevant he is to these players, right? They, he, he stole some Dallas guys. He brought Do Armstrong over who is, if you look at, you know, his, the disruption rates for, for Armstrong. He's in the, in the proper court. He is where you want him to be. But Dan Quinn, they, they're playing for him. Schefter did a report last week about Washington being a desirable place for free agents. What Washington? This place? The football team f Yes. Because of Dan Quinn. I thought that was a weird report. Okay, well it's fine. I'm just saying the fact that it existed, I think NFL players are just sitting around going, man, what are the most desirable play?


Like, it, it's like we would do a podcast like two wide receivers in the wide receiver room going, what are your top five free destinations? Oh, Washington looks like they have a good thing going. I where that stuff comes from. I actually 1000% think that that's what wide receivers do is just look around and look at the greener grass and game players. They're just like, oh, it'd be so cool if I play. It's like, I'd be so cool if I played with Dame Lillard. Then you play with Dame Lillard, you're like, oh, this kind of sucks. But, but that's the thing. I'm sure they watch Jaden Daniels on the Red Zone or on nfl.com. Yeah. And they're like, man, I, that guy's good dude. I'd rather have him than Gardner Minsu House. Did you see what Neighbors said last Week? No. What'd he say? They, they Just asked neighbors because obviously neighbors and s really good friends at lsu.


Yes. And then they're like, Hey, I didn't feel about, you know that guy? He's like, yeah, that guy. I mean, man, I mean, what a winner. What a what a football, you know, he's gonna go out there and compete and every single time, you know, it's hard to beat that guy. You know, it's, oh, what an amazing guy to play with. And he just like looks up and I'm, you know what I mean? And I'm like, yeah. It's like, of course he's thinking I wish I'd played the Jade and Daniels instead of Daniel Jones. Well, Part of it for sure, also Washington will be in a ton of primetime games next year. Like if you want to be a a player that's on a stage, you're gonna get a stage with this Washington knocking on wood. I mean, I, you know, obviously take, would you rather be the Giants for granted? Would you rather be the Giants or the Cowboys next five years? Wow. Definitely the, definitely the giants at that because I, I think that would too. I I think that they're gonna continue to pro Jerry Jones is singular, singularly the most important player in the NFC East because he will continue that.


It's exactly what Danny said. He doesn't give a shit about winning football games. What he cares about about is, is asses in seats and it just gets crazier and crazier. It's phenomenal. Jerry, I love that guy so much. Jerry, Jerry built the NFL and I think people forget the Cowboys are a side project for guy's. Main job is to make $20 billion in revenue a year for the NFL. And then also he's, I mean, one he is older than Joe Biden, which seems relevant. And then two, and then to bring this all together, Jerry's a fantasy football owner where it's like good owners are like Bob Craft Tire Belichick out of the way. The Hunt family who just hired Andy Reed got outta the way. Jerry could do that. But instead he wants to tinker with the roster, right? He wants to do all this stuff. So yeah, he Wants to be on camera every week. He's talking, why the fuck are you doing on camera?


I think my new favorite is Mark Davis, who after the season, I think we'll be paying three coaches that aren't coaching his team. That which might be a record, right? Gruin McDaniels and then Antonio Pierce. So had three X coaches, David Teper, David Depper had the record. He was paying, I'm guessing Tepper's like hold my beer. So he had rule, he had Frank rank this new guy and Ron Rivera. I think that rule took a job at Nebraska. So I think that offset it. But yeah, there was at one point there, I mean the NFL sent a memo to the owners saying, please we're losing $900 million a year to active coaches. Like, basically it was like, David Tepper, please stop firing people. But they had to send it to everyone. But it was like, yeah, three going on, four coaches on his payroll at the same time. Hi Fitz, sorry we kept you from starting your other podcast.


Thanks for, thanks for hanging out with us. Great to see you. Think about my guillotine NBA suggestion. Maybe get that going and, and say hi to the fantasy guys for us. Thank you for having me. Yeah. We'll, we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll, we'll gather our thoughts together on the guillotine.


This episode is brought to you by the all new reimagined Nissan kicks from the bold new exterior to the performance and tech features like intelligent all-wheel drive and a Bose personal plus sound system. Cars where I live, I live in the Los Angeles area and cars are one of the most important things you can have. 'cause you're in them a lot because you gotta drive around all over the place. You know what's fun? To have a nice car for an everyday commute to have music and the ability to do hands-free stuff. And just to feel safe, you can do it. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan kicks today. Head over to Nissan USA to learn more. Bose Personal plus sound system is an available feature. Bose is a registered trademark in the Bose Corporation. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


This episode is brought to by SimpliSafe. It is football season, which means the holidays are Coming up and actually SimpliSafe is already having a Black Friday sale. So if you're worried about the safety of your home and family, now is the time to get home security. I personally like to use SimpliSafe because they can stop intruders before they break into your home. That's kind of the goal. I think they take home security to the next level. They're active guard outdoor protection. It's not an old school system. They only take action once somebody is already in your house. No, that's not SimpliSafe. They take action before somebody gets in your house. There's no long term contracts, no cancellation fees. It's around $1 a day. And it gives me peace of mind and helps me and my family feel protected. So take advantage of this Black Friday sale this week only right now you can take 60% off any new system with a select professional monitoring plan. Head to SimpliSafe dot com slash bs to claim your discount and make sure your home is safe this season. Keep your home, your family, and your peace of mind protected with SimpliSafe. Again, go to SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. That is SimpliSafe with two is there's no safe like SimpliSafe,


all right, house is still here. We're gonna do some million dollar picks. We went three and oh, last week won $600,000. We're up to $778,000. It was about time some things went right and some things did go right. Last week we we're on the right side of the Rams, which, you know, sweated that one out. But I thought this was 50 game cowboys and the over somehow hit last week against the Falcons. And then 50 50 we hit an Eagle's Chiefs tease that we had to sweat out on both ends. Although I will say I love sweating when, when I have Patrick Mahomes and Andy Reed, I still feel like the, the sweat out was if, if Todd Bowles had gone for two, we were fucked.


The the tease was done. The was done. No matter what happened with the two point we're done. If he had just done the courageous thing that everybody would've celebrated him for going for, for the win at the end of that game. Yeah, with by going for a two pointer, it would've cooked every tease in America. It did lead to the coin toss video of Mahomes calling heads or whatever somebody, whatever The Chiefs win and Baker Mayfield kicks his head back. 'cause of course the chiefs are gonna win. Of course, on the biggest play of the game, the right tackle is going take a step back two seconds before the snap starts. It's like the Chiefs, it's just great. It's great to bet on them. 'cause you know they're gonna get 80% of the calls. Do you believe in Raheem?


Our guy Raheem, he has that a side B side thing. Yes. Yes. And the Chiefs are the most a side NFL team we've had in a while because people say, oh, the Patriots go all the calls too. It's like they, they literally tried to, tried to railroad Tom Brady and suspended him for four games for the most thing ever. The chiefs get more calls than any football team I can remember since like the seventies Raiders. Yeah. Nobody wants me to invite you to take another shit on the Lakers, but you just did this. You just talked about how many more free throws the Lakers have than any of course the A side. And they said they were shooting 10 more free throw attempts a game than the other team. Yeah, simple size lot. A lot more physical Lakers.


Yeah. Oh yeah. A lot more leather. The low coast Lakers. Speaking of physical, we're doing another tease feels, especially with the, the way the favorites have been performing, it feels like a little, little safer on Tee Street, still stopping at the flashing yellows. But I, I feel like I I I just can go straight now. There's no cops on T Street. I could just cruise through. And Heifetz in the previous segment mentioned the Eagles against the Cowboys with no deck. The Eagles are ninth and DBOA Dallas is 25th. The Eagles have the second second in the run. Their offense, Dallas is 30th against the run.


They're 29th yards per play. Lawrence is still out. Philly's defense is fifth yards per play. Fifth against first down fifth against the run. Seventh against pass they got Dallas got it back. This line has kind of stayed at six and a half because people don't trust the Eagles with good reason. The reason for the tees is Siri Insurance. We have to buy off all of the moronic things. It Siri Muck Insurance. It really, it is, it's Siri Muck schmuck shit. you can, I can't say that 10 times fast. Syria literally is insurance. It's, it's that, it's that because that dude is a stone cold schmuck. So you gotta have some, some way to get out of it.


I lo I mean the, the, the, the Eagle's teaser is a lock. You, you don't need to convince me any further on that leg of it. Well the best thing about this of Philly's now seven. That's great. The best, the best thing about this is you can get it to a number that Sirianni can't screw up with a dumb two point conversion going for two when he is up. That's right. You know, 17 or all the weird shit he does. So we can get them down to six. And then I, I just, to me the cowboys are, I said this to Al on Sunday night, like it just feels like a five and 12, four and 13 team now. And I, I don't think, I don't think there's any scenario for them to turn it around. I didn't think they were good to begin with.


So that's one. And then the other one is Chargers. Titans and I continue to think the Chargers are just severely undervalued and I'm mad we didn't take them last week against the Browns. We backed off, there was some couple Chargers injuries. Jamis was hot and it was a home game for Cleveland. There was good defensive stats. I betted in real life on Sunday, but I'm mad we didn't have for a million dollar picks. But yeah. House did you know the Chargers have not given up 21 points yet this season. I I did know that. And you know, one big element of that and, and it'll feature in some of my plays on The Ringer pregame show on Sunday is they are so deliberate with the football.


They use up on average like 31 seconds of they number one in the league in terms of how much of the play play clock they use. So that they, they they control the flow of the game, which definitely contributes to that. It's a very good defense. Again, I couldn't name six players on it, but that doesn't matter. It's, it's, it's institutional. It's Harbaugh and the guy that he brought over from Michigan and they just played disciplined football. So I mean this is the, the seven and a half down to one and a half against a a Titans team where it seems like Will Levi is gonna play. Is that, is that wonderful?


Please, please. They've been crushing teams with bad QBs this year points they've given up ten three, twenty seventeen, sixteen, fifteen, eight and 10. And if you're gonna make a case for Tennessee, it would probably start with their defense is pretty good. Yeah, it is. The good defensive stats with it. I watched 'em last week. I thought they did a pretty good job with the Pats. They are first on first downs first against the pass, second against on third down the Chargers deed. Some of the stats are just phenomenal. I mean they're, they're in the top five in just about every relevant category. They're anything that's to run. I really like this Chargers team and I, and I think they're a little better than the good bad team because they have confidence now they're physical, they're getting some guys back and their receivers have gotten better week after week after week.


And you watch 'em and it's like Johnson, Josh Palmer McConkey. Like they have guys that can actually get first down to move the chains. Well, you know, what's happening in, in over that same time continuum week after week after week, Justin Herbert got healthy. He, I think, I think he really was hurt. I mean he, he sat out chunks of of games. Yeah. Did he miss a full game? I don't remember. Early in the season and his mobility is back and they are taking downfield shots. Shots and you know, kudos to Quentin Johnson for getting it together. They took him in a WR one position, first round of the draft position. Good for him that it looks like it, it may yet pay off.


I mean he wasn't even drafted in fantasy. Yeah. Why would it be? He wasn't, he wasn't drafted. He was, he was a first round round pick in his second year and people were like, the Chargers have no receivers and I still wouldn't draft this guy. It it felt like he, he was 50 50 to get cut. Yeah. That's how bad his rookie season was. Yeah. They, they rejuvenated him. So I think Eagles chargers is about as good of a, I felt about a tease in a while. I love it so much. I really do. I I, my only fear, my only fear with the Eagles is they have your Washington Sea words on Thursday. Yeah. And we've learned over the years. Yeah.


The game before the game is always a little hairy when you have that big game coming. So I, that's the only thing I'm worried about at all this. It's a, it's a, it's a great observation. The other leg that, that to me got better is the Chiefs at home against Denver where that line was in the eight and a half, nine range and now it's down to seven and a half because people are giving so much respect to Sean Peyton. I am not saying that we necessarily should do anything with it here on million dollar picks, but am I gonna play a three leg tees featuring those three teams come Sunday? Yes, I am. I looked at that too and I, I thought even though the Broncos got killed last week, I, I still feel like they were in that game for an hour and a half and that Sure.


End of the first half touchdown just killed it once they fell behind 14 against Derrick Henry and Lamar. It's done. Yeah. When it was 1710, I felt like they had more of a chance. Something scares me about that game and I can't explain it. Okay, fair enough. No, I'm just saying like, I I'm with you on Sunday. I'll probably, that would be a three team tease instead of a two team tease. But I, I don't, the Broncos, haven't they played the Chiefs well the last couple years? Not really. They nuts. No. Well they, there, there, there might be some moments of close games, but the Chiefs own the Broncos. There's an in incre, I, I don't have the number handy. Yeah. So they, they split with them last year. They beat them in week 8, 24 to nine.


I think that was one of the 12 times in Mahomes career. Been like, what's wrong with the Chiefs? And then hey, guess what? They're fine. I'm staying away from that one. Okay, here's one that I don't wanna stay away from unless you talk me out of it. The new coach theory is back. The Saints have a new coach. They're plus three and a half against the Falcons this week. And in their first meeting they lost at the buzzer by two Falcons are banged up. London's hurt, might play, might not. Pit is hurt, might play, might not. Lindstrom is hurt. Jarret's hurt. He's old but he's out. I like that. They already played in the Saints move the ball on them.


The Atlanta's defense is the worst in the league completion percentage, which is kind of ties in. So they have no pass rush. That's why. Yeah. And they're not good at stopping completions. Right, right. Which are really the only good things the Saints are good at. Now they traded Latimore, which makes me nervous because that, that means that's a, they're quitting on the season. The Saints, they're defense is 31st. That was with Latimore and Yards per play. Atlanta seventh, I don't know, do we believe in the new coach theory? It didn't work with the Jets. 'cause the Jets ended up not, they lost by three of the bills and did not cover in a game that we both bet on. So you could say the new coach theory is due or maybe don't do it with the Saints.


But I was, I was taken aback by the, the dialogue from the saint side about it really seemed like they were delighted that Dennis Allen got fired. Well I do think that they're delighted that Dennis Allen got fired. But I will confess, I I am very gun shy when it comes to the Saints team. I personally feel like I had a hand in getting Dennis Allen fired because I bet on the Saints against the Panthers, the, it was my wise wager. All I asked them to do was score 14 points in the first half against the Panthers. They scored exactly 13 points. They lost my, they had a chance to go for two after, after scoring a touchdown where it would've made sense for them to go for two and get to 14.


But I I, I cannot, after watching Derek Carr, I I'm, I'm gonna have to try and figure out how to say this politely, what he did to Crystal Lave Cash Bar. Cash Bar Carr. What, what, what like the Michael Thomas respond, I worry like, is that, do they believe that in that locker room? Yeah, you're right. Does Michael Thomas still have sway? We can't. The I'm, I'm taking him off. We can't do it. Well Derek Har my might shorten that guy's career. He might be responsible for Chris Ave only playing five years. Well that pass was, that's the most dangerous pass you can throw in football. I don't think he did intentionally. I just don't think he's good at football.


I'm at, I'm not. That's what I'm at. The worst the quarterback is, the more the ball sails. It's something that Brady, you know, it's the one thing he'll get mad at as an announcer when the quarterback leads somebody into a C collision. 'cause he feels like that's your job not to do that. Right. Exactly. So I'm I'm we'll take him off. I'm, I they just scare me. That's fine. How about the Steelers plus three against your Washington C words? So I think it's a 50 50 game because you're gonna go through and look at the Steelers defense and it, it will be true that they have a bunch of very good numbers. And then if you consider who they've played, they really haven't gone up against any offenses with genuine firepower yet.


So can I give you the converse on that? Yes. I don't, I don't think I used that. No, you're you're right. Washington beat the Giants twice. They beat Cleveland, Carolina, Chicago, Cincinnati, and Arizona. This is the first top 10 DVOA defense that they've played. Percent. Right. They only played two in the top 16 of the league. You're right. Number 11, Chicago, they scored 18. Number 13 Baltimore, they scored 23 and it's very possible your team is seven and four in a week. 'cause you got that Philly game on Thursday and it's like, guess what? You would've taken seven and four. But this is a different part of the schedule than they've had to deal with the whole season.


A thousand percent true. And and part of the calculus for why you would feel comfortable enough taking the Steelers is just Tomlin as an underdog on, on the road against a rookie quarterback. There are all these numbers you can look at over the span of that man's 20 year career where he eats up situations like this. And, and he will certainly have that defense mindset wise. Like guys, everybody's looking to see this rookie quarterback against you. You here's your opportunity to shine. So that would be the reason I personally think, well there there's another reason though that the, the running backs are healthy and it feels like they can actually run the ball in Washington now.


They better You like this Washington defense though? I, well I like this Washington defense against Russell Wilson because the Washington defense over the past month has gotten very successful marks in terms of past rush win rate. And they, they put pressure, they've been very successful in putting good disruptive pressure on quarterbacks. And the Steeler's offensive line had been rotating chairs rotating cast a little bit. I'm not sure if that's settled down, but if Russell Wilson is in any duress at all, then I then I like Washington's chances there. To me it feels like a turnover or field goal game. It's a, it's a game where, so let's take four plus three.


That sounds great. That's, it's totally fine. I I'm not talking you out of it. Cards, jets. This is the line of the year. The Cardinals are underdogs at home against the Jets. I've watched football every week this season. The Cardinals are better than the Jets and yet they're on my do not bet list. Yeah. 'cause I don't trust them. I don't know why I don't trust them. They're five and four and they've, they've gotten better. Not worse. As the seasons went along, the Jets lost to the Patriots played on a Thursday night against Houston that basically had one receiver in Camp Block and it felt like the Jets were gonna lose until this crazy Garrett Wilson catch that. I still don't understand how it was a touchdown.


The game flips, the Jets win and it's Halloween. It's stupid. It's a Thursday night and now people are like, oh, the Jets are back. I don't think the jets are good. I don't think the jets are good either. But, and and again, to be clear, the Jets are on my Do not, I have two teams on my I will not bet on either of these teams. The Jets are the Bears so's no scenario. No what You're gonna be able to, I don't care what the numbers are, what they say. Yeah. I'm just not betting on those teams because I would've throw the Jaguars on there as well. Well, that that's fine. They, the they all have the same thing in common, which is dunderhead kink and poop decision makers, you know, out, out there guiding the schemes. I want no part of, of the, the, the Jets offensive scheme.


Think about all the, the conversation that we just had with Danny Heifetz and what Nathaniel Hackett did to Brie Hall. This, this, this season. Yeah. The number one pick in fantasy can't get off because the, the jets can't get off. They spent all this money on trying tore re rehabilitate offensive line. So to me, this Arizona Jets game just, we don't have to bet on every game. We don't have bet on that game. I would, let's do anything counter. So Arizona's won four, their last five, they beat San Francisco. Really nice win. I watched it. They got killed by Green Bay. They snuck out that Chargers game that, I don't know how they won.


I think the Chargers are good. They went against a good defense. Beat 'em. They came back and beat that Miami team. Little resilience there. And then they, they kind of killed Chicago last week, swamped them, I mean, swamped them. They they really gave him problems. And I think what I liked about that game going into this game is Chicago has a shitty offensive line. Right. And they just, they were in Caleb's Grill the whole time. The Jets offensive line is a mess. Yeah. I mean they, they're not even sure who's playing this weekend and Rogers has looked old and I just like it, so I wanna do it. I know I'm taking them off the DB list. Well, look, make it the argue. Pick you, you, IIII would say don't bet it and you're gonna bet it I won't take the Jets.


So I mean, I won't take the other side of it. So it's not the argue pick in that respect. Before Drake may got hurt in that Jets game, he was just kind of scrambling around and doing whatever and the Jets didn't seem, they just, he seemed faster than the Jets. Which makes me think Kyler Murray against that Jets defense. I just feel like he'll be able to move around and do things. And what this Jet's team, I don't understand why we haven't written them off yet. I I don't get the line. It's insulting. Do you think it's a rat line? No, I think it's the right line. Okay. I, it, it's a line based on, on priors. I didn't get a chance to sit down and look at the look ahead. But here, here's the part of what would help your case going against the, the Jet CJ Mosley, questionable the cornerback Michael Carter.


It's a bad out here. Questionable two safeties, both of their safeties questionable. Like, you know, if they're not in perfect health, that defense, we've seen that defense be super getable to Jet. I'm taking them cards plus one and a half the Rams are playing the Dolphins. And my first instinct was jump on the Rams. Mm. And I thought a lot about the Dolphins the last couple weeks. I watched that whole Dolphins Bills game. I thought they played really well. They did. Their defense isn't very good, but they can run the ball and control the ball and move the ball in their hard to play. And this Rams team, like they were super lucky last week. You know, that that was, I I still, if you're a Seattle fan, that that was one of the worst losses of the year.


You're just, they had the fuck did we lose that game? Three possessions in the red zone. Yeah. In the second half. One of which turned into six points for the other team. Like That's right. Not only did they, they didn't go scoreless in the red zone. They gave, they gave six points in the other direction. And I think the Dolphins can run the ball on them. So I'm wondering, and you kind of like them too, I'm wondering do we take the plus one and a half? Do we do an adjusted line with the over what do we do in the first place? Dolphins money line would, would be attractive to me. And then if you wanted to do like, do an adjusted line where it's Dolphins minus two or something like that.


The important thing to me, and as we handicap this is for sure what you just sort of outlined, which is the Dolphins have been unlucky and they are a such a different team with Tua, but they're, they're defensive. Like they, they barely lost Arizona. Yeah. They barely lost Indianapolis and last week they really could have beaten Buffalo. And that I thought they really played well. I was impressed. I'm so mad about that. Indianapolis lost they had that game Yeah. In hand. Zach ER's back. That's the, that's the key aspect of this to me. They, they, their ability to generate some pressure against the, the Rams and against Matthew Stafford. It really is dependent on, on Seiler being there. And he is.


So that, that's a key element to me. Do you see points in this game? Yes. Yes I do. What if I was able to offer you the Dolphins plus four and a half with the over 42 and a half at minus one 15. Wow. That's just like a standard. I love that. I love that price. It's the Dolphins plus four and a half Dolphins plus four and a half and over 42 and a half. Yeah. Yeah. In that's a great one. Okay. Thanks. Great job. Thanks. All right. We're right now in Down Dolphins. Four and a half over. I'll tell you another thing, and we say this sometimes at the Rams, depending on who's coming in, the Dolphins have a lot of fans, man, and, and I think there's gonna be Dolphin fans.


That's a team that's been around since the seventies. They have generations of fans. Some of them live in la I know some of them. I think there's gonna be Dolphin fans in that game. I, it's funny to think about people from Miami flying to Los Angeles. Like it's, it's not, you know, it's not like, it's like a destination for them. Yeah. Alright, last one I have for you is The Lions. We're a little afraid of Nico Collins, right? Because seems like he might come back for Houston, might not. And I, I, I looked at this initially like, oh no Nico Collins, no digs. Like the Lions are gonna absolutely kill them. It's in a dome. I think this Lions team is is great.


So there, there's a couple things we could do with this. You do the Lions money with the under 57 and a half, that's minus one 11. So basically like anything, any score higher than 30, 27 beats it. The lions are favored by three and a half in this. And something scares me about the hook and I just wonder, Maybe you just take, lay the points. Maybe the lions are that good. Maybe we've hit a point and just bet the lions every week. Well they are 40 and 15 against the spread over the last 55 games. So that's, you're you're gonna make money gambling on the, on the Lions. I can only come up with, you know, I I I don't have any X's and o's reason to to, to not do it.


It is the case for sure that CJ Stroud over his short career thus far has dramatically better splits at home than on the road. Yeah. Yeah. It is the case that Houston's defense has been very good on early downs and the lions are sort of middle of the pack on on early downs. I, you know, you, you, there isn't a lot to, to, to do. I I I think it's just, you know, I like that Detroit money line better than messing around with the points. So Detroit money line is minus 180 4. I was looking at the Detroit wins the first half. Detroit wins the game, but they don't have that on FanDuel right now because I think, oh there it is.


No they do have it now. That's plus 1 0 5 Detroit First half Detroit game. Hmm. What are your thoughts? Hmm Hmm Plus 1 0 5. Yeah, I think I like it. I kind of like the plus money. We're just asking them to win the Yeah. Yeah, because we're in on that one. Yeah. Huge. So here here's a couple things with the, with the Lions seventh against the run on defense. I think the only way that Texans win this game is they run the ball, they do the Joe Mixon thing, but I feel like the Lions can shut that down.


The other thing is the Lions are first and quarterback Currys guess who's 32nd offensively? Houston. Yeah. Their line sucks. Like even the jets were, were were getting a Stroud. I just feel like the Lions can overrun them. Lions are first in D Dvo, OA, they've only scored 23 points once since week two. The Texans. Yeah. I don't think they're gonna score points. Well, and I'm looking, I messed up the number. The lions are awesome on early downs and so is the Houston defense. So that, that those two are neutralize each other. But Will Anderson might be hurt. And here's the thing that I'm reminded of it. Yeah. I got hurt last week. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. I'm, here's the thing that tips it. Zari Smith, do you think that he will be fired up to come in and make a great first impression and put pressure on CJ Stroud in this in this game?


They, there it's, it's, it's an island game. Right? And, and Detroit will want to come out. Yeah, let's do it man. Whatever you wanna do with Detroit. I'm there. Lions first half Lions game plus 1 0 5. Great. We're doing it. Great, great. We're doing it. Last but not least, what do you wanna do with this Giants blowout Panthers game in Germany? It's so much fun to root for. It'll be fun if they go up like 20 to three. I don't want do it. I wanna sleep. I Why? Well, you, you're leaving out the blowout that I like the best this week. What is it? I like a another blowout better. What is it? It's the San Francisco 49 ERs going into Tampa off of a bye week where Todd Bowles as a head coach is oh and six going up against teams.


This is the week where the injuries for Tampa finally catch up. It's a very, very tough spot for them coming off of that Monday night. And it seems like we keep saying it, everybody keeps saying it McCaffrey's gonna be back and it came at exactly the right time. We were not that far off this position last year with the record for San Francisco going into their buy right around kind of 500 ish. They came out and they beat the crap out of the Jacksonville. Ja I think they won like 34 to three. I I I tried, tried to look it up earlier. Yeah, they, they blew the doors off. And, and Brock per these nuts is absolutely do that Brock per these nuts.


With this time, with Shanahan's ability to scheme and what they just watched Kansas City be able to do. I think I'm gonna be able to take advantage of all of it. I really, I'm absolutely thrilled to lay the points. Anything under a touchdown for me with the, the diners. This is the portion of the season where the Niners get going and we're all like, oh, this is why we had them at the top of the NFC. Here's the version of that team. I love, I love this spot against Tampa this week. The Tampa defensive stats are absolutely abysmal offenses are, they're, first of all, they're 31st and first downs, 30th and passing yards, 24th yards per play.


And then you flip it the other way. The Niners have some really good defensive stats that I was surprised by. Like they're fifth against the pass. They're second and first downs, things like that. So I like your blowout call. So now I'm wondering like, how, how much of a blowout are we thinking? Would you go 14 plus would you go 17 plus like 17 plus. 14 plus is in my, is my in my neck of the woods. 'cause you know, baker is scrappy. I baker's been working impressed, impressed by Baker. He's, I, him and Kate Oten are good for something. I I really, my tip my hat to Baker this season. You sound like Collinsworth. I just realized it. I just, I just love this Bakerfield gave it to he's he's really, he such a gamer.


So back he's it's so dumb. All right, so we'll do, how about this, oh my God, keep your pants on for this one. Niners win by 14 plus Giants win by 14 plus on FanDuel. It is over 10 to one. Well, for the record, I'm going to split those two up in my own betting card. And if we're going to put those two together, it can't be for very much money. It has to be. I was thinking could that be, could that be a 20 K bet at 10, one odds. Great. Great. Yeah.


Or we just go separately on both of them. Put a hundred K on each and hope both of them hit. Let's do, why don't we do both 20 K on the combo combo platter and what, what, what'd you say on, on each individually a hundred k on each individually what we do. Niners a hundred K on Niners plus two 30, a hundred K on Giants plus two 40. I like doing that more and forgetting the parlay. Okay. Okay. That's fun. That's, I like it. Alright. Only other game I wanted to mention and we're staying away from it. Is the Jaguars against the Vikings with M Jones? No. No. So you can go to, we're not betting this, but you go two ways with this. One is, this is yet another chance to bet against M Jones with a great defense that we know Mack Jones, when you're pressuring him, it's a disaster.


The other way to think of it is, is there some Ewing theory possibilities with Mac Jones this week with the money line? Oh is is Trevor Lawrence even good? Like we still don't know. What if Mac Jones comes in and he is good and he actually beats the Vikings? It is a funny, I don't think this is gonna happen. I wanna talk about No, let's do it. Let's take No, we're not doing it. We're not doing anything. 5K. It's funny. We're doing nothing this's funny. I'm gonna bet $5. I'm telling everybody right now, I'm betting $5 on Jacksonville to win this week because that is one of the funniest outcomes of the week. I'm definitely doing it. So right now they are plus 2 65 to win out. Fine, fine. You do, you can do the Mac Jones, you could do the over with the money line and that would be plus 5 68.


Do the Mac Mac lights up Minnesota. That's a deep fried Turkey. That's a, that's that's my deep fried Turkey special of the week. All right, here we go. It's time. The million dollar picks for week 10. Last week we won $600,000. We're up 7 78 for the season. Joe House and I are Hot House is gonna celebrate these picks with an arby deep fried Turkey sandwich. They're not a sponsor for million dollar picks. We just love Arby's. First the Philadelphia Eagles up to seven against the Dallas Cowboys who stink, stink, who don't have Dak Prescott who are headed for four and 13 or five and 12. Kind of like this Eagles team too.


There's some great stats with them teasing them with the Chargers minus seven and a half against Wilt Levis and the Titans. We think it's gonna be will Levis, but the Chargers have not given up 21 points yet this season. They have crushed teams with bad QBs. All of these bets are gonna be 200 k. We're putting 200 K on that. How? And I really like the Dolphins against the Rams, even though I've been on the Rams all year. I just, the Dolphins can run the ball. They've been super frisky the last three weeks. We're doing an adjusted one Dolphins plus four and a half with the over 42 and a half in la bunch of Dolphin fans there. You think the Dolphins could win this game outright?


I do. I do. I think that they're, what we saw that offense against Buffalo was, was, was like very promising. I, I like them very much in this situation. We bought ourselves some schmuck insurance there because the possibility of the dolphins and, and disc jockey, disc jockey mc McDaniel controlling the whole game and then in the last six minutes, all of a sudden getting skittish and then their Stafford going down the field and all of a sudden they lose by three. So we have schmuck insurance with the dolphins plus four and a half over 42.5 parlay. Next one Steelers plus three in Washington against House of C words. We just think this is a three point game. We're grabbing the points no harm done.


That's it. That's it was I has not played a top 10 DVA defense yet. And we like the spot for the Steelers. I'll tell you what, I'm not rooting against Washington, but bet makes sense. Three point game, if that makes sense. Next one we disagreed on and we're doing it anyway and then we can argue about it if it doesn't work out. The Cardinals at home getting one and a half points against the stupid jets. And this, I'm just offended by this line and I'm taking the Cardinals. It's the second funniest outcome of the week. Roger's losing to the Cardinals would be tremendous. So I I, that one I will root for. I just can't in good conscience recommend anybody bet on it. I don't think the Jets are good lion's.


First half Lion's game in Houston is plus 1 0 5. Both of them have to hit. And we are now at the point of the season where we're just riding the lions. We believe in the lions. I'm not sure when they lose again. And if they lose, it's gonna be against the team that's better than Houston. Houston's offensive lion can just not carry them in this game. And I don't think they're gonna run the ball in Detroit either. You love the lion's safest bet for you right now in the league? Ye yes. I mean the math supports it. Their performance supports it. The addition Nazar Smith supports it. Their coaching staff supports it. Yeah, I mean we, I tried to speak into existence. The Packers being competitive, that that was, that game was, was over with a quickness because Jordan Love couldn't move.


So, and, and Jared Goff had two gloves on and it was perfectly fine. He didn't, he did. The ball didn't slip one time. And then last but not least, we're putting a hundred K on the Niners minus 13 and a half adjusted. That's plus two 30. 'cause we think Tampa, no disrespect to Tampa, it's been an impressive season. Disrespect. But from a talent injuries, you just, you're not gonna be able to hang in game we don't think short. And then the Giants in Germany against the Panthers, who there's no way they're winning twice in a row. Minus 13 F plus two 40. We're gonna put a hundred K in each of those and try to hit one and hopefully both be awesome.


I'll have a Christmas A for it. And should Christmas A there should you put 10 K in the parlay at plus 10 22? Yes. Yes. The 10 K in the parlay at at plus 10 22 as well. Those are the million dollar picks for week 10. You like these? I love 'em. It's a pretty good batch. It's so fun. It's time baby. We're gonna take a break. Talk NBA really quick.


This episode is brought to by Mick Loeb. ULTRA. The NBA is back. And you know what that means? So is Mick Loeb ULTRA courtside. It gets fans closer to the game, the stories, the players, the celebrations, and it's a pretty damn good beer. Stock up your fridge with Mick Loeb ULTRA and be ready for the big plays all season long. Learn negative. Get closer to the action by visiting mlo bocher.com/courtside. MLO b ULTRA superior access Courtside 24 25 sweepstakes. No purchase necessary. Open to US residence 21 plus begins on 10. 1 24 goes through 7 1 25. Visit mlo bocher.com/courtside for free. Entry. Entry de deadlines and official rules void were prohibited.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


Alright, house, we did this last week, people liked it. So we're doing it again. Just like a little, little nightcap. N-B-A-N-B-A dialogue. You watched Warrior Celtics last night, the whole thing from the opening tip. What was you, what'd you make of it? I was so impressed with the physicality of Golden State's defense. It's the, it is by far the first time I've seen a Golden State team really since the, the 2017, 18, you know, right up into the, the finals where everybody got hurt in 20 2019 on the Golden State team where they, they, their defensive metrics were always super high over that stint.


Yeah. This, this, they have like a bunch of wing dudes who will go get up into your chest and they forced, they, they, they forced double digit turnovers. The Celtics weren't ready for it. And obviously Jalen Brown wasn't there. And I know, but you know, the Celtics still with the pedigree, with their, their preparation. You expect them, especially at home. I think they had 10 turnovers by halftime just because of how aggressive Golden State's defense was. I was still mad, mad. They were blitzing, they were blitzing the shit outta Tatum, which is, they were, which you kind of have to do against the Celtics when Jay Brown's not playing. I, that was smart. I I like the narrative of, of Tatum getting off to get his revenge.


But Steve Kerr and, and Steph Curry are like, eh, good job. Good job. Jason Tatum patted him on the head. Took it down. Well it was a winnable, it was a totally winnable game for the Celtics. It was. And the difference is they actually didn't get stopped down the stretch where they, they still miss poor Zynga's RI protection, which is why Kada is playing so much. But then not also having Jalen and you know, you are losing two of your top five guys. You got Kada, not terrible, he's not terrible. But a in the last four minutes what happened? Happened, which was Curry just trying to get him in high screens to try to attack him. But the, I I, when I was doing my power pull on Tuesday, I really had trouble ranking the Warriors.


'cause I felt like they might be a top five team and I, I wasn't ready to go there yet 'cause it was too early. But defensively they have it and I think they already have an identity, which I think is really hard to achieve this early in the season when we y they added a bunch of new dudes, but I, I feel like they know who they're already, they're getting a lot out of Heald and Wiggins. They're getting a lot. And those two guys. Well, and this wig has done it before. Heald hasn't done it in three years. Right, right. Well and Wiggins didn't exactly do it in the past year and a half. I mean, he Wiggins took off half of a a, a season, a third of a season. No, he did, well I'll say this with healed, he's always been on the, in the right situations.


Really good at just chucking the ball. Right. Yeah. So they're, they're just like, we know who you are, buddy healed. You're just gonna do all these Clay Thompson plays. And what's interesting is Clay was so famous and it was so you were always, your eye was always drawn to him. You always knew where he was in the court. But he can kind of like slide in and out like that. The key play of that game, they're up four curry, Curry basically collapses the defense and Tatum loses heeled for like a split second and he'll just kind of sneaks off to the side and has this wide open three to quench the game. I don't think that happens with Clay. Well part of it also is hed gets the rid of the ball. Effing cool immediately like oh my, I it felt very irrational confidence except for he is a 40, you know, plus percent three point shooter over his career.


And he is, what is he now? He is just under 50% so far this season. Isn't he? Is he having a gr a great start to the season? Oh, he's, I mean he's having one of the great crazy seasons anyone's had. He's, yeah, I mean we're on seven games in 22 points. A game through 20. Yeah, he is eight games in. But I think the Warriors thing is real. I like the way Draymond's playing too. I I think this is, he's, you know, hasn't caused any drama. We'll see if that continues. But he was a role player last night. I play, but he still looks good. He still, they run stuff through him. He always knows what Curry is. I like watching him. I think that the ball movement's great and they can get stopped. So I'm taking them seriously. And guess what? So is, so is Vegas.


Well FanDuel had them all the way up to 49 and a half. They, their, their wind total moved all the way up there. News I said on The Ringer gambling show news, it's up to 50 and a half now. Oh well 49 and a half isn't under and 50 and a half isn't under because this thing works. As long as Steph Curry is upright and healthy and it's still asking a lot, a lot of buddy hed and, and Wiggins, like those guys have to be able to do it for a full season. It's been a minute since we've seen that. The value was before the year when it was 43 and a half for the division they are plus 1 95 and Phoenix is plus 1 55.


I was going through some of the division stuff today because I'm in Boston. I actually made a bet. I did Celtics OKC in Cleveland Fun. Which, which was plus 1 52 as a division parlay. You didn't send that to me. You know, I'm, I am, I'm allowed to bet here in Washington DC i's gonna break the news two right here. Okay. Most shocking division bet is the southeast Miami is minus 1 0 5 in Orlando is plus one 15. I don't see the Miami thing at all. I said it Tuesday, they lost another dumb game yesterday. They, to me they, there's some sort of trade We didn happen and I know Palo's out and I know Orlando's gonna have trouble scoring but still defensively they're so good. You know, they're over unders down to 42 and a half. I'm actually, I'm buying Orlando stock. I don't feel like there's seasons, I mean in the tanked by any means, I'd rather have Atlanta at whatever number they're at than than Miami to win that division.


Jesus. Well I, yeah, well, I mean because of the, the potential upside, I think the upside for Atlanta is still there. There is no upside for Miami there. There's there, there in, in the, the, what is it? It's not downside. They're in hold side, it's neutral side. They're in no side. In no side side. And then it, there's no side and then it's 12 to one for that division. That's worth worth. But they've had a bunch of injuries already. Right? Right. I mean we're eight games in's a team that I really like that team conference odds. The only ones that jumped out to me that seemed different and still not adjusted enough. Were Cleveland's still nine to one for the conference. Which seems Go ahead. Which, go ahead. No issue.


That's a hedge. But that's like, let's say they make the Eastern finals and they're playing the Celtics. That line is not gonna be Cleveland plus 900. No, no. It's a great hedge ticket to have. If that finals comes to pass like Eastern conference finals comes to pass. I thought it was gonna be like five to one and then Golden State is 15 to one in the west. I won't do that. I will say they would match up with OKC pretty nicely in the series. They have the same kind of like depth and athleticism. I also think they have a trade to make, they do not have the same kind of depth as Oklahoma City. If they have a, if there's a trade then then they, the button 10 guys, no. Ok C'S the best team in the West. I'm just saying they, they could at least have a puncher's chance of I'm not being Spider-Man me on it.


I'm not gambling on buddy healed. And, and, and Andrew wi not doing it. Boston OKC is a final, it's still plus six 50 MVP odds, which I'm not allowed to bet on. I always, I forgot to say that, but the, the one that stuck out to me was Durant is still 19 to one and if you watch these crunch times, he's been the best guy in crunch time in the league. Keeps doing it. He just keeps doing it. But that something's gonna potentially be a one or a two seat. I was just surprised. I thought his odds would be better. Curry's one 50 to one, which seems too high too, I wouldn't bet it. But the rookie of the year re she is plus three 50 Edie's plus three 50 and then your two guys are the next two guys. Bub Carrington plus five 50 and SARS plus six 50.


The fuck. Well, here's the thing, Washington, those guys are starting, they're playing. I know they're putting, they're getting missed. I'm, I'm gonna lose my BOUs bet because Chicago is playing too hard. They're trying to win. They're not letting that kid get the time that I thought they, that he was gonna get. And meanwhile all your kids are playing. They sure are. I I wouldn't bet on any of those. No. Rookie of the year is like you just love gambling if you're betting on that this year. So defensive player of the year, chet's at plus two 90, which I thought was notable because wee's even odds now his odds have dropped. But Chet's been awesome as a rim protector anchor of that defense. So I just thought those odds seem high to me. Well, weby at at what, what did he start off?


Wasn't he minus Oh yeah, he was minus. Yeah. So even odds. But it's probably like, you know now, now we're in the territory of a good price for Weby. You know, Jacoby Jacob, our friend Jacoby's on the Mismatch now of Veno. Love it, love it, love it. It's been a very entertaining podcast. But he's he's zagging hard against Wema as like we're we're giving this guy too many kudos. Where are the results? Why do they play him like a point guard? He's doing all this stuff. It's good. It's a good bit. I love So he's Luma. Oh, get it on the shirt, I'll wear it. Oh, but but he is basically saying we've, his jacoby's theory is we've given him too much too soon.


He's like the the favorite kid who the parents are just giving him everything and telling him how great he is. And Jacoby said he's basically like homeschooled. He's like a homeschooled kid that everybody's telling him how great he is and he is had no adversity yet. And there's no repercussions for poor play down the stretch. I listen, I'm just saying I was enjoying the bit. It's a great bit and I'm, I'm here for it and I will wear a shirt that says, says a loose Bama. Weby Loose Bama. Yeah. Weby doesn't seem any better than last year because they won't put him in the fucking paint ever. They, they're eight game in a little closer to the rim. No, it's let him be, let, let's ha let him, did you watch the Olympics? Was he fucking shoot 25 ERs? He's not a good three point shooter. He was good in the Olympics.


Was he in the Olympics? He was because he was near the rim. So let the kid, let the kid just get, you know, we we're not out there to win any awards. The first 10 games of the effing season. Listen, there's no pressure on me. This is Jacoby's bit, I'm, these are not my opinions. Coach of the year. Kenny Atkinson is plus three 40 and Ker six to one. Those were the two that jumped out to Great. Alright. The over under is Quick Celtics and OKC up to 59 and a half. Cleveland's 53 and a half now. Golden State's 50 and a half. As we mentioned, the Lakers are holding firm at 45 and a half. I dunno if you saw yesterday, but we've, we've already entered the, it's all Dean Angelo Russell's fault part of the season. Which November 7th. Seventh. I didn't think it was gonna be. Yeah, I didn't think it was gonna be until Thanksgiving.


I was disappointed. I I I had it already for Thanksgiving week and Turkey and when we did over unders, I hated the 42 and a half because 43 wins is so few 43 and 39. Yeah. With those two guys on the team. I am gonna buy some under 45 and a half now. I'm gonna go ahead and do it. That seems too, too high. I I I mean 'cause I'm gonna, I feel like we're gonna lose the 42 and a half, but, so because they're gonna win 43 or 44 or 45, which is fine, but not 46. I mean that's really the, the wager. It's kind of dumb. But that, that's what I think you take Davis outta that lineup and it's a layup line. Yeah. Is exactly right. They, I mean they have just negative defenders all over the place and the three point shooting's not awesome and that team's a mess.


So there's a trade, we'll still to happen. Nets are up to 21 and a halfs. The ones that dropped the hawks are down to 32 and a half. Oh. Which I thought was fascinating. Utah down to 22 and a half. What? The hawks continue to be one of the worst against the spread teams. Like we thought, oh that was just last year's aberration. It's still the same. God dammit. New Orleans is 40 and a half. Orlando is 42 and a half and then Milwaukee and Philly are down to 45 and a half each. And now Max's out. I don't know what to do about Philly. I'm taking the l on our season over under thing. But how do you bet Philly Now what's, what's the, the angle Don't do anything.


Dund texted me today asking if Philly is now the year from health team and I texted him back. I think that was the case two days ago, even before the Maxi thing. Wow. All of this will be so far in the rear view mirror. If they arrive come like the second week of March, third week of March, and those three guys are healthy and they're they're gonna be in the play in right. They're gonna be like the seven eight seed, which will be fine. Yeah. They'll win and then they're gonna be an unbelievable matchup against Boston or Cleveland. Oh. Or the Knicks bring them on in the first round.


I, Boston has got their number, but Cleveland or the Knicks in the first round against Philly. I mean we just had it, we had it, the, the, the Knicks Philly in the first round this, this most recent year. Philly under 45 and a half minus one 20 on Fle. I got it. I mean I got, I'm gonna have to do it. I have to do it. I have to buy outta my position. And then Milwaukee also 45 and a half. Which seems still high though. Jannis will make a, some sort of run at some point. Yeah. You mean a run to another team? You finally believe got me believing that FanDuel has the Celtics to record 70 plus wins in 24 25. This is I think a Boston only bet.


17 to one. I don't see it with the brown outing. Okay, so you can talk me into even last night that Denver game. I don't know if you saw it, but I did. Denver basically had the game and then OKC just turned into a bunch of maniacs and cut it to one and Caruso was running around like, he was like a rabid pit bull just like disrupting absolutely everything. And then they all of a sudden they had a chance to win. I didn't love the possession. I thought SGA waited too long and then got this like weird lefty scoop shop that Watson, I thought they shoulda won that game. It was a nice block by the Watson kid. It was, but it took extraordinary effort by by Denver. It, it took a a, a throwback Westbrook to make it almost blow the game.


Yeah, yeah. Well, to, to take the, lead them below game. Yeah. They got a 29, 6 and six from Westbrook. Okay. So we have to turn in Ringer 100 and I just wanted to go over the top 25 with you and then we'll go, this is what I have. I sent it to you in advance and I I like, I like this list. We take this list seriously. It's not like the ESPN list. We actually like put real thought into the rankings. So I have Yage one, Don two, and Giannis three we're good at this point, right? Yeah. Yes, yes. SGA four. Yeah. Still good.


Still good. Tatum has to be five. I don't care what happened in the Olympics. The, the, the shit that that guy does do night to night as a point forward in that team. His defensive stuff, his rebounding, the fact that he's the anchor of a team that won the title and is a 65 66 win team. Potentially. I don't know how he's not fifth. I I don't, I'm not arguing with you. It's fine. Curry sixth. Sure. Durant seventh. So here, here's the thing that I just want to make sure that we, we, we talk through having both those guys ahead of Anthony Edwards. Yep. Who is I I think still even with the, you know, the Slowish start for Minnesota, isn't he still the best two-way player in in the game?


Yeah. Him and Giannis. Right. So I have Edwards eighth and I have Jalen Brunson ninth and I have Anthony Davis 10th and Edwards was the hardest one to figure out. But I think it, to me it comes down to Durant and Curry have the resume that Edwards is still building and I just wasn't ready to to have him jump those guys yet. You know what's funny is, and I'm not accusing you of this, but in my mind's eye, having just watched the Olympics and watching them be the big brothers to him. Yeah. He, he was the little brother on that team and his, his role was vital. His contribution was, was tremendous. But watching those two guys when it was night, night time, it, it was, you know, Curry especially, I'm not gonna, that's why Quibb the legacy of it.


I'm not gonna quibble, I'm not gonna quibble Jalen Brunson nine Davis 10. I I thought what was interesting about this part of the exercise, that's clearly the top 10. Yes. And you could quibble about, oh should, could Tatum be switch with Durant? You could go through and you could fight me on any of that stuff. Fine. Yeah. I think that has to be the top 10. I, I like, I have Mitchell 11 and Booker 12 and I don't think they, they're sniffing that top 10. Not not on my list. I like both of them. They're not in the top 10. All right. I have Palo 13, I have Jalen 14 and I have LeBron 15. Okay.


And pretty incredible. Jalen versus Palo. Palo. I'm not gonna ding him 'cause he is hurt. He got an injury, he'll be back, he'll be fine. But I just think for what we were watching him do with Orlando, it's a tiny step higher than what Jalen can do. But Jalen has to be a top 15 guy for me at this point. Finals. MMPI would say so. Yeah then and LeBron it's like you 22, it's the, he it's the best. He's the coolest. Yeah. I don't you could, you could tell me he should be five spots lower. Nah, it seems right. 15 seems right for nah because he could still do what he did last night.


He put up 39. I wanna say it respectfully but the guy's like right behind him in this list not putting Yeah he bitch he's not, not putting bitch ass. I'm, I won't say any names. I had it LeBron, come on. So I have, this is another interesting cluster. 16, 17, 18, WEMA, Saboni, adema 'cause of the defense and all these on off stats with just how destructive he is defensively Saboni I think has to be in the top 20 for what he's doing night tonight. Aaba was the one where I was like almost ready to shove him out of the top 20. I don't think he's looked good this year. I haven't Super trying to give, give him the benefit, the doubt. Right.


Well 'cause he is earned it and because his defensive metrics re remain. I mean I don't know what they are through these first seven or eight games, but like the underrated quiet part of his game, how he inflicts his will on games, it doesn't show through box score wise and it doesn't even really show through when you're sitting and watching. Except for that he tilts the floor defensively for them. That's how they live up winning mid forties. I don't know man who, who like the names you have behind him don't deserve to be ahead of him. In my humble opinion. Well I have towns six spots behind him and he kicked his ass last week, you know. Okay. I'll keep him at 18. Okay, Fox then I have a bunch of guards. Fox 19, John Moran 20, maxi 21 and Kyrie 22.


I think Kyrie has been a professional now for two years and you know, he's 23 to 26 a game and makes 40% of his threes. And you could go to at the end of the games, I I you gotta hand it to him. The one that I think is going to make a leap and make us really work hard is Tyree whenever he comes back from this hamstring injury 'cause he is sick. What a, what a, I mean speaking of guys with two-way potential. Yeah. You put Maxi Morant and Fox and that's a nice little battle for out of those three guys, who would you rather have? Hmm. Jalen Williams at 23. Carl Anthony Towns up to 24.


I've been really impressed with him on the Knicks. On the one hand it shouldn't surprise us that it's working except for, on the other hand it's Carl Anthony Towns that it's working. But you, you know what the revelation has been and it's not a revelation 'cause we've seen him do it, but he's kind of, this is the position he should be is a stretch five on a team like this. Not playing with Rudy Gobert even though the Rudy Gobert thing worked and they almost made the finals. But I just, I love what I've seen with him in Brunson. Yeah, well that's the, you got to the Brunson part. The Brunson part is the part to say out loud. Yeah. 'cause he is playing with the top three point guard. Point guard. Real point guard.


Chet 25. I think he's a top 25 guy now. I'm, I mean you're not gonna hear me argue to the contrary, he, he came out on fire with a commitment to the defensive end. That was the project for the summer when they, when they, when they broke, you know, it's like, Che, here's what we want you to do this summer.


Yeah. A keep eating, go to go to Arby's once a week and, but b here's we, we wanna see some rim protect, we wanna see those rotations, so can you work on that? And he showed up. He is like, Hey, I'm here, I'm, I'm doing my rotations. Watch me coach Chet eat this deep fried Turkey from Turkey sandwich from Arby's.


So after that then it's another drop off and we could argue, and I'm not gonna go through everybody, but that's, you go into this Jimmy Butler, Halliburton and Bead, no idea where to put him anymore. No idea how many games, games he's playing to do him. Right. James Harden good. I dunno where to put him. Good job by Harden this year Market then Zion, Paul George, like, then it gets complicated. But I do think that's the top 25 in some order. I love it. It's great. When do we get to do again? Alright, do do you have your notes on this? No, because it's so early and we're just sort of like trying to be measured, trying to have a little bit of a, a, a proper reaction. I like that you gave some extra credit to the O OGs because of how they gave, gave another gold medal to America.


Like that aspect of it. But this is, you know, it's a, it's constantly evolving. It's constantly a work in progress and it's gonna be fun to, like when we do this again in a month, what's it gonna look like? Like who are the most likely to drop out and who's most likely to jump in? So the big storylines coming out of this exercise is that I think the top 10 is unassailable now. At least for right now. Yeah, that's, we have a top 10. Yo Don Giannis, SGA, Tatum Curry, Durant Edwards, Brunson Davis, those are the 10 best guys in the league right now. And then I think Townsend Holmgren moving in the top 25 is significant. That's great. I would've had the, I had those guys in the thirties this summer and then Wim Bema who I had 10 heading into the season dropping a 16, not nothing either.


So there that's Jacoby. We'll see. maybe Maybe. Jacobi's gonna, Jacobi's gonna be a Skip Bayless. He's gonna, I he's gonna start every show A Luz BMA attack. Jacobi Bayless house. Thanks for sticking with us for two hours. I had a good time. Always the best time. Thanks buddy. All right. Good luck Lin. All right, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Steve Saud and Kyle Creighton for producing. As always, thanks to Joe House and Danny Heifetz and I will return on this podcast on Sunday night with Cousin Sal. you can watch us on YouTube as well on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel.


Don't forget about our new ringer special section within FanDuel's NFL page as well. if you want some last minute bets for it the weekend, try to enjoy the weekend. Hang in there. I'll see you on Sunday night. Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino are 18 plus and President DC gambling problem. Call 100 GAMBLER or visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here is a gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or Text Hope NY in New York.