
Hey, we did a podcast five years ago called Break Stuff about the 25th anniversary of Woodstock 99. It was awesome. Eight episodes hosted by Steve Hyden. We turned it into a documentary eventually for the Music Box series on HBO. And now that podcast is available wide. Go search for it on Spotify or wherever. Get your podcasts. It's called Break Stuff. Check that it's great.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA. Michelob. ULTRA good for many things. Camping Barbecues cheering on your favorite team. Hanging out on a nice summer night, which I just did actually on Friday night. Just sitting outside just having a beer And. guess what? Michelob. ULTRA because they sent me a bunch of Michelob ULTRA and it's really good And. there were only a couple left and I was mad. 'cause every time we put it in the fridge, somebody drinks it. But it was delicious. Be sure to stock up for the summer. Enjoy Michelob. ULTRA Superior Light Beer. Order a pack of Michelob ULTRA today. Have it delivered through doordash.com. LDA 21 and up.


This episode is brought to by Uber Reserve. You know it's a game changer for travel. Booking my ride in advance to the airport with Uber Reserve. Uber Reserve makes it easy to plan my whole trip. I just did this. Booking rides up to 90 days in advance to Hope. Squeeze the most outta traveling. Especially if you're doing odd hours rush hours like early in the morning. You gotta do it. Plus, with Uber Reserve, you'll get an assigned driver. You get upfront pricing and you get extra wait time included. So go ahead plan like a pro. Reserve your Uber ride up to 90 days in advance. See app for details.


The Bill. Simmons Podcast is brought to you by The Ringer. Podcast Network. Where you can find against all odds with Cousin. Sal. Yeah. you can find the Bill Simmons channel on YouTube. Go search for it.


And we are also brought to you by FanDuel Sportsbook. Where? What is that thing they gave us on FanDuel's app? They give us like a nice little Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I'll find it's, it's called, what do they call it? It's, they call it Guess the Lines with Bill and Sal. But I think that's gotta be a coincidence. You think it's, you don't think that's real? I'm not a conspiracy person. Yeah. What tab is that under though? It's like, it's Right under the Futures Fusion Betting Ads. Futures Fusion. Look for us, you'll see a bunch of the props and odds that we talk about on this A FC Part One podcast that's coming up. We're else. We'll be doing an NFC part two later in the week. This is the annual over under podcast FanDuel giving all customers two profit boosts on NFL futures starting Friday, eight 30 and going through next week. They let us add a bunch of custom parlay bets in the future. Fusion wow. Plus batters can build fun player props combos using the parlay builder. My favorite picks will be highlighted on FanDuel and on my social feed. And you can boost those picks with profit Boost or boost your own. What is it? So we can we create these categories and then we bet on 'em and we lose and it'll be our fault. And then other people get to join. Oh, that's great. Not in the losing and in the win, right? Oh, the win. Yeah. That's a collaborative. Yeah. We're gonna hope win. Yeah, let's win this year. All right, let's do it.


A FC over under is the annual PO coming up next for our friends from Pearl Jab. All right. We are taping this on a Tuesday afternoon in Los Angeles, California. Home of two NFL teams home of Guest Alliance since 2007. Wow. Home of me and Cousin Sal. We're back baby. I love it. I love it. I love it. I gave nephew Kyle a the biggest hug you can even imagine.


I think that counts as third base. Yeah. He doesn't have a ton of intimacy in his family. I don't know There did you, did you handle that? All right. He's got it now. I don't know. You're not a big hugging family Kyle. I did what I had to do. We got through that hug this way. This is great for me. I was accused of being a half hugger when I was in situ with my buddy Sully's wife. Really? I gave her a full hug and she's like, that was a good hug. 'cause you've always been a half hugger. Yeah. And I was like, that's kind of the deep down most insulting thing anyone said to me. It's also very weird because it's like, what am I supposed to do to throw you in the bathroom here? Like what's going on? if you want like a full body. Yeah. So I don't know. I lean in that. Yeah, I know. I'm not gonna like full hugger Kyle used Anyway, shout out to Robin Sullivan. The point we are here. Yeah. It's exciting football.


It's great for you two. You don't have to talk about these nonsensical NBA trades. They're never gonna happen Second freaking apron. C You don't have to do the NBA whole thing anymore. I told you I'm now more on the NFLI love It's, I love it. Well it's a super fun season 'cause we had these rookie QBs. Yeah we have embattled QBs. We have a QB in Dallas who doesn't have a contract yet. It's fun. We have some really bad QBs. It's, it's all over the map. We're gonna start with the A ffc. Alright. And Sal and I do every year is we do the over unders. Yeah. I feel like we didn't invent over unders, but I feel like we were the first content brand to really be like we're going all in on picking over unders. And this is gonna be an actual given. I'm say we invented over unders and we invented Come I credit, lemme just say this one thing.


We, okay. Last year you were better than me. 17 and 15. I was 16 and 16. This guy Chris Haynes is a big fan of ours. Happy birthday. We are 25 and 12 over the last two years on teams. We agree on whether they're old or under. Wow. So did we do locks last year? 'cause I have some locks. I wanna do this. I think we did too. Yeah. Okay. 25 and 12. I was only 17 and 15 last year. It's disappointing. Yeah. I had some bad ones. I might be over prepared, which is usually a bad sign for me. But we're gonna go over, we're gonna start with the A FC East, A division that I have stared at over and over again. We have jets and dolphin fans in our life. Yeah. The Dolphin fans are very testing, including John Dre. I love it. I love the back and forth on our texts.


One thing has changed in this division since we started this two month process. The jets have become the favorite. The New York football jets, they're now the favorite. They're plus one 60 to win the division. Okay. They're over under his nine and a half wins in a 17 game season. A lot of juice on that. Minus 1 62 minus one 70 to make the playoffs. Plus eight 50 to be the one seat if you wanna get frisky. I hate that. I like it. Jesus. That's where I've landed. I hate that. I like it. They have a ton of talent. I kept coming back to this number. So yeah, seven in 10 last year. Yeah. Their quarterback last year couldn't win the backup quarterback job on a team with Jared Stenham and Bo Nix.


He's the third string quarterback. Zach Wilson on that team. That's who their quarterback was last year. I didn't even, other people played. I can't even name some of the people they had, but it's just hard for me to believe with a much better offensive line that they spent money on with Brie Hall two years outta the ACL with Rogers coming back, it's hard for me not to believe that they don't get to 10 11 wins. Ugh. This is the tricky one, right? There's a bunch that are at nine and a half and you're like, oh, that's easy to go 10 or that's easy to go nine. I think this is asking too much to go over nine and a half at minus 1 62. And I know this has now become personal with me and Aaron Rogers. This is not his me, his my cousin. We're not giving big hugs like I did to nephew Kyle. But You wouldn't do ayahuasca with him.


Wouldn't do Ayahuasca with him. Ayahuasca let's, let's think about it though. Like when was he Alaska good? Oh, oh we, let's play the art show. Sure. I have all this data. He hasn't been good in three years. And then there's some other old QB stuff. Dan Marino age 38. Yeah. 12 tds 17 picks his final year far of age. 41 11 tds 19 picks. Right. Manning 2015 when they won the Super Bowl, he was 39 years old. TDS 17 picks. But it does get a little better The last decade Breeze who I always felt we were betting against every week and who felt like he couldn't complete a 10 yard out. Mm. His stats were pretty good the last couple years he played, he only missed five games when he was 40. He only missed 40.


He was 41. Made the playoffs one of those years. He's A Guest on Cousin Sal's winning weekend this week. Oh there you So I'm not gonna say anything bad about it. And Phil Rivers age 39 24 TDS 11 picks in that last year. So the recent precedent says it's not crazy that Rogers will be okay, But in 2022 he, I think he threw like seven touchdowns in seven interceptions in his last five games and then lost that game to Detroit. Yeah. Look, I think we're spoiled by Tom Brady and like Mick Jagger, like that these guys go on forever and they do what they do. And so Roger Asked to thing Diane Lane. I throw Diane Lane in too. She was great. Yeah. Throw Diane Lane in. Yeah, for sure. But I, I don't, I just, I'm not, I'm not seeing it with him. I don't know. And also like if you had to bet over under 13 and a half games, he starts this guy who might go on a Ayahuasca retreat in Antarctica or Right.


Or Host Jeopardy in Egypt. I don't know what he is gonna do. His mind could be elsewhere. Plus the election coming out. Don't bet against him that week for sure. I don't know. I'm just not, I'm just not buying it. Somehow they have like one of the easier schedules but to start, start six primetime games. Yeah. So I don't know. The league did 'em a favor. Yeah. It's a, it's fairly easy the first few weeks and then it gets a little choppy for them. But especially with the San Francisco game in week one that we'll be doing on Guest the lines on Sunday. Yeah. That's a game in week 10. I wouldn't like it for them, but I like catching San Francisco in week one. Right. We don't know if IU is gonna play Tr Williams still holding out. They they just could be one of those games. The the Jets are completely healthy at this point.


They got the Patriots twice. Right. They play Minnesota and they play Denver week five and week four. So they could be like four and one five. Oh after in London First five. Yeah. In London. They Got a hot seat coach and they're also the Jets. So, so The case against them, the Rogers age thing, they're the Jets. All the baggage the Jets have, which I think if you really unpack it, the Jets have had some good seasons. They've won, they've made a FFC title games. Sure. They won playoff games in New England against Belichick. The, the talent is what I keep coming back to with them. Like I did the dumb talent rankings thing I do every year. They're A great fantasy team. I Had six of their 11 starters I have marked down as like pink chipper, red chipper, boot chipper, Pink chip.


Paul was Pink's a call of a chip a good chip man? Yeah. Well I, I like, I've used different colors. Love Red. Alright. Breese Hall is the number one pick in every fantasy draft right now. 'cause McCaffrey got hurt. Yeah. Wilson's the seventh best receiver, the eighth best receiver. Their offensive line I had as like they, it's not one of the top five but it's definitely in the sixth to 10 range. So it's a great spot for Rogers. And if you, if you're really gonna dig him, you're just gonna say Robert Sau, if they'd hired me Vrabel, they would've won the Super Bowl. And I get that logic. But if he's just wearing defense, that's it. And it's like Rogers take the offense. I know nothing about offense. I'm just gonna coach this defense and be like fired up guy on the sidelines. They did go seven in 10 with Zach Wilson. All right. But they beat the commanders, the Jets, the Giants last year that game was pathetic.


Nobody wanted on the Patriots had hung it up. So there's some weird wins there. I I look they're not gonna be terrible. I think they're nine and 18 and that's why I just have 'em under, One of the things I like about the division bet is you can swing against it week five. There's a couple teams like this this year. Yeah. They could be four and one five and oh after five weeks potentially. And then there's gonna be good value on some of the other teams. And Maybe, you just zag the other way. But to me, I think there's one playoff team in this division, that's where I landed and it was them versus Buffalo and Miami. And we'll talk about Buffalo in a second, but I just think that they had less variables for me. Like when you have that much talent, what has to go wrong?


Basically you have to have Rogers go out three plays into week one last year or you have to have salad just be a complete disaster and cost them a couple games. Other than that, I couldn't really say the turf. The turf causes so many, so many injuries for Judge Bur, I just couldn't see a ton of ways it could go wrong for them. I Guess I oversimplified it and said Rogers isn't as good as we remember him and but I think that's fair Jet might not be right. Yeah. So nine wins seem more likely than 10. I don't think they've taken the torch from Buffalo. I don't think there's more to dislike about Buffalo Jet. Well let's talk about Buffalo. There's the Jets. Yeah. Buffalo's over is 10 and a half, which has a lot of juice on it now the other way it's plus 1 34. So they, they want you to think Buffalo's gonna limit it at six.


Right. They're plus 1 95 to win the division, which at the start of like August was plus one 60. So nobody's betting that they're plus 1 26 to miss the playoffs. They're right in that zone that we're gonna cover a little later of, there's always one or two teams from like plus 1 25 to plus like one 60 that just don't make it. And you just wanna grab the right ones. They're plus two 70 for the wild card that I thought was tasty. And then if you wanna get super crazy under seven F wins is plus two 60. But oh come on. Last year there were 11 and six and all six losses were six points or less. Yeah. Last five years. They're 58 and 24 and Alan is either the second, third, or fourth best quarterback in the world.


Depending on where you have him, I would probably have him second or third. This is the year we find out how good he is. 'cause the team they, they have like 60 million bucks in wasted cap space. They had a bunch of dudes leave. Bunch of their safeties are gone. Their center's gone. Top two receivers are gone. They got 60 million in dead cap space. It's all telling us this team's gonna suck and yet I don't wanna pick Josh Allen to be in single digits. Yeah. And I don't know why you would like, I think every year we start this podcast looking for a way to not pick Buffalo. I don't know why we don't wanna like him. It's like that's a little like Tom Cruise. Like why do people not wanna like this guy Josh Allen's doing his own stunts. I like Tom Cruise. That's fair. I know, right. Of course he Solved the feud with you and Jeff Ross.


Exactly. Guy carried A lot of weight with me. He brought movies back. Exactly. Taught us about Scientology. Of Course. Of course. So he's Tom Cruise. We have Tom Cruise playing quarterback for the best team in the division. He taught Us about motion that Did you see that PSA He did with Christopher Macquarie. Oh right, yeah. Yeah. About motion on your tv, how you should turn it off so the movie's experienced Tom Cruise does some good work. You wouldn't bet against that guy. I wouldn't. I wouldn't. There were box office numbers. You against Be there under a high contest or a slam dunk contest. That's a Better, yeah. All right. That's fine. But still gonna do it with Buffalo. I look they've won three consecutive a F, C East titles. Like we wanna pick against them. And I feel like unlike the others, they needed to win five games down the stretch in a row to make the playoffs. And we all knew they were gonna do it.


Yeah. We all knew they would do it. 'cause they have this extra gear. They get better when it gets colder. You can't say that for any other team And they're not the Jets. So I love it. I think replacing Digs and Davis is Addition. Yeah. Both of by subtraction. Yeah. Both. Neither of us Like digs. Yeah. Digs. We'll get to Houston later on. But that could Be a mess. I thought this team had a little bit of an odor to them. Good or bad? Bad. Oh I milano when he went out until December. Right. Because that was like Milano's gonna be back. He's healthy. At least they have him. He's so good. He does something that and then now he's out. Right. That pushed me over the edge with it. And I actually have them under 10 and a half because I think 11 is too, they could still win 10.


They could still go 10 and seven. So I'm not even necessarily betting against that. Yeah. But 11 and six with the amount of like new blood, they have new captains, all these rookies, they're leaning on all these receivers who's their number one receiver. Everyone's like Shaki watch out for him. It's like I've watched Shaki the last couple years. Like we have no idea if that dude can Handle that. Yeah. Better stats and digs last year. I get it. I mean it's gonna be Keon Coleman, the FSU rookie and rookie. Curtis. Samuel. So rookie Receiver, that's the you on This. I just feel like it does, gets it done. Josh Allen. It doesn't really matter who's out there. Like they, they get it. They figure it out. Well they have no room for error for him. If there's like a four week Josh on injury. Yeah. Their offensive line is, is a hundred percent worse. And it's interesting.


I was, I've been going on the team Reddits and 99% of the time it's useless. But then occasionally there'd be a thread where somebody's like, Hey guys, what do you guys think? And people just lay out these compelling cases. Right. And it's interesting with the Buffalo fans, I think they all feel like this is potentially a throwaway here for them. Where it's like McDermott just gets fired if it doesn't work out. Wow. But on the other hand, they're all kind of like, you can't count us out either. 'cause if this guy hits and this guy hits and we have Josh and new assistants and Maybe Vibe. There was one play away from making the Super Bowl. Right. Like they wanna Yeah. They won a game against Steelers. That chief's game could have been anyone's like, I don't, I don't think this is a rebuilding year at all. They end against New England, the Jets and then at New England again, they have your team two out of th the last three.


So probably, well Can I give you their last two years of playoff games? Yeah. Games. They barely beat Skyler Thompson. They got smoked by Cincinnati. Completely manhandled. They beat Pittsburgh in round one. Yeah. Chief's game was close. Yeah. Choked at home. Yeah. Choked at home against Casey. Right. And I just wondered, and I feel this, we're gonna talk to San Francisco in part two, but sometimes you miss your window and that would be my fear with them. Maybe they just got passed by the Jets. I think the Jets have just way more talent. Alright. if you line up their roster side by side, Josh is the only reason to pick Buffalo. So I Think he starts six more games than Aaron Rogers this year.


This is a Gutty Team. Well that's the thing. I see. That's why I, I hate this division because I'm now stuck with big shop Bob s Yeah. And Rogers who has three Years. You're stuck with them. Yeah. And now I, now I'm stuck with that as a pick. But By the way, I don't believe that you're going on the team Reddit page. This is something you're Slack guys. I do. I go on the teams Kyle, There's no way. No, I go into teams. I have a whole thing. I have an A, FC, Reddit with all the bookmarks. Really? Well just 'cause I wanna make sure I'm not missing anything. But not with every team. That Might be more pathetic than what I do here. Filling out every single win. Every single game for every team. My family won't even talk to me anymore 'cause I know all this nonsense. Look, I'm gonna show You my bookmarks. NFL 2024.


What? There's my A FC, Reddit and my NFC Reddit and my NFL Reddit I have under for the bills. Okay. And you have over, I'm Going slightly over. Yeah. So You're going 11 wins for them. Yeah. 11 and six. So this is not good. So, so far we disagree on the on the two. Yeah. But that's, we knew we would hate this division. We're gonna agree on this next team. The Miami Dolphins, I don't know Over is nine and a half. Yeah. Juice on that. Minus 1 34. Their division is plus two 10. Plus nine 50 would be the number one seed if you wanna go 11 plus wins for them. That's plus one 60. if you wanna go the other way, do under eight and a half. That's plus 1 66. I wrote for every team I wrote better, worse, better was unclear for me with the Dolphins, I can't, I couldn't really think of a way they got better.


Unless you're saying Vic Fangio is the defensive coordinator. It was so bad that now they're better off and there's new but worse. Like they lost Wilkins. Right. You know their entire middle of their defensive line, he's gone. Two have lost a bunch of weight. That makes me nervous. Last year was like two has gotta get bigger. He is gotta withstand now it's like he's back to, boy. I'm glad I didn't lose that weight. I talked about soon as from talking about me behind my back. He gave the weight to you. Yeah. Phillips And Chubb both coming off major injuries. Phillips is playing. Chubbs is out first four weeks. Last year they were one in six against 2023 playoff teams and their two best receivers got paid. I just don't like a lot when you throw in the schedule.


I am a, I'm a pretty easy under for the dolphins. Hmm. But you got, I think it's sometimes it's hard for us to separate the playoff version of its team and the regular season. And this is the Dolphins are the a FC Cowboys. Right? Like you, you know what you're gonna get in January, but they were 11 and six better. They have an owner who thinks they better. He's also the gm. Yes, he's the gm. They have a coach. They're only paying three guys. Oh, I guess that part's true. They're Head coach is auditioning for John Travolta's drug dealer in Pulp Fiction two or something. I don't What does, what does he look like? Mike McDaniel Dr. The way he dresses. It's great. I Thought he looked like Brock Landers when we hit the eighties and he's filming the documentary for Amber Waves and he's just wearing the sunglasses and looks like he's just blown a big bowl of something.


That's Probably better. Yeah. Was that on dolphins? Reddit? I didn't see that on dolphins. Reddit Actually I like that. No, listen, I, here's, here's why. They're a good team. They have this cheat code in Tyreek Hill who's good for seven free points a game or a 40 yard bomb. A game that's a free play. Maybe two or three of those A game. A Kid a game. What? And a kid. Yes. I'm definitely a kid by halftime. Yeah. So a lot of kids, but I don't think like most, they're not gonna have 20 touchdowns and I get it. It's like that that stuff is gonna catch up to them. But they're a bad January team. They're not good in cold weather. But I do have, they're one of these nine and a halfs that I think could get to 10.


You really have to make a decision on it. So I'm not against it. If they get to 10, they're making the playoffs and there were just other teams I like better. Yeah. I still, you know, it's funny, football's weird where we're in, we're in the middle of it talking about it every day from September through January, right? Yeah. And then seven months passed and you just kind of forget shit. And I think Miami is one of those teams where like the last time we saw them, they were rolling over and dying against Kansas City. Terrible. They wanted no part of the cold weather. JJ who we watched the game with our, our friend who's Dolphins fan. I called the JJ Couch, the dead JJ couch that he just was basically sunk into as the game went on. There's like basically a chalk outline.


The couch's still there. Yeah. It was so bad. And now their team is worse. So what? So why am I supposed to get excited about them? Also, the leagues had like another, it's almost like what happened in the Eagles last year. The leagues had another year now to kind of figure out some of the shit they're doing and yeah, I just think the variance for them is shades the wrong way. But this is why I hate this division. if you told my Miami was gonna win the division, I wouldn't be shy. We Just know who's gonna be in fourth place, but we know it's gonna be in fourth place. Let points win games. Right. So they, they led in total offense, 40 plus points a game they led in yards per play last year. I still think that offense is there. I have them as a second half wo team because their schedule, they go home Jacksonville Home Buffalo on a Thursday night too, which is a nice advantage for them at Seattle Home Tennessee at Pat's.


And then a bi-week. But then right around week nine where we go at Buffalo at Rams. But then the last six games at Green Band a Thursday, home Jets at Houston, San Francisco at Cleveland, at the Jets. It's a gauntlet. Tough. And we see these teams, there's two every year that just die when they get to like week 10, week 11. They're kind of a candidate anyway, just 'cause of the type of team they have. And it's like a warm weather team. But this might Be one of your, like you talked about teams that get off to a hot start and then you can bet 'em to not make the playoffs if you like that. They should, they should be formal. Right? You zagged the other way on 'em. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm going under, they feel nine and eight to me.


And it could actually go worse if something happens to Tua. Yeah. Like we're just penciling in two now for 17 starts a year, right? I don't know. Something's off with that. I got 'em at 10. So if you have nine, 10. So we, we still, we still agreed screwing around. Still not. And I think we're gonna disagree here too. The case for them is that is like the Jets, they're loaded. Like they have Philip Baker, Howard Fuller, Ramsey Holland on on Defense. Those guys are all good. They got two good receivers. They have speed and the two a piece. So maybe they get out so strong September, October, then they could kind of hold on. Those last six weeks matters. I don't feel great about going under with them, but I'm gonna do it. I feel awesome about this next team. The New England Patriots. My beloved Pats the worst team I think we've had since I was, I hate this.


A senior in college. The offensive line is so bad and all the Pats fans have been talking about. And then finally they're on the last game of the year, Sunday night Collinsworth and to Rico, Drake May has a couple really nice throws of Oh Mike, oh my god, Mike, This kid. What what he seeing? How, how Did he do that? You gotta love the drink. Yeah, you gotta Love it. Hey this kid, he's 21 years old Mike. And then five minutes later he is running for his life on every single play. 'cause we have no left tackle, we have no right tackle and we have no center that can snap a ball. Now it was the backup center in there, but it is an absolute travesty. They have 50 million in cap space though, which I guess you can roll it over like it's a skin in golf.


Yeah. But the QB coach combo is in the bottom three in the league. Like I would, I would in my ranking system, I'll do a minus two if the QB or the coach is that bad. I did minus four for that combo. You don't like that He called out where he, he basically announced the starter where he didn't have to Jerry. Yeah. He's talking about how may is playing better than Bette. Yeah. But we'll see what happens. It's like, okay cool. So if you don't play May, that means you're telling us your offensive line is so terrifying that you don't wanna put your 21 euro old QB in front of it. But now you're just throwing this other guy outta the way. Like you can't Right. Talk about something like that. I have something for you. I have a little gift. This is so, no, don't get nervous. It's a, it's actually a nice gift. It's, it's somewhere between stupid and nice.


And it's gonna live in nephew Kyle's garage. I'm guessing like 10 minutes after this. But this is a pylon signed by Drake May. Really? Yep. Isn't that nice? Why are you laughing Kyle? It's a, it's a delightful gift. This is great. And then like anytime he dives for the pylon and loses the ball, you'll think of me, right? Or gets sacked by the pylon. So it Drake pylon. Yeah. How Did you get such A great thing? I, I know so many people. You're like Red and Shawshank. Unbelievable. Thanks Sal. No, of course. I love Drake. May and the only thing that matters to Susan is that Drake may doesn't get hurt. That he doesn't get put in a situation like what Carolina did to Bryce Young last year where they just threw him the wolves and he got the shit kicked out of him and ran for his life and had no skilled position guys.


Right. The pats have bottom three receivers in the league. Brit's probably the worst quarterback in the league or in the top three. And the offensive line has to be the worst. Wow. All right. They're terrible. So I'm looking at some of these bets. First of all, here's the sign for you. Like they're over is four and a half right now with some juice on the over, which I don't understand. The under for me is my first lock, worst record, which a month ago was plus five 50 is now plus two 60 on FanDuel. Yeah. Because of you, you're screaming about how bad they're gonna be. I said my fault They can't Block. When did you really turn up? I feel like you were maybe going over until the Judon trade Barmore were getting hurt.


There was a case for them to have a top five defense. Yeah. And Barmore went out with blood clots and he's the best guy in the defense. And once they did that, I think they decided to trade judon. Yeah. They needed both of those guys to have some push and some Okay. But that, listen, this was not gonna be a 10 win team. So you understand that's a probably a smart trade to get rid of Juda who was 32 Years old once Farmer went out. It was a great trade. It's Not gonna re resign. I'm not Against trade in Juda. Yeah. Got third round. Yeah. The, the offense is gonna be, I mean, I don't know what the record is for least amount of points. The, there were some crazy Jets numbers last year where I can't believe this. We're gonna talking Celtics week three 'cause you're already out on This. I I have all these. This is why we gamble. I'm gonna have, this is how I learned to gamble on college.


'cause the Patriots are terrible. Let Me make a case for that. Hey, can I do one more? Sure, Go ahead. Under three and a half wins is plus two 40. And I, and I think that might be my favorite bet of any future. Wow. I don't, I looked at their schedule and I honestly cannot come up with four wins. Oh, that's, I went through it a million times. There's A lot of winnable games. They're, they're, If the Jaguars are good and we'll talk about them in a second. They don't even have Seattle, giant Chicago Titans. I think Seattle's gonna be Goods Colts. These are not Titans. These are six, you know, anywhere from six to eight wins or maybe four. Who knows? They go to London, play Jacksonville. There's always a surprise in division. You know, they're gonna beat the jet somehow. I I, I don't think there's a lot of room if you take the under, I think like, Oh, could be room.


I, I take the under three and a half. I mean, I'm still gonna have room Those steam, those winnable games. I haven't met five and 12. I could be wrong, but I think they play with a little pride for, I'm going under lock. Wow. The only other person who seems to see what I'm seeing is Lombardi. And that there's this whole Belichick thing to it too, where Belichick, He's a Belichick Guy. He's the worst drafter free agent due to this decade. Probably in the NFL. Like no, nobody missed on more picks and did more dumb signings. I I fully concede that. But their defense was for what? For losing Gonzalez and Judon early in the year. It Was still, it was top 10 and not having an offense. Their defense kept them in every single game. And now they have Mayo who's never coached before.


Pretty inexperienced coaching staff. Alex Van Pelt, who's the offensive coordinator Cleveland fired last year. Right. You know, they're gonna have a bottom cov Five or six Coaching staff. They're gonna be tough to stay in the top 10 defensively. But I, and they Can, some names they have no home field advantage either. Sal people aren't gonna go to these games. Oh, He call me Sal. I know he's serious now. Shit. Sal, what did I Ask? Well, just to call me out by name or, Well, I'm just like, that's how serious this is. No, I used your, I used your first name Because I, I understand. It does seem like Barmore Barmore and then Judon getting traded. Like, and they used eight of their nine draft picks on offensive players. Which is not Patriots way at all. So, it seems like they're going the wrong way. Well, And the other thing they really, they needed a left tackle.


They had I think like the third pick in the third round. Yeah. And they should have traded up and taken the guy, the, the, the chiefs ended up taking who went like at like second to last pick in the second round. Who everybody's like, this guy's awesome. He's gonna be our left tackle for 10 years. It's like, of course the chiefs have outwitted. They did it again. Somebody again, They kind of did it to the bills too. If this is worthy guy works out and they traded That. Yeah. Right. So, all right, here's, I think it be rough. You can get 'em at a hundred to one for the a FC or 300 to one to win the Super Bowl. Do you just do the 300 and then hedge once they make the Super Bowl? Or do you do the, why are you Doing this to me? This is So unfair. 'cause I have like one year where I'm able to do it one year. We've been bad this whole decade.


I'm I'm picking you over. I think you get to five. Wow. So We disagree. Oh yep. All four. Four. Every single AFCs team. Yep. Jesus. Look, I'm gonna be wrong, but about least half the time. And you Have no locks in this division? No, no locks. I really do have it within a half a game for all of them. All right. I have under Pat's four and a half lock. We'll take a break. We'll get to the A FC North.


Hey football fans, the weight is over on FanDuel, the NFL. It's back. you can start this season with the big return on America's number one sports book. My favorite. You'll get started with $200 of bonus bets guaranteed when you place your first $5 bet. So when you get a hunch in the middle of the game, you can check out the latest stats view, live, play by play, and so much more on the same page where you place your bets. As you know we are doing a FC over under is right now. As you're listening to this, you could just go right in and do the Pat's adjusted over under three and a half wins. Go under, grab the plus two 40 or whatever it is right now and enjoy yourself. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs and you can be like me in bet against your own favorite team. That's FanDuel dot com slash bs. Never waste a hunch. Make every moment count more with FanDuel. An official Sportsbook partner of the L. You must be 21 plus in President select states or 18 plus in president in dc. First online Real Money Wager only $5 First deposit required bonus issued as doable Bonus bets which expires seven days after a seat. Restrictions. Apply seat terms at sportsbook. Do FanDuel dot com call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit rg help com.


This episode is brought to by SimpliSafe. As a father, I know how important it's to make sure you're keeping your kids safe. It always feels like you could always be doing more. Right. Well here's a parenting tip. Get a SimpliSafe home security system. It's a great way to make sure your family has the protection they need even if you're not there. We have one our house and we love it. It's a summer we just went away. When you're away, you wanna know that all hell isn't breaking loose in your house. And that's where SimpliSafe comes in. If you're gonna trust anyone with the safety of your loved ones, trust SimpliSafe. They've been named Best Home Security Systems by US News and World Report for five years running right now. you can get an exclusive 50% discount on a new system plus a free indoor security camera with Fast Protect monitoring. Just visit.com/bs. This offer is for a limited time only. So order today. Once again SimpliSafe with two is SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Alright, we got so into that Pat segment. I forgot to set you up. You're gonna do prop for every divisions. Yeah. I like this player Prop Tyreek Hill. You heard of them? Yeah. 13 plus conceived, no receiving touchdowns plus 360. I don't understand this. Number two of the last four years. He's hit this 13 and 15 touchdowns has 119 catches each of the last two years. So 13 TDS plus 360. Yeah. Why not? I mean, if you plays 17 games, he's probably getting getting that. Well That's the whole thing. Yeah. All right. AFC. North. This is one that I, I basically went to the buffet and tried a bunch of different things. So I'm like, oh the teriyaki beef, I'll put that on my plate.


Oh there's some chicken and, and just, and then at the end you just go back, you just throw up. No, then you just go back. You like, you know what I should have gotten is just the prime rib looks good. I should have just gotten that. That's Baltimore. You go and you bounce around. You look for all these reasons not to take them. And there are some reasons they lost Patrick Queen. Their offensive line is definitely unequivocally worse. Mike McDonalds, who did a great job as their defensive coordinator now coaching Seattle, they've led the league in turnover differential, which usually shifts back to the right to the middle. The next year they beefed up at cornerback.


Everybody likes the first runner they took. They added Derrick Henry who's gonna be really fun to watch in this team. But Sal over under is 10 and a half. I am going over, I'm also taking them for the division at plus 1 45. Wow. And it comes down to this. Lamar is 58 and 19 as a starter. Yeah. Like just don't overthink it. Sometimes when he's healthy they win three outta every four games. Yeah, sounds good. Its division's very good though. It's very tough. You know that you, you're not gonna run the table on it. You can't go six and oh, it's just too, too hard hitting too physical. I'm with you. if you go under, you're asking for a three game regression 'cause they won 13 games last year.


But something about replacing the defensive coordinator and your best defensive player. It just doesn't sit right with me. I just don't think You're zagging. Yeah, I'm zagging five in a row. This is crazy. Wow. I read that stat how if you agree with the both of us then we, we go crazy. But yeah, again, I think they win 10 games. I just can't get him to 11. He's a great regular season quarterback. Four toughest schedule in football at KC Vegas at Dallas, Buffalo Cincy to start. So if you wanna jump on that to win a division, you might get better odds by week five if they're three and two Right. Or after week five. So I think they lost a lot. You know, Quan Smith and Lamar deals bankrupted the team.


They lost 15 players in free agency. You went over most of 'em. I think it's a very competitive division and almost doesn't matter who the quarterbacks are for the other teams. I Guess the question for me is they went 13 and four last year. Yeah. And I just need them to go 11 and six this year to hit the over, which I think would also be good enough to win the division. So is this team three wins worse? Right? And I just don't see it. Yeah, I could see two wins worse, but three seems ambitious. Last year in the playoffs they beat Houston and they had that 17 to 10 loss against Casey that they were home. Right. They were home. They scored 10 Points at home. They sucked. Right. They, and it made me so mad, but I don't, I mean it was, I think I bet them over 10 Upsetting.


I had a really good playoffs that was the most upsetting. Yeah. I just hated it. And yet they, it felt like there were like two, three plays where they could have actually stolen that game somehow. Right. Like Casey didn't do anything like the last two hours of the game. Yeah. Right. But I think You're right. We carry the biases from what we remember from January. You, you didn't, because you're still going over. But with Miami and Baltimore, and I know you're gonna pound Dallas, even though Dak is a, a good regular season quarterback, like we remember what happens in January, but we're doing over under, so that's just the September to Ja through December top Five coaching staff. And if the things that I'm supposed to be worried about, are they lost Patrick Queen? Sure. And their o lines worse, they lost three stars.


We've seen teams patch together the o-line. You know, it does that, the part that as, as I kept like thinking about it, you dare Henry, but then you don't have that good of an O-line. And I was like, what's that gonna, so what if he's just getting hit behind the line and you spend $52 in your fantasy league on him and it's like 15 carries for 31 yards and you're like, oh my God, they can't block. I just feel like that coaching staff will figure it out. All right. They've done it. They do it year after year, but They're not the Patriots. you can't, not the you can't pass can pass together an offensive line. Alright. I have 'em at 10. You have 'em at 11. They have this. So they have their bi-week, week 14, they're at the Giants Week 15 home, Pittsburgh Home Houston on that Wednesday Christmas game four days later and then home for Cleveland.


So, and I think that Wednesday game, the home team must have the advantage Christmas with no days' rest basically. Yeah, you would think So. I feel like if they can get to, can they be seven and six heading into that four and then sweep it If they're eight and five, they'll go three in one. From a talent standpoint, talent everywhere. The Zay Flowers, you'd feel like he, he's not a top 10 receiver, but he's at least a finally a number one for Lamar. Yeah. I hate his guts too because of that January game. The same kind of thing. But yeah, he'll do well in the regular season. All right, well we go, we're going for six in a row now. Let's do it. The Cincinnati Bengals over 10 and a half minus 2120. The action on that division plus 1 65 playoffs minus two 30.


you can take it for number one seat at 7 0 1. I really tried to talk myself into this one. Which way? Pro. Oh okay. They played 11 playoff teams last year. They got better at safety. If you're gonna ding them, ding them on bad running backs, probably bottom five with your team being 32nd in the league running backs so bad that there's been some Dalvin Cook never look better. That'd be nice. Never Is Dallas looking up. He used to be good sketchy cornerbacks and they lost DJ reader who was a stud for them. It comes down to this for me, I'm going under because I am more scared of Joe Burrow's wrist than any other NFL body part, including anything on Tyreek Hill.


I just can't get over the wrist thing. He doesn't seem a hundred percent to me. I feel like they've been dancing around it. Our fan ringer fantasy guys, they feel like that's like a do not draft list the entire team. Because if something's really wrong with Burrow, that's also gonna affect Chase. It's too frightening to me. I can't do it. I'm, I'm going, I'm going slight under 10 and a half. It feels like a nine and eight or a 10 and seven. Well, I defer to you because you're an expert in risk mobility. I mean, we've said that for years. Yeah, I do. Talked to your college, do know a lot About the Wrist. Yes, I'm with you. So we finally have, we finally we did it. Yeah. I think like I love Borough when he is at his best. He is top two.


You talked about top two or top three. I love watching him in January, but he's gotta be seen as a legitimate risk at this point. He has three majorish injuries in his career, you know, so I don't know. But it is weird that you look at it and I I I'm gonna conflict too. It's kind of like this jet situation. They were nine and eight last year. Why can't they get to 11 with Burrow, but with the, you know. Yeah. But they're backup played Pretty well with him. Riding was okay, so, but yeah, I'm with you. I'm not buying the Burrow buzz cut. You know, reader is a big run stopper. So I I don't, their offensive line is still in the bottom 10 every other year they protect him. Lou Omo, we would scream at his praises and that defense just fell apart.


It was top five passing yards allowed. 11 and six. They always get off to a slow start. They lose their first two or two outta three for no reason. Right. So could easily lose three in a division. They have Casey Dallas, I think they screw up somewhere else along the way. I'm, I'm going under. Yeah, they start out with the pats. So we know that they're going one and oh, but then at KC week two home Washington Monday night. Yeah. At Carolina week four. And if they're not three in one coming outta that Right. Potentially four and oh. But at least three in one. If they're like two and two coming outta that, it gets worse and worse and worse. They have an at Baltimore, at the Chargers combo in the middle of the season, they're playing at Dallas. They play at, at Pittsburgh and Cleveland.


All the NFC, the case for them. They have some easy, you know, they have New England, Carolina, Denver, the Giants, Tennessee, Washington and Las Vegas on schedule. It's the Last play schedule, right? Yeah. Yeah. So that's what gave me pause. But I just feels like if the over under was nine and a half, I feel like I might go over on it, but the 10 and a half, the 11 and six just seems ambitious. It's so high. I also like the wild card for them at plus one 90. if you, I just thought those odds would be lower if The Ravens win the vision you're saying. Yeah, Just for that's be, you're basically better than the Bengals to be a playoff team. There's a catastrophic one where it's the under of seven and a half wins is plus four 40.


Interesting. So that would be the something's really wrong with Joe Burrow bat. Right. I can't get there. So I don't have two Quarter quarterbacks. Oh, one's a big number for a, a injured quarterback. So I, I went under on Burrow and I went under on Josh Allen, two of my favorite quarterbacks. Yeah. In the league. But I just don't like the situations. All right, Well we finally agreed on one. Also not a lot of talent on this team anymore. That's the other thing. Like I only had five chippers on the team. Burrow, chase, t Higgins, barely Hendrickson and Stone. And then Taylor's I think in that like what, nine to 13 coaching range. Right. It's A good coach right in there. They, they need the kid from Georgia at 18 Mims to pan out on offensive line.


'cause you, like I said, you know how that goes with them. Would You see about how big their offensive line is? It's the heaviest offensive line in the league. Is it? I don't really know what that means. Yeah, they have the heaviest and I think Philly's second. Wow. Where it's like almost 1700 pounds of people on their offensive blood shit. I kind of like that. All right, so we agreed on one next one is Cleveland. I think we're gonna agree on this too. No, I don't think we are. Go ahead. You don't think we are. Well Over eight and a half. Lot of juice on the over minus 1 38. They're plus four 50 for the division. They're plus 1 38 to make the playoffs. If you're banking on Deshaun just absolutely murdering them this year. The under for six and half wins is plus 300. The under for seven and a half wins on FanDuel is plus 180 4.


They were 11 and six last year and then the playoffs started and Houston absolutely beat the living shit out of 'em. Right. They lost 45 to 14. Their defense was awesome at home and shaky on the road. And it feels like they're worse. They, Denzel Ward has another concussion. Yeah. Said five. So you got that. Their offensive line is a hundred percent, no question. Worse. And their left tackle might not be ready for the first week. All right. They tried to straight Amari Cooper that floated out there. I never like when that happens. They were six and two in one score games in 2023 usually reverts a little.


Here's the biggest thing for me is no first round picks in 20 22, 23 or 24 when you miss a three year cycle of just not adding anybody. Awesome. I think there's damage and I, my take on this going under is this is the year that is strong trade officially morphs into shape as the worst NFL trade of all time. Wow. Well this is because I, I think he's unsalvageable. This is the big test. But I will say this, do you know what his record was last year? He did play a bunch of games. Yeah. It was five and one last year. Dehaun Watson was five and one. Okay. And I don't know which way you want to go with this, but this team won without Nick Chubb and they won with four or five quarterback, I think they started their fifth quarterback in week 18.


So pretty damn good. And I think it's because of that defense, which you're right, showed up at home and not on the road, but for the first two months that was the top 10 defense. It was awesome. Of the century leading podcast. It was phenomenal. Right? Yeah. Miles Garrett defensive player of the year last year, you know, they resigned the Darius Smith at five and a half Sax. He's practicing again. I think it's a top three defense. You know they brought in Devin Bush and Jordan Hicks. So you're in It's a I'm I'm not only am I in, this is my division winner. Whoa. I know Joe House and Joe House is with me. Only because the number Joe House is with you. Yeah. So what else do I need? I don't need anything else. Oh Man. I'm sorry.


Plus four 50 is way too high. These, these teams all beat up on each other. They were great last year. I think the wat, why couldn't they do it? The Watson thing just seems like it's never been worse. Five and one that surprised you when I said he was five and one last year. But he was, And Joe some Cooper's a great tight end. The receivers, they have Cooper, Elijah Moore, Judy, this guy thrashed from Louisville. It's been good in the preseason, the rookie. I really like it. Really good offensive line. I'm just worried about that first week, which is one of their most important games. 'cause they're playing your team. My team and Michael Parsons. And that's the week where their offensive line might be. Sure. A little dingy. But yeah, I had them.


I had them as a top five offensive line. If they can actually get healthy and we'll see Conklin's coming back. There you go. I can't get there. I think the Watson thing, single handedly ruins it for me. I just don't, I I just, What about Jamis? I look for, I look for Comeback Player of the year. They c they're carrying four quarterbacks. But we know Jamis isn't a starter like how many years in, in a row. But you can he get a Chance? Do you know Flacco wasn't the start. Any guy they put in there last year, like that to one to win And Jamis is playing Count me in on betting against the Browns. I love, I Love this team. You love this team. I don't know why I really do. I mean I think it's crazy to have him at eight and a half after what they did last. It's Of Deshaun. This is, this is, They're starters back. You've some of five stories, right?


Like he's like defiant, angry. I haven't Read hang, hang on. Don't ruin it for me. I haven't read anything about him. I don't know anything about the guy. I, I think the vibes are all wrong. Okay. And last year was in everything somehow went right Last year even though nothing was going right and that never works. Twice. I have for this year's Browns in the division, not the Browns. The Pittsburgh Steelers over eight and a half plus one 16. So you actually get a little plus action on the over playoffs plus 1 94. I think their defense is gonna be the best defense in either conference. Agree. And I try to talk myself out of it. 'cause their schedule is just horrifying.


That's it. Yeah. This, this gauntlet they have from week 11 on home Baltimore at Cleveland, at Cincy Home Cleveland. At Philly at Baltimore. Home. KC at Cincy. And the Baltimore KC are Saturday Wednesday combo. So the reasons to pick them are that and Russell Wilson. Russell Wilson's still way better than Kenny Pickett last year. Look, he went, what did he go? Eight, nine in Denver. I guess. Guess he didn't play the last couple games for them, but they were, you know, they weren't a disaster. Pickett was a disaster for Pittsburgh. I don't like Russell Wilson. But the one thing he could do is take a whatever step drop, show us and wing it. Downfield. Yeah. And wing it. Downfield to receivers running fast.


Right. And he doesn't make turnovers. All they need is no turnovers. Can you just throw it deep? This is gonna be a team that just wants to win. 16, 13, 19 16, 17 to 10. That's who they are. They're the Browns from last year. I have them as over and I have them as a playoff team. Wow. I have them over, I think I have 'em right at nine. I don't have 'em as a playoff team, but I, I like all your reasoning. I think if these guys stay healthy, like right with Queen and Watt and Hayward and Highsmith could be top five that we've seen in a long time. Joey Porter Jr. Coming along, they got Dante Jackson from the Panthers for Cornerback Camp Sutton suspended for the first eight games. Yeah. I didn't love that. But I love that.


I wish the quarterback were a little better and I wish that schedule allowed them for two weeks where they can come up for air. Well one thing is, I would have them, it really seems like they have a good offensive line this year, which is Yeah. Different than previous years. But They spent number 20 and number 51 picks on O line. So. Yeah. Yeah. And they seem pretty happy with it. This was another thing that jumped out to me. First of all, they made the playoffs last year. They were 10 and seven. Right. So the over under is they're two less for whatever reason, but they've spent 165 million in cap on their defense, which is 25 million more than any other team in the league. Wow. Like they have like to say they've loaded up is the all time understatement? Yeah. On top of the fact that their defense was hurt last year.


Like what? Missed a bunch of games. Fitzpatrick missed a bunch of games. Cam Hayward was banged up. So if they can get all those dudes together, I just think it's gonna be this year's Brown's defense. Definitely. So six AFC North games in the Final Eight. So I have second best division in your mind in The whole thing In the, at either conference in The NFC North One. I have one division I like more. You like the NC north, but I don't wanna spoil it. There's one I like more. It's not the AFC South, but I'm Trying to raise suspense. All right. I have the, this is the second best division though. I Like that start is interesting. 'cause I think they gotta go two and one or three and Oh right. So at Atlanta, that's the Arthur Smith game, right? Yep. At Denver. Obviously the Russell Wilson game and then the Chargers of which, well, they're home for it anyway, would've been home even if it were on the road.


So definitely a start that they have to capitalize on. Yeah. I don't even know what the odds are. I'll have to look this up during the break. But the odds for Baltimore, Pittsburgh, Cincy Cleveland as the exact order. That's gotta be like 20 to one, right? Baltimore, Pittsburgh. Since Pittsburgh is the second one. This Is so hard to pick the T, the four. This is, so this is the hardest one. We Have a couple exact orders we really like. Yeah. I love, I can look at this. I think this helps if you know the first place team and you know, the fourth place team and then move from there. So that's 16 to one, Is it? Yeah. I kinda like that. Give us your prop for this division. What is it? Ravens, to score a touchdown in every game is minus one 15.


Interesting. In December, 2022, the Browns held them scoreless or they scored three, they didn't score a touchdown. It's happened once in 93 games. You're getting even odds for something that's happened once in 93 games. I really like it. You know, obviously a lot of talent. You could have bad luck in a rainy December game maybe, but the Ravens score, they get in the end zone. I like it. Thank you. I'm trying to think of how that would go wrong. The offensive line's not great. Maybe there's a game where they just can't get it done in inside the twenties. Yeah. They might have a couple games where they score 10, but I think they're less reliant on Tucker, believe it or not. The other case against Baltimore that I considered is just that La Lamar has had seasons where he will just miss like some games.


And he was healthy last year. But I, it was in the back of my head. But my two big predictions for this division are, I don't the borough thing, I don't like the odor of that. And I think this Watson thing's just done. I think he's gonna be like the most unpopular player in his city in the a FC by like November. Because I think the team's pretty good. Yeah, I just don't think he's good. I don't, I don't think he has it. I don't know if he knows how to lead a team anymore. I just think It's Chris on Sideways but's the end of their season. If he is not good, if they, The Flacco saved their season last Year. If they catch it early enough, they'll get a, like, maybe a Bailey Zappy to come in there and save the day. So you have Bailey Zappy. So you have Cleveland as the awesome defense team and out Pittsburgh. Yeah.


All right. We'll see what happens. What's your, oh, you did your prop. That's a brave.


So let's take a break. We've got a new segment brought to you by our frenzy, Yahoo Fantasy Football. And it's all about winning. Why do we play fantasy football? Sal? I dunno. To, to hate ourselves. No, it's to win. There are No good running backs with Yahoo Fantasy Football. Winning your league and someone will win $1 million. All you have to do is play in a private Yahoo Fantasy League. Enter the sweepstakes by September 5th. Enter out yahoo sports.com/simmons. I love Yahoo Fantasy Football, and especially the new app, because easy to use, easy to set up, let you focus on the game, and the fact that there are no good running backs. Yahoo Fantasy Football bring us this segment to help you win your league. So to kick off our Yahoo, play to win segment, let's talk drafting Any last observations before you're about to be in 19 leagues? Well, the, you don't get kicked out of this Yahoo League, right? No, because I like the league. They don't have Get kicked out. Don't have to kick out. All right. All right. No, see, I would do it For 500 grand, but someone gets kicked out. I, I don't know, man. I So You're out on all running backs Except Rico Doddle. Yeah. Yeah. All running backs except the Cowboys. That's it. Watch out. So are there any running backs you'd like Bries Hall? That's about It. Not too many. No less. Bucky Irving for the temp. So spend money on receivers, quarterbacks tight ends. That's it. All right. That's a good tip. Yep. Put those tips to use and create or join a Yahoo Fantasy Football League today. Yahoo sports.com/simmons. Remember, someone won $1 million. All I have to do is play in a private Yahoo Fantasy League. Enter the sweepstakes by September 5th. Enter now yahoo sports.com/simmons. No purchase necessary open in all 50 US states and DC for ages 18 plus and September 5th, 2024. See official rules at yahoo sports.com/slash/simmons/rush.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA. Michelob ULTRA good for many things. Camping barbecues cheering on your favorite team. Hanging out on a nice summer night, which I just did actually on Friday night. Just sitting outside just having a beer And. guess what? Michelob. ULTRA. Because they sent me a bunch of Michelob b ULTRA and it's really good And. there were only a couple left and I was mad. 'cause every time we put it in the fridge, somebody drinks it, but it was delicious. Be sure to stock up for the summer. Enjoy Michelob b ULTRA, superior Light Beer. Order a pack of Michelob b ULTRA today. Have it delivered through door dash.com. LDA 21 and up coming back with the A FC where everybody is on the Houston bandwagon.


To the point, I'm sorry by the way, I didn't have a gift for you for that Division. I, I should have brought a gift for you For every second. Yeah. Would've been nice. I'm sorry, go ahead. Yeah, Houston Would've liked that. I don't know what your gift would've been for this division, but Everyone on Houston would've Houston, we skip it because we never get it right. You think it's this division We don't get right. I I I We're getting it right. Don't get it right. Go ahead. I feel really good about this division. Houston over nine and a half wins. There's juice on that division is plus 1 0 5 conference plus 800 number one seed plus one 800. All right. Plus 812 plus wins is plus 2 25. And if you wanna go nuts and vote them, best record 14 and one. They made round two of the playoffs last year were 10 and seven.


They loaded up. Pass Rush is better. D backs are better. They added Joe Mixon. They're gonna be healthier. They're offensive blinds healthier. Year two, CJ Stroud, they had the number one offensive DVOA. If you're gonna go worse, Autry's suspended for six games. They had good turnover. Luck last year won't be the same. They have a weird schedule where like the first six games are easy. Weeks 12 through 15 are easy. And then the rest of the schedule is hard. I'm gonna go here Sal, I'm going over. If CJ Strat is special, which I think he is, I think he's just in the 10 11 wins club from now on. Hmm. That these other guys are in.


If he's gonna be healthy and you're getting a good team, he should win 11 games from now on going forward, I'm back in the Houston Texans not only to win this division, what not only to win the conference. What the But to make the Super Bowl. Wow. The Houston Texans. The Super Bowl. The Super Bowl. Oh man. There's one Super Bowl that year out. The Houston Texans in the Super Bowl. I feel like a jackass for taking them under now, but I also kinda love it. Yeah, You love this act on me. I do. I I think Stefon Diggs ruined CJ Strout. He's The third receiver. I'll say He's fine. Yeah, I know. But he is gonna be eyeballing him when he doesn't get like six. He targets, He's just running 12, 13 third receiver over the middle.


He's Fine. No, they didn't sign him to be a third receiver. I think CT Strout is cool. I know it's a, I He's One of the coolest initial names of all time. All right. I don't want to get his podcast Stuff has been great. I loved watching him Last year. I love, I interviewed him on Radio Row. He's tremendous. He's great. Could play in the NBA. I'm in on CJ Stroud now. I like, it took me a while. I, I didn't trust the Ohio State thing and, and his fact that his name was cj, but yeah, You didn't like that. I didn't like It. First place schedule now. Yeah. It's just a different ball game. Like everyone's gunning for you. By the way, if you look at their games last year, Stroud was impressive. The rest of the team kind of wasn't. It's, it's hard to explain but just go, go through of 'em. Not too many impressive games. Well they Had one receiver, Dell got hurt halfway through the year.


Yeah. Somebody else, one of the other receivers was hurt. Right. They were basically playing with Nico Collins and Schultz. Right. But the Colts were bad. Like they took advantage of, they faced seven playoff teams this year. Three in the conference finals last year. So I think this is tough. I know it's easy early on schedule wise, I'm not gonna say they're gonna be a bad team. I just, I could see them going nine and eight. Danelle Hunter is a good compliment to Will Anderson. They had 16 sacks. But watch this Stefan Diggs, he is gonna be a story starting week two. You're that you really think the third receiver on a really good team could single hand lead. They'll just cut him Is nine and a half the Vegas zone for over unders.


I feel like it's such a track. Just think there's been more that and a half this year. Yeah. Than ever before. Well, so here's the case against Houston by the way. I'm gonna pick somebody else to make the Super Bowl later. I just wanted to get your reaction for Houston and make Super Bowl. I have a second Super Bowl. Pick the on the Afc. The ffc. Oh wow. This is gonna be some game. Nobody's ever done it. I researched it. Nobody's ever picked two Super Bowl teams in one conference. Yeah. if you go with the, can't believe they missed the playoffs list and the kind of can't believe it list, which I told, I told you before. It's like between minus plus 1 25 and plus one 60. Yeah. So last year the teams that missed Jets plus one 10 Saints plus 1 26 and Jaguars plus one 60 this year to miss the playoffs bills plus 1 28 Green Bay plus 1 28 Miami plus 1 28.


You go on down the line Houston's plus 1 54 to miss the playoffs. They're basically like, come bet on this. Yeah. And I look at that list. Bills Green Bay, Miami Jets, Atlanta, Houston, Dallas, China to find two, three teams from that. And I could see Houston, this is from Kind of can't believe it. Kind Of can't believe it. But there's always three of 'em that make it. Yeah. So anyway, that would be the, that'd be the case is there's too many people on the bandwagon to the point. For sure. For sure. I really like the team though. The, The biggest problem against it is it's a very winnable division. Right. And I've gone back and forth with these teams. One other thing I should have mentioned, Ryan's the top five coach now.


I mean has anybody been raved about who's coming into the league as a coach in the last five years? Everybody fucking loves him. I don't think so. So they're, They're basically nailing the QB coach thing. It's like the reverse of Brit and Mayo or Antonio Pearson. Right, right, right. Gardner Mitchell. They have the opposite where they're just like, if you're gonna rank both those categories one to 10, they have like a 10 and a 10. Yeah. And a good enough team to put around those dudes. I'm in. Alright. I'm slightly under. Okay. So I think we still agree on like two. Yeah. Jacksonville eight and a half is the over division plus two 70. if you wanted to go nuts and have them for 11 plus wins plus two 50 playoffs plus one 16.


This is my favorite team to discussed in a ffc. They went nine and eight the last two years. This Is your Super Bowl team, right? I, this is gonna be my second Super Bowl pick. Last year there were eight and three and fell apart. Yeah. Trevor Lawrence, I look, I tried to add it up. He had four injuries. He hurt his knee, his shoulder, his ankle and and concussion. Mm. To the point that even I was out on him even last week when I was doing the pod with Steven Ruiz was talking about them. I was like, yeah, I'm out. And then I did my final round of research this week and I was like, this is just a classic zag team buy low, just classic buy low. Nobody's on 'em. And if you actually look and you go into the hood and you look at the engine, it's like, ah, they were eight and three last year.


And just weird shit happened. They definitely got better. They added Eric Armstead. They beefed up their defensive line. It seems like they lucked out. Brian Thomas Jr. At Receiver. He's the best receiver Lawrence has had. They have a new center. They took Buffalo Center, you know they were 10th in DBOA last year on defense. Yeah. Jacksonville. Yeah. And That's before their big guy changed his name. Right. It's not Josh Allen anymore. Josh Allen Hines or something Like that. Yeah, I like it. He's a hyphen guy now. Huge move. And really the only way they got worse was they lost Calvin Ridley, but they replaced him with Thomas. So the over seems like a gift. Eight and a half. They gotta get a nine and eight. I I think they go 10 and seven. Good. We agree here. Great. And you know the London games are becoming theirs.


Right, right. No matter what, they've won five outta six and now they have Chicago and New England. So, and they stay there. So they have a tough start. This is another one you might wanna wait on before you pick 'em to win the division or something. Although you have Houston Golden Super Bowl. So you're not gonna do that at Miami Cleveland, at Buffalo, at Houston. So you might wanna wait. You're right about Armstead takes away the double teams from Trayvon Walker and, and Josh Allen Hein. So they're gonna be able To rush the passer like it. They're gonna be to throw the ball. The London thing has turned into one of the biggest advantages in the league. And especially they're gonna be playing Chicago in the Pats back to back. I'm just penciling those for cable. if You give the Chargers an opportunity to be the home team in London, they would take it a second. Right. They like, we'll take all eight, 14,000 miles but still worth it.


So they were a really good team Jacksonville for a year and a half. Yeah. And then we just dropped it because they fell down the stretch. And there's a Lawrence piece to this season with them that if he has it, we kind of have to see it I think this year. Yeah. He's got CJ Stratton the in the division now. And that's a potential rivalry. That could be really fun. But you know, he's kind of out of excuses. If he's a franchise, they paid him like a franchise. Could be. You got a huge contract. Yep. He's got weapons. They've spent a lot of capital free agent, capital draft pick capital. Just trying to get him receivers and weapons and Travis said in and all that stuff. I just feel like this, it has to happen this year. And I like their Schedule. Lost Vegas against Tennessee.


Yeah. And Minneapolis. That's all I was gonna say. So if they're in it, it's right there for 'em at the end. Yeah. Last five is at Tennessee Home Jets at Vegas. Home Tennessee at Indy. Yeah. 10 Winsfield, Gabe Davis, Christian, Kirk, za Jones and Brian Thomas is a good solid, you know. Yeah. It's like not no Tyreek Hill's in there, but they're all gonna get the job done I think. All Right, we're both over. Yep. Next one is Indianapolis. A very tough one to figure out. They're over is eight and a half some juice on that. Plus 1 0 4 divisions plus three 10 playoffs plus 1 52. if you're excited about 'em. you can also go under seven half wins plus 1 72 on FanDuel. Last year they were nine and eight with Minsu.


And if you're gonna say here's how they're better, I really like their receiver as a, as a group with Pitman Downs. Mitchell, the rookie, everybody's Mitchell's going nuts about and Pierce like four good receivers, like as a combo. Jonathan Taylor, no drama with him this year. LA two as a past rusher, they drafted him maybe and then the Richardson piece. But I, the Richardson thing, I can't get there. I wanna see it. And if I'm wrong, I'm wrong, but I'm, I'm not going over on them until I see him. Yeah. Complete a bunch of passes. I know it's all there. He is basically like Cam Newton 2.0, whatever you wanna call it. But I wanna see it. And I, from what I've seen in the preseason and what I've read, he seems really raw.


Not to mention he got hurt twice last year. So Flaco is their backup ironically. Right. But I couldn't get there. Yeah. I took them under also. So we'll agree on this one. I, I also, I think when did these overruns come out in like March or something? Yeah. I must have flip flopped on the cols 15 times. I'll probably flip flop during this segment. I'll probably go back. I might pick 'em, go to the super to the over. Yeah, you already have 'em in your Super Bowl. But I'm, they were weird last year. First of all, they're oh nine and one in week one games in the last 10. So count that as a loss against Houston. Their rest advantage goes from plus four to minus 17. Oof. That's big. Last year they won nine games without their starter, but they also played 10 quarterback rookies or backups.


Right. So you, you go and, and I don't wanna lend too much credence to the preseason, but I got that same feeling with Anthony Richardson. Like why are we going so crazy about this? He feels like he's gonna have, have some great moments and some awful moments. Yeah. And there's gonna be times when you like bet on the Colts at home minus four and he just does nine terrible things. And then there's other games when he does like wood fields did a couple times for the Bears where you're just single-handedly athletically. He just took over the game. We should Come up with a category for guys we wouldn't mind having on our fantasy team. 'cause Anthony Richards is Richardson's also like always like A four. I think he's too high in fantasy, But still you wouldn't wanna bet him in a game. He's gotta be too high in fantasy. Yeah. He's higher than CJ Stroud in fantasy.


Nuts. It's Bonkers. CJ Stroud, well we'll get to him when we do the, they End New England, Denver, Tennessee Giants all cold weather. So on the road There's also a world where like LA's not that good as a pass rusher. Right. Taylor's just not the same guy anymore after he's not two years ago. Taylor never comes back. And I like other teams more in the division. All right. We're both under them. And then the last one is Tennessee. The over for them is six and a half some juice on that plus 1 0 4 division plus nine 50 playoffs plus 360 if you wanna go the other way. Worst record is 10 to one. if you wanna go under 4.5 wins adjusted plus 2 35. They're six and 11. Last year they lost Mike Vrabel replaced him with Brian Callahan drafted a left tackle, spent money on Cornerbacks.


Sneed in a wze. They signed Ridley Hopkins is gone for what, six weeks? Yeah, I think about that. Yeah. They got Tyler Boyd too. No, Derrick Henry drop off to Powered. I don't like it at all. Yeah, I don't, I don't either. This is another weird team. You would think they'd be in a rebuilding stage except they did spend a lot of money. It don't, don't seem like a team that is packing it in this year, but that o offensive line is supposed to be like 30th in the league. It's, it's So bad that it's, it's in the vicinity of the Pats offensive line without being as bad. Yeah. But yeah, you have that combined with Will Levi, who's probably the bravest quarterback in either conference who just takes huge hits.


Yeah. So it's like, all right. They Can't block May days in the coffee. Brave too. Yeah. And This guy loves to just take on everybody. Like he's, I don't see him playing 17 games. Malik Willis. They just traded for a seventh round pick. That was Funny. Yeah. Yeah. I look they have 14 1:00 PM games, you know, have one primetime game at Miami, which they won last year. That was weird. They're gonna get off to a slow start at Chicago Jets Green Bay and at Miami. So where do you see these seven wins coming from? I don't see it. And I didn't even have an easy stretch for them in the schedule that week. 17. Seven to 13 stretch. Other than that, Pat's home game is a, is a nightmare and their division's gonna be really good.


I had in the better or worse, they lost Abel and Derrick Henry and replaced them with the hawk to a girl. Really? She's from Nashville, right? Yeah. I didn't see that. I think they lost that trade. Wow. Yeah, her 15 minutes. She doesn't wanna be known as that anymore. She's now she's being known by her real name. Oh yeah. She has a real name. Yeah. No, This is great. And what's her real name? Does she have a real name? So Jack says something. No, Jack's pretending he doesn't know Jack. Come on, Haley something. Jack. Yeah. Hall something. Bill has her going to the Super Bowl. They're at Chicago Week one Home Jets Home Green Bay at Miami. That feels like an oh four. That's what I mean. Starter rule. What? Where you get seven wins the rest of the way.


They might have some nice fantasy numbers once in a while, but their past rushed even when Autry gone is gonna be even worse. Yeah. And when I did like the, the Chippers, it's Ridley and Simmons and Snead and Stone House, one of their special teams guys. And then we're done. Yeah. And their cute Bs are minus two. I had them for six points total. It was one of, one of the lowest teams. Stone House, I think you're just Com. Yeah. Combining your friends, making names. Names Your college friends names. So We have both under six and a half on that. I, I wanna do a borderline lock for that. But yeah, I, the new coach might not be bad. I was reading about him and I, I love Rabel, but they, they might have actually had a decent Coach and that's the thing.


I probably would've given them a extra win just 'cause of Rabel. But now that he's gone, it's like iffy and then he might be good kind. We Forgot to mention the Cleveland section that he's helping out. Cleveland. The what? In the Cleveland section. Oh, Vrabel Is, yeah. Yeah. All right. What do you have for a prop for this division? I have Jackson in the division. I have Trevor Lawrence. Five or more touchdowns. A plus four 20. He had five in 2022. He had four last year. And sat out, what a game and a half and was probably injured for more than that. Plus four 20 for five rushing touchdowns. Jump on that Simmons. That Seems pretty good. Yeah, I hope he takes it easy and doesn't hurt our over though. That's true. I have CJ Stroud most passing yards in the week plus 700.


Hmm. And I have a Parley, which you can do on FanDuel on our little parlay thing. Where did, where did we find that? I forgot to, I'm gonna plug the, I plugged the, the Fusion thing. Futures fusion. Yeah. Mahomes and Stroud both to throw for 4,000 yards plus 1 0 1. I'm gonna get FanDuel to boost that too. They know it. you can Do that. You have that kind of fo I'm gonna tell them to boost it. It's gonna tell 'em You Guys boost this. You boost this right now. Boost this. I forgot to mention in the, when we did the AFCs, the Bryce Hall, the Bri hall rushing title was like nine to one plus nine 50. Yeah. That seems high.


Who else is gonna win the rushing title? Can I tell you something? I, I think you're not, have you done a Draft season leader bets anywhere? Have You done No, I am. But have you done a draft yet? A fantasy draft? No. It's kind of depressing. There used to be like six or eight solid running backs. You have to decide, oh, I gotta bid on this guy or I gotta Take, oh my God, it's there kind now. It's like, no, no, you're nuts if you don't take Bija Robinson with the fourth pick. I'm like, am I Bri Hall? Same thing. No, no. He is the best. Like what the, what Happened? I'm in a guillotine draft this year. You are doing one? Well somebody wrote me in as their partner. Okay. And we ended up with the first pick and we took Bri saw. Yeah. Were you excited about it? Did you get I kind was. Did you get Ting? I like Bri Saw. Yeah. I got a little Tingling. I don't know what, what happened. What could go wrong with taking a jet backs? I'm just saying these running backs.


It's nuts. Okay, we're taking a break and then we'll do the AFC West.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


This episode is brought to you by our good friends at NFL Sunday Ticket on YouTube tv. I'm sure by now you've all gotten back into your Sunday routines, but they could be even better with NFL Sunday Ticket and YouTube tv. You get the most live NFL games all in one place, every game, every Sunday. And you can even watch up to four different games at once. With multiview, one of my favorite inventions of this decade, it's exactly what you need to catch all the action. Make your Sundays more magical. And also YouTube TV is great. I got it this year. It's awesome. Sign up now at youtube.com/bs device and content restrictions. Apply local and national games on YouTube tv. NFL Sunday ticket for out of market games excludes digital only games.


This episode is brought to you by Yahoo Fantasy Football. We love Yahoo Fantasy Football so much. We're doing a Ringer Fantasy Football League this year. It's gonna be heated. I don't know what the prize is gonna be, but it's gonna be something that humiliates the last place team and elevates the first place team and makes them feel like they're super duper special. My podcast, Zilo Ringer, NFL, ringer Fantasy Football. New York, New York, the full go off, the Pike Philly special. We are all gonna be in there. All of our football podcasts basically going head to head. Not everyone can win in fantasy, but everyone has a chance to win big. With Yahoo Fantasy Football, you can create or join a Yahoo Fantasy Football League today. All you have to do is go to yahoo sports.com/simmons. That's my name. Remember, someone will win $1 million. All you have to do is play in a private Yahoo Fantasy League and enter the sweepstakes by September 5th. Not that far away. Football's coming. Get ready. Enter now at yahoo sports.com/simmons. No purchase necessary. Open in all 50 states in the US plus DC for ages 18 plus. And September 5th, 2024. See official rules at yahoo sports.com/simmons.


One last thing on the AFC South exact order on FanDuel. Houston. Jacksonville, indie Tennessee plus six 50. Hmm. Would you think about that one flipping Jacksonville and Houston? I might Do both. Right? So what's the other way? Alright, So Jacksonville, Houston, indie Tennessee. Eight to one, 10 to one. Wow. Oh yeah. Do both. There's some of these. you can do both. Yeah, I think it's pretty safe Because I don't see any world where Jacksonville and Houston are one two in some direction unless Richardson just becomes amazing. Yeah. So we need tendency to come in last. Basically People really do like Richardson in I I hate like zagging against him.


It's fine. I just think he's, yeah, you're asking a lot man. You're just gonna come in. You missed all last year. Right? I don't love you. You're already sending three teams to the Super Bowl from that division. Whatcha gonna do? Well Here's the fourth. A FC West Kansas City over 11 and a half wins. Not a lot of juice on that actually. Minus one 12. Division minus two 70 conference plus three 50 Super Bowl plus five 50. Number one C plus 3 80 13 plus wins. All adjusted plus 180 6. You go 14 and three, they're plus three 30. Mm They do that. How are they better? Might be better at receiver 'cause it looks like rash.


She races and getting suspended and they added worthy who's just looks like a cheat code and Hollywood brand. And They got rid of Ceras Tony, which is fine. They Got rid of Cade's Tony. Yeah. And Valez gambling new left tackle the rookie same AYA that we talked about earlier. That it looks like they stole at the end of the second round last year they had 15 fumbles by people that weren't their qb. Right. Their right tackle alone had 19 penalties. Their receivers had 34 drops, which was third in the league. Turnover Differential was fourth worst in the league. Yeah. So. it was one of those years they went 11 and six, everything went wrong. And they just because they have such good infrastructure, pieced it together, won four ER games, won the Super Bowl.


It feels like they're better this year. Sal, that's my takeaway. And I went over, I think 12 and five, 13 and four seems realistic to me. So over for me, I went under but slightly 11 and six. And it's stupid probably to bet against 'em. They're nine and two to the over under Andy Reed in the last 11, 10 or more wins in 10 of the 11 seasons. Their defense is excellent. Yeah. It's so underrated. They have 57 sacks last year. Second this Steve Spla has four rings from being a defensive coordinator. Yeah, very. You don't hear his name a lot. Maybe I'll say it like four or more, five more times. But you know, I'm looking at their schedule. They have a buy before San Francisco.


They're 21 and three after the buys. The only thing I worry about with this team is they saw that they could do it all on the road, which we hadn't seen out of the Chiefs until last year. Right? Yeah. So they won the playoff games on the road. Do they cut back? Did they not try as, I don't wanna say they don't try as hard in the regular season. Is is this something maybe to consider with that? I worry about the Kelsey piece just 'cause he's basically said, I know I have to be ready for four rounds. Right. So he's pacing himself. Someone like that. Yeah. But I think the fact that their line is definitely gonna be better, I think makes some of this easier for them. The receivers are definitely gonna be better. I talked last week on my pod about this worthy, the way they're using him as he is like this toy for Andy Reed.


He's basically like this Tyreek light. Right. Discount Tyreek, just send him in all these different weird motion things. Chiefs Won the Super Bowl. Let's have, they should have the fastest guy on the planet on the team. Right. Let's see what this does. So part of me wonders if the over under is gonna come down to that first game of the season against Baltimore. Hmm. Where their home against Baltimore. It looks like their receivers are gonna be a little banged up for that game. Yeah. And you know like Joe House loves Baltimore as an underdog already. And like I just wonder if that's gonna be the swing game between 12 wins and 11. It used to be Gimme that first Thursday Game. Yeah, the it It's not as easy anymore. Not anymore. They're extra games at San Francisco. At Buffalo Houston.


They play the AFC North. I think the question is what do you see them doing in the division? Right? Is it a five in one route or is it four and Two might not be. 'cause the division's better. Yeah. The reason, the biggest reason other than I actually think they're weirdly better than last year. But I was looking at the Pats, the second run of the Pats from basically the 2000 tens, 2010 through 2019. They were 14 wins. 13, 12, 12, 12, 12, 14, 13, 11, 12. They made three Super Bowls. Two Super Bowl losses, three conference finals. Eight outta 10 years. Right. Were, I'll let, were like, I'll you get this. I know this. That's fun. It's fun. The memories are great. I'm really enjoying myself.


Some Of those twelves were probably under the win total, right, by the way. Yeah, But they're just the infrastructure, they had it. Yeah. The chiefs from 18 to 23, so that's six years. 12, 12, 14, 12, 14, 11, 3 Super Bowls won Super Bowl loss. Crazy. Two conference finals. And I just think it's stupid to bet against them for any reason unless they tell us it's time. Which yeah, the 2019 Pats hit that too, right? It was finally, well I can't bet against them. And then finally, but at that point we had won every bet year after year after year. And the Chiefs with Mahomes, not even in his thirties yet. I don't, I just don't see why he would go under. I think You can because I think they could be 11 and six and we could be looking at each other like, well they're the best team going into January.


Well like they could still be 11 and six with that schedule. You know, black Friday against the Raiders. They'll probably win that Christmas against the Steelers. They have some weird, they play every game day of the week except Tuesday. Right. It's very strange. That's not a lie. Like they do, They're trying to squeeze the money a Tuesday game. Yeah. I'll tell you this. Super Bowl plus five 50. I like it. I haven't gone to the Super Bowl. Well have we named this? Didn't we say we should just name this fund where you bet Mahomes MVP separately with the Chief Super Bowl and every three or four years you'll collect it. Has a mutual fund like just, just gonna win. I have Houston KC A A FC title game. Right. And I really wanted to take KC for the Super Bowl.


And I'm joking, obviously I already picked Houston. Right. The three-peat, I couldn't get past it. The fact that we've had the Super Bowl since 1967. Yeah. And we've had all of these awesome teams and nobody's won through Super Bowls in a row. Nobody, it hasn't happened once. It's just, and I was just like, I, I really wanna take the Chiefs again. I'm just like, I'm not doing it. And, and I'm sure we're gonna hear the rhetoric next week about oh they'll tell you they don't care about the three people, but trust me they do. They know nobody in history has done this and all that. I was just, I just don't. So they're gonna try harder. Like these teams try hard, whatever the situation is. Do we think it's all Ro Like we have to mention Taylor or Swift here, right Rob?


Well we have that too. Well I feel like it's just too easy for them to breeze through everything. Well the rest of everybody's life. Right. Well and you even think like there was some karma stuff to share with them. Like Bucker got in all that trouble. They've had some legal issues. Sure. Right. But we know that doesn't work 'cause the Patriots won three Super Bowls after Aaron Hernandez. So it's like, throw that out the window too. Oh You admit he is guilty. I'm glad I I do think he might've been guilty. Yeah. Yeah. I looked at the case again. So the case for Houston beating KC in the A FC title game around two, whenever it happens for me. Because I was really trying to think like, do I really believe this? I don't wanna do like the Nick Wright. I'm just throwing crazy. Takes out hoping to get aggregated.


Sorry Nick. I really think Houston, if they have the one seed and their home and Casey has to go there and it's in a dome and they have their coach, I could see them beating kc. Yeah. I'm less bullish on them going to terror heads. So I think part of that Houston case, that's why I like the one seed too. Well that's why I Think they have to get the one seed. I'm, I'm going Buffalo for the conference for that same reason. I think they could do it on the road again. Coin flip game against the Chiefs last year. Josh Allen, Patrick Mahomes. You're not gonna convince me that one is definitely gonna play better than the other. So you're picking Buffalo to make Super Bowl. Buffalo's making Super Bowl. That was your, why didn't you make that pick earlier? I don't, I didn't.


I thought we were waiting on it. I, But we did the Buffalo ads. So the Buffalo Super Bowl ads. Yeah. 17 to one. Yeah. Why not nine to one for the conference. Beautiful. You're in on Buffalo. Yeah. Why Not? Wow. You said they have a top two quarterback? They do. Alright. Okay. Anything else on KC or should we keep going? We can keep moving. Okay. The Chargers over eight and a half wins with Juice. Everybody loves it. Playoffs plus one 18. Division plus three 90 mm 11 plus wins plus two 20 last year, five and 12.


The new coach theory, one of my favorites, 2022 it hit with day Ball on the Giants in Peterson and Jacksonville. 2023 hit with Dko Ryans in Houston 2024. Our nominees are Mike McDonald in Seattle. Raheem Morris in in Atlanta, Harbaugh and the Chargers or Dan Quinn in Washington and Kyle Brat made the case for Harbaugh on my podcast last week. I completely agree. You go from Brandon State to, to Harbaugh. I don't know how many wins that's worth, but they were five and 12 last year and it's gotta be worth at least four. I am going over, but I'm going a little even more over than that.


I have them as a playoff team. Whoa. Yeah. All right. I do. I think they're a year away. I'm going over also. And I, I hate it because this is one of the few sexy picks. I know that everybody likes I with it. But Harbaugh comes to town. New energy, maybe new fans. Can they get fans to show up at SoFi? Can they get a home game? No game. An actual home game. You have better chance of of going downtown LA and not being freaked out by somebody. The only, yeah, that's not gonna happen. God, I Drove, I drove downtown LA today to come to the studio. Yeah. And it was, I was like snake sket and escaped from New York. I thought like the music was gonna start playing. I'm sleeping over. Yeah. I'm not leaving. Gavin Is sitting now doing a great job. You figure it. I don't know about this roster though.


That's the only thing. Is it as impressive as like Brook could win games. He could do the rah rah thing. He can get his players stuck in elevators and say it was an accident when he was really just testing them. But I don't, is this roster better? I guess Edwards and Dobbins for Eckler is okay And you know, Keenan Allen and Mike Williams were injury prone. And so now they have Josh Palmer, lad McConkey, the rookie dj. Shark Receivers aren't great, but we've seen good quarterbacks and good coaches win with mediocre receivers. Herbert already being hurt made me nervous. Defense is getting a little old. Like Bosa is great, but missed 14 games in two years. M is 33. James. I had five guys marked on their Mac was really good last year though. Yeah.


Bosa, m Samuel, James and Gilman, they're kicker is awesome. Dicker. Yeah. They'll win them like two games and their offensive line is much better. I mean that's a huge part of, if you were to make the case for them, they took Joe Walt. Yep. Top seven pick Bozeman. They brought him in. Yeah. And the Harbaugh vibes, which by all accounts it's night and day. I mean you have to remember the, the new coach there fundamentally comes down to, go ahead tell me whoever was in there before was like the worst substitute teacher ever. And just like, you know, it was the first 40 minutes of a high school movie where you had the worst teacher ever. The star of the movie comes in, right. And all of a sudden the kids are studying and they're showing up for the projects.


Yeah. Change the doors. That's Harbaugh and it's alway, it always hits in football. I, these teams, we have a salary cap. They're all, they all have drafts. They all kind of go up and down a little bit. For the most part. The talent's around the same. And if you have a coach that's here replacing a coach that's here, we know that it works. And they have the quarterback. I'm with you. I mean listen, it comes down to the Chargers over the last how many years? Their most impressive games have been losses, right? Every freaking year. Four of 'em. So I think the schedule is gonna let them get to at least nine wins. How about this start? Yeah. Home Vegas at Carolina to start the year. They're easy QB opponents teams, they're playing that have either, I would say a below mediocre or worse qb.


Pats, saints, Carolina, Tennessee, Vegas twice. Denver. Twice Cleveland. Pittsburgh maybe Tampa Bay. Yeah. That's like most of their schedule. They, they don't have to play any until it's night. They play Mahomes twice. You're right. I mean their extra games are Arizona and New England and Tennessee. That's kind of all you need say. But I wish that the, it's the second easiest schedule. I just wish their roster was a little more impressive. They were also minus two Pythagorean last year. Which a stat, I barely understand where it tells you they were five and 12 but they should have gone seven and 10. Yeah, I cannot say it. Pythagorean. Yeah. Las Vegas over six and a half minus 1 42 on that.


A lot of juice. 10 to one to win the division I am violently under on this team. Wow. And I did explore the, some of the worst record, 14 to one under four and a half wins plus three 40. They have a bottom three coach QB combo in the league. And the, the history of the interim coach taking over from a disaster coach Works out, doesn't it? And Doing okay. And then people are like, you should give him the job. They're like, yeah, give him the job. And then he's terrible. That happens most of the time. The John Gruden drafts, they're still recovering from how bad those drafts were. And they have three of the best coaches in the NFL are on their division and their quarterback situation is yikes.


So basically they have a good pass rush and they have good tight ends and that's it. Devonte Adams will be unhappy. It's weird. They, it seems like there's some buzz building for them as getting a little sleepy and I, I couldn't see it less. Hmm. I don't understand it. I Like them. You like 'em? I like what do you like? Tell me what you like. I like them. Antonio Pierce led 'em to eight and nine. They're not afraid of anybody. They punch the chiefs in the mouth. You could say it was lucky. I think they get seven wins. I I have them as a playoff team. I do. I think their offensive line is good. I think they're gonna, they they could have a great tight end system here with Mayor and Brock Tower. Did they, do they have a quarterback that I don't know about? No, you don't need a quarterback. Just Say, because I checked in their quarterbacks the last time I looked with Gardner Michu and Aid O'Connell.


O'Connell. He wasn't that bad. He wasn't that bad aid. O'Connell wasn't that bad compared to, it was fine compared to who you beat the chiefs like CFL quarterbacks. They have 10 home games. if you count the two in LA like I think they're, they're in good shape. They got that Christian Wilkins who you like from Miami. I do like him. Right. Crosby Tire, they Wilson Rush Wilson Coons. They're gonna have a good pass rush for sure. They're like a gutty team. They added that Jack Jones from the Patriots. So I don't know Jack, Jack from the Patriots who got arrested. I think It's, is he arrested? Well, Not anymore. Oh right. They have touch stretch tough stretches but you know Jacksonville and New Orleans. But here's the problems at the end, Your best quality on your team is the pass rush. But you have an offense that's not probably gonna be able to score that much.


Yeah. And you're gonna be behind in a lot of games. Which kind of negates the point of having a pass rush. Right. Like I don't understand that part. I would wanna pass Rush if I had like Patrick Mahomes or Lamar Jackson not having eight O'Connell and Gardner Michu. Yeah. And I think I was probably one of the biggest Michu fans but yeah you know the the Cols, the receivers they had and the coach, they had Tiken like that's as good as we're ever gonna do with him and they didn't make the playoffs with in a better situation. Well Have two great pass catching tight ends and maybe that'll help. I think that's what they have. Michael Mayer's a great pass. Catching tight. I didn't get that Memo. Alright. Rookie. Rookie tight him Brock Bowers. I Was gonna send you a memo. I want this to be my secret but I think I have to pick one of these teams to, you know, kind of can't believe it or wherever we have the Raiders in to make the playoffs.


That's it. That's my surprise. That's Okay. So at Chargers at Baltimore, week one, week two, I think they have to win one of those two for you to be alive for that. Yeah. After that Home Carolina. Home Cleveland, there you go. And then who knows? Front seven is good. Schedule schedule's pretty tough. Defense is good. Week six to 11 is kind of tough. But I like the way they're built. They play the AFC North in the NFC all Line's good South this year. I don't see it Sal. All right, look, I'm gonna be wrong about at least 80% of these. So Wow. So we disagreed about as much as I can remember. I know a conference. Yeah. So my surprise We're not done yet, are we?


We have Denver. Oh yeah, we have Denver. Forgot about Denver. Sorry. Denver. Denver is over five and a half. Lemme Guess if you have all, Is the total minus 1 28 juice on that playoffs plus five 90 if you wanna go every year there's a five to one and up playoff team that actually makes it, if you Went down that was eight to one last week. Yeah. There's been some, yeah, there's some buzz with this team as like, wait, why is that over under so low and hey that there's been some good bone Nick stuff. Yeah. Sean Peyton year two I'm going over and I also really like eight plus wins at plus three 10 I thought was a, was a fun bet. But offensive line is good Bow.


Nick has checked all the boxes apparently I think they're gonna be able to run the ball. The wide receivers are so deep they're trying to trade Tim Patrick, which I didn't understand and I think they cut 'em, I don't even know the Case against it is they lost those Russell Wilson trade picks and they waved him and took a huge cap space hit. But I don't know. The fact that they went eight and nine last year was like, I thought one of the achievements of the 2023 season. Right. How did they go eight and nine? I would've thought they went like three and 14. Right? Well they had That married and one of the, and they would've gone nine and eight if we didn't beat them at the game. Kyle and I watched. Oh yeah. That cost us the first pick of the draft. You shouldn't have done that. Yeah, but we love Drake May but, but yeah, they were a Patriots comeback from having a above 500 record last year.


So I don't know. I I five and a half wins seems insulting. I Think their defense is gonna be bad. I think their defense is insulting. They should be bottom five pressure D They lost Justin Simmons, the all pro one to Atlanta, you know, with 30th ranked last year, year, they used most of their draft picks on offensive skill players except for Ellis. They'll give up five yards per carry. I just don't see that getting better. Yeah, you like court and Sutton and these guy, he has had like nine quarterbacks, like after a while it's, it's kind of your fault. They've had no wins at the Raiders or Chiefs since 2015. I didn't like that They end with Chargers, Bengals chiefs. It's, it's, you know, they're on the road three outta their first four to start. I, I, I'm a look I love Bo Nicks. I've seen him live, but I think this is, this is one of my candidates for worst record.


I got Denver under, I test drove them as a playoff team and I couldn't get there. Wow. But I, I just don't think Shane, Sean Peyton is, there's certain coaches that I just don't see having them having shitty teams. Right? Seven. Okay, six, whatever. I mean your Patriots didn't do so hot last year. They Didn't. That coach was good. Our coach was old and now he is died. Eyebrows. What do you got for your prop? Well, the chiefs have for the division eight in a row, they know how to win the most important games. But Crosby 15 or more sacks plus two 50. He's right there. He had 12 and a half last year. 14, 14 and a half last year, 12 and a half and 22.


He's got some help with Wilkins opening up the middle Malcolm cots on the other side at eight sacks. So he's to be considered not as many double, triple team. So that's my prop. I kind of like that. My prop is a complete zag against you and everyone else who pleads in Vegas. I like the under five and a half wins, which is now plus 1 98 For the Raiders. Yeah. Five and 12 are worse. Mm. Two to one odds. All right. You know what I like betting against bad quarterbacks. He was five and five. Ain O'Connell. There's worse. Come on. There's Than him. Can't I picked him up on my fantasy team? Aden. O'Connell's not a starting quarterback. He's not. That's your fault.


Have to have, we have to have two quarterbacks in that dumb league. That dumb. I know. That was a dumb run. All right. Any final thoughts before we move to the NFC? No, just So you have Buffalo winning the baby. I think that Buffalo winning the conference. Yeah. Yeah. Close to 10 to one. I think that's a So recap you like Buffalo to win the conference in Vegas is a playoff Thing. Vegas makes a playoffs. Those are Your two wildest ones. That's it. Yeah. And mine are Pittsburgh being the second a FC team. Alan and Burrow not to be in the playoffs and Oh, No, Buffalo in the playoffs, you're saying? I don't think I have Buffalo in the playoffs. Oh wow. Hold on. Let me, let me check to make sure that's true. Yeah. I have Just one team from the afc. I have Casey Houston, the Jets, Baltimore, Jacksonville, Pittsburgh, and the Chargers.


Oh, jet. That as my seven playoff teams. Mm. Yeah. But I might be wrong. It's Jets or Bills and a coin flip. So I think we agreed on probably four of the 16 or five of the 16. We'll figure that's the least we've agreed on. But those are gonna win. That'll have a win. Good winning percentage. Somebody's gonna be unhappy. Yeah. All right. We're gonna take this to a part two later in the week. Cousin Sal, great to see you. As always, thanks to Kyle Crichton and Steve Saru and everyone else will help produce this. Yeah, this little shout and we'll see if you, Let's do it again in 30 seconds. Okay.


Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem, call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling help line ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts, or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or text Hope NY in New York.