
You're listening to The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel FanDuel. Sportsbook is the best place to bet on the NBA. We have these fun little Tuesday, Friday player performance stuff. We have same game parlays. We have picks for me sometimes and boosts and all kinds of fun things. Get ready in the playoffs. Download the FanDuel Sportsbook app today to get in on the action. And by the way, The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit The Ringer dot com slash rg to learn more. Listen to the end of this episode for additional details. Must be 21 plus President select States's game problem called 1-800-GAMBLER. Or visit rg help.com.


Coming up. We're gonna talk football in March. Why not? It's next.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra. Michelob Ultra. A superior light beer in the ultimate trophy. Win or lose. You're bound to enjoy the ride with a good beer in hand. Michelob ultra crisp, refreshing only 95 calories, a superior light beer. No matter the game Sporter, season superior is worth playing for. So sign up for ultra courtside@michelobultra.com slash courtside and you can enjoy some of these games with nice beer in your hand. Enjoy responsibly Copyright 2025 Anheuser-Busch Michelob Ultra Registered Light Beer St. Louis, Missouri. Must be 21 plus to order alcohol. Alcohol available only in select markets.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. I put up a new rewatch. Its on Monday night. We did Best In Show. It was me and Mallory Rubin and Joanna Robinson. You can check it out on The Ringer Movies YouTube channel as well. Or you can watch it as a video podcast on Spotify. Joanna Mallory And I also did a recap of season four of episode four of White Lotus. This show is getting lit. I can't wait for everybody to see Episode five. We're actually recording that episode this week and episode five, it goes up a few levels. I'm just warning you. But I think the show's been really good. It's been really fun talking about it, about we're doing a ringer hundred best sports moments of the century thing that you can find on the website.


We've done videos. There's gonna be some podcast stuff on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel where you can find all the clips and episodes from this. I actually did a video about three of my favorite unforgettable things that I saw going to a game in the 21st century so far. So you can check that out on my YouTube channel. All right, Coming up, we are just talking football today I imported all three fantasy guys. Danny Kelly, Danny Heifetz, Craig Horlbeck from our Ringer Fantasy Show in our Ringer Draft show. Draft works in The Ringer Draft Show right around now. All three of them are on and we are gonna be breaking down our favorite things about free agency in March. I have some awards to hand out.


There's a lot of draft subplots in it too, so stay tuned. Check it out first. Our friends from Pearl Jam. Alright, We're recording this. It's 11 pt. I have The Ringer Fantasy Football guys here. Danny Heifetz, Danny Kelly, Craig Beck. And there's only one domino left that would really affect this conversation. And of course it's Aaron Rogers who maybe by the time you hear this will have a team.


But he couldn't resist taking an extra two days to decide between two teams that don't really want him. It's a fight to the death between my team and Danny Heifetz team over 41-year-old Aaron Rogers. Like literally it's wonderful. Yeah. Yeah. Who wants some less? If you guys had to pick between, Danny wants some less. Okay. I want him more. Craig actually does want him. Yeah, I do. I do want him. Alright. Can you walk me through that? Why do you want Aaron Rogers? Because he looked terrible last year and anytime he got pressured, the stats are like truly abysmal. Look, as with most free agent signings, you can talk yourself into it very, very quickly. Every, every team right now is pretty much excited. Any signing they any d lineman that some team overspends and gives $50 million to like your Patriots, to Milton Williams.


People get overly excited about that stuff. Rogers is easy. We're in winnow mode. He's better than any other option. We've already seen the Russell Wilson experiment. I don't wanna do that again. Can Aaron Rogers throw deep balls to George Pickens and DK Metcalf? I think so. Hefetz you have, you're just shaking your head sadly. So Rogers going to the Giants and just throwing in Malik Neighbors on a bad Giants team in the same stadium where he sucked last year. Just sounds absolutely miserable. Even by giant standards. Honestly, if the Giants sign Aaron Rogers, like after watching what just happened with the Jets, it reminds me of the Giants watch Jason Garrett for 10 years and then hired Jason Garrett where I, I'm almost like we almost deserve it, but I, I just, I don't want this person in my life for the next year.


Like let's be honest. But yeah, it makes sense in the sense that well, we're desperate, we got nothing else going on. One, when does that work? Two, honestly imagine for a second that giants actually get Aaron Rodgers and like make the wild card, round the division around and win a playoff game. You're like, yeah, nothing but all the other ways that this could go wrong with Malik Nabors wanting out and the whole thing being a mess. And I just, I just know that this is gonna go terribly and the idea that everyone's just like, oh we'll take a chance with Aaron Rogers 'cause we get fired if it doesn't work. Like I hate this team enough. Why do we need to make them hate me? Why do I, why do I need to hate them even more than I already do? Danny Kelly, You don't have a dog in this race. Yeah, yeah. But you cover football for The Ringer and you're on our podcast. You must have some sort of opinion.


I think it's curious that people are forgetting that Aaron Rogers just went into New York last year and got everyone fired. Are we everyone, are we forgetting? Are we forgetting that little detail? I think if you look at the touchdown to interception ratio and that is the only thing you look at. Good. And You don't watch the games. Don't watch the games. Don't look at their run game. Yep. Don't look at any of the other stuff outside off, off the field. If you only look at the number of touchdowns he threw compared to his interceptions, that's where you could talk yourself into Aaron Rogers. Everything else. You can't. That's What what I'm doing. I'm just looking at the touchdown interception ratio. I'm watching Enigma on Repeat, mainly the Ayahuasca episode and I'm, I'm ready to go.


Do you just want Tomlin to get fired? Is that really what you're going For here? Well see, I think with the Giants, if Rogers goes to the Giants, he could do what he did to the Jets. Blow it all up. Everyone's fired Day ball shaner out. I don't really think that can happen. I don't think Rogers can take down Mike Tomlin. I think it's a safer bet and they are in this weird situation where it's like the roster and the defense is kind of good enough now to make a little bit of a run. So what are we supposed to do get Russell Wilson or Kirk Cousins or, I didn't want Justin Fields back. I think it's the only thing that makes sense. Give him a two year deal. You have a decent team. Go for it. Maybe That's the argument for Rogers to the Giants. He's like an enema for the franchise. He just cleans everything out. It's like that colonoscopy juice you drink when you're about to get the colonoscopy. Oh yeah. It's a cleanse.


The cleanse juice. I, the problem is we all watch football every week. Yeah. He's not enigma. He was bad last year. He's enema. Yeah, that misspelled it. That's his follow up document. That's the Second decade. He didn't wanna get hit last year. It was obvious. And I just, I don't think he's a winning quarterback anymore. Like I, I honestly, I'd rather not, not trying to push Joe Milton on everyone. 'cause I know it's in my best interest as a Pats fan, but I would much rather just roll the dice with a young guy and hope they were good versus running back last year's Aaron Rogers and saying, well now he's a year more removed from his horrible Achilles injury and maybe he'll be crisper this time. I just don't, I, as I've said on the pod, I think even to you guys, I think Brady has ruined everyone's ability to look at this stuff rationally because Brady's ability to play until he is 45, much like LeBron who is now 40 and like every day, it's like LeBron now has the most offensive rebounds by a 40-year-old ever.


And they're just listening these stats. 'cause nobody else can play that long. I just think Brady's ruined it for everyone else. I don't think it's, I think the Kirk cousin's path of how this goes is the more realistic way this should probably go. But Aaron Rogers got what he wanted because we just spent five minutes talking about him in this podcast. Genius could've picked, picked the team yesterday we're The problem Actually. Yeah, so I, I have this whole gimmick I wanted to, but before we do that, I couldn't help but notice how free agencies seems like it might be affecting the draft because like for instance the Patriots, and we'll talk about them later, but they really loaded up on their defense. You know, they got another awesome defensive tackle to put hopefully with Barmore if he's healthy.


So that removes Mason Graham from them at number four. I'm just, there's no way they take him. Now you have the Vegas at six who traded for Gino. You have the Jets at seven who signed Justin Fields. Makes me wonder why either one of those teams would want Shado Sanders and the two guys And I heard Mache and his, his partner talk about yesterday. Like could, is there a scenario where Travis Hunter falls out of the top five? Is there a scenario where Sanders just falls because nobody in the top nine wants him? I guess my first question, Craig, is the fact that Fields is on the Jets and Gino's on the Vegas cross those teams off for you as a Sanders destination.


I think, I think you can cross off the Raiders for, as a Sanders destination more so than the Jets. I think Fields is a bit of a bridge quarterback that you could play for a little while while Shado kind of gets his, gets his feet wet and gets his sea legs. I think the Raiders DK said this. I don't think Pete Carroll wants to get started with a new guy. I think, I mean he, he was there when Gino was in Seattle because he's 80 Because he's Yeah, they're the same age. Gino and Pete Carroll are the same age, which he loves. They can talk about the same things and like I, I think Pete Carroll wants to hit the ground running, get 9, 10, 8, 9 10 wins and prove that the Raiders are like a legitimate organization. Build an infrastructure and attract free agency and try and free agents and try to be like a, a real team again and like completely change the culture.


The Jets, I think they could still bring somebody in while, while Justin Fields is kind of a floater hype Fitts, what's more realistic? The Raiders take Ur Sanders or the Raiders take Tyler Warren. So they could have taken a tight end in three straight years in then it with a top pick in the NFL draft. If you had to pick one, Well probably Tyler Warren. And then you trade back up into the first round, get Colson Loveland from Michigan get four first round Four tight end. Yeah. Four top. No one's never Done that. It's a four tight end offense. Even possible. Is it like a four receiver? Could you just put all of 'em on the line? That'd Fun. Yeah, just make the whole thing outta ta some hills. I don't know. No, I agree though. I think the Raiders, I, I kind of thought Shider was gonna go to the Raiders, but now they have Gino Smith. I don't think Shider would go there. Danny Kelly, I have a counter for both of their takes.


Tom Brady on the record a lot with how we rush young quarterbacks, Right? How these guys need time to stay there and learn how you wanna integrate 'em. That's what happened to him with the Patriots. He had like a year plus where he didn't think he was gonna play and it was so helpful to him. If there's anybody who's gonna talk themselves into, we already have Gino Smith, but let's also take Sanders six. Yeah, yeah. And put him in the Gino Smith, Tom Brady QB camp. It would be the Raiders. I don't think it makes sense. I can't cross 'em off yet though. Right? I think you're right. I think the Tom Brady element here is what makes me feel that it's more possible. I think if it was up to Carol completely, which I don't know exactly how the decision making is being made in that building to be honest.


But if it was purely up to Carol, I think everything we've seen on his record is let's build up the team, let's build up the franchise, get good offensive lineman, get good weapons, and then you drop a quarterback into the system. That's exactly what he did and tried to do with Seattle. That's, he talked about it constantly. It's like the, the number one job of a GM and a coach is to make life easy on the quarterback. That is the number one priority. So drafting a rookie in the first year of your regime doesn't make sense to me. But if the, if the plan is to let him sit a year or two, you know, then it, then you can, I think you can make that argument and maybe Tom Brady loves shider enough to kind of step in and and overrule, but I think right now it makes more sense for the Raiders to take like an offensive lineman or a defensive lineman.


Yeah. Something to build up the trenches, you know, and, and get this team ready where you can drop a young quarterback in eventually like two years down the line. Well the Patriots are screwed because at four we're all really hoping somebody trades up to four and they can move back and take a tackle. Jets aren't gonna trade up, I don't think Raiders aren't gonna trade up. I don't think that leaves the Saints who just seem like they're in hell. We'll talk about them later. Heifetz. My best chance for the Pats for either Carter or Hunter to follow the Pats at four is if your giants take Sanders at three. Yeah. And they at to this point now it is 11:13 AM PT, they still have not signed Aaron Rogers, but if they don't get Aaron Rogers the Sanders thing at three becomes a little more realistic.


Right. Definitely. I mean, to be clear, I don't think any of the quarterbacks in free agency are crossing off any of these teams through the draft because Rogers is like 41. Gino is, you know, we keep joking. He's either 34, almost 35, depending Whether you like the deal or not. You know, Justin Fields 20 million bucks. Donald. I don't think any of these, I mean Donald's the only one that I think a team wouldn't take a quarterback if they still liked the guy. Yeah. But I agree. I think the Giants with Shadur, they totally could do it. They're desperate. They need a quarterback. I also think the big thing with the Shadur and the draft is Dion. Dion is, I mean it's not a conspiracy theory. He is out on the record saying he's gonna do the Arch Manning thing. He's going to, I I always get confused Arch Archie, 'cause the old one is the go one that goes by Archie. But Archie Manning's, just like he guided Eli to the Giants should, I mean Schur Sanders is not gonna Cleveland Browns Dion's not letting him go to Cleveland.


Yeah. So I think the teams are basically the giants. I think that, I mean Shadur is obsessed with Tom Brady. That's the interesting part to me. Schur had an NIL deal, I believe with TB 12. Like should there mention Brady, his podium at the combine, like four different questions. Tom Brady came up, they've known each other for years and so I, I wouldn't be shocked there. The Saints might just take a quarterback solely because they just don't have another path to replace Derek Carr if they don't. But I'm not really sure. I think Dion is like totally the X factor in this draft. So there's a chance. So the Giants could take 'em at three. They could also trade back potentially because nobody else would take 'em. And then I, the Saints would be the only other one that needs them. I have no idea if the Sanders fan would even wanna go there.


But you know, he's not good. We're these quarterbacks are not good enough to go one two and that you guys are doing a lot of the legwork on this. Craig, is there any scenario where the quarterbacks go one, two because last time I checked Cleveland doesn't need a quarterback and just traded for one that we'll talk about in the next segment. Why wouldn't they just take Sanders if he was good enough? I think there's always a chance that bad quarterbacks go way too soon in the draft. This is what's wrong with the draft process. It's too long. You end up talking yourself into this stuff. You get desperate. Right? So the first three picks in the draft all need quarterbacks, the titans, the Browns, and the Giants. I think I'd be surprised if two quarterbacks don't go in the first three picks. Wow. What do you think Danny Kelly? I mean, I think, yeah it would, this the top three teams need quarterbacks.


This is a, you know, you traditionally see teams get a little bit desperate for the quarterback position. I think if, if it in in a vacuum, you probably wouldn't put Ward and Shara as top three picks, you know, types of guys that you would give that type of grade to. But the NFL is desperate for quarterbacks. You need to, you need a quarterback. So I don't know if I would say I wouldn't be surprised if they go in the top three, but it, it wouldn't be shocking at the same time if they, if they both go top three Heifetz, who's the most shocking person you could see actually going in the top four of this draft? I mean I think Armand Mabu, I don't know if that's shocking or not, but I think that the Patriots, I mean if the Patriots are sitting there and like, let's just say good one Travis Hunter and Abdul Carter are gone, then at this point it's kind of like you're either going defensive line, offensive line maybe.


And I think the teams are gonna have really different grades in this draft. I think that styles fits. This is a big draft. I think we're just, There's like a rar shock test on a lot of players that think that it's kind of like, you know, the beauties of the eye of the beholder. So I think that you're gonna have a lot of different positional rankings around team to team on how they look at some of these pass rushers, the interior guys, the offensive linemen. So I mean a lot of teams might have very different offensive tackle stacks and different edge rusher stacks. So I wouldn't be shocked if the Patriots just go with, I don't know, Ja, Jalen Walker, some one of the Georgia guys, we don't know which guys, you know, Mike Ramble's gonna prefer. So it might be like really surprising top five Mebo could be the fast riser guy. Yeah, because I know Craig did you, did you mention, did you measure your arm length?


Is it over 33 inches? Like could, do you think you could block, could you block an edge rusher because you gotta get to 33 plus inches apparently. Well Campbell's only a 32. How Does that translate to height? I I I actually have kind ofs long arm. I'm like a six five wingspan. So you could probably plug me into a, put you in there an offensive line. I might, I might be able To make it work. You just need to get your hands far enough out to shove the guy back and apparently will Campbell that extra half inch. Yep. There's no way we could take him forward. I I I've seen before Matters a lot to some people. So the Pats Cans not everything. Correct. The Pats cannot take Will Campbell forth when we're not positive if he's a guard or a tackle. I've said that already. I just feel like if there's any doubt whatsoever, like at that point just take Mebo.


'cause everyone's like, he's definitely left tackle. We don't know how good he is. But I've been thinking about this a lot. I'm on a lot of threads. I like what the pats did. We'll talk about that later. But the one mistake you can make I think is when you're drafting this high to take somebody just outta need. Yeah. I have never seen that really work. Right. Danny Kelly, how many drafts have you covered for us at this point? Has the, ah, this is too high, but we really need this guy. I just don't remember that ever really working. Yeah, It's, it's desperation. It, it just doesn't work in the draft. I think you just take a good player, take a player that you know is going and this is what the Eagles do every year. And this is the reason we always give the Eagles good grades in these draft grades is that they just end up taking good players regardless of where you know, where they're needed or where they're need is.


Like they keep taking defensive lineman even though they have one of the best D lines in the NFL. They keep building on a strength building the trenches, take premium positions. It just makes sense. And And I think in, especially in a draft like this where the tackle class is really deep, you could get a good tackle in the second round in theory. Yeah. You can get a defensive tackle in the second round. You don't have to take Right Mason Graham in the first round necessarily. Even though I think those guys are really good. I think Will Campbell's really good. I think Ja Mason Graham's really good. I think this is exactly the type of draft where you don't have to take for need. You can just take what player you think is the best player. Craig, who's your, I wouldn't be shocked if they went in the top four guy 'cause mine is the tight end. Oh, Tyler Warren, I think Tyler Warren. Yeah.


I just think, I think between four and nine all of those guys are right around the same if You don't need Travis Hunter, which I don't know if the Pats do 'cause they just spent on a quarterback, but I, I just feel like you could talk yourself into the running back or the tight end pretty easily and you could talk yourself into mumbo and you could talk yourself into the edge rusher from Georgia. It kind of depends on think Shamar Stewart from Texas a and m, he's another guy. Craig, do you have, who's your, who's your sleeper? I I I don't really know if it's a sleeper. And look, I'm not gonna pretend like I'm super dialed in on the, on the tack offensive tackle situation in the draft this year. But the, the guy who I think could go top four maybe for a a, a slight trade up.


I just think there's a lot of teams in the top 10 who need wide receivers. I think Tet McMillan outta Arizona is awesome and really underrated And I think because it's a weak wide receiver class, he's at number one And I think people kind of un undersell him a little bit because the rest of the class is weak. So it's hard to determine how good he is. But I really think he is one of the better wide receivers we've seen in the last five years. The Pats need a wide receiver. The Jags need a wide receiver. Yeah. The Raiders need a wide receiver. The Panthers need a wide receiver. All these teams are top 10 And I think all of them could make a move to get Tet. Yeah. Sometimes it, it worries me when there's only one really good guy at a position because by comparison to the other guys you can almost overrate them.


Right? It's like, I don't know, going to a bar and there's one good looking person in the bar and like, man, yeah that guy's so handsome. And it's like, is he that that girl is so incredible. Is Missouri 10 but in LA five? Yeah, yeah, yeah. That, that's the only part that worries me with that. I do wonder with the Penn State tight end though, with everybody so worried about offensive lines, how can we block, hey like that guy is an old school I can block, I can catch and like even for the Pats, if you just add him and it's like this will be Drake May's number one move to chain guy. This guy will help us with the block. We'll figure out the left tackle. But at least we have like, I dunno if you take him at four, but you could talk me into it.


All right. I think That's a huge mistake At four. Yeah. Tyler war Is a huge mistake. That's a massive No, I can, I'm prepared for anything. It's scarcity though. It's like there's so, it's such a deep tight end draft. It's similar to Ashton Genti and running back. I think Ashton Gente is a better running back prospect than Tyler Warren is a tight end. Yeah. But the way I look at it is, as the team, as a Giants fan, they took Saquon Barkley number two. They could have had like Nick Chubb with the 35th pick. As you notice, Saquon didn't help the Giants did he? And I look at it as why would you want Ashton Genti with a top 10 pick when you could get all these other running backs maybe in the third, maybe the fourth round. There's so many available. There are so many tight ends that could help you in the third round. Whereas this is, Unless you thought this guy is awesome, that's it. That would be the thing. If you think he's a top three guy at the position for the next 10 years, I think you have to think of it differently.


You have the Broers effect, defensive Tackles and defensive ends where I'm like, you can't Get those. I wouldn't do it. I'm just prepared for anything. It does feel like we're obsessed with saying that a new tight end is generational every year. It was like Kyle Pants, we had Brock Bowers. You never know if it's gonna work with, I think you guys should do this with your podcast. Talk about, it's like a generational fantasy football podcast. Think when the word generational is used, people just pay attention more dk Mm Do you buy the whole Gen Genti is on par with Bijon and Saquon for running backs in like the last 12 years as like that caliber prospect. I put him one tier below that. I think I, okay. I think he's really good. He breaks a ton of tackles. In fact, I think he broke PFFs record for broken tackles in his season last year.


So he's obviously, you know, gyroscopic balance breaks a ton of tackles. He's really slippery. He has some explosiveness to him. I just don't think I put him quite on the level of like the Saquon Bijan, you know, Adrian Peterson tier where this is a, That last 20 years. This Is actual a generational pick. You know what I mean? I think he is one one slight tear down and that's not a knock on him. I, I think he's really good, but I don't think I'm quite ready to put him in that tier. Well, for the Pats, I hope it's Carter or Hunter. And if it's not that it's a trade down, we're gonna take a break and we'll be back with the generational fantasy football guys from The Ringer right after this.


This episode is brought to you by vrbo, private Vacation Rentals with vrbo. You always get the whole house so you and your fellow fans can cheer on your team in peace. What's worse than watching a game with somebody who's not rooting for the same team? You're rooting for nothing. But that's why if you book a vacation house with vrbo, you know all the people in your house, they'll be friends, they'll be family. Ideally they'll be the ones who also root for my teams plan a winning vacation, make it a vrbo.


This episode is brought to by Intuit TurboTax. Taxes was waiting and wondering and worrying. It's almost like how in the old days of fantasy football, we used to have to tally the scores on a Monday and then the commissioner would just mail them out to everybody and you would wait three days to see if you won. Those were the old ways of doing it. Now taxes is matching with a TurboTax Live full service expert who gives your taxes their undivided attention. They can file your taxes as soon as today. And while they do, you get real time updates on their progress. Meaning you can get back to what's important. The game. Now this is taxes Intuit TurboTax. Get an expert now on turbotax.com.


All right, we are gonna rip through the first couple days of free agency. I did a gimmick. It's a gimmick I used to do way back when you guys have done it on your podcast. I didn't tell you what it was, trying to just blindside you giving out awards. But the awards are all from the glorious of comedy as Craig Beck has anointed the two thousands. Right up to this is the end, take me back just all of the movies from there. I'm just giving out awards. I wrote some down, maybe you'll even come up with a couple as we're talking. The first award is the Seth Rogan Katherine Haggle knocked up award for, we've known each other for a week. Let's do this. That goes to the Seattle Seahawks, Danny Kelly's favorite team.


Ah, They traded Gino and they traded DK Metcalf for a third to second. And then they said, we're all in. We're ignoring the last two weeks of the season. They didn't happen. Sam darn, three years, 110 million. Let's do this. Let's get married. Danny Kelly, walk us. I know you did this on your pod yesterday, but walk, walk my audience through this. What could go wrong? So here's the deal, Sam darn, I, I don't think he is as good as Geno Smith, however, he is 27 years old. He is quite a bit younger. He's probably going to be cheaper I think at the end of the day. And there is this theory or scenario where he could turn out to be a longer term solution for the Seahawks at quarterbacks.


Right now, this contract is actually very middling. It's a middle class contract. They can get out of it if they really had to after a year probably even though they, it's The May, it's the Mayfield contract. Right, right, right. Basically the same thing. They're, they're hoping that he can turn into a long-term solution for them at the quarterback position. Whereas I don't think Gino was, they don't really consider him that. I think, you know, and, And I said this to hyphens yesterday, it's like teams tell you what they think of players with their actions. CX clearly didn't believe Gino was a long-term answer for them. And so they got out while they, they could. And you know, they get a new guy in here. I think there's also the element of putting the Pete Carroll era to rest for good DK Metcalf, Gino Smith, obviously two guys that were really close to Pete Carroll.


And now this is like fully a new era in Seahawk's football. It's certainly A new era. I I you're right on that. Yeah. So I, I would say like I'm not super, super optimistic about it. I, I would hope that I could see the, I could see the logic or the rationale for doing it. Yeah. But I think with the Seahawks lack of, now they have no weapons at receiver with just jsn. Just jsn getting double teams. You got that Jsn and then if you can name the second best receiver on the CX right now, like I'll give you 10 points. But it's like Jake Bobo or who I don't even know. Oh my God. Yeah. They need like A, like a big guy who's fast, who can go deep.


Yeah. Kind of spread The field who could tilt the field. Yeah. Wears a visor, a field tilter. Yeah. Who's kind of in his prime with an initial initial acronym as a first name. Yeah. Yeah. So that's an acronym I really like personally. Is there a possibility of Stefan Diggs coming off another injury, just being surly about Sam darn being his quarterback, but you're paying him 17 million a year. I mean, is that in play or no? Possibly. I believe him and Clint ak have overlapped at one point in time. Hmm. Which, So probably not. But Coming off, coming off of an injury, Al also the, you know, the baggage that I think you would bring. I I would hope that wouldn't be their solution. I don't know Deandre Hopkins maybe. I think he's still a free agent.


Oh God. Danny, cover it. Cover your ears. It's, It's bleak. It's bleak. Cover Your ear for this. Yeah, I don't even listen to this part. Danny other, Danny and Craig. I kind of like Gino Smith. I thought he was running for his life the last two years. They couldn't block for him at all. He was good at the end of games. He wasn't great, but he was good. And I get that he is 34 years old, but I don't know, this just feels like moving chairs around on a boat that's sinking. What, what was your take Craig? I think Kevin O'Connell is too good of a quarterback's coach where I don't think I would ever take a quarterback from the Vikings because Right. The situation is so perfect. The offensive line, the weapons Kevin O'Connell turned Josh Dobbs into a hall of famer for a month that going to Seattle with very minimal weapons in a terrible offensive line.


Bill Barnwell wrote that the Seahawks has spent the least amount of money on their offensive line in the league right now. 2025. Mm This sounds like a disaster. The interior offensive line is getting blown up in front of Gino Smith's face every game. And now we're expecting Sam Donald to deal with that. I, I wouldn't, I look It's, I don't think like he's on the Jets again. It's like he's a little bit Oh No, A little bit. Sorry Danny Hy. What Do got Danny, you remove your ears Now you your Hands, your your mouse off hype. What do you got? I, I just, I look at the darn thing I reminds me of. I remember when I was a kid there were all these like toy commercials and they would like have these trucks and planes and they all look so sick in the commercial like, oh my god, there's like dirt everywhere. And then like the toy would come and I'd open And I be like, this isn't really as cool as it was in the commercial.


And I think that's kind of how the Sam Donald experience is gonna go in Seattle. I think he's probably the new version of exactly what your surroundings are. He is a reflection of the coaching and surrounding talent The Vikings had Justin Jefferson, who's the best receiver in the league. Jordan Addison's the first round pick. TJ Hawkinson recovered from injury, but he's the first round tight end Kevin O'Connell, a top five play caller quarterback guru in the NFL. And a solid offensive line ish average, slightly below average scheme made it offensive line better in Minnesota. Seahawks have, they're a draft and developed team that cannot develop offensive lineman, which is kind of their whole problem. So you have one of the worst offensive lines in the league. Jackson Smith and Jig by I feel like is gonna be like the Chris Olave for Clint Kubiak. And then again as DK said, nobody at receivers. So I think Sam Donald will probably reflect how the Seahawks are just a worst version of Minnesota.


Like they're not as good. And so I look at this as the money is fine, the money is actually a very reasonable contract. But overall, I just look at this as, I think it's a mix of you wanted to get younger, which is weird 'cause Gino Smith's the youngest 34-year-old in the NFL and Sam, he's oldest, He's one of those boxers that was in jail for 10 years Exactly. Where it's like exactly. He's 38 but he's the heavyweight champ now. Yeah. G Sam Donald played more games last 10 years than Gino has. Yeah. So Sam Donald's 27, but this is his 15. So he is the oldest 27-year-old. So it's kind of weird. But overall I just look at it as they probably got worse. And there's a vision here, but the reality is this is a huge risk. And also I just think there's a defensive coach element here of just sometimes when Gino throws so many picks, it's kind of like you want that to be on the coach's terms sometimes. And, And I just, I don't know, sometimes I wonder if they just want someone who'll just listen to what you're gonna tell 'em to do on Paper.


On paper, getting seven years younger, getting a third round pick and seemingly going sideways at quarterback is a strategy that makes sense. But I thought, I just thought Gino was in a really hard situation last year. I was shocked to find out Gino was 34. I somehow didn't realize he was that old. And it sent me on a Gino deep dive that led me to the ESPN piece about when his teammate punched him in 2015. Oh it, yeah. And I read, I read like four stories about that And I was like, this is, how has this not been an untold episode yet? So quick, quick question. Does the, what you just said though about how Tom Brady kind of changed everything about what we should expect from older quarterbacks.


Does that not apply to Gino because of, basically he took six or seven years of backup and he didn't really take any hits or whatever. Or is this, or or It's possible, you know, should We pay attention to this? I mean, for Vegas, he's got Bowers who's got one of the best weapons in the week. I assume they'll have like, they'll probably have a couple signings coming I would guess. Right? He's gonna be in, in some fun games, new scene, new scenario. I'm happy for him. I didn't really like what the Seahawks did. D cam, I'm sorry. That's Okay. That's okay. The next one? Yeah, next award. Normal. It's the brick Tamlin killed the Guy Award for the seemingly okay.


Situation that got completely outta hand way too fast. And that would be the left tackle drought. This hit the point. Craig, you rooted for Dan Morris as your left tackle for years. My God. Was there ever a world in any game where you were like, this guy, I bet he's gonna make $20 million a year next year because it happened. He got $50 million guaranteed by the Titans Dan Moore. Four years. 82 million. 50 million guaranteed. The Steelers offensive line has been bad for as long as I can remember. And Dan Moore, what's your Biggest Weakness? It's, and, and Dan Moore was never a site for so rise on that offensive line. I'm happy to see him go. I I offered to to fly him to Tennessee.


So we have him, we have Jayla Moore wasn't even a starter to KC for two for 30. Yep. The Ravens resigned. Ronnie Stanley for 60 million. A guy I wanted for the pats. And then I texted with Mallory Ravens fan and she's like, I didn't want us to keep him. He gets hurt all the time. Too many false starts. So congrats to them. Alec Johnson on the Rams for three, for 58 actually seems like one of the best deals anyone got. And then Washington trades a second for tonsil, which was shocking on paper. And then I think everyone kind of realized the Texans weren't exactly like the, the hogs in the eighties. And now we have this draft coming where Will Campbell and, and Mebo and Banks might all go five to six spots too high.


'cause we still have what, six, seven teams that still don't have a left tackle. Not to mention Tr Williams and the Niners who could retire like tomorrow and nobody would be surprised. And Armstead and the on Miami, like God only knows what happens to him year to year. What about you? How are you feeling about your new 34-year-old tackle? We, We, he's not even a left tackle. He is a right tackle. We still don't have a left tackle dk What, what happened here? Why are we outta left tackles? Why is this such a drip? I mean I think it, it it, this is a kind of becoming a cliche at this point, but it's just all about like the lack of development in college football of offensive wideman. The the schemes are wide open. The, they play wider splits. They don't actually do like the real type of pass blocking that you see in the NFL or run blocking in, you see in the NFLI think just it's, it's a, there's a, you know, lack of development Coming up from college game to the pros.


And you see these teams have to develop guys. You're basically now just taking good athletes and hoping that they can, you can teach them to block in a lot of cases. Not, not always, but in a lot of cases. But Jordan Mulatta strategy, Right. And I mean, you know, in this class in particular, and you've mentioned this, but a lot of the top tackles in this class are maybe guards. You know what I mean? They're either not quite long enough arm length or, you know, maybe not quite enough foot speed or whatever playing left tackle in the NFL playing right. Tackle either side. Now there's so many good pass rushers, the best athletes on the NFL field are pass rushers. And it's an extremely, extremely difficult job to be a left tackle. So, or to be a right tackle.


So I think it's just a, it's a development issue. It's a issue where all the best athletes are going to the defensive line instead of the offensive line. And I think, you know, the best teams in the FL, the teams with the best offensive lines are putting a ton of resources into it, a ton of money and have really good coaching at those positions. Like the offensive line coaches is a huge, like, competitive advantage right now in the NFLI think. So it's just, it's a number of variables. Would you say it's, would you say it's a second most important position now behind quarterback because it has sc how scarcities would you put it up over every other position? I think so, yeah. Would you High-fi I would. I mean if you look at the demand, I mean I know they're not paying left tackles as much as defensive ends, but I mean I think it is.


I mean you look at the Eagles, I mean for all we make fun of Nick Siri, Jeff St. Stalin, who's the offensive line run game coordinator there is, I mean if he disappeared, I think the whole thing he like the Mvp, He's the MVP of the team. Because you look and they're like, Jordan Otta never played football. He's like a top five right? Tackle. You take Mackay Beckton, the Jets couldn't do anything with him. He starts for the, on the offensive line today they Eagles traded for Kenyan Green. The Texans guard who's the first round pick who's been unplayable for them. Guess what? The Eagles are gonna fix him. And so what you have is to your point about the offensive line thing, we've gone from this program era of football to playbooks. It's like they used to have, Brady's talked about this like Michigan is a program, you'd be with your n NFL team, it's a program and now it's playbooks. All these kids, high school, college, everything's different. The game's more spread out as DK said. But also you're not teaching as many fundamentals.


The game itself has changed. You get to the NFL, they're half as prepared and you get half the time used to practice with. So they're just not developing it. So the handful of remaining coaches who can develop the skills, overwhelming advantage to those teams. That's one of the secret reasons the Eagles have been so good is they're just become an offensive line factory. 'cause one of the few teams that can coach guys up. Yeah. So now left tackles, there's so much demand. They're like egg prices, you're looking, you're like $9 for eggs. I'm like 20. Dan Moore jr's getting more money than Lane Johnson. This is why the Pats are gonna take Bimbo. Craig, are you an Anchorman one fight guy or an Anchorman two fight guy? I think, I think I'm an anchorman one guy in every respect over anchorman two Every respect. I think I, I think that's fair to say.


Yeah. Here's my issue. Anchorman two, is that the one where the He had the shark Yeah. In the lighthouse scene. Yeah, yeah, yeah. What I didn't like is that scene where he's pretending Doby pretend that's the same scene as Talladega Knights where he has the sta the knife in his leg. It's just the same scene. But there's a shark instead Of A knife. I haven't seen Anchorman two since it came out. I saw it And I I let it, I let it sit there on the goes To Stonewall. Jackson's Good. I genuinely think they made Anchorman two as a movie that people wouldn't think was good for 15 years and would have this belated, you know, it's actually really awesome anchorman too. I think that we're right heading into the zone right now where it's gonna come back and become a thing.


They should have made the original pitch for Anchorman, wasn't it? Just the original pitch was just a plane crash in a mountain and the plane just had Like, and it's like a live Scorpions and, and and like throwing knives. They should have just made that the second movie. Still haven't done Anchorman on the re watchable. Craig doesn't wanna do it. Oh here's one for you Craig. The Dracula of the music award for, I can't believe this actually worked Outraced the musical. Yeah, there's no way that should have been a good scene. And it turns out to be one of the best funniest scenes in the movie. The odds were like 201. I feel like the Patriots free agency has worked out. I can't believe it. We had all this money to spend, we have a cheap owner.


They were saying how free agency wasn't that good. I get it. We overspent a tiny bit on Milton Williams. I love Spillane. He was one of my favorite non patriots on Sunday ticket every Sunday. The guy's just an absolute animal. Enjoyed Matt Collins. Yeah, Matt Collins. I forgot About do like locker room guy, Mac Collins, Josh Dobbs. We're trying to get locker room guys. We're trying to win our locker room, but hey Jamal Williams on the Saints who? Scott Wave. Let's bring him too. Let's get locker room guys. Matt Collins, you save money on shoes 'cause he doesn't wear them, so that's nice. Yeah, there You go. Right? Sounds great. Yeah, craft a love that. Anyway, I'm genuinely excited for the Pats defense. Craig, talk me out of it. Craig Do the song Got far more coming back. Kyle. Kyle Duggar healthy.


Yeah, he's gotta do the song Gonzalez and Davis. Why you, you can zag on this. Go ahead. It's getting kind of hard to believe things are gonna get better. No, I can't tell Golf Drag. I could do something else. No, look, I, I think you've, you've con I it's, I don't know if it's just me reading your tweets or what, but I I do think that what the Patriots have done is rock solid. It's not sexy, it's not flashy, but they've brought in a lot of guys that feel like Vrabel guys, some of them have history with Vrabel, Carlton, Davis cornerback, great pick Harold Landry, Roberts Spillane, Morgan, Moses, Milton Williams Lane's like an old school 2003 Pat guy.


Yes. Like I could have totally seen him next to McGinness and Vrabel. We always talk like on, on our show, we always talk about culture and how that's the most important thing and if you build that first everything else follows. And it does feel like, I mean the Patriots did not have a culture last year. I don't have to tell you that. And Vrabel is bringing in guys who build a culture. So even though no one here is super flashy and my dad's not gonna text me about any of these signings, it makes a lot of sense and it's very, it's rock solid Dk when do we get the text from Mina in like June or July that she studied all the defenses and thinks the Pat's gonna have a top five defense like June 20th. When is that? Yeah, something right around there. The thing I like about the Pats, what they've done in free agency is it's kind of like the perfect example of what teams should do in free agency, which is you're hedging against what you're gonna potentially have to do in the draft.


So the, the pats can go any direction now with their pick in the first round and, and all their picks really because they, they address the interior defensive line. You know, they added linebacker, they added a starting corner, they added a right tackle. I think the one thing they still really need is a receiver. But yeah, Game breaking. A guy who could make a big play every once In a while. Yes. But they don't have to take that with, you know, their first round. Or they could usually they could, they can go for a second round guy And I think he could still be a contributor. That's the kind of class this is. So they've, they've hedged so they're not being, they're not being painted into a corner at any one position, like we said just before. You know, having to be desperate at any position is just a, it's a bad play to make. So that's, that's the one really I think just smart thing that they've done in free agency is they've addressed basically all their big needs other than receivers so far.


I, it's like we've been aligned for the entire 2020s with our two dumb franchises and just doing dumb shit and spending money in the wrong guys and picking the wrong players and just the overall sense of there's no plan at all. You're still in that, you're still mired in that hell I, and maybe this won't work out, but I actually like that there seems to be a plan for the Patriots where they're like, let's build through the lines. Let's get culture guys, let's get guys who, if you go to the Reddits of each team that lost the guy, like I went to the Raiders, Reddit 110 posts about Spillane. Yeah. People were like, oh man, I'm happy our guy got a bag. But it really, it really bums me out.


I was like, okay, this is great. The Harold Landry, Titans Reddit wasn't awesome. That was the one where there might have been an overpay, but I also think that's Abel's guy. But yeah. Hi Fitz. Do you at least feel like there's a plan here? Yeah, there's a plan. They're like everyone else. Honestly, bill, I'm stunned by this. I'm, I feel like IIII you victory lapping winning free agency victory that like the final death throw of, of the Patriots dynasty. Like I cannot believe literally, literally Belichick used to laugh at the teams that would spend all this money on day one. Right? He wouldn't be in Cape Cod, he wouldn't be at the facility on the first day of the, of free agency. Right. And I honestly, it actually, I I I actually felt a little bad for the Patriots that you were so excited about this. I didn't realize how bad it Was.


Jesus may this, you're just angry. I just feel like there's Anger here. No, I I think that I look generally speaking, these kind of handing out all this money doesn't work. Generally speaking, like again, most free agencies is just a collection of players that teams saw these guys day in, day out for five years and were like, eh, I'm good. You can leave. And so you gotta find the gems. I will say I do like when teams do what Vrabel did where you're like, Vrabel is a culture coach and when a culture coach has a right to bring in his guys, so Harold Landry not been the same since the ACL but that's a Titans guy. Robert bla started for the Titans. Robert Sains the ultimate, like if you watch Raid, found him games Every, Yeah he's every any game Robert Spa plays, you're like damn, he's everywhere. Spline is like the guy in the program who just was outta control and then it turned out, but I'm not saying he did that, but it was just like he's everywhere and you're like, oh my god, this guy's a maniac.


Yeah, That's what he Was like all last year. And Carlton, I actually think Carlton Davis is great. I mean he broke his jaw, but I think honestly what Carlton Davis does for you, his cornerback, he was in the Bucks for a long time and then the Lions Carlton Davis let You play main then the past C had him. Yes. So they, I mean 'cause he was on the Lions last year. That was one of the things that seems like they were grabbing a lot of dudes that they had a history with, which made me feel better. Right. And that's, that's usually how it goes. I think the Davis thing's huge. 'cause you can play man coverage now. Very few teams have the cornerbacks to play man coverage. I think that flexibility is awesome. I think the cul, you're overpaying for culture frankly. I think that having all this money reflects how little players you've drafted recently worthy of extending Milton Williams. Honestly, Milton Williams, 26 million a year.


He played 25 snaps in the Super Bowl. He gave him 26 million bucks. He's a rotational player. I don't think he's being paired with Christian Barmore. If anything, I think Christian barmore the blood clots. I don't know what's happening with his career. Right. Like if anything, I think that that might kind of come out after the draft. I don't know what's going on there. Overall, I think it's okay to just pay a ton of money to bootstrap yourself back to being competitive, which is what I think this is. But also rarely does it work where you're spending all this money in free agency and everything's fixed. But honestly the Patriots roster was so barren that they do need to just do something. But overall, you kinda look at these deals in two years and suddenly two years later you're like, oh, well if we cut Milton Williams we could save like $16 million. That's generally how it goes. You, you say you're, that Belichick would be laughing and, and not even be paying attention, but it's Belichick's fault that the Patriots is in this position.


You sent, I think just screenshots of their drafts. I sent you like four drafts in a row. 20 17, 20 18, 20 19, 20 20. Even 2016. There's not really, Don't forget about trading back out of the Trent McDuffy spot and then taking Cole Strange right in front of Carl Loftus, the all time double win. Did you trade, did you trade out of the lad McConkey spot too? Yeah, We did that last year. Yeah. Yeah, the quarterback, The Chargers got, had more catches than the receiver the Patriots got. Yeah. But, which is kinda a summary of the deal. My point is basically, look, if you there, there are, you know, it takes a little bit for it to really show up and, and, and make an impact. But if you miss on a draft buster, if you miss on two or three draft classes, If you miss on two in a row, it's death.


It, it's, you know, a couple years later your roster looks really bleak. And then you have to spend in free agency to just fill holes because those are the types of guys that are supposed to come in and play role playing positions, you know, be average starters at the very least. And if you get zero of those guys in a draft, or if you get zero of those guys in two or three drafts, your roster is bad after a couple years. So that's exactly what happened here. Craig. Craig, if they take Hunter four and say he's gonna be our number one receiver, but we're also gonna use him as a Nickelback, is that one of the most exciting developments of the season? Because it would be for me, It, I understand that it would be for you. I don't know if it would be for me the most exciting, but, okay.


I Hy has convinced me on Travis Hunter that wherever he goes, it'll be incredibly exciting. I think I was a little bit lukewarm on him, but I've come around now that maybe the guy who played two positions in college and nobody said he could do that. Maybe he could just continue doing that in the pros and music. Maybe He could just be awesome as a pro. Can you do a little more attractive to the musical before we move on? And if I see Van Helsing, I swear I'll slay him. All right, next one. The Borat stays at an old Jewish couples bed and breakfast award for Uhoh. I have a bad feeling about this one that goes through the Jets and Justin Fields, two years, 40 million. We've all kind of glossed over this And I gotta say, I've heard some takes about it.


He was doing well with the Steel wars before they put in Russ. It's like, no he wasn't. No he wasn't. Craig, you were, you're a Star Wars fan, you were watching those games. Did Justin Fields ever at any point make you feel like we've got our guy No. Lock him down. Of course not. There's just, we watched those games. It was like the whole reason Russell Wilson got the job is 'cause Fields wasn't quite good enough as a starter. There are certain guys with a rushing floor, but such a limited ceiling where you're so trapped in mediocrity where Justin Fields is just fine enough that if the rest of the team is okay, you can win seven, eight games. Which is probably what the Steelers would've done had he stayed the starter. But the Jets Heitz won on a whole rant.


I should just have him do it again about, dude, do It again. Justin Fields Is the most jets quarterback ever. Go ahead. E he's, I mean, Justin Fields was born to be a New York jet. He's been practicing for this his entire life. He was bath in the light of the New York Jets. I cannot think of a more Jets jet that hasn't been a jet yet. It reminds me. Yeah. There's are critical factors to being a jet slightly famous enough that people know your name exciting enough that when fans pull up your highlight reel, they're gonna talk themselves into it and gonna have moments where there's a Jets Fans who don't wanna be in, are gonna get reeled in. However, you also have to be bad enough where, you know, start to finish the entire time it has no chance of working. And that is Justin Fields to a, to a t That was Levion Bell.


I mean, that was like Braille Edward. There were all these Jets free agents in the past that you're like, there was no chance this was ever gonna work. And you feel stupid forever talking yourself into it. But they did talk you into it. Justin feels is like the epitome of it. And I, I, I can't believe I didn't see this coming in advance because Justin Fields, he was honestly born for this. Neil O'Donnell was a another great one way back when the, oh wow. You left out one thing with your Jets blueprint, which I agreed with. I thought you did a great job. Like around week six when it starts getting sad and they come back from commercial and it's like Chiefs 34, jets three, and they're just showing a sad guy in the stands with a Fields jersey on. That's the last piece of it, because the Jets fans will buy in and they will buy the jersey and then around week six, week eight, it's sad.


I just, I don't think he's a starting quarterback in the sense of you can actually win playoff games with him. Dk you, you agree with that, right? I mean, yeah, I I was one of Justin Fields' biggest believers. Yeah, I remember coming on the draft. I loved him. I just think he, he, he doesn't, he just holds onto the ball two damn long. Like it's, it is the, there's no is the fatal flaw. I don't, he Will get a, a great win And I don't there, that's one other aspect of a Jets quarterback. Yes. Much like Zach Wilson. Like Zach Wilson beat the Chiefs one game. Justin Fields will beat the bills. Yeah. In like week six and everybody will love it. And then that'll be the only thing they can talk about for the next eight weeks when they go one in seven. The problem is you never know. I mean, you never know Baker Bryce last year, Bryce Young outplayed CJ Stroud.


If I had told you that at the end of September, you would've laughed me out of the room if you thought that's how the rest of the year would go. Like you never know. But I, He's gonna be more exciting than Aaron Rogers on the field though. Yeah, Well So there's, so there's that. Yeah. And I think the fans will want 'em to succeed. All right, we're taking a break And I got more awards.


This episode is brought to you by the new Mjm Plus original series Nine Bodies and a Mexican morgue. All right, here's one for the mystery fans. There are 10 passports, nine bodies, and one deadly secret. That's the setup for nine bodies and a Mexican morgue. The new MGM plus original series that'll keep you guessing till the very end. A plane crashes deep in the jungle. Nine passengers survive until they don't. One by one, the survivors start dying in brutal, mysterious ways. Now they're not just fighting the elements, they're fighting to stay alive. Starring Emmy Award winner Eric McCormick. This gripping thriller will have you second guessing everything. Watch nine Bodies in a Mexican war streaming. Now on Mjm Plus with new episodes Sundays, by the way, great movies at mjm Plus


this episode is brought to by LinkedIn. During the season, every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a hot month or two. You need sustained dominance throughout. Well the same is true for your small business. It's not enough to have a great Q2 or even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires. That'll be there for the long haul to find those hires. Use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates from unique skills and interests that the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


All right. This next award is from Super Bad a movie we all love. It's the Seth drinks too much and accidentally headbutts. I'm a Stone award. This goes to the Jaguars. I never understand what they do year after year, but this year they waived Christian Kurt so they could spend one year 10 million on DMI Brown. And I just wanted to flag it. It's a seemingly small thing. Nobody's hurt. It's an innocent kind of dopey free HC thing. But it just to me sums up the Jaguar. It's like, just keep Christian Kirk and don't wave him and don't take the cap hit on him. Now you're taking a cap hit on him and you're paying Dami Brown who had what? One good playoff game. I just, I don't think the Jaguars will ever get it.


And one of the reasons they'll never get it is because the owner's son who runs a team also runs a W and writes all the scripts for it every week. And I just don't think they're on the ball is my take. Literally, Tony Kahan, who the son of the owner of the Jags showed up, I think last year's draft. Was it where he had the neck brace from whatever they were doing at a w the Draft? Yeah. Did you do an AW bit? Yeah. Yeah. Which is a good summation of how the Jags are run. But yeah, giving di Brown $10 million. He doesn't have 800 receiving yards in his entire career. But I just keep thinking about when we were at the N NFL combine in Indianapolis, I went to the press conference for the new GM of the Jaguars. It said Jaguar's, G-M-T-B-D on the, on the, on the list. 'cause they had just hired him like four days earlier and then like this Jaguar's PR staffer comes up and adjusts the mic and then he just starts talking.


And I was like, oh my God, this guy's the Jags gm, he's 34 years old. We called him Doogie Hauser. Right? Because he just looks like a child is running this team and then you look what they're doing. And I'm like, well either Trent bulky, they just used all his homework that he had collected or it's an actual child running the team. 'cause nothing they've done makes makes very much sense. It's, it's been terrible the whole time. And somehow they almost beat the Patriots in a pivotal game in Foxborough and were leading in the second half with Blake Bortles. And that was like the one moment, I think for your, for your show next year. I think Craig shows up for the combine with an old school Ray Allen Sonics jersey and tries to pick a fight with Jordan Schultz. 'cause his dad is the reason. That's good. I match Starbucks.


I could match his size a little bit. I'll tell him to pick on some of your own side. It's a good battle. Yeah, it's a Kevin Durant. It's a good battle. I think it's good publicity for the show And I, I I just think it's a good game plan. Okay. Anything else on the Jags before we move on? Because they just, Jordan, The Jordan Lewis contract was the worst contract anyone's given out free agency so far. He's a 30-year-old cornerback who is like, is a 30-year-old slot, 30-year-old cornerbacks don't get paid guaranteed money. Yeah. And slot cornerbacks don't get a ton of money. Jordan Lewis, I believe the Cowboys gave him two and a half million dollars last year. He's getting 10. He had 20 million guaranteed 30 overall. IIII actually don't know if he would've gotten five from another team. I I it's actually an inexplicable contract to give him 20 million guaranteed. When he is basically the oldest cornerback whose size so far The Jags, they never disappoint.


All right. This next award is from Bridesmaids. Nice. It's the Annie takes sedatives and has a drink on the airplane award for single worst game plan that goes to the Cincinnati Bengals. Mm. Who seemed to be the only team that doesn't realize you should just pay your guys six months early instead of a year and a half too late. And a lot of people have been talking about this this week, but they're just fucked because they haven't taken care of Chase. They franchise tag kagans. He'll probably hold out Hendrickson wants a trade. And then in the middle of this they paid 8 million a year from Mike Kiski, which is like, so you guys need to find money, but you're also gonna pay this tight end.


This is the easiest position to find anybody for a million dollars. I don't understand what they're doing. I will say this though. Trey Hendrickson last year was unblockable down the stretch. I know their defense sucked, but that guy was, was, was a beast. And I don't understand any of this. Danny Kelly, can you explain one aspect of it or are they just cheap? Is it they're just cheap is the Answer. I think the kaki thing is, is very interesting. Who are they competing against? Who are they negotiating against? With that one? I, I'm curious and then why would you sign Je p Ryan spend, spend any amount of money on a running back when you Right. Just find That guy in August. You just picked a guy in the sixth round. Who is your starting running back in Chase Brown or Fifth Round or whatever it was.


I mean, learn that lesson is that you don't have to put any money towards the running back position. Save it all for t Higgins and Jamar Chase. And, but like if you look at all their signings, it's basically just like, man, you really should be using this money to extend your superstar players. It's, and you can just find all these other guys in free agent or in the draft. It's, It's like they're procrastinating. It's like they have a big paper due and instead they're like organizing their closet and signing. So totally find signing Mike Kaki. I'm, I'm vacuuming my house instead of working. Yeah. I'm really hoping for Joe Burrow to go NBA player on this whole thing and start like the best thing that have the NFL is if Joe Burrow is represented by Clutch and just leaking passive aggressive stuff out, like they better take care of these guys or else I feel like he already has, has he not?


Well He, but nobody takes that seriously in the NFL 'cause it's such like a facelift. He really needs to own it. Can you, well, miles Garrett was the closest I thought anyone would come that he took the money. But I, I will say Joe Burrow, imagine being Joe Burrow and spending the whole year just campaigning of like Paymar Chase Pay t Higgins pay my guys. And then you get the, he gets the notification on his phone and it says Bengal sign Mike Kiki, it's 24 million deal. And he's like, what? Like I can't even imagine being burrow in that moment. Yeah. That's terrible. Are you upset Kristen Wake didn't make more comedies. Craig Craig, you know, feels like there was like two more bridesmaids in her and just she didn't want it. No, she's tried. She made that like Barb and Star go to Boca Raton or whatever. I didn't watch that. It hasn't worked for her. It's bad. Yeah. I'm surprised there Was no Palm Spring show wasn't great.


Yeah, I'm surprised there was no Wedding Crashers. Which team? Shit in the middle of the street. Listen, wedding. Wedding Crashers is Coming up. We do have a shit not theme wedding. I about wedding. Yeah. Bridesmaid shitting in the middle of the street. Oh we have, this is happening. It's right right now. Coincidentally it's our next to Word. It's the Melissa McCarthy. Look away. Look away. Not a word which has to go to the Saints. Hmm. I don't think there's a more depressing team in the league than the Saints. They it, And I tried to understand the Derek Carr thing where they, they're paying him more this year but they also don't really want him as their quarterback. And it just seems like they're punting on this season and they're like, well shut from a million years ago when, when Sean Payton was here and we just kept pushing like I don't really fully understand the NFL salary cap and all the machinations of it.


'cause it just ke seems like you can just keep shoving money forward and do what the chief's do and some other teams. But the rub of it is this their car situation where you can't shove it anymore and the guy stinks and now it's like, and now you're in this Russell Wilson Denver type of situation. I would be so bum out. The same thing is Actually the same thing's actually not as complicated. It's, it's kind of complicated. But the simplest way the NFL teams, when you hit the hit the cap, you, it's very easy to get there because you can just change the contracts. 'cause anytime you Yeah, like Mil Williams, oh five year deal, it's a three year, it's two year deal and there's three team options. That's why you don't hear the team option language in the NFL. They're all team options.


Right. So the NF so you can just decline the team option, which is called cutting the guys and you get under the cap the NBA. That's not how it works. Right? 'cause they're guaranteed contracts. And so you're under The captain like, like the Sixers, they're just Now you screwed with Paul George Embi now. Yeah. And that's your Picasso, the trade machine. You move it like Tetris pieces, the Saints have created an NBA situation for themselves in the NFL where they can't get rid of any of their players. So they have to trade it like Tetris pieces like an NBA team. 'cause they're stuck with everyone. And the biggest one they have is Derek Carr because they're just frankly going about this like, it's like a late night on Bourbon Street and they don't want the night to end. So now they have to work with Derek Carr who they don't like Derek car doesn't really like them and they're stuck together 'cause they can't move his deal. So that the only thing they could do is keep pushing it down the, the ca the road.


'cause they can't get rid of him and no one wants to work with him. It's brutal. And they have the ninth pick. And if Sanders is there, I think they have to take him. Right. When are they other, you know, and unless they just don't, I just don't know what they do. But is there, Craig, is there a team you'd less wanna be a fan of than the Saints right now? No, sadly. No. They're number one, right? No. Even if your jets are giants, like giants, you could be like, oh, we have Malik neighbors. Well we're in New York. Well, we have a good defensive line. I don't know what the case is for the Saints. No, it's, it's bleak. I think they had a nice wholesome off season. The Saints too. The, they are constantly and consistently forever overconfident in what they can do.


You know what I mean? They, they, I think they probably believe they can compete this year and honestly in that division maybe they can. I don't know. Yeah. Well I went to Saints Reddit just to see what the vibe was. It's grim. Yeah. People, I think Saints fans really don't like Derek Carr from what I've heard. They really don't like Derek Carr. They weren't doing back flips about Chase Young for three years for 57 million. I'll tell that much. Yeah. What does that solve? Yeah, they, and they were, they lost a few guys and it's pretty grim. All right, next one. This is for Craig. Hmm. It's the Stepbrothers Catalina Wine Mixer Award for single funniest concept. And that goes to the Steelers. If they sign Aaron Rogers and have him throwing footballs to DK Metcalf and George Pickens.


Yeah, that sounds like the worst idea ever Or the best one. Is it so sane that I just blew your mind? I have in, I have in mind a different stepbrothers quote, which is when Dale and Brennan first meet. Yeah. And they're standing in the driveway and, and Dale's like, I'm Dale, but you have to call me Dragon. And Brennan's like, well then you have to call me Nighthawk. That is George Pickens and DK Metcalf meeting each other. These guys are gonna be unbelievable. It's gonna be like a WWE event every time they have to block 2, 5, 10 corners. Right. Our corners couldn't be more scared of any team than the Pittsburgh Steelers coming to town. No, I look this is, I'm, I'm all for this entire circus coming through Pittsburgh. Dude, The best, the best strategy every team is gonna have against the sealers this year is just start fights with DK Metcalf and it's like the Dennis Rodman thing.


Just go get in their heads. Get in the heads of Pickens and DK Metcalf and it's like, Yeah you should, you should get Isaiah Stewart from the Pistons and just have him just suit up and just try to start fights. Heifetz, what's the worst idea? Paying a second round pick and 30 million a year to DK Metcalf. Oh. Knowing, knowing that George Pickens is going to take this personally and immediately also wanna get paid or having Aaron Rogers as your starting quarterback for those two guys, if you had to pick a worse idea, Probably Rogers. 'cause he is just gonna get hurt and then, then you're gonna go back to Russell Wilson or something? No, I, I think, oh I actually kind of, Yeah, I Actually like the Metcalf move Rogers, Oh there we go.


Let's hear it. Okay we go. It's streaking you. Like that's it. You're just saying you like it. You have no evidence. Anything. I like Metcalf for the Steelers. I think Pickens is crazy. Like my rule of thumb is if Mike Toman gives up on a receiver that he can't handle, there's a reason like Antonio Brown, when they gave up useless Deontay Johnson's been on three teams since the Steelers got rid of him. If, if Mike Tomlin's like I don't wanna get rid of Pickens. Pickens is useless. And so I actually think to your point, I don't think they're gonna pay Pickens. I think they got Mecal. Yeah. So they let him, they know Pickens is out. Right. And I think they're gonna get rid of them. And then at that point I, I look at the steel Steelers things as related as two midlife crisis teams that are going about it in different ways. The Steelers went and got a a sports car and the Seahawks kind of just shaved their head and they're like, you know what?


I'm just kinda like this is the new medium Resetting. They lost way stop dating meat. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Going on a darkness retreat. Yeah. Yeah exactly. I think I was like one of the last three Pickens defenders. Craig's probably last Craig's There, I'm there Still. But when he, when they ended the game with the brown Hail Mary and the Thursday night he, instead of trying to catch the pass, just decided to start a fight during the play. At that point I was like, I think even I'm out on George Pickett because that, it's just insane behavior. Oh, Sarah Marshall we're back again. The Peter Brener hooking up a Sarah Marshall Award for I'm happy for you, but are we sure this is a good idea? Chris Godwin three for 66 and everyone's saying, no this is great.


That's a great price. He took a discount. Did he, did he take a discount because he had a tornado sale a couple years ago. He had like a really badly broken ankle last year. So now he has two major leg injuries. He's about to hit his thirties. And like I was, I gotta say I was worried this was gonna be like a Pat's overpay. I was worried they were gonna give him like three for 75 or something. I don't know if this guy's gonna stay healthy. Why are we just penciling in Chris Godwin to be awesome again? Anybody? I think from the fantasy point of view, and this is a, a strategy we have started to adopt on the show is just avoid anybody coming off of a massive injury. Major injury.


Because it usually is the year after, the year after they get, you know Right. Get back from the injury that they start to play well again. And and honestly, Which was last year for Godwin. That last year was the year after. The year after he and he was Incredible. Right. But yeah, I mean it, it it, you can look at so many different examples of guys that they, whether they reinjure the same thing or they have some sort of compensatory injury where they're, you know, like their muscles are trying to make up for like weakness or whatever from coming back from an injury. It's just so, it's so hard for these guys to get back to where they were. He's getting older. I think Godwin is kind of built diff he is, he's an incredible athlete and everything you hear about him, he is an incredible person. But yeah, it, it's, it's risky to give him that much money coming off of this massive injury like that.


I think there's A little bit of just like good guy tax, culture tax. Everybody loves Chris Godwin by all Account people. People are saying he got a deal on it. He Fitz you had that with Saquon right? He came back from the A CO and it was an extra year before he looked like Saquon Again, it's the perfect example. Stefan Bell actually wrote a lot about the city of espn but basically it's just ev honestly it's funny. Adrian Peterson came back from the ACL and ran for 2000 yards and everyone talks about that hasn't happened since he's the outlier. Yeah. But everyone else like in Saquon's obviously also a crazy like freak athlete. People always come back aren't the same and the people are like, oh I'm out. And then the next year they're gay. Like my a fantasy sleeper. I'll tell you about in August, TJ Hawkinson, he looked great in the second half of December 'cause he was coming back from the ACL L Yeah TJ Hawkins is gonna be like my favorite tight ended fantasy this year 'cause he's fully back.


So with Godwin the Patriots offered him more. I think he turned it down. He did because he wanted a rehab with the same people. Which I think makes sense. I think that I agree actually. I thought the sticker shock was kind of crazy for someone with the injury. But that's one of those situations to remember with all these, the bucks know about the injury better than everyone. So if the Bucks are willing to give him the money, I think the it means that the Bucks aren't as worried about it. If the bucks worried about it then that would be bad. The Way that he plays too, like running, he mainly was outta the slot last year, he moved back to the slot. I think that's a little bit different than trying to be like this guy that wins on the outside against one-on-one coverage and you know all that stuff. His role I think could give him an opportunity to still be productive. But I think at the end of the day you coming off of a major injury, it's, it's scary.


Also, di Brown got $10 million. I'll give God one a little over 22. Two Atwell got 10 mil. Craig is that Sarah Marshall scene when they hook up again and then stop? Is that a top 20 aborted blowjob scene for you in movie history? Top 10? Where would you go? Single white females one. Oh I have a giant folder under my bed. I'd have to go through that. Yeah, check that out. You do it on re watchable on Monday.


This message is a paid partnership with Apple Card. If you wanna take control of your finances, apple Card is where it starts. A credit card that can give you up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase. I have one I can tell you this is true. I know and love Apple Card so many places I can use it. Especially during a busy time of year with football, basketball, the holidays all at once. I can use my Apple card on tickets to a game, a gift for my dad or even tickets as a gift for my dad. Plus anytime there's a new Apple product, it's a lot easier. Apply for an Apple card today. It's easy. Just go to the wallet app on your iPhone. Again that easy Subject to credit approval Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecart.com.


This episode is brought to you by Emirates. We all love the thought of a vacation to Europe, but have you ever thought about looking a little further like Dubai, a city everyone talks about has absolutely everything you could want from a vacation destination, from world-class hotels, record-breaking skyscrapers and epic desert adventures to museums that showcase the future, not just the past. Choose from 96 flights per week between the United States and Dubai. Book your flights on emirates.com today.


Hey old school the Mitch hooks up with a high school senior award for Uhoh. This isn't aging well this goes to two aging guys. The Rams dumping Aging Cooper Cup so they could overpay aging. Devonte Adams two for 46. I don't understand this either. Mm. Unless they just think Cooper Cobbs Cooper Cobb's body is is shot. Which I would probably tend to believe them. Heif it's, what'd you think of this one? I liked it. I think it's just one for, it's one for 23 and then I think they could get out of it with like 6 million dead money in 2026. So it's like whatever. But it's really a one year deal for 26 million. And I think they look at it as wow, our defense is really young, really cheap, really good.


What if we just win the Super Bowl this year? 'cause Devante is that like stagnant ex outside receiver that the Rams offense kind of needs now. 'cause the first version of it was like Robert Woods and Cooper Cup and then the next version of it was like Brandon Cooks as the X receiver makes everything else works. Like you need a reliable ex, like an actual true threat as the outside receiver. Brandon cooks, they almost won the Super Bowl over your Patriots. When Odell was there, they got to the Super Bowl and won it with the Bengals. He got herd mid game. The whole thing changed. Like Devonte is in that role now. So I think this is just, you know what of all this Cap money, Devonte's the closest of all these old receivers to his peak form. I don't say he's peak but he's closer than Cooper Cup or these guys. Let's just like make one last run trying to weave together the old and a new, kinda like the Warriors where you have all these young guys, all these old guys, they have the old core of Stafford, right?


Keep Stafford, keep like Rob Stein and like moving on from Cup and like Devonte kind If you can. So Adam is Jimmy Butler in that scenario? Honestly, yes. Actually I gotta say I, I was really, I liked Ty Fitz's football terminology during that little rant there was that, I think Devante Adams come a long way. It was good. You were talking X and y spacing. I was, I was impressed. Were you say I'm Fanatic static Nine years. I know all my letters. Yeah, it Was good. He, the Rams receivers, almost all of them making catches are off of motion last year and he gives them, and what he said with the static thing is he can just line up on, on the line of scrimmage, get open. I I, I don't know about the NBA com comparison, but Devante Adams kind of reminds me of an old guy with like knee pads and goggles at the y his game.


That's name of Craig. His, that's Craig like two years from now. Yeah. Craig, his game just translates or, or ages? Well I think because he is, he's all about, you know, route running hands, body positioning, setting up guys. And I think he doesn't, he never was really this guy that relied too much on speed. It's kind of like the Andre Hopkins thing where, you know, even if he's not very fast, he just wins because he is so savvy as a route runner and positioning. And I, I assume he's gonna get on the same page really well with Stafford. Stafford's always made receivers. He, we call him the king maker and fantasy. He's, he's the receiver king maker. He feeds his guys and, you know, until there's no tomorrow. And so I'm excited.


I it makes me happy Bill, that you're like a little down on this because from my point of view, this is scary as a Seahawks fan that they signed Devante Adams. I don't, I hate it. He won't be on my fantasy team. Craig. Devante Adams won't. I don't, I it checks a couple boxes for me. Guy getting older guy with didn't have as good of a season last year as the stats say guy changing teams again, who's a receiver. That always makes me nervous. I don't like when receivers change in general. There's A chance he's better for the Rams than he is for your fantasy team. Yeah, I think that's definitely true. Also, wait, picking a pick up basketball bill. We're we're on the street. Are you, are you gonna unre retire? No, my wife vetoed it. Oh, I can't afford to get divorce Heif.


That's, that's really what it came down to. She's like, you're not playing again this, this could be a real issue for us. And I was like, okay, good to know. Oh, let's go to, this is the end. Nice. The Michael Serra. And this is the end award for most hilarious cameo. It's gonna go to somebody you're not expecting. Anthony Richardson. Ooh. A two year cameo pastor through our life. Oh, amazing Combine got super excited. Went flying up the draft. Oh my god. This guy, he's like Cam Newton with a and And I guess we're done now. Kind of like Michael Serra in that movie where he's just, Michael Sarah's been murdered. Okay, what's that? He's, I guess he's not in Anymore. Anthony. Anthony Richardson is overthrowing running backs in the flat and getting impaled by telephone poles.


Is it bad Danny Dimes is standing over him holding, holding a giant thing. Yeah. Open the bathroom. So they signed Danny Dimes for one for 14 and the Cols are saying we want these guys to compete. And in the words of James baby Doll Dixon, I wish them a lot of luck. That sounds like quite a competition. What are your thoughts Craig? I think d Daniel Jones has definitely become underrated And I think he honestly probably just does all the things that Anthony Richardson does but better, which I can't believe I'm saying. But I I I, you know, I I I understand wanting to commit to Anthony. We're just in one more time. But you need a good backup who's gonna come in and immediately be better and make all the fans upset. And that's what Daniel Jones will be this year.


Is, is Dimes qualified for your two years after the injury rule Heifetz or no? No, because I think there are a few quarterbacks no one talks about as they were never the same after the injury. But they don't get put in that bucket. Daniel Jones was never the same. He had this neck injury. His spinal injury. Yeah. And he lost his deep touch after that. And he was never the same like he used to be really aggressive in 2019. He had this neck injury. Carson went, was never the same after the ACL Mariota had a nerve injury in his arm. Like we never talk about him that way. To Craig's point though, just have to say a ton of things Anthony Richardson does. Way better than Daniel Jones. Yeah, I don't think Daniel Jones. I'm not kidding. There's a point that he literally couldn't throw it further than his two receivers. CAIRs Tony can throw the football further Yeah. Than Daniel Jones can. Well Anthony Richardson can only throw it further than all of his Receivers.


Yeah. He keeps his over throw his guys by 20 yards. They're like, it's like they're like a feet in the freezer, head in the oven and like together. They're average. If they could just put like their skills together, I think that they would be like a really Good quarterback. See I think Daniel Jones can complete passes, which I think is important in the NFL in 2025. And for the, the Colts who can run the ball, they have a good offensive line. They have decent receivers. They just need somebody to put the ball in in guys' laps. And Daniel Jones could do that. Daniel Jones just in the bathroom like Juice Box. I think he's Active. I think Daniel Jones is actively bad. I think it's, I think an Anthony I think it's a wrap. I almost, this almost made me wonder They do they do this as a way to boost Anthony Richards confidence. Like if they think this could still be our guy, well what do we do?


Well we'll bring in this guy to challenge him but the guy hasn't been good in three years and he's gonna kick this guy's ass. It's almost like you're Well isn't that what Joe f Flaco was And then Joe Flaco was better than him. Yeah, well I guess yeah. But, But Daniel Jones isn't actually better than Anthony Richardson is the thing. No, it's the beginning of Rocky three when Mickey was like staging all these tomatoes for Rocky to make Rocky think he was this invincible champ. And I think Daniel don't, Jones might be a tomato. He Fitz's joke for the longest time was he's worried about Daniel Jones crossing the street. 'cause he has no peripheral vision. He gets sacked and he fumbles more than anyone in the world. He Lived in Hoboken. I'm like, he's gonna get hit in that car. I guarantee it's The hood of the cab.


Dunno, I had, I had Anthony Richardson on my fantasy team last year. I watched every snap. I Mean that was tough. It Was not a fun experience. That was like when Kevin Clark almost got, I think he did get hit by a car crossing to go to Starbucks. He Got hit by a car more than once. Super, Super. No per no peripheral vision on Kevin Clark or Daniel Jones Blaming Kevin. It ran up on the sidewalk. One of there, one of the ones was That's true. Why was he on the sidewalk? The Matt Damon zero trip cameo award for the most unexpected moment of joy for all of us was the Bills just randomly getting Josh Palmer. I thought of Craig immediately. Craig's never, you have the most stock in the sky. Do you text Scotty doesn't know. Do you have A texting relationship with him?


Like are you friends with him? If he's in town, do you eat dinner with him? Like how does it work? Yeah, that's why I'm bumped. He's now in Buffalo. He's, he's geographically as far away as he could possibly be from me. And we used to meet every single, every weekend in and out. Look, it's a great deal. Three years, 36 million for Buffalo. They got a professional wide receiver who all the nerds out there and me. We get it. We understand the underlying metrics are there with Josh Palmer. It may not have worked last year. He was beat up a little bit last year. This guy has great hands. He has good size. He's a good route runner. He's immediately the best Rob receiver on the bills other than Khalil Shaki. And he's just a professional football player. He makes every team better. I don't know who wouldn't want Josh Palmer. I like him too. I try.


I was playing a Madden season with Drake May And I traded for Josh Palmer. I just put 'em right on the pets guys. I was thinking that rant Craig just did about Josh Palmer. Yeah. When he, they're in the five spots during the, as you guys are getting closer and closer to the drafts, you could just run that as a video, like on a loop like in speed with Keanu Reeves standing next to the bus driver and Craig could go like pee, just run the same rant overnight. Like you'll get a glass of water and just run the Josh Palmer rant and go. I was like, I'm excited for Josh to Josh Heitz. Josh squared. I actually think there, there's some sort of, yeah, I there's something there. I Like it. Well Josh, Josh squared is really good. I like that. Now we're gonna have JJ to JJ and Josh to Josh.


We got lot that going on. There's all kinds of ways we can go A lot of J's, but I mean overall I think that's like a peak underrated receiver room of like Khalil Shaki and Josh Palmer and Keon Coleman. I think that's gonna be like the indie receiver room. Everyone's gonna the Most likable. Ooh yeah. Yeah. Josh Palmer. Guess how old he is? 25 years old. Yeah. I liked him. I love Josh A for the Pats. I, I was be A 20 wide receiver in the NF L's saying he's the contributor to a good team and the bills are a smart team and they know what they're doing and Josh Palmer is going to be relevant and, and contribute to the bills. What Percentage of your love for Josh Palmer is? 'cause three years ago I was like, I, Josh Palmer will never do anything in the NFL 75% of it. Yeah.


Mostly 'cause I didn't like him. I like Josh, I'm rooting for him. We don't have to talk about this next award, but I'm just gonna throw 'cause we talked about the top, but the Damien Cockburn dropping his cast into the Jungle Award for craziest idea that just might work is if the, if, if the Giants could just take Sanders at three and send Hunter or Carter down. I'm gonna be focused on this for the next six week next award. The Danny McBride making breakfast award for the transaction that randomly brought me the most joy. Kenny Pickett traded to the Cleveland Browns. Yes. For DST in a fifth. I stared at this for 20 minutes. How did they decide that a draft pick should be involved?


Does this mean the Browns are gonna start? Kenny, you Pickett, how did Harry Roseman get a draft pit for Kenny? You Pickett. I I And and if you're the Browns and you're one of the stupidest teams of the last 10 years, should you just ever trade with the Eagles under any circumstances? I loved all of the aspects of this trade. Does anyone wanna take a crack at trying to explain this? This is this the Danny McBride like butterfly? Yeah. Yeah. Going across the street. Oh yeah. Do you think during their negotiations with Miles Garrett? Right. You know, when he was deciding should I leave or should I stay? They said Don't worry, we're gonna bring in a Super Bowl winning quarterback. Yeah. We Have somebody, we have somebody in our back pocket sign here.


We did a, we did a bit on the show for a long time during Kenny Pickett's rookie year. That was just Kenny Pickett facts. And it was like every Kenny Pickett stat was just sadder than the last. Every Kenny Pickett stat was just the saddest thing you've ever heard in your life. Josh Dobbs came in and like passed more yards than him in like two games versus, you know, Kenny Pickett's entire season e every Kent Pickett, Kenny Pickett fact was funnier than the last or sadder. Who's the Eagle's backup now? McKee. Tanner McKee. Yeah. Yeah. I would add that to the sad Kenny Pickett facts. Tanner McKee made him expendable. Apparently He probably threw more touchdowns than Kenny Pickett did in his entire time in, in Pittsburgh. I think Hey team wanted Dorian Thompson Robinson over Kenny Pickett.


Right. Kenny Pickett Facts. Hi Fitz. Is there a chance Craig is talking himself into Kenny Pickett as like a sleeper stealth fantasy starter and like August 10th? Oh yeah. I was still like 80%. Okay. Because you've always kind of deep down liked him a little bit. Chris I, he had a little fourth quarter Tebow magic to him And I, nobody wants to admit that, but he did. There, there were Eli In the Eli Year. There were moments, I'll still never forget that fourth quarter, like over the shoulder touchdown to Najee Harris that won in the game. He still, he has moments. I lost some stock on him, I'll tell you that much. I bought some stock before that 23 season. That was the, I invested The, the best moment of the last like three years in the NFL media was during the preseason of Kenny Pickett's second year where he was like 15 for 1,580 yards in two Touchdowns.


Like that made him a captain. And for A week everybody was like, we knew this was coming. He showed signs. Yeah. He's a professional now. The playbook. Joe Montana, he's comfortable. Yeah. Like this is the guy. He's got the clutch gene that he was fucking terrible immediately. Yeah. Yeah. My new rule is I'm just gonna ignore every single thing that happens in the preseason and just stick with what I thought in July. All right. Only a couple more. The Simple Jack Award for most inevitable box office bomb. The Miami Dolphins. I, when do the over unders come out? When? When can they come out? Fandel, FanDuel, can you just put out a dolphins over under now I'm going under, I don't care what it is.


Is it eight and a half? Under seven and a half. Under six and a half. Fine under I. They can't make the under low enough. And Zach Wilson for $6 million where he rent it home. But it was like that's the, the Tyreek trade request is coming. They lost Jevon Holland today. There was an article about hey they got a chance for Joey bso. They're one of the finalists. It's like cool. He plays four games a year that fits right in with the rest of the best guys on your team. They are still 43 to one on FanDuel to win the Super Bowl. I'd like to announce I'm booking that bet. If anyone wants to bet 43 to one on Miami Dolphins, I will book the action right here on The Bill Simmons Podcast. That team's gonna suck.


Simple Jack right there. Anything to add? Heifetz Mean, I think the Dolphins are built like frankly like a Miami cocaine bender of it's all like just speed and cool shit. It's just Tyreek kill and Jalen Waddle and speed and cornerbacks. Yeah. And it's like they haven't eaten food in like three days. There's no good guards or defensive ta tackles and like they just have no protein and they now it's just like they've been awake too long and they're kind of getting paranoid Tyreek on the team in September. Danny. Mm I'm gonna go No. Feels, feels Charger Z to me. Yeah. Mm. I think, yeah, I dunno. Charger Chargers have been quiet so they just lose Josh Palmer. They desperately need Some speed. They need, They signed Bosa.


They Signed Nae Harris. Which is like the opposite of what they, they need people who can run fast. Not Naji Harris. Yeah. I think Dolphins can be terrible. Craig, anything to add on Dolphins before we go to the last award? It's like the madman quote. I don't think about the Dolphins. Okay. I actually, I have two more words. I have the, the I love You man Award for sneaky best signings because I think I love you man has become the sneaky best comedy of the two thousands. It just came out. There were too many comedies. Yeah, it just kind of came and went and I think it's a solid, I think it's a re watchable candidate. Yeah. I I think it's really good. I agree. I haven't seen it in a while. I need to watch it again, but I love that.


I love You man. Just came out oh nine was just a glut. It was like, it was like the one that when the draft has like receiver gluts and there's just so many, it's like, whoa. Brown went. Now if a movie like Thomas 25th If a movie like, I Love You Man Came out now. I would like camp out overnight at the theater to see it. Oh My God's. Alright. So sneaky best signings. I mentioned how much I like the Spillane sign to New England. I just love that guy. But I, Drake Greenlaw to the to the Broncos really jumped out to me because that's another one where it's coming off the injury and now there's been enough distance and he just fits in with what they do. I just, that one jumped out. I was like, ah, that's a, that's a really good one. What, what was your favorite sneaky sign in dk?


Ooh, that is a good question. I think You could say Josh Palmer. Even though we already talked about him. Josh Palmer's a funny one. DJ Reed to the Lions. I don't know if that was sneaky. No, no it was 'cause they got rid of Carlton Davis and basically paid DJ Reed less to play the same position. I've Been a fan of him. I think he's a good cover corner. He has ball skills. He is he the way he plays, like he has an attitude. He brings an intensity to the defense. I think he's the perfect Dan Campbell defender. They needed some help on in in the secondary And I think he's a, he's a really smart signing for them. What do you have iFit? I have the same one. I I, that one I don't understand what was going on there. DJJ Reed Outplayed Sauce Gardner last year for the Jets like DJJ Reed was just straight up better.


And then you look at the Jets bringing in, I think Brandon Stevens for like 12 million a year. I'm like, skip DJJ Reed 16 in a world where Carlton gave us 20 again. Jordan Jordan for the, went to the Jaguars Jordan Lewis for 10 million a year. I'm like DJ Reed 16 team. He's actually good. So I think that that for the way Detroit wants to play defense, I think most of the signings in the first day of free agency are you look back and you're like, eh, that's the one where I think you could look back and be like, oh my God, if Detroit's making the NFC championship game again, I think that could be the difference. I thought the Pats were gonna get him and they went with Carlton Davis instead because the DC coached him. But I also think it felt like a, an attitude pick. He's like a big shit talker, like tough guy. And I think they, they want the defense to have guys like that.


But I, I thought, I thought DJ Reed was really good last year And I agree with you. I thought the games I watched, it felt like he was even, what do you have for your sneaky sign and Craig, I'm gonna stay in house and I'm gonna say Darius sleigh to the Steelers who Hmm. Pretty much just have one solid corner in Joey Porter and he's a great veteran presence. I mean the guy was a starter all through the playoffs for the Eagles and just like a sneaky, he's 34 years old, but this is the the perfect type of guy to come in when you're, when you're in this like win now mode. So I think him opposite Joey Porter is a, is an awesome one year deal. Did Aaron Rogers get signed yet? Because I only have one more award.


He's just gonna wait till Thursday. It's He's milking it. Yeah. He's he's gonna, he's gonna wait to release enema. Part history Documentary thing. Enema Enema. The enema of the Empire State Enema from Religion of Sports. May 25th. All right. Last award. The waking up in a trash Vegas hotel room with a splitting hangover. A random baby, a tiger in the bathroom, a missing tooth and a missing Buddy award goes to the San Francisco 49 ERs who lost everyone on their team. I know, I know. And they weren't good last year. They lost Toga, ward Greenlaw, Kinlaw Deebo, Aaron Banks, Jalen Moore, Hargrave ek, they overpaid Aou who immediately got hurt.


They locked up McCaffrey right before his inevitable injury that everybody knew was happening and now they're about to overpay. Brock Purdy. This feels like a car going off of mountain in slow motion. It might, it might've already gone off the mountain. Dk You have to be ecstatic 'cause there's no team you hate more than the San Francisco 49 ERs. Oh, I don't look, I don't wanna jinx anything. Can the other two answer about this one? I I, right now it looks good. Good. Alright. You got it. Looks good for me. But yeah, I, yeah, no, I think this is bad for the Niners. I mean, again, Brock Purdy was making about as much per year almost as Dak Prescott made per quarter. And now Brock Purdy's gonna make as much as Dak Prescott a year. Probably somewhere between 50 and $60 million a year. And this is the cost, it's the eight guys. I'm a big believer that actually Kyle Shannon's on the Andy Reed timeline, very similar offensive wizard.


Don't know about the game management getting good enough that you're getting far enough to be criticized for not being the big one. Kind of like LeBron early where it's like Andy Reed four championship games in a row could, wasn't the guy and Andy Reed had to go to another team. I kind of wonder if Kyle Shahan is gonna be just as good of a coach as people thought, but he's gonna need to do another organization because I don't like where this is going. I don't know how much longer John Lynch is gonna be in that GM spot. And I think that, I mean this is the, the guys losing are just a good draft class. And I don't know what happens as these draft classes thin out how this team's gonna age. I think frankly like all these guys are so competitive and locked in and when you get that close, the idea of rebuilding on the fly, it's like emotionally very challenging. So I, I am very pessimistic where the Niners are going the next few years.


When you said Andy Reid timeline, I immediately thought through the year when they went like four and 12 and he got fired. Yeah, I, I think that could, I think Kyle Shahan might win a Super Bowl, but like with a different team, he needs a reset. Because one question that I think people will probably start thinking about when we get to August, 'cause there were so many coaching jobs that flipped is what are gonna be like the big coaching jobs in January, 2026. And if you, if you're just going, if you had to like handicap it, I would say the Niners and the Dolphins would be the two. Were, is there another one? Is this ERs would you throw on there? Well, I think Heitz, you know, maybe you should want Aaron Rogers because if he blows up the New York Giants enema and Cleans house.


Craig. Craig. Craig. Well be fair. To be fair, I said big coaching jobs. Oh Right, right, right. I'll say Sha, I didn't say coaching jobs. If Shanahan was available, bill, what is the right, because you talked about how like the real market price for Kobe was like 75,000,001 year. 'cause they were just paying fi they could have saved 50 million to cut him and like the real price. What should the Giants pay? Kyle Shahan if he in, in theory, like you could tell me he's worth $60 million a year. And I'd be like, okay, it's not my money. I do, is it weird that I don't rate him as highly as some of the others? I think he's a good coach. Well, you've never been on him, but I just feel like they've lost a lot of games in the, you know, third, fourth quarter. A lot of big games over the years. Even going back to Patriots 28 3.


Like, I, I don't know how that doesn't hang on him at least a little bit. Like that team never comes through when it matters over and over and over again. And even, you know, I, I don't know. I I think he's a good coach And I, is he one of the 12 best coaches in the league? Sure. But I, I don't, I wouldn't value him like that. To me, I would value somebody like Tomlin way more where, And I know Tomlin drives, you've had him forever, Craig, he probably some things about him that drives you crazy, but he hasn't had a good quarterback since like 2015, 16, whatever that last good Roethlisberger year was and we Haven't won a playoff game since. I was Gonna say you could argue Shanahan hasn't either. I will say this, I think that Shanahan's been winning in the fourth quarter in the Super Bowl, three of the last 10 Super Bowls. And the Steelers haven't won a playoff game in that time.


True. I just, I I think he's fine. But if, if he's like the savior in New York, first of all, his interviews are a little weird, right? Kendall Roy? Yeah, he is a little, I don't, I don't know how that would play. It's tough his Whole cur, I mean he is like a Jimmy g overthrow away from having a completely different Yeah. Right. For Trajectory. Right. But he's also a No Brock Purdy away from, he would've been fired two years ago because that Trey Lance thing would've run the franchise into the ground. So I don't, I don't know the answer, but I don't know. Would you put him dk would you put him in like your top five coaches? 'cause I would not. I I, I rate him pretty highly. I don't know about top five.


I'd say top 10 for sure though. I, I feel pretty confident in hi in him as a guy who can get a lot out of the talent he has on offense, which means a lot in the FL. Right. And you know, like the ability to go in and, and have a very good offense with a the last pick of the draft, you know, and he's done it with several different, basically every, anyone who goes and plays for the 49 ERs is gonna average like eight plus yards per attempt. I think there's a ton of value in that. No coach is perfect though. You know, every coach has like a, it feels like every great coach has one thing that's like they're really bad at Kyle Shanahan's is like the late game collapses. I know 49 er fans are probably pretty sick of that. But I Dunno.


Well to, but to be fair, that was the Andy Reed thing. 'cause that was when I was writing football columns and basketball columns all the time. And Andy Reed was a, I had him in the playoff manifesto. I'd never bet on Andy Reed in the playoffs. He was like rule number six and he had a lot of bad ones and they piled up and it got to the point where he said, eh, this guy, this guy has a fatal flaw. So I don't know, but it does feel like this feels like the end of the line for, for the diners in a lot of different ways. All right. So we didn't get to talk about the Joe Milton sweepstakes. The Bears beefing up both lines. JJ McCarthy time for the movies that I think we hit every movie. Except we didn't talk about Mean Girls didn't talk about Dodgeball.


Pineapple Express any award you wanna just pull outta your back pocket Craig just with no prep at all. Oh man. Bang. We didn't do road trip. Bang. Don't what's bang. Don't don't pride. But who does that go to though? I used to carry this when I was Aaron Rogers sweepstakes don't. Alright, that's good. All right. This was fun. So when's your next podcast? Tomorrow. Alright, well maybe Rogers will have decided, but my guess is he won't. Who's gonna milk this for all He wants? Two teams left. Danny, Danny, Craig. Great to see you guys as always Craig, I'll see you tomorrow when it's threatening to become Sports Movie Month on the re watchable.


Do you want to announce it now? No, but it's another sports movie. Okay. I've never seen it. I'm watching it tonight. Alright, great. Good to see you guys. Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Danny and Danny and Craig. Thanks to Kyle and Ga. How, and Sir Rudy as well, don't forget you can watch all the clips and videos from this pod on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. Don't forget about Rewatch Wells Best in show Prestige TV hitting white Lotus episode five's coming Sunday night And I will see you on this podcast on Thursday.


Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem call 100 GAMBLER or visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or text HOPE NY in New York.