
You're listening to The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel FanDuel. Sportsbook is the best place to bet on the NBA A. We have these fun little Tuesday, Friday player performance stuff. We have same game parlays, we have picks for me sometimes and boosts and all kinds of fun things. Get ready in the playoffs. Download the FanDuel Sportsbook app today to get in on the action. And by the way, The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit The Ringer dot com slash rg to learn more. Listen to the end of this episode for additional details. Must be 21 plus President Select states game problem called one 800 GAMBLER. Or visit rg help.com


Coming up and NBA playoff mega Preview. Plus, I'm gonna do my NBA awards picks and a whole lot more. It's all next.


This episode is brought to you by Mic Loob Ultra Mic Loob Ultra, A superior light beer in the ultimate trophy. Win or lose. You're bound to enjoy the ride with a good beer in hand. Michelob ultra crisp, refreshing only 95 calories, a superior light beer. Beer. No matter the game, sporter, season superior is worth playing for. So sign up for ultra courtside@michelobultra.com slash courtside and you can enjoy some of these games with nice beer in your hand. Enjoy responsibly Copyright 2025 Anheuser-Busch Michelob Ultra Registered Light Beer St. Louis, Missouri. Must be 21 plus to order alcohol, alcohol available only in select markets.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. New re watchable is coming for you on Monday. You can watch all the old episodes we've done on that feed, which is a video podcast now on Spotify plus Ringer movies, our YouTube channel. You can watch all the clips from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. We are a video podcast now, which I hope you realize, Celtic City. So we have episode, episode eight coming on Monday night and it's the one about how everything turns into two thousands heading into the KG air. It's really good. You're not gonna believe this, but KG is a good interview so you can Check that out on Monday night. But in the meantime, because there's no basketball, we have a couple playing games and then everything kicks in this weekend.


But go check out Celtic City on Max. The first seven episodes are up. I was on Jimmy Kimmel live last night promoting It was great to go back. It's been 21 years since I worked for that show, which is incredible right there. There's, right now there's 21-year-old people probably insulting me and Jimmy on social media right now. That's how long it's been since I worked there. But it was awesome to go back. Coming up on this podcast, Rob Mahoney and Chris Ryan join me. We're gonna Preview our favorite round one playoff series and then I'm gonna do my NBA awards picks and bounce them off those guys once and for all. So that happened. And then a couple days ago, Brian Windhorst came over to watch one of the playing games with me and we just went into my office and we taped an hour plus about just a whole bunch of evergreen basketball talk, which was really fun.


It was great to see him. I've known him for a long time. So that is today's podcast. First our friends from Pearl Jab. Alright, recording this part of the podcast on late Thursday morning Pacific time. Rob Mahoney is here. Chris Ryan, the NBA Culture Ombudsman of The Ringer is here.


That's a great new title. Big Picture Czar of The Ringer. You just kind of float in with takes. We're gonna try on some Thursday nights at least to, to have the three of us reacting off of some of these games. But I wanted to go through my NBA award stuff with you later. I'm gonna talk about the series first because we just got news that Dame Lowed is playing in this Bucks series and the Bucks Pacer series now is, is a stealth most fun possibility for round one Mahoney series. You're most looking forward to outta the eight. Now we don't know the two playing matchups yet, but I, we assume those are gonna be blowouts, but what's your, what's your favorite outta these eight? It's Rockets warriors. I just think it has all the juice.


You could ask for all the animosity, you could ask for a lot of people who are just kind of assholes to play against. And I mean that in a very complimentary way. So between like the, you know, jet fuel athleticism against the old savvy champions angle plus all of that going on. Like, I, I find it hard to pick anything else, Sierra, that checks a lot of ear boxes too. Yeah, I kind of wish they would bring in soccer yellow cards to this series where they could just flash a bunch of them in the beginning. I'm really excited for this one. I was really nervous for the Warriors watching that Grizz game, watching the Grizzlies come back, felt like the Warriors crowd kind of died a little bit in the second half as like they were getting clawed back into it.


They got A little nervous And yeah, and just the, you never wanna go into the playoffs with your two best players grabbing at various extremities. So step's thumb, Jimmy's ankle. Yeah, I'm excited to watch this ver very, you know, version of the Warriors, but the Rockets do seem like they were built in a lab to screw with them. You know, what makes all that stuff better is when Dylan Brooks karate chops it, you know, just take some body blows from a Stephen Adams screen, you know, Thompson blocking your shed. I'm sure it's gonna go great for everybody. Well, Stephen Adams has already reminded everyone that Draymond has kicked him in the balls two different times over the course of his career. Yep. Like, that's not even a top three feud in this series. It would Be amazing if like, as Tipoff was starting like a, a cage match cage came down and it was just Dylan Brooks and Draymond in the middle, and it was like, we're gonna settle this right now, Brother.


I had a couple Warriors fans in my life who were very upset at me because Mahoney and I did a podcast after the Lakers Warriors game. And of us were like, that was really interesting. The Warriors really seemed like they have a handle on a Lakers matchup. I, we liked what we saw, like that team makes sense to us as a win multiple rounds. And then after that Clippers game, I expressed real concern like that, that, that they didn't totally look like they knew who they were again. And Zach and I talked about that on his pod on Monday. I didn't even know about the Minga benching until the next day. I thought he was hurt. And it just seems like they punted on Minga and this is Rob a different team than they were when we did that Lakers Warrior Pod where I thought Minga, I think he brings them something extra athletically, physically, just as a bigger body if they're playing Kawhi Leonard, LeBron James again against Houston who has a bunch of physical wings.


It just seem, and they're gonna play a big lineup. Yeah. It just seems like you need them, but the Warrior are done with them and now I feel like they seem really small in this series. This is a classic small ball, big ball kind of matchup. I'm way more worried about them than I was two weeks ago. Is that recency bias or what do you think It's, I Think they've kind of always been that team and they've, they've shown some of those limitations as far as you know, how much do you trust Golden State in the half court? The good news is probably you trust the rockets less in terms of executing their half court offense. And so this matchup works for them. But I agree with you, they're very small. The Minga element is such a, a, such a perfect encapsulation of the warriors who I think at every turn have prioritized rowing in the same direction.


Philosophical alignment as opposed to, oh, what's like the other counter element that we can bring in to give us a different speed, a different punch. Other coaches, other teams, other structures might welcome a Jonathan Minga type under those circumstances. Yeah. But also is he get, is he really the answer? You know, if you're, if you're struggling with a LeBron or you're struggling with a Luca or one of these teams that have big wings, at any point in the playoffs, if you're struggling with Tara Easton for that matter, is Jonathan Minga really the solution? I I'm, I'm still a little skeptical of that even though I respect the talent Or was he the best possible solution out of all the other available options they had? Yeah, but they, you know, cr you mentioned we, the Curry injury Possibility Butler.


Just the fact that it's an older team and you have this young hungry team of pit bulls going against them that also has home court advantage. I can't figure this series out. What do, what do you, what, what are you looking at on Butler? You could tell me at the end of this series that this was like a version of like the early Great Thunder teams that came out and just ripped the Spurs apart. You know, like where they Yeah, they lost the first two and then they just, it wasn't that they won the next four after losing two to the Spurs, you could also Tell 12, right? Yeah. That's, And could also tell me that this is too much too soon for Houston and that Wiley wise Golden State are gonna carve these guys to pieces. It feels like a, a real like clash of the Titans to me, in, in, in terms of like the two coaches are both awesome.


I think that everything offsets itself. So there's like, you can't say that Draymond and Jimmy are gonna mentally dominate the Rockets guys or like trick them too much because the Rockets have plenty of guys who are just like, I live this dark art shit too. Yeah. So it's gonna be like one of those, like, I don't wanna miss a single moment of this series. I'm sentimentally hoping for Warriors to advance just because love watching Steph in big, big moments and I feel like the Rockets are gonna be around for the next 5, 6, 7 years. Yeah. There's, there's some NBA historical stuff with this series that makes me nervous for the Warriors. One of the things that makes me nervous is Tuesday night they got 75 points from Stephan Butler, right?


That's about as good as those guys are gonna play in a big game and they barely beat a Memphis team that doesn't play defense, right? So you look at that and you're like, all right, that's your best case scenario. If you're not playing Domingo, you have no other wild cards for points. Kind of need those guys. Maybe you'll have some, some variance with some threes. Yeah. For the most part, you need Butler and, and, and Curry to be between 60 and 65 points realistically. And Butler's not, you know, in the playoffs he's been a little different as we we've written about, but you know that it's a lot of points. It's a lot of points to make up. So unless it's a rock fight from Houston side, I really worry about the upside of Houston if I'm a Golden State fan.


Oh sure. That there's, is there another level this team can go to? What is Amma and Thompson gonna be like on a giant stage like this where it's like, Hey yo, shut down Curry. They make this your goal for two weeks. Take this guy out. What happens if they're just throwing big physical swings against Butler over and over again and then the offensive rebounding and the big boy lineups. She goon Draymond Guardian a trying to guard Shang goon. This to me is a series where you could tell me they have those bets where you can bet on any outcome on FanDuel like Houston and five is plus seven 90 Gold State and seven is plus five 30. You could give me any of those bets and I'd be like, yeah, I could see it.


So Warrior sweep them. Sure. Maybe Rocket suit them. Yeah. All right. Warriors are minus 1 66 favorites. Rob, did that surprise you? Because Rockets have home court. It doesn't surprise me. I think I take everything you're saying about the physicality, the athleticism, and I, I wanna reinforce like both of these things can be true. The Rockets have had an amazing season that has been super fun to watch in terms of a young team that's just well ahead of the curve. But if you are a young team that's ahead of the curve. I don't wanna see a, like a Steph Curry in a series, a Jimmy Butler in a series a Draymond Green in a series. Like there's a level of collective savvy there, especially between those three that has been so comfortable and so natural. Like we've seen them run these just seamless three man actions as if they've been playing together for years.


And that's where I think you get some of those random points, right? If those three guys are in, in concert, Quent Post is gonna spring open for some threes, Gary Peyton's gonna, you know, go baseline for some dunks and get some cuts. Like you're gonna get random points outta that stuff. 'cause the rockets eventually are gonna freak out. And so it doesn't surprise me that the Warriors are favored despite being, you know, the undercard in the series. I just think there's so much respect for them and there's so much even sentimental value as you were saying, Chris, like a lot of us kinda wanna see it and I wouldn't be surprised if a lot of betters kind of wanna see it. Yeah. I don't wanna be in a world where the Warriors made that butler move a year too late. Yeah. Which is entirely possible, but I, I wanna believe in another Warrior's run and it's kind of funny with the NBA where I, you know, my, the season of the team that I cheer for like exploded on takeoff.


So I have been what Team is that? I forget who's Your team? I have been sort of roving around, but like, this is almost like previously on the Golden State Warriors, things were going fine. Yeah. So I need you guys to level set for me. Like I don't really remember the fourth best player on a team getting benched going into the playoffs. It's not good. Well, well you mentioned some of these young guys, the rockets that we don't know what we're getting. The warrior have guys who have never been in a situation where they've been counted on in a series like this. Ge Santos might have to play is playing You Don Dunno, GE Santos background. He, he could have played high level competitive basketball anywhere Moody. They actually really, really genuinely need big stretches from Yes.


They need him to guard whoever is hot. Like if Jalen Green's having a hot game, ultimately I think it's probably gonna be him guarding that they're gonna need people to protect the boards. There might, this might be a, a dust off Cavan Looney series. Oh yeah. Who might see Jackson Davis who we haven't seen in forever. I just, if the thing that worries me the most out of all the shit other than the home court is I haven't seen a better, nobody believes in a situation in around one in a while. You have this rocket team that's had the two seed locked up for a week that already is pissed off and has an edge and has a coach who could not be less afraid of Steph Curry and LeBron and has already talked shit to both of them in the last year.


And he's gonna get these guys, I watched him do it in Boston. These nobody believes in you we're underdogs. If nobody don't have Game seven, Steph is the favorite, you know, the the favorite character during the gonna Get week all the calls. Yeah. Right. Yeah. They, everyone's against us. The refs are gonna be against us. We're gonna go, we're gonna have Golden State fans in our arena. Nobody thinks we can do this. I just feel like he's gonna be pushing that, pushing that. But the question for me, cr who is the guy? There's gonna be three games in this series with three minutes left, and now I have to match baskets with Curry and Butler. Who's it gonna be? I was gonna ask this and I was gonna ask about the dangers of Dylan Brooks thinking it's him. Well, Or he always does. See you could go through, he could have a draft.


It's like, what if Fred Van Fleet thinks it's him? What if Dylan Brooks thinks it's Tim, we we could get ugly pretty fast. Yeah. Jalen Green also will think it's him. This, this is kind of part of the, the Rocket's conundrum is they don't have a natural level set. Like they don't have a place where when everything goes to shit, the ball finds a certain guy, it's a little bit clawing it out. And sometimes it is like Albert and Chang goon making ugly stuff sort of work and fighting through, like fighting through pressure, fighting through good defense. I don't really trust their half court offense at all. In terms of the first shot. The question with them as, as we kind of saw in that Memphis game for Golden State as well, is how many second chances are you giving up? Especially if they stick as big as the Rockets usually wanna play.


Like they, it it may not be, it may not matter if Fred Van Fleet shoots 36% from the field. If you're just constantly getting second opportunities. Bill, will you give me the money to go to GoDaddy and register a site called he thought it was him.com. And every night after one of these games, I just put up a picture of the Rocket who thought it was him. It's Jack Landell. Didn't expect to see him. I, I was trying to think of what the narrative, it's, it's a fun exercise when you're trying to think of what's gonna happen. To just think what the narratives would be after the series and what we last, what's leading a podcast title, you know? Yeah. What they're talking about on First Take with the Golden State.


The ones are easy. Like, oh my god, Steph did it again. Yes. Wow. They just beat a team that, that that was definitely better than them. Oh my God. Playoff Jimmy. The whole thing is, Is that want for that moment of like the, the Warriors are back, it's another Steph run. Is that a healthy thing for us? Like I I I struggle with that of like, do are are clinging to guys like Steph or LeBron, are we clinging to them in the way that I'm clinging to like Tom Cruise jumping out of a jet? Yeah. Like is it coming at the cost of something? I'm ready for Austin Butler. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like I'm ready for That's on Ben Thompson. I think I'm, I I for, for as bad as it might be for ratings or for narratives. I'm excited at the prospect of New Blood. You know, people might be like, who the hell wants to watch Houston KC in the Western conference finals?


Like, I think it'd be pretty Awesome. That series would be Amazing. I would love that. Yeah. Yeah. But from a narrative standpoint, I think the guys that could come out of it from Houston's side, are she goon? Yes. And clearly Thompson, which I think there's a disparity now between the people that actually give a shit about basketball and watch it. A lot of them work for us and they're, it's to say, Hey, have you seen Thompson? This guy's incredible. It's, you're not breaking any new ground. But there's a whole level of casual fans that I don't think have any idea what's going on with him. How athletically, how different he is. There's some people that voted for him for defensive player of the year, have him in the top three. I I had him second team all defense. It made me rethink like, did I, did I fuck that up?


But in person, it's unbelievable. And what he did to Steph a week ago or a week and a half ago now, it was notable. All right. So we have that as the most unpredictable ready for anything series. The other one I would put in that category guys is Pacers Bucks with Dane playing this Pacers team that has looked awesome for the last three months basically. Right. They, they, if you look at the conference odds, they're 28 to one to win the east. And I think those odds are nuts. I think those odds should be way lower because they are gonna play, if they beat Milwaukee, they're playing Cleveland in round two. And I, I think they could throw some haymakers at Cleveland.


I just think 28 to one. Like if you consider like if they beat Milwaukee and Now you have to be Cleveland, maybe something happens to Boston. Yeah. Maybe there's an injury. They're better than a 28 to one win. The East Dame playing now I think is gonna screw up the odds and make people think Milwaukee has a chance. Giannis is the best player in the series. CR why don't people believe in the Pacers yet? I don't think they've gotten a chance to watch 'em. I think this is like a good corollary maybe even to the Rockets where your difference between, I watch national games and kind of keep up on pods versus I'm out here. Just getting deep into Mhar tape is pretty, pretty wide gap. And I would probably say that I'm a little bit in the former camp. Yeah.


So it's like I I I know everything that has gone on with the Bucks this season, they are getting Portis back as well. Is that right? I don't know what he's back, Yeah, back. He came back the Last couple things of the season with that. But like look, I just think that it would be so funny if the Pacers just got like a weird slip and slide track back to the Eastern conference finals again. And that this was like a sneaky great team. I do think best player in the series has gotta be honest and I still think I'm kind of leaning that way. Yeah, I mean the Well That's your take. Giannis is the best guy in the series. Well you want a big picture. Yeah. That that was a Big one. I'm, I'm also not a cardiologist.


Like, I don't know what's going on with Dame's, like this blood clot thing. It did make me a little nervous though. Like, no, now he's fine. Yeah. Thing went away. It was, it was miraculous. But yeah, it's, it's definitely a mark. Do you think Indiana's underrated or properly rated Rob? Underrated? Almost perpetually. Yeah. But I think some of that is the struggling outta the gate earlier in the season. The skepticism that Chris is talking about in terms of, you know, like their playoff run last year I think felt so fluky to a lot of people based on the injuries in the field, based on some of the opportunities. It felt Blazer. Yeah. It, it felt A little blaz. I think that's fair. But I also think they seized every opportunity in front of them and I think they've continued to do that and really righted the ship. Not just offensively but defensively. So I am happy to be neck deep in Andrew Emhart tape and, and to be an advocate for the Pacers here on a, on a national platform.


I think they've been really, really good. I think they're better than most people realize. And I think ultimately more balanced than most people realize between the depth and the defense that they've played over the back part of the season. They're just a really good team, top to bottom. My biggest issue with them is how stupid they are at the end of game sometimes. Yeah. They're my number one draft pick for, I can't believe you guys just lost that game. They had to have been the number one team that, that you would say that about this year. And I was looking at like, some of the odds with them, like to sweep the Bucks it's plus nine 20. That, that's insane. They're not gonna sweep the bucks. They're better than the Bucks. They could just put four awesome games together and Giannis could have his 35 and 20 any game and they could still beat them if they shot.


Well, I think there's too much three point variance with them. The bucks are plus four 90 to win in six and plus five, 40 to win in seven. And the scenario that would scare me if I was a Pacers fan is you lead the series and you're like, how the fuck did we lose that series? Mm. We're up nine in game one. We turn the ball over three times, all of a sudden the bucks are down two and Dame hits a three and we just blew the game. They do this shit over and over again. And I, this is one of those, I don't know if I'm even touching the series from a gambling standpoint. I Mean the, I dunno what to expect. I don't really wanna bet against Giannis because Rob, he seems like he's, he's like been pushed to the edge. He's John Wick.


My dog has died. Yeah, but you can't somebody to, it's Keanu Reeves being like, I keep getting injured on these movies. This needs to end. Yeah. Right. Or If he is like, you fucking woke, woke up the Baba yaga, I'm back. You know, like, I'm, I'm here to take my cornerback. And Like that's where I think the day in return is such a huge deal. It completely changes the matchup. It also changes it from I am a, a battered man who had to carry this team over the finish line for the back part of the season. I'm dragging like Ryan Rollins on offense to make this thing work. Yeah. And Now you have potentially a really potent shot maker returning to the field. I thought before the Pacers were gonna win in, in a fairly short series. Like I probably, I picked Pacers in five Thinking Game was not gonna play him coming back at some point buys them time.


I just don't think they have enough kind of sub like secondary and tertiary answers. Like Dame in whatever state he's in is gonna be outta shape out of rhythm. Coming back into it already has had kind of a weird season in terms of the actual impact he's making on the game and beyond him. You're like, I'm really living and dying with Kyle Kuzma here. And that's not something that I like to do personally, but live your life. I think that was a, was that a Michael Mann movie in the eighties? To live and die? To live and die in Kuzma? I'm, I'm probably gonna lean Pacers by the time it comes to gut check time for when to make a bet. Because two reasons it's impossible to overstate how involved Kevin Porter is in the future of The Bucks right now.


Jesus Christ. They were really, really relying on him. And I think they actually need him to be at Indiana and that is such a wild card for so many different reasons. And he also needs the ball and you know, to integrate Dame back into that. And there's Porter. That's one thing. The other thing is something you mentioned about Dame Rob. The, the fact that he, you know, he hasn't played basketball in three weeks. This was always kind of a bad matchup for him because the Pacers love to pressure 94 feet. Yeah. And they love to just bug people and make them work to bring it up. And it's like, oh, you're gonna have Giannis bring the bop. We we're gonna, we're gonna guard him almost the whole court. And I think they're gonna try to put miles on Dame and I think you're asking a lot for him to just be like, Hey, I know you haven't played in a month.


I know you're on this blood, blood thinner medication. Oh by the way, we're gonna be pressuring you this whole game and attacking you on defense. It's a lot. It would be like heroic if they won the series Ka zoom. So I, the safe pick is, is indie here and that's why the line is what it's Yes. The Heroic language that reminds me of in, in Sean's report about Dame coming back. Amazing Colin, it was very like the language of the blood thinner thing, which is amazing, is very impressive. I have no idea how he's medically cleared to play. The framing of it from Shams with all due respect was a little bit like Trump's annual physical to me. That was the kind of vibe I was getting about like, everythings Great. Healthy is man in America, right.


Managing body fat narratives coming outta this one cr if Milwaukee loses, we're just on the clock now. Yes. For Giannis trade stuff. That's it. Is that maybe that should be another godaddy.com purchase for you. Has Giannis asked out yet? Dot com? Yeah. Yeah. But like, you know, listening to you over the last couple days, you and Zach on, on Zach's pot, like it's sort of starting to get a little difficult to imagine these massive star trades unless it's your problem for my problem. Yeah. So I do wonder, let's just say like, do do you have a Phoenix, Milwaukee like crisis swap? Is there, is there something in there that you could do?


I don't know. But these guys also are gonna leverage, like use their leverage and control their destination to some extent. So I'm trying to, it's hard to go into the trade machine and be like, oh yeah, well obviously you just do this for Giannis. I know that there's the rumors about him wanting to go to New York and stuff like that. Or even the broader New York, like, doesn't matter the borough. Yeah. But I, I think we'll learn a lot from this playoff series. Cr don't step on my podcast in 15 days when I go through all the possible teams. Please. No, I I my money would be on Brooklyn or the Knicks because you talk about how hard it's to match the salaries. There's a towns giannis like very easy flip you could do.


Sadly the Knicks have nothing else to throw in the trade, but you know, he's probably gonna pick the trade. But I, I would bet on Brooklyn if I had to because I think Brooklyn's sitting there with a lot of assets and some other moves they could PP pieces they can put together. Well that's always worked out. I just don't wanna read another Kevin Durant. Well I don't wanna read another Kevin Durant. He's, let's just put him on the Timberwolves next year. Unless somebody can figure out the part where the suns are gonna be like cool sign and trade for Randall. Sign us up. That sounds, oh and you have no picks. That sounds great too. So we'll just get Julius Randall and Rob Dillingham for kd. Great. Let's, let's talk to my favorite favorite series nuggets.


Clippers a line that has moved dramatically. Clippers are now favorite minus one 18 favorites. Denver is six plus five 70. That would mean they won, they won in La Clippers and six is plus three 50. And then if you think it's going seven, which would be in Denver plus four 10 for Denver plus five 70 for a C and that none of us are allowed to talk about the Kauai's been heard every year in the playoffs. And you have to factor that in. We all know Rob feels like a long Yes.


Awesome. Incredible. Spurs Clippers 2015 ish series to me and I, I, as I've said a million times, I did the Clippers of the second best team in the West. I think they're a real threat and I think if Yoic can beat them, this would be way up there with anything he's done basketball-wise. I mean that's kinda why I don't wanna over index on that Clippers Warriors game too much. 'cause the Clippers just became one of the toughest matchups for basically every team in the Western conference field over a matter of like five weeks. They're a really tough yic matchup like Zoo plays him pretty well, I think gives them a chance to play it honestly. If they wanna try to do that and I suspect they will.


This feels like a temperature check series to me on how you feel about Jamal Murray and Michael Porter Jr. Do you Oh Like long-term? Well Long-term. Long term in particular. But even in within this series, like we know Denver's depth is an issue. We know that they're not like once they go, you know, beyond their seventh guy, even sometimes their sixth guy, to be honest with you, things can get dicey. But if Jamal Murray isn't fully healthy and he's kind of inching his way back and more or less play off Jamal Murray, they're gonna have problems. And if Michael Boarder Jr has those games where he is a little spotty and the shot isn't hitting and all of a sudden he has 11 points in a mostly ineffectual game, that's a huge problem for Denver against this Clippers team that all of a sudden just has all of the pieces to put it together. You didn't talk about their bench.


I'm trying to talk around it. I'm trying to be nice. Well it's gonna be the top five guys on the Nuggets are gonna have to play 38 to 41 minutes a game. Yeah. And I think Yoic is gonna have to be in the low forties for them to like every second he's outta the game is gonna be a disaster for them. What do you see narrative, God, Chris Ryan, I'm very interested to see Mann's first playoffs against T Lou. It's probably the best team I have ever seen Switch coaches this late into a season. And does that give them a spark? Does that give them any nar like tactical wrinkles and how much can Lou think, think on his feet and negate that? 'cause he's probably one of the best in the league along with Spra doing stuff like that.


The Joker talk towards the end of the season of like, what did he say? Like a caged beast is the most wounded animal dangerous animal or whatever. Yeah. Like I'm like, let me watch this in slow motion dude, I just wanna like watch back cuts all day long. I'm so excited for that. But Alman under the lights is like a really interesting question. And like, whether he does something different than the, than the Malone teams we've been seeing over the last couple of Postseasons. What prestige TV character does Adam look like to me? He looks like the embattled PR person in succession who's getting screamed at by Kendall. Oh, I have to give them a statement. Yeah, Kendall, we gotta tell them something and he's just getting berated.


I, I if Kawhi is healthy, I I just think the Clippers are winning this series as great as Yoko giz. I think you can give him any stat line in the series and I'm not sure it matters. They have so many people to throw at Murray. This is a nightmare series for Murray. Just let's start there and we're gonna see a lot of Kris Dun and we're gonna see a lot of nuggets welcoming Kris Dun to te to shoot from wherever he wants. Sure, go ahead. You can have that. But then he comes out, let's go. Hey, have you met Derrick Jones Jr. Yet is and I assume Platoon's playing. Hey, have you met, have you met Nick Platoon? Because now you're gonna have him for four minutes and I just think it's gonna be really hard for them to get on track. They're gonna use all the Westbrook minutes against him.


Oh my God, I forgot about that. And, and then Z Bot's, like, here's another thing. Yoku doesn't wanna get in foul trouble in these games. No. And if he's gonna guard Z bots, the Clippers are really good when they throw it to him. Teams over always overreact. They always send a a second guy and if they try to guard him straight up with with Joker, he is gonna, he's gonna try to put some some heat on them. They're also a really good offensive rebounding team. Yoic is the only guy who rebounds on this team. Nobody else gets a rebound. It's JI mean it's basically just him, Aaron Gordon erasure. But largely I agree with you. I'm just saying like, if they need a big rebound, he's usually the one getting it. Yes. So now he's gotta keep a zoo. And then, then there's this separate Kawhi piece.


Can I get a temperature check on Big Game James under the hot lights? And this is now you're, now you're going Case for Denver best player in the series. We've seen this James Harden play before We have And Kawhi Leonard. Just when you think it's going great, it's like the dunk, it's like a presumed innocent when they go, what was that dumb episode? One extra fist? The guy had the fake heart attack next week. Is he gonna wake up? Oh, he's fine. It was Just a dream. Oh no, he's fine though. Yeah, it was, oh he's okay. But Kawhi is the dun dun cliffhanger. Yeah. Just waiting to happen With Har with Harden too. Honestly, like Harden did not have great games against the nuggets this year, but Kawaii didn't play in any of them, if I believe so.


Having Kawaii on the floor dramatically changes every matchup changes the defensive priorities. And in particular, I like to tie this into what you were saying Bill about yogic and foul trouble. It's not just like battling zoo on the block. It's not just fighting him fending him off for rebounds. It's, you're gonna be in a ton of pick and roll all night because James Harden is going to have the ball that is going to be his primary use. Like you're gonna have to hang in that and not get too handsy along the way. And every foul for Yoic could mean a lot in the same way that every foul for Zoo could too. Well, and Kendall Roy's PR guy who I think seemed like he did a decent job in those last couple games, but he's going against I think one of the best four or five coaching staffs in the league. And it a staff that is really committed to defense and disciplined on what they wanna do.


And it's just really smart. Everyone's on the same page. They'll bench dudes that you know, don't look great, they'll take them out. We didn't mention the Ben Simmons piece of this, Chris. Yeah, Some of my faves. P Yeah. I don't know what your relationship is with the other BS at this point, but I'm gonna guess Estranged. I estranged might be the answer. It's We're in a real wish. Him well zone You the best. Oh, you're the, the sarcastic wish him well. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I'm, I'm excited for Ben. I'm excited for which Excited. What, what part are you excited about, Ben? When they go to zone and he doesn't know what to do if they do hacka Ben, if he takes a a shot, what are you excited About Ben getting Hacka Ben shooting in front of the wall in Inglewood, like shooting in front of the, the, the crowd wall.


I'm excited for that. No, no. I, my guess would be he gets phased out of this series as it goes along. Yeah. Because I think there's too many unplayable things about him. The other thing with, with all the rest, zubo always plays big minutes anyway. Yeah. And it's gotten to the point with him where if he's, if he's, you know, if he's outta the lineup, you really feel it. But I think it think it away with playing platoon at the five sometimes. Especially Yeah. Like the, the non yoic minutes are such a wild card in terms of what kinds of Yep. Fake centers you can throw out there. I don't see a reason why that has to Work out. One other thing, guys, I gotta mention this. They really have a home court advantage now. The Coopers, there's real energy in that arena.


Denver's not gonna have a lot of fans there, but it's, it's not swinging games. We're not, it's never gonna be the eighties again where you could just put five loud people behind the bench and just have them break people. But They were the only five people there. Yeah. Right now it's, you know, there there's just a nice energy to it. So, can I talk narratives? Oh, go. Oh, I wanted to ask you a question. Whether you saw any parallels between the Denver situation and the Milwaukee situation. Not the Joker would ever ask out, but like, how different could this nuggets team look next year if this is a first round exit? I think you're looking at Porter in that case, right? Rob? Yeah, I think that would be the first piece because he's, I think Murray could be on the table too. Yeah. That would surprise me.


Different Financial commitment for sure. Financial, but I think, I think if the nuggets lose, and granted this is a series they, well could lose like a four or five in which both are quality Western conference teams. It's, it's not like a disgrace to lose to the Clippers. Yeah. But clearly this is a team operating with incredible urgency that sees some pretty dramatic changes in its future. Why not trade Murray or Porter as a part of that? If you think the outcome is disappointing, if you think those guys can't take you anywhere, then you gotta start Yes. Start somewhere with the actual roster. Yeah. Because When, well if you can't get through this series, that that should tell you gotta do something here. Well, Because when they fired Booth and Malone, you could read that as White flag.


We're getting ready for next season. I have my eye on another GM who might become available soon or is in in the mix, whoever you know and coach and the same thing for Coach. And then I think they kind of had a little bit of a dead cat bounce where they're like, no, we're not dead yet. We're fine. Yeah. You know, and like we're we're, we're still, we're still frisky and it's still joke yoic, so it, it's kind of weird. It's like, I, on one hand I'm like, are you guys playing out the string or is this like a No, I, I see, I don't think they were doing that at all. I think this was bad for a while and I think they wanted to do it a couple different times. Yes. And just, they would just win a game, right? Yeah. When they were about to do it and, and I just think they stared at it and stared at it and at some point we're like, this is actually gonna sink our season.


If we don't do something, everything's Coming up our last chance. Crunchy Man. You know, arsenal just beat Rio Madrid then the champions league got, got the magic touch. So for narratives for the Denver side, it'll be like, well Yoic, I thought you'd think he's the MVP and you couldn't even get out round one. Like I promise you, if they lose to the Clippers, YOIC will not, there will be no shit on his, on his feet. It won't, I can't imagine it will not be him. They will, the Clippers will win. Despite Yoic, he's One of the Best playoff performers in Modern NBA if not overall NBA History. And he also just had one of the best offensive seasons in the history of the league. Yep. I think there's the Murray Porter question from the Nugget side, then who's gonna come in? All that stuff on the Clipper side, if they don't win, then it's a James Harden.


He fooled us again. If Kali can't play seven games in a row or six games in a row, he fooled us again. I think those would be the two things that came out of it. Let's take a, let's take a break. Wanted to mention one other series to you and then we'll, I'll do my NBA awards for you guys.


The Bill Simmons Podcast is brought to you by FanDuel. We're in the playoffs baby from three pointers to steals to assist. FanDuel has so many ways to bet your favorite player props. You can bet series prices, you can live bet you can do all kinds of things, but you can also do live prep bets into a same game. Parlay for a chance to win big. You'll get started on FanDuel right now if you join with $250 of bonus bets. If your first $5 bet wins. So visit FanDuel dot com slash bs. My initials to get in on all the NBA playoff action we got play in on Friday night and then the actual series coming FanDuel dot com slash bs for your shot at two $50 in bonus bets. Make every moment more with FanDuel an official sports betting partner of the BA. You Must be 21 plus and President Select states are 18 plus in president DC. First online Real Money Wager only $5 First deposit required bonus issued as non-controllable bonus bets, which expire seven days after street restrictions apply. See terms@sportsbook.fan.com Game prom call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats. Summer is almost here and you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny Days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you Parmesan deliver Parmesan a cabana. That's a no, but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. No, but a box fan. Happily yes. A day of Sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now Alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by region. See app for details.


All right. We didn't talk Lakers T Wolves. I'm really proud of us on ESPN. They would've just led with that and we could've done a goat conversation about LeBron and then done that whole thing. We don't have to do that here. We Led with Steph instead. You know, we're we're Much No. So much better. We did the artsy, we did the Independent Spirits Award version of the same segment. Aubrey Plaza was hosting this, This podcast hosting. Yeah. Adam Scott came in. Do you give the two wolves a chance in this series rep? Absolutely. Okay. I think there's a really, there's a real possibility and I'm not willing to stake all of these claims at once, but there's a real possibility that all three of these are upsets. That every non OKC series in the west is an upset.


I'm not go, I'm not just like zooming past the wolves at all. I think the Lakers understandably, given just the collective brain power between Luca and LeBron and the way that they really rip you apart over the course of seven games deserves a ton of respect and a ton of deference as we're kind of parsing out what's gonna happen in this series. Yeah. An is still pretty unguardable and you can pressure him and you can trap him and you can try to make him do difficult things. But this is a, a pretty capable, pretty deep team. They also require you to bet heavily on Julius Randall being good in the playoffs. They, they require you to really believe in Rudy Go's ability to hang in this matchup. I'm probably a little more bullish on that than most, but I just like, Well, hold on. Wait a second. Like, why are you bullish on that? I Don't think he's a train wreck.


I think most of the time that Rudy Gobert gets dragged across the coals, it's mostly misplaced frustration at like perimeter people who can't guard anybody or matchups that happen for like three minutes of a game. Yeah. But overall, he may not be always playing up to, to defensive player. The your standards. And frankly, he hasn't been that guy this year or last year really in at all. He's kind of come down a level, but he's a good NBA player and he is a good player who has some leverage in a series like this. Like I think he will make an impact on it. Do you think it's an advantage, Rob, that Finch has introduced this idea that there's no sacred cows on this team early in the season, where he's like, I might run this five out for the end, or I might run this five out and it's like, just because they're your rep, just because of the name on the back of the jersey doesn't mean you're out here all like, because you, you quote unquote deserve it.


It's who I think is the best matchup at the end of games. If he's been doing that all season, maybe Gobert is more emotionally prepared for eventualities where he's not on the floor because the Lakers are throwing something at the wolves that, that he doesn't suit. He's noted For. Yeah. Think you hope's the case perspective. You're right. You're everything can to prime your players for that possibility. Bottom line your team has Anthony Edwards, Jayden McDaniels, Rudy Gobert, Julius Randall, like these are highly emotional players if we're all being honest about the way that they operate and conduct themselves. They've had fights in huddles, they've punched things and gotten injured. Like this is the core of your team and you're gonna ride and die with some of that emotion.


And there's inevitably gonna be a fallout during the really, really tough moments. But maybe you can get away with that for a series. Maybe you can get away with that for a couple games at a time. I think you just have to kind of ride the right wave with it. I had a Minnesota fan try to zag with Gobert and I appreciate it. I won't name who it was, but they were like, you know, everybody's talking about playing Gobert off the court. What about Go Bear's High LOBs? Who's contesting those in the Lakers? I was like, oh, I like, I kind of like that One. Yeah. He might play Jackson Hayes off the court who, He's like, who are the, who are the rim protectors on the Lakers? I was like, well they don't really have some. Yes. And then the other point was that you can actually hide go bear in this series a little bit more than people realize.


Like if Jackson Hayes is out there, he just stays with him and if they're gonna set picks where Jackson Hayes is the one setting the pick, good luck to you. And then when Ru's out there, he probably shades closer to Rui or Finn Smith and does the thing that the Celtics do with Poor Zingus where he's near the corner, but he can jump back in. He Can play free safety. Yeah. And I don't know, they were just a little more bullish on it than I thought. The the, there's a best player in the series question with this series that's really fun where you're like, well obviously Luke or LeBron, it's like, eh, I dunno how obvious it is. Like what if Edwards is just incredible, not obvious. No it's not. Yeah, Edwards certainly thinks he's the best player in this series. There's some, you know, LeBron's 40 years old.


I feel like if you're gonna always talk about, well what if Kawhi gets hurt? I still think we have to at least mention, well what if a 40-year-old guy playing really physical awesome playoff games every two, three days? Like are we counting on that for three rounds? I think that has to be mentioned. And then the targeting Reeves on defense. I think the smarter teams have done it. Yeah. The Lakers know it's coming. How much of that they're gonna do it? I think it's an awesome series. If you had to pick who you pick and wrap, I would pick the Lakers, but I think it's gonna be long. Like, I'm very tempted to pick like a Lakers at seven Cr. Do you think Minnesota, you think they get 30% of the calls, this series 28%? Where would you put it? Yeah. What's the circuit breaker?


What's the lowest amount of calls they could get? Yeah. Before the NBA breaks I think, I think 30 is a nice number. I'm I'm, I'm going with wolves. Going with the wolves. Yeah. Hell yeah. Yeah. It's an awesome series. I'll tell you this, the FanDuel line of Minnesota being a plus 1 56 underdog and the Lakers being almost two to one seems off to me. 'cause Minnesota has enough talent to hang with this. It, to me this feels like a Lakers in seven. You've been watching Lucas so closely over the last couple weeks, bill, like, do you feel like he's got his head screwed on right for this, For the postseason? I liked what I saw from him last week, but I, I absolutely think one of Minnesota's game plans is gonna be to try to agitate him and annoy him for sure.


And hope that he gets mad. Hope that he gets technicals, hope that he gets into mono mono stuff. I think I, I just think he's shown some real immaturity on the court. Like he all the same stuff he is been doing the first seven years of his career. He still does, he still talks to people in the front row, all that shit. And I think Minnesota has a bunch of guys who love that. Yeah. You know, and the other thing with Minnesota is it's definitely an irrational confidence team. Right. They're not gonna be, nobody's gonna be scared. They're not gonna be, oh my God, we're playing in LA Like they're, they don't give a shit. They're not gonna care that celebrities are around the, around the front. Yeah. This will be a good one.


I forgot to mention with the Rocket Series and maybe with the Pistons Knicks, which is the last one I wanna talk about quickly. I don't think kids should be allowed in the front row for either of those series. Those Are great tape. I think it has to be 12. 12 and up. You Must be almost Like a Disney lane ride. Yeah. If you're nine and under, you don't get to sit Nick's Pistons. I almost think that's like an NC 17 movie. You have to be 18 and older to sit in front Row. Yeah. Child services should be called if you've got like a 6-year-old. Yeah. If you bring your 6-year-old kid to Nick's Pistons and that kid gets trampled by Ron Holland during like a, a massive bra. I don't feel sorry for you. I don't feel sorry that your kid broke his wrist when he is six years old.


You should not be in the front row for that series. Counterpoint to this, that'll build character. Oh, there we go. That's true. And, and we're, we're, we're facing down a time in this country where people are gonna maybe have to go back to the factories. Yeah. And what better way to prepare you than by witnessing a massive crawl? There Was a time Old stay outta the first round. Just warning you. Now this Is the thing. I don't know that there's an age at which you are safe from an Isaiah Stewart elbow. You know, like, if it comes down to that, it really doesn't matter if you're a child, it doesn't matter if you're elderly, like these guys are gonna spill over and I I respect the hell out of it. Yeah. 'cause I don't think you could rule out Lakers wolves either for some sort of, some sort of feistiness, but rockets, warriors, clearly shit's going down in that series and the rockets are gonna hit curry.


They're gonna hold him 50 feet from the basket on every screen. They're gonna knock him down when he goes to the hoop. It's, it's, it's just gonna be done. This Is definitely yanking that guy's thumb. I mean it is. Oh yeah. It's gonna, Of course, pistons, Knicks, any chance, Rob? It's a, it's a real climb. I I think there's, there's places where the pistons are gonna have definite advantages like that, that's a matchup that really suits Cade. I think he's gonna play great I think overall the orchestration's gonna be there, but keeping up with the Knicks and kind of the, the sheer firepower with they're capable of, with all of their guys out there is, is brutal. And I think even more brutal now. Like they've had a weird season, they've been up and down. They haven't all been together like they've played a lot together.


But in terms of the chemistry of that Core Five hasn't been as scintillating as I might have hoped coming into this season. But then you get stretches where Brunson's out and OG and Adobe transforms into this totally different guy. Maybe there's a huge payoff for that. Right? Maybe there's a payoff for those minutes where, you know, Townes is in foul trouble, Brunson has to leave the game for a bit, or is just kind of being locked up in a certain matchup. Maybe Ron Holland is all, or a Sar Thompson's all up in his jersey for long stretches and now it's the OG and and OB show. And I, I think that's, that's something that the Pistons just don't have counters for. Is that that sort of layered offensive threat. Great. Regular season story cr Yeah, I think this is probably where the train gets off and maybe they win one.


I think Nixon four at plus five 20, or Nicks five at plus two 70. Those are probably two of my favorite bets. The one question I have with the Knicks, can Tibs figure out a way to, like, could Brunson end up with a minutes per game in this series of like 48.2? Like if there was like an overtime Yeah. Is is all, are all five guys gonna be in the forties every game? Becauses has to because there's like two days off between games. Yeah. Yeah. Brunson has to do halftime entertainment. Does he have to do the red pan? Yeah. He has to go out there and spin plates. I just wanna say, I, I was always a big kid Cunningham fan and I was really worried that his career was gonna kind of get basically torpedoed by the institutional malaise of the Pistons.


Yeah. So to see this turnaround is really cool. I hope that everybody, 'cause it's the Knicks, it's New York, there's gonna be a ton of people watching this series. Definitely. Just inevitably that it's a great platform and he goes off no matter what happens. I think the Pistons definitely get one at home and, and it's a feel good story and I just, I think it's a cool platform to introduce a new start of the league. Yeah. Rob, Rob, are you watching institutional malaise on, on Paramount? You know, I thought it was a real slog midseason. It just, it, it kind of lost me a little. I thought, thought I was gonna see Carli Gigo like trying again with one of the Wilson brothers. I, She's a lawyer who's just trying to make it work with this. But Nicole Kidman's three episode arc. I thought that was pretty good.


We should create a video show for The Ringer Dash TV YouTube thing where we just list four shows and three of them are real and one is made up. And then the viewers have to guess which one we made up. Because I think it would be near impossible at this point. Any, the Apple will have some shows where I'm just like, wow. Yeah. What is that? That was green lit. There was a show that I heard about the other day called State of the Union with Chris O'Dowd and Romond Pike and it's just about their marriage. And Nick Hornby wrote it and I was like, this feels like a poster in Seth Rogan's office. In the studio. Yes. Right. The Show the studio has almost, yeah.


It's almost like made it even more noticeable. Yeah. Rob, are you a 1923 guy? I'm not. Should I be Oh wow. I am I missing out? Yeah. I mean, I, I, it's not my favorite Sheridan, but it's, it's, it, it, it definitely ended with some fireworks. I I prefer my Sheridan Modern, if I'm being honest with you. I prefer, I prefer it with, you know, guns a blazing. Yeah. But in a more modern setting, maybe a drug runner is involved. Maybe not. I have season tickets now for Sheridan. That's where I've landed. Sure. I really like 1923, but I, it's one of the all time couple shows for my wife and I. My wife loves it. I have no idea why.


And she loves shows set in the 18 hundreds of the 19 hundreds. 'cause she feels like she really would've been an impactful person back then. What is an Impactful person back then look like? She just could have been, She would've absolutely been able to defend the ranch with guns. Yeah. And, and would've been able to survive in the cold. She would've hit that train. The, the lady waiting for the train who was freezing death. She's like, I would've made it, I would've been able to make it until the train showed up. Yeah. I would've died in the first episode. The Median show for a couple is an interesting conversation. Like what show ticks? Three boxes each I think friends and Oh, I think presumed innocent is a 10. One 10 On that scale. That's a good, yeah. Friends and neighbors right now for, for my wife and I, hundred percent one tick equal boxes.


Yeah. Just ham hamming it up. Yeah. He's having a ham old time. Okay. Playing games really quick. I, I picked Miami against Chicago and I think they're also gonna be at Atlanta. And that line is only minus one. There's no case for the Hawks. Is there, Rob? I I mean there's a case in that other than what you may have been led to belief by the way that he just shellacked the bulls. This team can't really score in most games. Yeah. And so I I don't put it past them on any night to have like a 15 point quarter followed by a 13 point quarter. So who Do you think Cleveland would rather play? Probably Atlanta. Right? I Don't, they, I I think they're probably, I mean, look, yeah. If given the choice, one of them is maybe a little less physically taxing than the other, but I don't think the Cavs are having a problem with either of those Teams.


You guys enjoying the play in experience? I, I think they could dump the nine 10 pretty easily and we'd be good. I think we could go seven, eight and then loser plays eight, nine or we go eight nine first. Yeah, they play the seven. Some version of that. I, I I just, although I guess Sacramento's still in, but it's, it's almost like they need the college football committee from the mid eighties to kind of step in and just be like, no, we wait, SA decided Sacramento. Sacramento not a nine 10. Team S fired their GM while they're still in No, no, no. Like they would be in Oh, They would circumstances sa I see what you're saying. Yeah. No, it's just, you know, you see those games.


There was one good game outta four. I think they're probably hoping there's two good games outta four. So Yeah. One's pretty tough. I I I Think year to year it's just impossible to know. And so they keep the option open for the most possible good games and some junk is gonna filter in. Like, we're just gonna have to sit through it, I think. Yeah. Cr I know about three weeks ago I heard through the grapevine you and your financial team bought some Nico Harrison stock the lowest possible level. You're like, I wanna bet on this guy. Yeah. Lot of connections. Did some great stuff in the shoe industry. Yeah. Made some good trades. Got pulled the maps to the finals last year. The stock's never been low.


I'm gonna invest. And then Dallas looks awesome last night in the playing game. How are you feeling about your holdings? I'm the Charlie Munger of buying into front offices. I, I find it incredibly funny with all due respect to our former, former colleague Jason Gallagher, who's really going through it on social media about the, the Dallas situation. Yeah. It was just kind of like, of course they're gonna get into the playoffs and we're gonna keep having to talk about this. I I still think obviously it is historically bad trade, but it Yeah. Ad's good. We hope so. Yeah. I dunno. Nico Harrison said they were a championship level team for two and a half quarters. Like what more compelling evidence do you need?


Yeah. Well I, my question is, if they did, if they do, there's six and a half point underdogs in Memphis and I, to me that game's a toss up. 'cause I could just see Davis going nuts in that game if they did get in the KC thing one eight and then Davis goes nuts in the first game and it, it just, it's the most fun random scenario. None of us would've expected. Like, oh my God, Dallas is up to one and Nico's like, fuck all of you guys. Yeah, I told you if we had Kyrie, we'd be winning this thing. All The mad fans are wearing joker masks and kind of like, oh, how we supposed to feel? Who? Rob, who do you think O kc? I know they don't care either, but who would they rather play?


I think they'd rather play Dallas. I think they'd rather play the team that basically doesn't have functional point guards that's starting Najee Marshall outta necessity that's running Brandon Williams out there who's played relatively well. But yeah, there's like, there's a reason why when you play against anyone who's not the kings and you're the Mavs, you struggle to get the ball anywhere. It needs to go in the half court. They just like don't have enough, not just spacing, but the floor balance is kind of busted. They don't have enough playmaking in general right now. I think that would've been the case even if Kyrie was healthy, to be honest with you. But it's especially true now. Lew DOT's gonna be like, I, I don't know who to guard. Who do you want me to shut down? Oh, these guys are mediocre.


I want Dallas to keep winning because I think it would be hilarious. But yeah, this worked out unbelievably well for OKC and this is why you get the one seed and this is why I did. All right, before we go, I wanted to do, I wanted do my awards that I handed in on Tuesday. Not expecting. I thought I had a little more time. I thought so Too, But they asked for it on Tuesday. I think they didn't want the play in game. So I'm just gonna, I'm gonna tell you what I did and you guys, I don't think I, none, neither of you guys know anything I did, right? No. Okay. I, I can guess based on some of your more recent podcast appearances. Oh, Coach of the Year bicker staff three.


Kenny Atkinson. Two. Whoa. Mark Dagal number one. Okay. Dal's been great. Who Did you, who'd you have Rob? I did Atkinson one, IIO, DOCA two, Bickerstaff three. Hmm. But Dal's been great. Ty Lou has been great. I think Dagal in particular, balancing all the injuries that OKC had this season, maintaining an elite high effort, high intensity defense over the entire course of the, of the run and helping their young players get better. That's just not something that a lot of coaches can do all at once. So he deserves a ton of credit. I was always impressed watching them how well prepared they were, how hard they played and how they could basically sustain any injury.


And it was somehow okay. Yeah. But the way the young players have grown on that team and it's got to the point where the trade deadline, it's like, I don't know, Aaron Wiggins is good. Why would they, why do they need like a swingman? Why do they need Deandre Hunter? Like they have Aaron Wiggins. I just thought he did a great job. And I think Sometimes we default toward it's gotta be this, you know, like a bicker staff or like a jj the Lakers only approved by three minutes, but It's, it's almost most improved. Team becomes Coach of the Year kind of thing. Yeah. And it's, and I always felt like that was stupid. So anyway, I had that Clutch player of the year. Jason Tatum, number three, look up the stats. Sure. No, Jalen Brunson, he's still only 19 years old.


Chris Jalen Brunson two. I couldn't believe how easy this was for me because I actually watch basketball. Yoic is the number one clutch player of the year. Does anyone, he's great. Fucking watch the Nuggets. He does everything at the end of games for them. Everything possible. How is he not clutch player of the year? 'cause this award is kind of bogus. That's a ridiculous award. They should get rid of It. It's reliant on how you parse 12 shots like that. That's what the Clutch player of the year is. We talked about other possible things that could sil and I that could go in for this award. 'cause I hate the Kia Clutch Player of the Year and I think it's stupid, but it could be the, like the, an award like the Kia I'd really given up on you, but you kind of won me back over Player of the year.


Like, I really think they should have something like that. Or I really thought you sucked and it turns out you don't. How do you think Kia would feel about that? Yeah. Well, yeah. Does that fit on a poster for them? Yeah. Sixth Man of the Year tied Jerome third, Peyton Prichard second and Malik Beasley first. And I, I can't believe Prichard was favored for this award all year. I just, what Beasley did all year, clearly the sixth man to me, he didn't start really ever, he scored 16 a game. Kurt Goldsberry did a thing on my pod about how he's basically Clay Thompson for them this year. He's been really good and I just thought it was a no-brainer. Who'd you have for that rep? I had Pritchard.


I, I think Pritchard does a lot of what Beasley does at a more or less similar level. Not quite the three point volume. What Beasley's doing is pretty, pretty exceptional in that way. But a great three point shooter himself plus holds his own defensively. Yeah. Plus drives offense off the dribble. I just think he's more versatile than Beasley. At the end of the day. Cr my thinking was if Prichard disappeared for 25 games, it would suck. But the Celtics would've been fine if Beasley disappeared. I think the Pistons would've been a major, major, major trouble because they actually ran real offense for him throughout the game. Mm. Also, if you had picked Pritchard, most people would've thrown their phones river by now. That's, And look man, I I really care about these awards.


I try to do the right thing, even if it's at the expense of, please, Please tell me that's not a thing. That's t-shirt in Boston. Yeah. Can look for it. Please. Tastefully done. I'm sure I Didn't see that. Over, over is the hottest, hottest selling t-shirt in Boston. Not a Lot of pritt please. Shirts At the Cool. I could get you one Sierra. Thanks please. I'm a medium rookie of The year. I want Castle one, Reese two, ed three. I don't Castle did enough. I feel like know wasn't That's right. Yeah, he was, he was out there. Any any arguments cr No. I mean the castle thing is just so exciting to imagine him with a healthy weby fox full offseason and then maybe in addition that they make in the off season, like it's really cool.


He's like a perfect winning basketball player. Yeah. On that, on that team. I'll skip the rookie first, second team. Most improved. I did Kamara on Portland number three. Really? I thought he was stunning. I mean he's been great, but he's kind, he's kind of always been great at those things though. I get, yeah, I I I really took this one seriously and looked at everybody's, 'cause I wanted to do Reeves and I looked at last year's Reeves versus this year and it's like, was he really improved? He was good last year. Same thing for Cade. Kamara became I think a guy that the other team was like, fuck, that is true. They have this guy, oh man, this is gonna be a hard night for me. So I had him three, I had Christian Brown too, just getting thrown in the KCP thing and then I thought Daniels was the clear number one.


Who'd you have number one, Rob? I had Zoo actually number one. Oh, I looked at him. I I just felt like he was good last year and then went up a level, but he's Coming up later. He Was good, but like I wouldn't have not like this put him anywhere close to all defense last year, for example. Yeah. I thought he was really solid, but now he's all defense. Now he's putting up massive numbers now. He's still one of the most impactful rebounders in the league, but has taken like an even bigger jump in terms of what that means to a team. I just think he's been incredible. I wanted to put Quentin Grimes number one for CR because he almost ruined Sierra's draft pick, but Oh my God, Dude, every night it was like I was at home in Philly watching a, a run of games that they had and he would honestly be going nuclear and you'd be like, all right Quentin, roll an ankle.


Come on. You know, like, like, like you you've done enough. Yeah. You hit your over or whatever That hell anything. Yeah. Defensive player of the year number three, Draymond Green. Okay. I'm feeling better. I'm, I'm worried. I'm worried where you're going, but I have Hope Number two, Evan Mobley. Oh fuck. We couldn't get Evan Mobley number one. Number one Lou Dot Should have known Lou DOT's. Great. I looked at it every which way and I thought I was going, I thought I was really hard. And by the way, there's no Weby this year. So this was like an Oscar's year where you just take out Titanic out of 1997. Right. And then try to figure out what best picture is.


I just thought Dort was the best guy I saw in person this year. And I think he wrecked the most games that I saw as good as Moby. As Moby looked very, looked like facsimile kg a lot of the times and can guard all these different things. I thought what Dot did to some of the best players in the league was unbelievable. And I saw it in person a couple times. Harden wanted no part of him. No one does. No. It's just like they, he's just like this. He's, he's like Revu on the Jets, just like, all right, I'm gonna take that guy. You guys worry about what you're gonna do. Thi this guy's not doing anything today. And I just thought he was awesome. I voted for smart a couple years ago, which became a controversial pick after the pay.


And it's a lot of the same stuff. Like, I just think perimeter guys who can make sure the other best guy in the team doesn't hit 30 in the game. Which he had a two and a half month stretch where nobody scored 30 on him. So I had him. So Rob you had Mobley. I had Mobley, yeah. So did you, where did you have ah, in That was A second team, right? All defense second team. Yeah, that I had him second team and I'm already regretting it, but I'll, I'll tell you what I did for the, so I had first team all defense. I had Mobley, green, Dort, Dyson Daniels, I felt like had to be the poke check shit he was doing. I nobody's done that in 40 years. I've never, and the, the one thing I didn't love about him was the big physical guys.


I felt like could overpower him a little bit. But I, everything else was there. And then I put, I put Z Bot's first team. Yeah, why not? Yeah. I thought their whole defense is anchored toward funneling people to him. The rebounding, which I think should matter at least a little bit in all defense protecting the boards and, and I like to have my teams look like semblance of a team. I know these are all fake teams, but they're Extremely fake. They're extremely stupid and fake. But I like that. I want them to look like a team. So then second team, Kamara, Anna Nobi, Ahman Thompson, Jalen Williams. And I had Giannis over Gobert. Mm. I just felt like we skip over Giannis every year with all defense for some reason.


Yeah. Then you watch these games and he's all over the place covering. So j JJ not an either then Neither. Damn none. I think he's in the group that could have like a first team argument. I think, you know, it's, it's on that borderline where you're either gonna go men, Jaron Jackson Zoo, someone in that category. But I think he, I think he's gotta be there. I think he's gotta be their second team counter in the in Sorry, go ahead. Stay in the fucking court. I've watched too many games. Or you He does the dumbest foul He did in the playing game. He does dumbest fouls at the worst time. And I think that's a huge part of this. Zubo stays on the court. That is true. Zubo is like 2.1 fouls a game and Jackson will be he'll. And any big game and watching the playing game, I'm sure it'll be the same thing.


He's always lingering around foul trouble, found dudes 20 feet from the basket. What do you have cr I was just gonna say in honor of your Kia, I thought you sucked but you actually impressed me this year award or changing that title. Yeah, I think we could do the Kia. I like watching you play defense more than I like watching most guys play offense team. See now now's now we're talking the are just popping off right Now. I like watching Ahman play defense more than I like watching like 80% of guys play basketball. Yes. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I mean he's, it would be weirder word to have Athlete of the year in the NBA but I for me he's athlete of the year. Yeah, that's the, the over and over again. When people see Houston in person, they're like, Jesus, It's really jarring what Happened to this guy?


Okay, all NBA first team, Shea, YOIC, Tatum, Giannis Mitchell, you knew those were the five second team. Edwards, Curry, Mobley, Townes, LeBron James, there's some cases against LeBron 'cause of the net rating. Rob, like he had a net minus 1.3 net rating on a team that won 50 games. Does that, do you care about that stuff? When you look at votes, I think you have to flag it and kind of kick the tires on it, but ultimately you circle back to the fact that this was LeBron James and you can, you can see so much of the impact he has on the game. It's, he's not a subtle player. Like he has the ball a lot.


He makes incredible plays that no one else can make. I think it's worth looking at. But the Lakers rotation has been so funky all year. I think there's just a lot of noise in it to be honest with you. Yeah. And cr I was like, it was just a goofy season. Davis gets hurt, they make a trade midseason and he was, you know, the only constant. So you good with LeBron's second team? Yeah. And I think that you should almost give him credit for the, the adaptability that he's had. Yeah, definitely. To like, to some nights he has to be the man. Some nights he's like playing set up guy for Luca, he's weathered all these different storms and he's actually been like pretty healthy for a 40-year-old. And when he is been on the court, he is looked awesome Every time I wanna, he prays on him.


He does stuff like saying how he was in the bottom half of the league with free throws over the last, whatever that thing he said on McAfee was easily debunked. Or then Rich Paul goes in and talks about how the three guys in Miami weren't actually a big three. If you look at it, it's like yeah, they were, Bosher was like a 24 and 10 guy in his own team. Unreal. It was unreal. A big three dude. The, the constant trying to push this God agenda with LeBron, it's, it's, they're making it worse. Not better. I'll just say that. Okay. NBA third team, Cade Cunningham, Brunson no divisive all over the place and a lot of people at Hal Burton and, and Jaron Jackson here, neither of them made my list.


Hmm. Come on. Why Jalen Williams? OKC? Sure. Guess I was wondering. Zoo bots. Okay. I put 'em on. I Like that Because I, I just look, the NBA does this thing where they're, they've just like, there's too much controversy with these, with the NBA teams just pick 15 best players and it's like, I don't wanna do that. You're throwing away 80 years of history by doing that. I still think I have to have a big man on every team and if, if there's no big man then sure I'll have four guards. But if there's somebody who deserves to be on it, I'm just picking them over having four guards. I thought Zoo bots, I made the case for him Sunday. I thought he was amazing and incredibly important and it was a good litmus test of are you watching basketball or not this season.


So that last spot came down to James Harden or Tyrese Halburn for me and I can't believe it. I took James Harden. Incredible. Can I ask you? I couldn't believe it. You a question believe. Do you think it's just, I have two clippers on my third team. Do you think it's just funny to cost Steve Ballmer a lot of money because like these guys Probably will like trigger, do they have like bonuses? I didn't even, I didn't know about that. I just thought hard and I, I watch, I really like the Pacers, but there are some Pacers games where he just wasn't, didn't have to be that important. First couple months of the season wasn't great. Last three, four months. He was way, way better. Really good. Definitely Hardin does everything for the Clippers. Even when Kawai is out there, everything's still running through him. And he was really durable.


He played I think like 78, 79 games and I just thought he was really, really good. I had a lot of, I couldn't leave him off. So Rob, what are your take two clippers? It's a lot of clippers. Yeah. Even for a great clipper season, I, especially at h Halliburton's expense, who will, it will surprise no one given my Pacer's advocacy. Yeah, I know that I have Halliburton, I actually have him on my second team. Wow. He's the Style of play for a 50 win team. Yeah. Like that's, that's a pretty compelling case. He doesn't have a straightforward one-on-one game and that makes him kind of a funky player, but he has a comprehensive winning effect on everything that's happening around him. And Harden has some of that too.


I wanna be fair, like Harden handling and shouldering as much as he did is what lets you play Chris Dunn as much as you do. It's what let lets you play Derrick Jones Jr. As much as you do. It's what lets get away with all these other guys slotting into their roles. And so the, the usage kind, efficiency trade-offs of that are not always gonna look great for Harden. But the impact is there and it's is substantial. But him and Zoo over Halliburton, I think the only way to do it is to do what you did, which is construct an entirely new set of rules by which you need to put a center on the team to make it look like an actual basketball team. Yeah. And if it was gonna go, you know, hey do whatever then I probably would've done Halliburton and and Harden. But I really, I genuinely think bot deserves it.


Those Are the rules are do whatever. Yeah, but they're not his rules. That's true. Look, a man's gotta have a code, Rob. Those weren't the rules in 1973. Those weren't the rules in 1997. I'm Trying to move America forward. No, you know, we're trying to Bill's keeping the positions of all NBA and we're gonna start smoking inside a restaurants, Then we start messing around the constitution, all of a sudden Trump's in there for multiple terms. Like, yep. What could go wrong? I felt really bad about Halliburton. I had basically 16 guys for 15 spots. Jackson wasn't gonna make it for me, but Halliburton, so that's it. I'll probably maybe regret it. All right. MVP, last one I put Mitchell five I test drove the Edwards case and I test drove the Curry case.


Did you do similar test drives Rob For Curry more than Edwards? Yeah, I think Ant for me is like maybe a, maybe a slight cut below these guys. Tatum four. He was three for me most of the year. But I thought Giannis, whatever happened to him the last month was just outta control and he just had to be three. I mean, especially when Dame goes out and it just didn't matter for them. So Mitchell, Tatum, Giannis, and then I battled back and forth between Yoic and Shea. Yeah. And I changed my mind a hundred times and I really don't think there's a wrong answer because Shea had one of the best seasons by a guard probably in the last 40 years when you're talking about his offensive production, the consistency, how he did against team head to head.


Yep. What he meant to a pretty young but incredibly deep o KC team. And the fact that they won 68 games. Like I, I just thought he was an incredible candidate and probably would've taken the easily 80% of the seasons. And I think he's gonna win this year anyway. I voted for Yoic. I thought it was the best offensive season I've seen since Jordan. Like for what somebody did game after game quarter after quarter. All the shit that he did for that team. Not only was he first of all to be top three in points, rebounds and assists is, it's bonkers.


I just can't believe. But not trying to pad stats, not doing the shit Westbrook did in 2017. Where can you box out so I can get this foul shot, rebound, all that stuff. His usage rate's not that high. So if you're gonna compare it to Luca last year, like Luca had the ball all the time last year. Yoic kind of has the ball outta necessity, but he wants the ball to keep moving almost like a hockey player. I thought the stuff he did day to day, week to week, I, I've never seen anything like it. And I wa I I was leaning there, leaning there and then that 60 10, 10 game, I just, I I was like, this is we're, we may never see anything like this again. And I just had to pick him.


So that's where I landed. I felt like just the fact that he'd won before would be the only reason. I get it. Shea with the wins and then there's great cases for Shea. I didn't like making a pick and I'll probably regret it a week from now, but I just feel like I'm never gonna see a season like that again. He got 50 games, they were in a three-way tie for the third spot in the West, which was really competitive. The coach GM situation was a catastrophe. Murray didn't show up for the first two months of the season. They had no bench. The advanced metrics for when he was on the court, when he was off the court was the biggest disparity in the history of the league. And it's just like at some point, what are we doing? So I took him What are your, what's your take cr Well I wanna ask you whether or not you think you might regret it in two months if Oklahoma City loses like two games in the playoffs If they goes 16 and two and, because I know it's a regular season award, but like how will it sit if Shea is leading this historically good Oklahoma City team?


Yeah. Yeah. To their first title. And he is like, it's me, like I'm him. You know, like you guys are worried about Luca and LeBron. I don't feel stupid, right? Yeah. But, but, but I get it. It's regular season award. That's the and and that's the thing is Shaa was incredible. I I almost feel like it's not, it's not even like a, like a slap on him. He had no, he had like a better season than any Kobe Bryant season. He had as good of a season as any season Jordan ever had. Statistically when you look at the wins and all the other stuff. But I just, the yoic thing I thought was like a fucking unicorn season. Rob, what's your take? I also voted Yoic. I think shaded as you said, every single thing you need to do to win MVP.


But sometimes you play at the same time as Nicole Yoic. And I mean this is where every voter is so different for me. If you are definitively the best player in the world and Yoic is having a season representative of being the best player in the world, I kind of start there and you have to have the burden of proof to overcome it. And I think Shea got as close as I can imagine a player possibly getting with the season that Yoic had. Like that is an incredibly compelling case. What the thunder were overall a 68 win team, how dominant their defense was and his role in that, especially juxtaposed with Yoic who has not been good defensively all season. But the way that Yoic carries that team is totally unique. And overall his production I think is just something that is really, really hard to talk your way around, around or out of.


And so I, I don't feel great about it, but I also don't think I'm ever gonna be at the point where I'm losing sleep over voting for Yoic for MVP. As long as he's playing like this, I'm gonna be at peace with that. Even if it means someone who also very well could have and I think will be MVP was not number one on my ballot. It feels like Yoic has moved into the Jordan LeBron zone where he is MVP every year and it's really up to the voters to be like on board or something has happened that feels like lightning in a bottle. You could tell me that next season Shea's not in the top three for NBA voting MVP voting. And I wouldn't be shocked, right? But I would be if Yoic wasn't Well like LeBron was in the zone from oh nine to 13, he won four or five and then that Miami season, the first one was the one he didn't win, but it was just like when he was on that level that he was at, nobody was taking the MVP from him as long as his team was winning enough games and then he went to Cleveland that I think the one LeBron season, you could probably make the case after 13 was that last Cleveland season when he played 82, his stats really good.


But if you go back and look like Harden Harden team won 65 games and his stats were basically dead even with LeBron. And he was a better pick. Well the the one quirk in that though was that LeBron was the best player in the league and did have that acclaim and Derek Rose won. And this look Shaa is not Derek Complicated. Like no, like this is not that Shaa is absolutely worthy and not just like a narratively driven winner. Like he has every literally everything you would want on the resume. And I Especially going head to head against other good teams. Like he did it completely. He was an incredible, but I kept coming back like I did You did The Ringer 100, right? Yeah. So I had okc I had them, I had Shade 2 17, 18, 62, 65, 79 and 96.


I had them with seven of the best 96 guys in Denver. I had 1 40, 1 60 and 78. And I'm not even sure how good I feel about the 78, which is quarter. Like I that might have been even a, oh come on. A little bit too high made. No, I'm just like, I don't, I don't know, I don't know how much I like Porter and then you throw in the bench, which is like every 30 seconds. He wasn't in the game. You felt like Denver was gonna fall apart. I I thought it was historic season. I feel terrible and I I that that I didn't vote for Shaa because Shaa did every single thing you ever could have asked. I just think Yoko's position is more important if you're gonna look at it to be like a point center that is also the best rebounder.


He did everything but he not only made the meals for his team, but he like fucking spoonfed them. Yeah. Teammate by teammate. I've never seen anything like it. And When he was out, they were eating gruel, like they were Just eating. Yeah, they're, they moved to prison foods. So we'll see. Yoic could lose in five games in round one and it could be a 2007 Dirk situation, but, well, So Bill, you said you had seven thunder players on your top 100 ballot. Is Aaron Wiggins one of those players? No, but Caseon Wallace was Caseon Wallace. Oh, I love Caseon Wallace. Yeah. Okay, now we're talking. Yeah. 'cause I just feel like if Cason Wallace was on another team that's a 35 minute a game guy for Yeah. 25 other teams in the league straight up. He's like up one of the best defenders in the league. Yeah. Like, and he's, it's A luxury for them.


Maybe their third or fourth best defender, which I think is a, you know, a real state in terms of what are Right now. So if you're in a ding shape or anything, I don't even know if it's a ding that team is so, and they, they were missing like heart and steam was out for a while. Chet missed two thirds of the season. Like I get it, but when you just think like fundamentally that team is built so perfectly for them where they can lose any two guys for a game and it's still okay. They can guard everybody in every conceivable way and Shea just really has to worry about, I just got a score for us in crunch time. This is my job. He but man I that yo season. One other thing about the yo case too that I've seen going around, like I, I get that the thunder ran away with the West and they deserve credit for that and Sha deserves credit for that.


When was a 50 win season not good enough to win MVP? Never. I mean, to be you wanna be in the top four seeds. I think if the Denver had fallen into like a seven seed, I think it gets a little dicier. And I know everybody was split by a game. Yeah. But still, you know, the west was, the west had what, eight, eight of the best 11 teams in the league basically. Jeez. Yeah. Most count Indiana and most of the good players in the league. So, all right. Cr I thought you'd be, I thought CR would be more upset. Cr who'd you have Shay or Yoic? You didn't tell us. I have Shay, but it was only just because I, I kind of have a weird feeling that like Oklahoma could just like run away with this.


Yeah. They definitely might not be a very close postseason. I think they're so far and away the best team I've watched this year. Yeah, me too. And we, we haven't had one of those in a, in a while where it's just like, whoa, this train just like left the station. So I think that in honor of that, there's nothing against Yoic Yoic played the, one of the best basketball games I've ever seen in my life was that 60 point game. Yeah. But it, I I just feel like it was Shazier. I think OKC gets to the finals unless I think the Clippers are the only team that has a chance against them. I think they beat everybody Else. I think they're just gonna win. I think. I think this is their year. Yeah, It certainly feels like it. Especially if Jalen Brown isn't a hundred percent Jalen Brown and they play Boston in a finals where they have home court and it's an 80% Jalen Brown and verse them versus Cleveland.


I would just take them 10 outta 10 times. Anyway, Mahoney cr I kept you way longer than I promised, but I had a good time. Thanks for popping on. Thanks for having me. Bill.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


This episode is brought to you by Audi. The all new fully electric Audi Q six E-tron is a huge leap forward featuring effortless power, serious acceleration. The most advanced tech of any Audi ever experience technology that puts you center stage with a panoramic digital stage plus an optional screen for front seat passengers. Perfect for watching the latest sports documentary. The Q six e tron is not just a new ev, it's a new way to experience driving. Learn more@audiusa.com. Always pay careful attention to the road and do not drive while distracted.


I have some good news on FanDuel. The Ringer Player Performance Doubles. Profit Boost Token is moving to Sundays for the playoffs when we know we're gonna have awesome games. That's right. Every Sunday during the playoffs, customers can claim a 30% boost on one of my favorite betting markets. And if you don't know about them, check it out. It's easy. It's basically like, I think Boston's gonna win. I think Tatum's gonna score 25 points. You mix them together. If you win it, you get 30% boost. Sunday we got Golden State Houston, if you think Curry's gonna kick butt in that game, you do. You think he's gonna score 30 points and have four threes and Golden State's gonna win. Put 'em all together. Player performance, just do the points and the Warriors and if you win, you get a 30% profit boost this Sunday. Be sure to claim your profit boost on FanDuel Sportsbook before you watch the action.


Brian Windhorst this here and we're taping this on a Tuesday because you came over to watch the first playing game with me. Yeah, we're running it on Thursday, so we're gonna try to go as evergreen as humanly Possible. Right. We'll pretend that we know what's happened in the next two days, but we dunno what's happened for all I know Joss scored 56 tonight in Beat Warrior. She said tonight was the greatest day of basketball. Rescued his reputation tonight and pushed the Warriors to the Thunder. And what I'm trying to do here is sound smart or something like that happens. Ja retired the Grenade celebration right? And had a 70 point game. Yes. So I wanna dive into your life, which I'm fascinated by. You're in LA Yeah. But you're doing get up. Yes. And you told, what time did you get up to do Get Up?


I get up at like 3:41 AM when I'm here. When I'm doing Get up. Not every day. What's your normal time zone? Which, which one are You on? Central Time zone. So Okay, so you're two hours but three hours behind et I love doing Get up. Yeah. It's such a fun show to do. I'm not just saying that, I swear. Yeah. I love working with Greenberg. I love working with their show. I don't wanna do it 20 times a month, but, and it's playoffs, you know, so whatever. But it's hard to, like tonight it's gonna be a struggle of stay up for this. Like I'll be struggling in the fourth quarter. It's Good. So you, you wake up quick shower just to wake up.


Are you getting coffee? Like what's your most I Don't drink coffee. I don't, I don't drink coffee so that's a problem. Okay, I get up. You have to put like self makeup. No. Well so it's a good question. See you're in the business. So I do put on self makeup. The makeup artists come about 6:00 AM because there starts your show starting around then. But I put on some powder at like 4 45. Yeah, Yeah. That was, I remember my friend Rob Stone, who works for, does a bunch of stuff for Fox. Yeah. So I've known forever. They ES Penn let us do a college basketball game once a Pepperdine Amazing. And it was like in the mid two thousands and we get there and we're about on pulls out this thing and he's doing this and I'm like, whatcha doing?


And he's like, I'm powdering up. Do you want some? I'm like, no. And he's like, well you're gonna regret it. And then he was right. Well like the thing is like too much information. Like after I take a shower I get like a red face. So I've gotta, I gotta do it. I gotta put on the powder. So I've got like a little compact with me. And You put your little thing, your little head. Yeah. And can you, are you on the delay? Because that's always one of the hard things in those. Okay. No. So like I'm here in LA Yeah. We have a studio. I go into the studio. Oh, you Go in? Yeah, I go in. Oh yeah, I walk. I mean it's short distance from right Hotel to the thing. Okay. I get it. But During this, the playoffs, I'll be doing it for my hotel room a lot. I choose hotel rooms. I choose hotels in the playoffs based on when I can do a good morning TV setup in like, I know this is gonna sound strange, but there was a hotel in Dallas last year Yeah.


That I picked because I did it in the Western conference finals. And I came back for the finals that I knew they had high chairs in the lobby. Then I swiped the, I came, I went to the bartender and said, Hey, can I borrow one of these chairs because you know, you gotta sit on a high chair. And He was like, Hey, you're Brian Windhorst. He didn't know who it was. Okay. And I dragged it into the like a bar chair? Yeah. Into the elevator. I took it upstairs. They Probably thought you were, 'cause you need sit on a high chair. Yeah. You know, it doesn't look good when you're scrunched up. So you don't have that in a hotel room. So I, and I did it in Minneapolis too. Like I, I like borrowed chairs and take them to my room. Like when I'm on the road in the playoffs doing get up and first take in the morning, like sometimes I'm at the arenas where they have setups, but on nights, on days when I don't and I'm in a hotel, that's what I do.


But when I'm in LA we have a studio I go Into. Well, and then you do, you attempt, the craziest thing, which I have never done and will never do is doing actual content on the court after games when, when people can interrupt you. Zach told me you could tell the story though. Somebody interrupted you and came in and had some amazing story and then it wasn't recording. Do you know where I'm lost it? So what was that story? So the Dan Hurley thing had just gone down. Yeah. Where he came out here to the Lakers and got a new contract. It was after one of the games in Boston. Had to have been like game two. Okay. And Zach and I are on the court and Gino is, Gino walks past because you know, when you're doing on the court, it's just live.


Like, we're constantly grabbing people who are walking by Gino walks by says hello to us, we're recording. Okay. And I, he had just signed a new contract and I made this joke. I was like, Hey, congrats on your new contract. I was a little worried they might not retain you. Right. Make a joke. He goes, yeah, I shoulda have somebody, there was a job open. I oh, it was a Cleveland job. He goes, yeah, I shoulda pretended like I was gonna go the Cs I could have got more money. Like only half joking. And I mean, maybe he was fully joking, I don't know. But it was like an amazing, Or maybe he wasn't joking at all. It was an amazing moment. Like, oh my God, I think he just took like a soft shot at Dan Hurley.


Or maybe a hard shot. I know. And then like two minutes later, Cedric Maxwell walks by and he's always good for talking shit about the Lakers. Yeah. And you know, I think up and I prompted him to talk some trash, which he did, which is always great. Like this is now like multiple finals in a row where I've gotten Max to do this. Yeah. And it's almost like a trope. He knows, they all know Zach and I are sitting there with microphones. They all know what's going on. And so he makes like some sort of passing comment, making fun of the Lakers or James worthy. And he keeps on walking and he walks because you know, we, we do, there's there's wires on the ground.


He walks through the wires and he pulls it and the recorder goes flying onto the court, explodes open things that, And you lose everything. We lost everything. Oh my God. So that's Like my worst nightmare. Yeah. I mean, and you know Zach like, oh, Zach doesn't do the second take. Like he was ready to like, he was ready to walk. He's like, we're just not gonna do it tonight. I go, no, Zach, this. So we a game, two of the finals, we need to do it. So yeah, that happened. It's Been really fun for me to watch your, your, your, I don't know, I don't wanna say rise, but like whatever the journey has been where you're now By the, the way Thank you for letting me have the Larry Bird Cup in Your house.


I did. I Well you're A guess. I wasn't sure I should take it. Watching the rise we talked about or the journey. Yeah, we talked, you came on after the the Utah thing. Yeah, The finger point. Yeah. Which is still going get up is still milking that as I know As a Gimmick for you. And then It gets milked everywhere across the country where I Go. But then last year you did the Luca thing during the finals, which I immediately took seriously because I've known you for a long time and I don't think you do stuff like that lightly. Right. And it felt like there was real thought put into it for a bunch of different reasons and you were just like, fuck it, I'm doing this right now. I have all this different intel I'm getting. I was at the same game you were and I thought Luca really screwed the game up and just was acting like a brat that game.


I'm pro Luca by the way, but he was Brad and he really hurt them that game. And then you just said fuck it and went for it. I was angry because the finals were over. He, you know, he fell out this game and the finals were over and I thought it could have been a good series. Yeah. And the reason that I was having that visceral reaction was because I'd seen him do it before. It was an international play. Two other times in his career he got disqualified from an essentially an elimination. It wasn't an elimination game, which that was an elimination game. It happened when he was on the Slovenia national team. One time he fouled out because he got a technical foul, which an international competition counts as a personal foul.


Right. And he fouled out on a technical in the European, in the Euro Cup. The Euro basket. They were defending Champs. One was winning Euro basket with Slovenia. Yeah. Slovenia. It's laughable that they could win. Not laughable. It's impressive. I would say impossible. They won the European championship like in the late teens. And then when they had, they, they were defending their title. He got ejected from the game, they got eliminated. It was ridiculous. And then in the, in the World Cup in Philippines in 23, so a year earlier he got thrown outta the quarter finals and now they probably would've lost the game.


But like in the middle of the game, he was angry at the officials and he went over to half court. This is in Manila, Philippines. I know. Nobody watched it. It was in the middle of the night. And he's cursing out the Secretary General of Feba. Like the, the free throws are going on. He comes down and curses out the, the Secretary general in Spanish. I know because I was talking to people who were sitting next to Secretary General. Yeah. Who knows what he was saying. But can you imagine like in a game, like, because you know where Adam Silver sits, secretary General was sitting kind of in the same spot, like midway up the deck. The deck. Yeah. Can you imagine like going over and cursing out Adam Silver because Scott Foster had just called a foul.


Like it's, it's, it's ridiculous. And by the way, the idea that they would not want Luca Don and Slovenia advancing, that's, it's a, it's a preposterous conspiracy. And then a few minutes later got a second technical and got thrown outta the game. And I'm like, Luca, whatcha doing? The only chance Slovenia has is if you're great, how are you getting thrown outta these elimination games? So I didn't, I was, that was at least the third time that I know of and I don't know his whole career Yeah. That he had allowed himself to ba basically get disqualified because the, the sixth foul was a preposterous foul. It was ridiculous foul. And his behavioral, the whole game was ridiculous. And so I was angry that I'd seen him for the third time, the second time in person in less than a year disqualified from an elimination game where he totally undercut his teeth for, For just Petulance.


Yes. And I was, I was criticizing him obviously, but I was, the reason I was angry was because he's so much better than that. Yeah. And I, that's why I was saying, I was like, that's not winning. You know, winning is what the Celtics are doing. This is what you're doing is losing, this is a losing mentality. And so, Well obviously the Mavericks agreed with you. Well the people in Dallas did not agree with me because it was not the most fun next two days. I was gonna say. Yeah. It's because I don't remember if I saw you after that. But we were there for an off day and then game four Was, and then Luke came back and played great in game four. Yeah. Like played defense, like was focused and people were like, oh, he proved you wrong.


And I was like, No, yeah, you're down three one in the series. You proved nothing. It was upsetting because he could have played that way the whole time. And you know what's funny about this? I obviously, I don't remember what day, there's one day off in between games three and game four. Yeah. It's the only time there's one day off in the finals. And so there was one day off in between, and then there was the whole pre-game for game four. I was in the arena for many hours the next two days. And all kinds of Mavericks. People were there, front office people, coaching staff, executives, what have you. Nobody said anything to me. Nobody said, But like, nobody defended him. Well, I don't, I mean, I'm not saying was in their, I'm not saying they had to, I'm just saying like, I was prepared Oh, to get them get into, yeah.


And Jason Kid said some stuff in the press conference, like he was like defending Luca, which he should. But like, no, I was available. Like if, like, trust me, I get, when I say something that piss people off, not every day, but you know, people were, reach out to me like, you were wrong about this. Well, especially at the finals, you're gonna run into them the next day. Right. So there's a heightened level of Something. I mean, I did at the time, I didn't think, like, I wasn't like noticing no one's saying anything to, I was like, well, they're down three and the series is over. They're not really in, Well I said, I said on one of the pods I this week about Minnesota Lakers, I can't remember if it, because I did my pod, then I went on Zach's.


I really feel like Minnesota as a game plan in that series should be to mess with Luca and try to get him. I, I've watched him, I've watched it happen multiple times already in this Laker season. He, for some reason, and I kind of, I gotta be honest, I kind of like it because it's almost like he almost seems Italian to me, even though he's Ian. But he just takes everything personally. If somebody talks shit to him, he can't believe it and he'll just keep it going for five minutes. He'll talk to people in the first two rows. He'll get mad at a ref and keep going with the ref for 10 minutes. And then the, the thing that really bugs him, which is so funny, I think he's the only guy in the league that does this if there's a foul on him, like somebody fouls him and the guy who fouled him is then turned into the ref and complaining about thing and Luca thinks it was a foul.


He actually gets like offended and he, he'll like get involved in the argument and he'll start and he'll just go back and forth. But he just, he plays with such a chip on his shoulder. I feel like you could use it against him. You look at Minnesota, they have Edwards, they have McDaniels, they have Alexander Walker, like Randall. They have some guys who can I think mess with them. Well, I'll say this, I've been talking to their, you know, the guys who cover the Mavericks? He's had ongoing feuds with individual fans for years. Dallas, like sometimes Dallas fans? No, no. Oh, on the road. On the road. Yeah. Like there's a, you know, because he got into what, the guy in Oklahoma City? Yeah. Like two weeks ago. Apparently that's not the first time those guys have gotten into it. Or if not, it was somebody nearby.


Like he goes, I mean, like, I actually, I don't have a problem with him getting into it with fans. I would rather him go back and forth with a fan or the opposing player as opposed to getting back in it with the refs. Yeah. Because he gets back and forth with the refs. He hurts his team. Well, and they, that's, that's the thing. And they just get so fed up with him after a while too. Right? Well that play like he was incorrectly ejected from that game in Oklahoma City. Nobody would question that. He was obviously he was talking to the Yeah, but the ref was, JT had heard there was not even contact on that play. He scored on the interior. There was no contact, there was nothing for him to really complain about. But the ref has heard him for years. And did you, did you see what he did? He like wound up and gave him baseball umpire.


Get outta here. Yeah. This is what happens with, with Draymond too. Like the refs, like they're so tired of hearing it that they, that There's one other guy that's, if you were doing the first team all NBA for this, the sneaky guy in this team is Tatum. This is a running thing with him all year. He just, and you know, obviously I'm a Celtics fan, so I'm, I see his side on it because I do feel like he gets, doesn't get the benefit of the calls all the time, but now, so that he does this wave thing. Yeah. I Understands Certain things trigger refs. And one of them is the dismissive wave. They just fucking hate it. They really don't like it. And he gets whistled on that over and over again.


Or they hold it against him. And it's weird because I think he's probably the quietest, most unassuming superstar we have. That's he's a really good guy. Yeah. And this is like his one thing. Like he just gets really pissed about it. I've had the opportunity to spend a lot of time with him at Team UA. Yeah. I spent three weeks covering him in China in 19. I spent, we weren't as close in the 2021. When I say we weren't as close, I'm talking about we couldn't get as close The access because Of Covid. Yeah. In, in Tokyo. But still, I, he was, by the way, it was awesome with the Tokyo team. I kind of feel like people didn't watch that fine, that Olympics. It was just off and everything. I don't, I don't, I didn't, nobody ever talks about that Olympics. Durant was absolutely freaking Brilliant.


I honestly can't even remember what happened exactly, but I don't remember anything. I don't remember. 20, 20, 20 21. Tatum was arguably their second best player. Well, it felt like Tatum was gonna have this arc where he was gonna be one of the best American because he's perfect. He still can't Olympic guy. Right. He still can't, like he's got plenty of time. We're gonna be here in LA in three years, four years, whatever. Well, they, I mean he's the number one guy they need Yes. For they just because of what he does specifically. Yes. He's a perfect international player. And he was that in that Olympics, they were in big trouble against Australia in the semifinals. Yeah. Australia had been building toward that game for a decade.


You know, their guys, you know, Patty Mills and Joe Engles and whom I forgetting, I mean the golden generation of, they won the, the bronze, they ended up getting their first ever medal. No, This was their sports movie. And this was the ending Of the sports movie. Yes. They're, they're ahead by 12 or 14 in the third quarter, which in international basketball is, is like 25 because the games are shorter. Yeah. And Popovich goes to a triangle and two, which they had practiced like for like barely part of one practice. Yeah. Australia like staggers for like three possessions. They've never seen Americans do this before. Durant hits like three threes Tatum as a shot.


I can't remember who else, but Durant turned it. Yeah. Because Durant was untouchable. You know, Durant was coming off the Achilles and played because he loves Team U USA so much. It was such a wholesome moment. They come back and beat Australia. It's a great comeback. Nobody ever remembers it if they had lost people remember it forever. And then they played a really competitive game with France in the title game where Tatum I think played really well. Like Drew Holiday was huge defending in the semifinals and finals. Right. That's when they, all the coaches really fell in love with him. Yes. One of the things I like about you is you love international basketball and taking big giant takeaways from them.


Yeah. Even more than I do. Well They just, people Don't, I really value it. I, I think it's such an interesting kind of laboratory to put all these great players in and see how they're gonna respond. Like the fact that Yage, you know, almost beat team USA by himself and, and it was sitting there for him and you know, he didn't have the most amazing game, but the fact was his team thought he was the best guy on the court and he gave them the chance and then they miss some shots. The Serbians are fascinating. The way they play bogey is like when you, the same way with Patty Mills. If you watch Patty Mill, he's now, he's passed his prime. But yeah, Patty Mills, if you squinted, you thought he was Steve Nash the way he plays for the Australia in 2019 in China, which was the World Cup in China.


They ended up finishing out the medals there. But he played a couple of games where you were like, why isn't this guy a hall Of famer? Well, remember the Spain team in the two thousands where like Juan Carlos Navarro, why isn't this guy La Baba? Why Isn't this guy a 13 BA? Well, Spain won it in 2019. The Americans had a terrible team. Tatum was on that team, and he, he was leading them Tweener team. He Sprained his ankle Yeah. In a game against Turkey that they win in overtime. And again, like I'm in Shanghai on a Saturday night. It's the middle of the night in America. No one cares and ERs Ilia Sova is kicking our ass. Right. And Tatum is saving the day. They end up going to overtime and Tatum sprains his ankle in overtime and he's, he's cooked the rest of the way.


And we end up in seventh seventh. But anyway, in that game, Ricky Rubio. So Now you gotta remember Ricky Rubio's story. Yeah. Rubio was boy wonder for Spain. H 17 playing against the US in oh eight. Exactly. Comes to Beijing. They've made documentaries about this game was trash. He was trash in the game. He was miserable in this arena. Now we are now 11 years later, Rubio's gone through his career. He's had a midling career. He's had his moments 2019, he is playing in the same arena. They are playing against Argentina in the final. Louis Cola turns the clock back somehow, gets Argentinians to the final.


Rubio is amazing dancing on air. Marcus, Saul has just won the title with Toronto. A few months later he wins the gold medal. The, you know, this is the, you know, the Spain, the, the Spanish get this world championship. They're celebrating Rubio's amazing. Rubio is named, is named an MVP. His mother has just died like, like of breast cancer. A few months before he comes over, we, we televised the game at espn. Again, no one had watched this because why are you watching in the middle of, or you know, maybe it's at in Know is was, I might have been watching, I Remember it was at 2:00 AM whatever. And Rubio is having the greatest moment of his career.


He's won the MVP for Spain in the arena. And I ask him, I do the post game interview because I'm doing the sideline interview. He, Rubio does like seven interviews. Like, because he's, you know, all the world feeds, he does, you know Yeah. France and whatever. And I ask him about his mother and he starts crying. No one ever saw this. It's the great, I'll never do, I don't do Southern interviews, but I will never, I could do a hundred of them and never do a better interview. Rubio is in tears having this amazing moment. And the average NBA fan, you could even be a Rubio fan and you don't know about this moment where he wins. And Now, you know, subsequently, like basically he quits basketball because of, you know, mental health stuff.


So I still feel like if you redo, that's a, that's a classic. Let's redo the career and try another, try another outcome. Let's just hit the reset button on the video game and bring him into the NBA. In 2009, he got drafted instead of Steph Curry. And then he didn't come over right away and he tore his, He ended up on the dumbest team ever. Kobe fell into his leg. It was just everything went wrong for four years. I still feel like there was a lot More there. So he has this moments. So that's, that's what I get. International basketball, you have these moments. Bogey BVI is in a feud with his coach. The, the, the, the, this guy, if you, if you saw what's the Netflix series? They had him on there. Yeah. It's Portico there. He's this old hard mean SOB and he and Bogdanovich got into it during the 2023 World Cup.


Yo didn't play. I don't know why Yoic didn't play. I can speculate as to why yo didn't play whatever yo doesn't play. And it's really hard to qualify for the Olympics. Yeah. It's really hard because you gotta go through qualifying, you know, and the, the Serbians, I'm like, well, yo Serb, like they ain't qualifying. Well, Bogdanovich, after getting benched by this coach has this incredible run in the knockout rounds, carries Serbia to the championship and yeah, they lose, but they qualify for the Olympics. And I'm going again, like nobody cares about this, but I'm sitting there going, well this is a bad break for the United States.


Serbia disqualified for the Olympics. Right. And now Yoic will see them in Paris. And I was worried, And By the way, he really cares. I was worried about the, about Team USA losing to Serbia in August of 23 when the Serbians qualified. And then they set up the schedule so that Serbia got three looks at the us. They played them in Dubai for an exhibition game, which again, nobody cares, but they gotta a look at them. Then they played them in the pool play and then they got them in the knockout rounds and PEs and, and all those dudes played it to set up the United States up to go after them. They didn't care what the score was in the pool play game.


Yeah. They set them, they set it up to go. They were thinking about it for months. The draw that got Serbia into the USA's pool was like in February. They started thinking in February about that night in August when they could get them in the semifinal. They didn't know be the semi-final, but they knew they would see him and they set the whole thing up and they took money, extra money to go to Abu Dhabi and play. And I'm telling you, all building up to that moment. And the average fan, yes. UUSA fan doesn't care. I don't blame him, but I'm just telling you all that drama is going into it. And the, and Steve Kerr and Sean Ford, like the general manager, SA ba USA basketball, like they're thinking about it for months. Like as Steve Kerr is coaching the Warriors last year, he's like, I know, I gotta worry about Serbia.


And Jeff Van Gundy is like consulting with the Celtics. Yeah. Jeff Van Gundy. He's, he's on the U USA staff. He's thinking about Serbia. Serbia, Serbia, Serbia. Well then you also All about Serbia. Well then you also France at home, which is the other one of Course, which the French were actually in the middle of imploding and then they rallied back. But It's weird because I actually think they really could have used Tatum in those games. And I understand why he didn't play in, you know, I think in a weird way you Are in the minority because No, I I I really get it. I I just think they won the title and he was worn out and he had a kid and he missed a couple practices and his shot was off. And Also Steve Doesn, Steve doesn't give a shit. Here's the thing, you, I keep saying this, people don't listen to me.


It's fine. I don't care. International basketball is so vastly different. Yeah. The difference between 40 and 48 minutes. I cannot underline how big of a difference. It's, it's so different. Especially, Well, the flow of the game is in person. That's the weirdest thing. They get used to it. Just Also the five Fouls things won't stop. Yeah, right. You get all, somebody has four fouls, there's 15 minutes left in the game. Right. So other thing is the NBA mind mindset is if you get down 15, it doesn't matter. Can't. Yeah. You can always come back. You can't, you can't play that well. Well you also can't chase calls in, in this, in that international version. You can't lurch into somebody and you can't get bailed out left and right.


It's the Inverse of the NBA. So here's the thing in the NBA, like, there's this inherent bias that everybody wants the Lakers and the Celtics to do Well and whether or not that's true or not, It's definitely the Lakers part. Of course. Nothing ever goes in Celtics way either Way. Yeah. We haven't gotten one break In the international game. They want the US to lose. Yeah. Like when the US loses, the Feba officials are over there giving each other high fives under the table. They want the US to lose because they want it to be more of a global game. Well, would you change the, I I've said this every four years. I would, I would put a cap on the age of the guys we have. So this is, and I would go, you have to be in your twenties or your teens and that's it.


So here's my recommendation and I know that people are probably turning off the pod because we're talking about international Basketball. No, this is great stuff. So The next World Cup is in 2027. I will give you all the money in my wallet if you tell, because you obviously need it. All the money in my wallet. If you can tell me where the World Cup is being played in 2027, I'd give you seven guesses. You're not gonna take that and be boring, but you, you have any idea where the World Cup is being played? Isn't it somewhere weird like Saudi Arabia somewhere? You're close. Where is it? Saudi Arabia probably be the next one. It's in Doha. It's in Qatar. Oh my God. Okay. Are you going? I don't wanna be in August. It's like you're on a plane for a day and a half.


Right. I've gone to Abu Dhabi the last two Summer U and I know that it's D And you know B getting closer Yeah. To there. And his Excellency Moham ou Bark is the head of the chairman. I call him the chairman. Okay. Of the Department of Culture and Tourism. He is Possible podcast for you. Podcast partner. I would love to have him on a podcast. He'd be great on a podcast. He knows the NBA Windhorst and his excellence. The new podcast. Well, You get along with, well he, he hates the Celtics. Oh, I wouldn't like that. But he went to school at Northeastern.


Ah, and he told me this, he told me this great story. His, his, by the way, his brother is Caldoon Alma Barak, who runs the city football group. Man City runs Man City. That's his brother. Okay. His brother's a couple years older than him. He was gonna school in Boston. I'm not sure if it's Northeastern or something else. He comes to visit his brother, he's 16 years old. They go to a Celtics game. This is like the ruling fa the ruling family of Abu Dhabi. They go to a Celtics game and he's a big Laker fan because why wouldn't he be? Because you know, he lives in Abu Dhabi. Why wouldn't he be a Laker fan? So they go to the Laker s he's gonna a finals game. Lakers Celtics.


He's wearing a Laker jersey. He doesn know he doesn't know any better. Okay. He doesn't understand. Oh, he's in Boston with a Laker. He's gonna a game in Boston. Okay. And he comes up and he and his brother sit down and right next to him are these, this husband and wife in their seventies. And they've got like these, you know, the husband's wearing like this old Larry Bird jersey, this probably has since 82. And the wife is all dressed up and they're all dressed out and they're all ready. And he goes down and says, oh hey, how are you? He, he thinks it's charming and the woman looks over at him and flip flips them off. It's like, welcome to Boston. So he goes to school in Boston. Anyway, he knows the NBA extremely well.


Yeah. He would love to be heavily or invested in the NBI have spent quite a bit of time with him. I, I like him a lot. I know that there's challenges when you're doing business in the Middle East or whatever. I don't pretend to know. I'm not trying to cast aspersions. The global windy, I, it's even more impressive than some of my connections I had. Like for, for example, he would make comments. He was talking about a certain Lakers player. I don't wanna put his business out there. He was talking about a certain Lakers player who's no longer on the team team. And he says the reason his teammates don't like him is because he doesn't play defense. That's why they don't like him. This is the kind of commentary he's giving. Yeah. He watches it games in the morning when he's like on the treadmill, he's watching Laker games.


Like when I first met him, he was traditionally dressed, but then he, you know, sits down. He was wearing Jordans. So he's super into it. Last year when the US went to Abu Dhabi to play, he came and addressed the team on the first day of practice. And he very begrudgingly congratulated Tatum Drew holiday. And, and who was the third Celtic? Derek White. Like, congratulations on the Title. So he's not new ownership group. I'm gonna guess, You know, if they allowed him to buy it, he would've bought it. But they don't allow the sovereign wealth to, Were you, did you think it would get to 6 billion?


No. Hustle. The team's not sold yet. Don't start with that. It's still get No, that's ridiculous. No, I did not think they would get to 6 billion and wba all the way through said, I'm gonna get my price, I'm gonna get my deal. Which is enables him to stay, Get Adams price. That's what it was. Well, His price too. The number was six. They, they got more than six. Well, when you throw in like that little bully tax you have for the other owners, it's six one plus it actually, that, that part goes into the sevens from What I understand. And you know, the deal's not official or whatever, but from my understanding, you know, they're buying 51% this year. Six.


And they're buying the other 49% at like seven. Yeah. Than Not a lot of franchises and pro sports like that. But yeah, it's nuts. No, they have no, they don't own their own arena. Now they have an incredible power spot in that arena because if they decide to start building their own, the the place they're in now is screwed. So I, they'll be fine. Well, I would just say this about the Celtics. I think Sport Aico reported this, I haven't heard this, but Sport Aico is good at their business. I think they probably got it because the Celtics financials got out there because they had to give, they had to show 'em to people.


Yeah. They had bidders. The Celtics made four $50 million last year. That was their revenue. Just great. Probably I don't have the whole league, but definitely top five, maybe top three. Well especially you once you go four rounds in the playoffs, that is a whole other level. It was probably, it was, I feel comfortable saying was the largest revenue season in the history of the Celtics franchise. Yeah. Their Payroll next year is four 50 million. If it's the exact same roster, I don't think any, I'm just, yeah, fine. I'm just saying though that like, why did W Goose, why did the Goose family wanna sell now? Because they know that their payroll is equal to their revenue.


That's so I Don't believe that I actually am gonna push back. I don't think that's why I think the dad was old and I don't think he's 90 and I think he, they have four kids. Hey listen, I don't know. I'm not in their family. I don't know He, that he hadn't been to a game since 2010. I think he's like, let's sell this thing. We won the title, let's go. And that, that, I really think it was that simple's fine. That's do I think w wanna sell it? No. Well, He's not selling it. He gets to run it for three more years. He gets to run it for up to three more years. Okay. That this new owner at whenever he feels like, okay, I've, I've, I'm feeling good on all my business side, I'm ready to take over. I'm not claiming to have inside information but you, but you think that the fact that they are gonna spend as on as much money on payroll as they take in next year, in other words, they're facing hundreds of millions of dollars in losses.


You think that had nothing to do with it? I don't. Okay. I don't, I really, you would know better than me. I think this was a, I really think this was a family thing and I think there was a lot going on. Okay. That had nothing to do with the fortunes that Okay. That guy Irv the 90-year-old, the legend. Yeah. He's made a cajillion dollars. Like he's, you think he cares that they have some Big tax, I dunno his finances. I know he's, he's got a lot more now. The thing is, I don't think this would be the same roster, which is why the Celtics, this little run is so interesting. Not only are you trying to go back to back, but odds are this won't be the same nucleus. And whether, lemme Ask you this, if you win again, does that mean you keep the roster together or you you can start, it's The age old thing, right?


Like Dallas didn't do it Right In 11. We've seen teams say like, yeah, we took that. Like we, we've seen teams like the Pistons in the late eighties where they left more horn unprotected. I personally do not think the expensive guys will all be together next year. But I dunno, I don't either. It just seems like it would make more sense for them. If you're paying, let's say holiday or poor, you're paying those guys 34 million. But with all the other things that come into play, those guys now are worth a hundred million dollars. And you could reset that way and you lose one guy and you're weaker in one spot, but you still have Tatum and Brown. Right. Well, I would hold on to Tatum and Brown as long as possible.


I think the t Yeah, because everybody always thinks Jaylen's the one that they would trade. But as you know, and this is why with the Durant stuff, I, I just, I'm doing a lot of Yeah. Buting with the Durant stuff. Like, well, they're gonna trade Durant. It's like, okay cool, he makes $55 million a year and everybody is handcuffed by this tax in some way. It's not that it's not easy. Like it was, it's not easy to just get somebody that's making 55 to 60. I agree. A Durant trades gonna be complicated because if I don't know what Kevin wants and I would never, I've learned my lesson not to guess what Kevin wants. If he wants to go to a contender, that contender's gonna have a high payroll probably.


You know, that those trades are hard. The sons are in the second apron, I would say. Well also if you're trading him to a team that's over an apron, then once we start getting into the, I can only take one guy back and it's, it's really stupid. So I would just say, like, I wrote a story about the Sons Yeah. That published this week. I mentioned in there with the help of Bobby Marks. Devin Booker is eligible for a two year extension this year for hundred 50 million. I'm gonna say that again. He's eligible for an extension for two years and that's 75 million a year. Wow. Nobody's even at 65 yet.


Right, because It's, it's three years from now. Oh God. Okay. So, and we're, we're projecting the cap out there, but the cap Gonna go, by the way, not on my LBA team, Deon Booker, we didn't have a good year. But forget about that. My point is, is that the max contracts are headed towards 75 million a year, not in 2035. I'm talking about if Devin gets the max this summer, which quite frankly, I dunno how they're gonna get away with not paying him, because if you don't pay him, then what sort of message are you sending? Well, you could call yl more and ask how that worked out. Well that's true. Devon's 28 though. He's not 34. I dunno where this goes because I think I've talked to a bunch of people about it on both sides and just the owners in general, they're always gonna be smarter and they're always gonna get whatever they wanna get done, actually get done.


And they're trying to put in all these protections basically against themselves. They're basically childproofing all of the, all of the, you know, electrical outlets around their house because they don't wanna stick, have their kids stick their finger in. That's Exactly, that's a good, that's Good. They have like eight owners who would just say, oh, what's this and get, and that's all they care about. Yeah. And, And I don't think the players, I, I just don't think they saw their side, I don't think saw it correctly. And they didn't see how hard this was gonna be with keeping teams together, keeping players in cities. And eventually I think there's gonna be a backlash with the salaries. We're gonna move toward a little bit more like the Hollywood system where you have your two guys on the poster and then everybody else is way down there.


And I don't think the union realizes that. I think the Clippers are ahead of the, the Clippers were, were targeted. Perfect. The Clippers figured this out first. Number one, when they negotiate with Kauai, he didn't get the max. He got close to the max. This is, in my view, this is gonna be the new normal. The idea that these guys mid-career, oh, it's time for a contract extension. You want the max, here you go. They're gonna get extended, but they're not gonna get, they're not just gonna be assumption. You're not gonna, how many Max, how many guys right now are making the max contract? Now? I'm not talking about their max. Because this is a thing the agents play and Yeah. And we help them with it in the media. I'm not looking to, but like a player's Max is the most he can get versus the actual max. How many guys right now in the league are making the quote unquote max?


There's dozens three years from now, I think there's gonna be a third of that amount. So you think It's gonna be like more of a Jalen Brunson type of situation? I think in a situation with Jalen Brunson, you're gonna, it's gonna, there's teams are gonna, I think he still signed for less than he could have got. Yeah. The teams are gonna, they're gonna, they're gonna give them, they're gonna get hundreds of millions, but they're not gonna, all of us just get the max. Like you're not gonna get. Okay. Mid career All Star player, you're not getting 35%. So You Don't think we'll see Bradley Beal getting a no trade clause in 50 million again. Well, That would be a good thing is to put in a little canister, you know, for the future. When is the next no trade clause? Well, I know LeBron will get it when he opts out and re this year with the Lakers, but when is the next new no trade clause coming.


You Think LeBron will get a no trade? Yeah, I think he'll again. Yeah. Why would he, why, why would, why would he, he would just opt in if he, he has to get it.


This episode is brought to you by Ultra running. Every pair of Ultra Shoes has a roomy toe box and zero to load drop, which lets your toes spread and keeps your foot in a more natural position. All in the name of comfort and performance with a variety of styles. There's a shoe for everyone. It's comfort. You have to feel to believe. Try Ultra for yourself with a free 30 day trial and free shipping@ultrarunning.com.


This episode is brought to you by Whole Foods Market. As the weather gets warmer, it's time for lighter meals. Right? Lighter. You know, that Whole Foods market has just what you're looking for. Great everyday prices. The yellow low price signs help you save money every day without compromising the quality you expect at Whole Foods market. Like low price responsibly, farmed Atlantic salmon or no antibiotics ever ground beef or boneless skinless chicken breast plus much more throughout the store. Wherever you see yellow at Whole Foods market, you know you're saving money. Save on the best of Spring with great everyday prices at Whole Foods Market.


This LeBron thing is, I I I just don't understand like I, I voted for him second team NBA. So did I. So did I. He entered the league. I'd been, I had been working for E-S-P-N-I think for a year. I had, I did have a dog at that point. I think I was married. No kids like this is, IIII just don't get it. Bill. I had a flip phone. He had a flip phone. Like it was laughable. The iPhone was, when he came in the league, we were four years away from Twitter. We were three, four years away from the iPhone. Like I Just like the Hummer was a car that mattered.


Yes. When he came into the league. I remember my first trade deadline covering the calves. This is how trade Deadline day went. I went to practice the shoot around when it was practice. I did my post practice interview. I went to lunch. I was at lunch eating a sandwich. My cell phone rings. Hello. Jim Paxton, the gentleman Cals, Hey. Hey. I just wanna let you know we traded for Flip Murray. Oh really? What'd you trade for him? 2004. Second round pick. Oh Kelly, why'd you trade for him? Why? He's gonna help us with scoring off the bench. Okay. Alright. I'll see you tomorrow. Like, keep eating my lunch. You know, two hours later went home. Then I wrote my story that published in the newspaper in the morning.


None of this minute by minute trying to find out like who was getting traded, like, oh my God. And was like, Hey, we made a trade. Oh really? You know, like that's how you found out about trades when the Cavs traded for Shaquille O'Neal. And that was not in 2000, that was 90. That was like actually like that in the Twitter era. That was like, Danny Ferry just called me up. He's like, yeah, we traded for Shaquille O'Neal. Oh, okay. What'd you give? Well, you gimme Ben Wallace in the first round. That's how it happened. You weren't like waiting, you know, on top of it.


You know, and that wasn't that Long. He was basically the ticker on espn. Yes. Was breaking a lot of stuff. Even the website wasn't really, and I was writing for it at that point. It wasn't really set up to be like, oh, this happened. Boom, let's go video in Someone talking. And in my Twitter was around, but people weren't paying attention as a newsfeed. No. So like, you know, like that was Twitter was like, That was everybody just went on Twitter to like make jokes. Yes. That was LeBron's wasn't, that was LeBron. That was, that was happening in LeBron's career. Like that's how it was. Was and now look at it, you know, It's pretty nuts. I even think like how different things were just from, you go the, the year that, the year that Twitter took off oh nine and there were all these stages with Twitter.


Right. Like the decision was a stage. The, the Blake Griffin being the first kind of guy who when he dunked maybe you could see some grainy video of it on Twitter. Yes. And he became the first like social media dunk guy. Then the Deandre Jordan thing was another great one where that was in real time. We're following through Twitter how that's going. So it's had these, My, my first big Twitter thing was the LeBron free agent meetings because nowadays the free agent meetings, like first off, like by July 1st, they're all done. Nobody goes on free agent meeting tours anymore. Yeah. Secondly, they do it all in secret. You know, it's people's houses and stuff.


Or, Or three, four months before free HC starts Or a year. Yeah. Or Oh, I didn't realize you were gonna be at this dinner. Yeah, yeah. With The owner of the team that has Cap space. Right. Have you met him? This is Bob. Listen, I saw Joel Em Bead and Paul George on the countdown set during the finals last year. Right. That was an amazing moment. It was an amazing moment. And you know, Joelle gave 'em the side eye. I mean like, it's a little bit manufactured. Obviously Joelle and Paul George had communicated before that meeting. Like they, All these dudes know each other. Of course. Well anyway, the day of the free agent meetings like was three days. You know, they were having them at this office building in, in Cleveland and the, the, the teams were just walking into the lobby and I was just sitting in the lobby and I was just tweeting it.


Jim Dolan just came in. Yeah. Pat Riley is waiting outside the elevator. I remember the Clippers got there, the heat ran really late and there was no place for the Clippers to wait. And Neil Oche and Andy Roser, oh God. Just were standing there in the hallway and just walking back and forth waiting for Pat Riley and, and Eric BOLs and Mickey Aon to finish. And I was just live tweeting it. I was just live tweeting it. Like, I was like, well the Mike Mikhail Procroft just left, but Jay-Z is staying back. He Must be having a, a special meeting with LeBron. I was just tweeting what I saw. And like nowadays, you'd never get that. But like, I think I had 14,000 Twitter followers at the beginning of that.


And three days later I had like 32,000, which blew my mind. Wow. But that was like an actual event where like, I was just like, just nobody was say, it wasn't like Mickey Aon was saying, yep, we got it done. I was just tweeting when I was sitting there watching. I was just standing in the elevator lobby. I was sitting in the elevator lobby watching And then every time you think we're post Twitter, then something like the Lua thing happens. That was amazing. And then it's, there you go. When did you find out? Did you find out When Shams tweeted? I had no idea it was coming. I did not know. Most of the time, you know, when stuff's coming, like we do, like, you know, we, you can't always, sometimes you know something's gonna happen and you're just waiting, you know, in, in our case, he's almost always shams.


Shams knows it. He's got the story written, he's got the tweet in the drafts and he's waiting. That happened this week with, with Mike Budenholzer shams. Oh, I'm sure there was a David Griffin typed out tweet there too. Were The Two easiest? I dunno for sure. No, I'm just saying those Tend the easy, but you, without pulling the curtain back too much. Shams had the Mike foothold story written before he was actually fired. Yeah. Because Shams is on top of it. I mean, he could have written it in February. Well that's a different, that was the different thing. But the Luca thing came outta absolutely nowhere. Absolutely. So what Is your honest take for how many people knew before the trade came out? I know you and I are on different sides of this.


I think it was a small number. It's bigger than the purported number, like whatever they said. But, you know, I think it was a small number. I think it was bigger. I know you do. And I think about an hour and a half before when Utah found out who was in the trade, then it's out. And I think it's out at that point. And I'm actually, and my theory was that even if they were telling other people, they thought Luca was about to get traded, who would've ever believed that in a million years? And it was like, you might as well have said a UFO just landed on on my roof. Right. It's, there's no way to even conceivably think that was possible. So the only thing is, the only thing I'll say is I wondered if Anthony Davis was, was wearing thin in LA because he had done that interview where he is like, get me a center.


I don't wanna play. He, hundred percent Was Okay. So when I saw that, like a lot of people, I actually listened. There were two Lakers podcasts that I listened to afterwards. Oh, look at you. Where the people, because the Lakers had had a game that night, I think in New York. Yeah. LeBron was awesome in the game, which I thought looking back is also really interesting. So he was very energized in the two games leading up to, I don't wanna like give this away because it's not my story to tell, so I'll just tell half of it. One of my espn so the, so the Lakers were in New York. Yeah. And one of my SPN colleagues ran into JJ Reddick in New York that day. And they knew jj and obviously like, Hey jj, what's up?


He's like, Hey, I, I gotta go. I, I gotta go on a walk. I gotta, I gotta clear, IIII gotta clear my head about something. And like he like excused himself and kept going. And so JJ knew and like went out for like a walk. That's one of The, but you know, the person obviously didn't know, you know, but jj, If people think JJ and Jason kid didn't know of course a couple days before that trade, there's, I I just, there's no ad. I don't Well, Whether it was days or out Yes. The coaches knew before Shams tweeted it. Yes, of course. Yeah. But like, And did you, we people honestly think like LeBron and Rich didn't know that that trade was coming and that Davis was just like, yeah, I'll just waved by no trade. I just found out about this trade a minute ago.


Get the fuck outta Here. You talking about the trade kicker? Yes. That is the trade kicker. That is suspicious. Suspicious. Like I don't, I don't, He loved being in la. He loved being the Lakers and the whole thing and he's just, alright, fine. Cool. I'm gonna, I'll, you know, not only am I okay with the, For me knowing in advance is your, because like according to Lenka, they negotiated for a month I think. I think they knew. I would say, I don't know for sure, but I'm excited for when it all finally comes out. And I'm sure there's gonna be a, now as Brian Curtis would say a now they tell us. Yeah, right. I can't wait for the, now they tell us because I think the circle was wider And I think they knew, I think Rich and LeBron knew. But it wasn't too far before.


Like I believe them. Well, rich definitely knew because he had to, you know, the trade couldn't have happened if ad didn't wave the trade kicker, it would've been way more complicated. The trade could have happened. But I agree that's a flaw in my thinking. I agree. And I asked Rich about that and He said that's the red herring of this whole thing I asked Rich about. And also, do you think they really would've traded LeBron's guy, Anthony Davis to another team and just not tell LeBron what you Are saying. We really think they're not doing that. What you are saying makes sense. But they, they were focused on keeping this quiet. Yeah, I think they did keep it quiet, but at some point think the Traits gonna happen. But what standard is your standard that they knew one hour early or that they knew three days early?


Because I think they knew maybe one hour early. Is that advance notice? If I had to, if I had to bet on a scenario, I would bet that probably 2, 3, 4 days earlier, I don't believe that. I know and I could be Wrong that the trade wasn't done. Okay. But I think it probably gotta the point where they were like, I gotta bring you in on this. I think we, I think that actually have a chance to do this. And that's when you expanded to the coaches. I just, I know how the league works and so do you, You don't just hide shit from your best players. I know nobody does that. I think this One, and that's why the Durant thing was so crazy that they were shopping him around and not talking to him and rich climbing about it. But That is what they were trying to do it the reason that got out, I'll tell you.


I mean like, Who was the other teams? Well that's the thing. The the, the sons can't execute. They're so hamstrung with their thing, they can't execute. Yeah. There was a, there was a, I won't go into, there was a third team involved and the third team was negotiating with the Warriors on, Well this was reported right? Wasn't it in Miami? Yeah. So Miami is negotiating with the Warriors on Jimmy Butler and they're, they're trading, they're trading proposals and then all of a sudden the Warriors change a proposal and the heat notice that one of the assets being offered was owned by the Suns. Now I'm not saying that Miami leaked it, 'cause Miami doesn't leak anything but the talks with other teams.


Yeah. That's how it got out. But that's why it's so hard to do three, four teams. Of course, of course. 'cause every team has the six people in the front office and one person who knows you how much you could trust that one person outta the six. Of course. Which is one of the reasons why the heaters so good, because the heat speak with one voice. Like Yeah, it's Andy Ellsberg. You deal with the heat, you deal with Andy Ellsberg obviously at some point, and especially this type of trade, maybe Mickey Harrison or and Pat Riley. But when you negotiate with the heat, you negotiate with one person, you negotiate with other teams. Sometimes it's three or four. But they, they were trying to keep it quiet because when you don't keep it quiet is when things fall apart. And that's what happened there. Yeah. I think they tr I think they kept it quiet. I really do. I and I and, and maybe when now they tell us I look like a fool.


But in this case I don't think you Look like a fool because I think they've all stuck to their story. But I just, I think kid knew and I think Reddick knew and I think they knew For a while. Well, I loved listening to these two lake. There were two, maybe there's even more. The Lakers had a game that night in New York. They won the Laker fan pods are, or analysis pod or whatever you wanna call 'em, our recording after the game, they're booking over the, over the Knicks. And I loved it. I listened to them Learn, learn it Live. Oh, interesting. It was, I mean I was listening live, I was listening back to it. Somebody sent it to me and said, listen to these guys because it's hilarious when you know, you have the knowledge and you're, you're listening to them and you can watch them. Like, they're like, well, oh, shas got hacked.


You know? Right. And they're like, that kind be that kind. Be crazy, wouldn't it? Like, alright, in that third quarter tonight they did a real good job in the pick and roll. ESPN just tweeted it. Like, it's, it's almost like a movie. It's, they're like, oh my God. Like it's, and you know, and I love that. It was like one of my favorite, like I used, I love it when, when you see, I remember when this became a thing on SportsCenter Yeah. When they, when like last decade when people would videotape themselves watching the end of sporting events. Like I remember the, that Started like the World Cup was a big one for that. Yes. One of the World Cups, The one I remember was, do you remember the, the Alabama Auburn game where they returned? Yeah. The field goal. Yep. The short field goal was too short and you returned at eight yards.


Yeah. One of the great things I ever saw in Sports Center was the Auburn and Alabama fans, the Alabama fans thinking they're about to win it. Right. And they're horrified. Yeah. And the Auburn fans thinking they're about to lose it. And there was like all this stuff and then like seeing like the Cavs fans in 2016 watching the end of a lot of people videotape themselves watching the end of Game seven. Amazing. I just, I have great memories of that. This was what that was like. You could watch it. So anyway, the shock of it was one of the reasons why it was such an amazing story. Well, and it was a shock that everybody could feel, whether you covered the league, talked about the league, wrote about the league liked the league were dating or married to somebody who was involved in basketball.


Everyone had the same sort of, you remember where you were when it happened. Yeah. Which it's such a rare thing for sports. Like Yeah. Even the decision, I don't remember where I was when that happened because you knew it was coming. You know, I remember watching it, I don't remember where I watched it. Yeah. This, I was watching a movie with my wife and I remember where we were, but the reason that I believed that in the real time because I didn't know was coming Yeah. Was that I thought I was in the back of my head, I was like, I wonder if AD is is greasing the skids on, you know, on his time in my LA like I, like it was not something I thought was gonna happen at this. I don't think that thing went over well when he was, was complaining about stuff. I know It's tough to complain when you're either guy when they gave up like 10 assets to put the two together.


That's where that's where I still having issues. I think like I think the issue might have been that he was talking to Shas about it and not talking Toa about it. I think that's where the issue may have been. Like what he was asking for was not unreasonable. Yeah. The venue, which he asked for it, I think may have caused, but I don't think that they were like, let's get rid of ad. I think that No, look, this is a once in a lifetime situation. And as Priscilla and I talked about on Sunday, to do that without Reeves is the craziest part of the whole thing that's, Well to me, like This is, I just don't understand how Reeves isn't in the deal. I'll never understand that for the rest of my life. This is what Bob, so like, you know, when you were doing Countdown you would talk with magic and you and you would just, I was never there.


But you would describe these amazing conversations with magic during the games. Yeah. Yeah. You know, I've gotten to do countdown about a dozen times this year. I've gotten to do it by half of those with Bob Myers. It's, I Because You're hanging out for six hours. Yes. Yeah. And you know, I covered all these Warriors Calves series and just the way Bob and I, the way Bob talks about the league, like I'll bet he gets a job offer every day. Like the way he views the league. Like, and the part of it is, is because he's so successful and comfortable and he doesn't have to worry about like, you know, part of it's the space he's in listening to Bob talk about the league privately, you can see why every owner would wanna hire him.


Right. Because the way and what he does on TV I think is great. I don't think actually he gets, of course I'm biased. He's my teammate. The way he, the way he talks about the league, like the way he talked last week about, I can't remember, it was some front, oh, some front office challenge. Like, oh, it was a Michael Malone firing. Like he talked about that whole thing. Like what he was saying was like literally worth hundreds of thousands of dollars in consulting money. Like if he had consulted with the team. But anyway, he feels the same way. I do, I feel good that I'm on the same side as him, which is he can get to a spot where he sees why they traded Luca. He doesn't agree with it and nor do I, but he can see why, he can see how the Mavericks got it.


They didn't wanna pay him the 300 million, whatever. They have more information about Luca than anybody. He can even get himself to the spot where they said, we want Anthony Davis, that's gonna be our guy. And so can I, I can get to a spot again, I wouldn't do it, but I can even, I can see how I can, if I put Myself, hey is the centerpiece of a Luca trade, I can see how Anthony Davis is a guy they wanted. Yeah. Like this is what we're gonna do. And even those two steps are big steps. A lot of people, and I think Bob about every Dallas fan couldn't make the two steps that I just made. But I've been around the league. I can see it can't square. That's where I, that's where I stop. I stop right there. Because here's the thing, Reeves makes, Reeves has one of the best value contracts in the league.


And you've gotten better every year. I just voted for him for most improved. I, I had a real problem for most. I came so close, I had a look. The most improved. What'd you do for Your three? Reeves Reeves won, Reeves won. Oh man, I Zba I think I had Z Botch. No, I had Denny Avia. I looked at him, but his numbers were basically the same. I know House loved him last year in Washington. He was Got rid of one of the reasons why Joe Cronin got extended in Portland was because of that was how good of a trade that Was. I did, I did Daniels. I mean, I thought Daniels was a no-brainer. Totally. I'm a big, He plays, I did Daniels, he plays Internationally. You know, I Like, I did Brown on Denver and I did totally Acceptable.


I and I did Kamara who I couldn't believe wasn't in the discussion for any of this stuff. Like, I put Tamara, who that guy was a Year ago. I put Kamar in my all defensive team. Yeah. All of those are good. I'm not gonna try, it's a, it's a bleep show. No, I looked at the Reeves thing. I, he was, I had four guys I liked and the only thing with Reeves was I liked him last year. I didn't like how much did he improve? He was really good last year. Look Again. Team tough one A. Yeah. I fell in love with him in the summer of 23. I wasn't, he was already a, no, it's not like, Why didn't you tell San Antonio couldn't? It saved all of us. Couldn't. A lot of issues here couldn't. So I was, because Steve Kerr is such a wonderful guy. Yeah. Steve Kerr let the media for that summer in 23, we were sort of embedded with the team.


Me and Joe Varden of the Athletic, we were the only people really traveling with them. We went on the team bus when they went to the Grand Mosque, we flew on the team plane. Tim Reynolds from the AP was also there, the three of us. And I was riding the bus with the players, I think to the airport or somewhere. And the players were questioning Austin about the contract. He'd already signed it, right? Yeah. Yeah. Because, you know, and he's like, you know, he's like, he's like, well, you know, I, I mean this is off the record. I shouldn't say what he said, but they were No, I know this story. Because he was an undrafted free agent. Yeah, yeah. Well, he wanted to make sure, And nobody really came after him. And The, the, the Spurs really seriously looked at it.


The, the Lakers were given a gift when the Spurs didn't offer him the offer sheet, they were given a gift and they were able to give him on a, on a deal. Now what Austin got was he got a player option after year three. 'cause the Lakers were not incentivized to give that to him. There was No offer. Well, they knew that there was no, the Spurs, that what I heard, the Spurs just kind of farted around with it for a few days and he started to panic that he wasn't gonna get any offer. And I think the Lakers strong armed him. And he, I mean, Poka being a former agent, I think in situations like that really helps him. I will say that got the player years.


So like it was a victory for him and his agent that, you know, because when you're a restricted free agent, you're Screwed. Yeah. Usually don't get the po. So He got the player option without a, if he got an offer sheet, but he didn't get An offer sheet, now he's in the best situation Himself. Tens of millions of dollars. Yeah. And so his set for life, his family is taken care of, and he's got a player option. After year three, he did okay. But the players in the, on the team were like talking to him about it. Like, yeah, man, we, because he was, he was great for Team usa. I, I realized nobody watched it. I understand that. And defensively he was taken advantage of late in the rounds to teams targeted him. But at least He gives a shit. He, there's guys who get taken advantage of, but at least they fight and he'll at least fight.


You know, we're gonna see it in the playoffs. Everybody's gonna target him for free rounds, two rounds. There's way you one part of Team usa. I actually almost didn't vote for him for most improved because in my mind he had already improved. That's Why I didn't vote for Cade. Well, You can't, ADE was the number one pick, but you, but you can't guy he's year, he's supposed to be this good. You Can't give a guy on a max contract most improved, no offense to for year four, whatever. He's Kate was on my all team, but, so yes. So the If paid, I ca If RES was making 37 million. Okay. Yeah. The Mavericks could look at you and say, well look, we can't have Kyrie and AD and, and Austin Reeves all making, you know, 40 million because we can't do that.


If that was the case, I would get it like, okay, you can't do the trade. He's making like 14 million and next year he's making like 15 million. Like it's the one of the top five value contract, well top 10 value contracts in the league. That's Why it's Yeah. And he's one of the best 45 guys in the league right now. Best 45 50. Where we wanna put them least it's a, for one, you can talk yourself into it more. Yes. So that's my, like in my mind, they should have gotten Reeves and the other first round pick and the pick swap. They shoulda have gotten all of it. And, and, and I know what, what's been said, what's been said is that when Jeannie Bus heard about this, she said, we're not trading. And I'm sure Rob didn't wanna trade him either. I'm, I'm, I'm not saying Rob wanted, but Eventually lose Luca, unless we don't do this, they're trading.


The excuse that comes out is that no Jeanie bus said, Austin Reeves is not being traded. And I'm like, okay, hang up up the, then hang up the phone that second then you we're trading you Luka, Dante, you give us what we want. Like Yeah, like you Fine. I'll shop them. Right. Like, so I, lemme See what I can get for him then. So I just, I disagree with the trade because as critical as I've been of Luca, I recognize he's a top 10 player, top five player, top three, whatever you wanna say. Like you dream of having a player like that. Yeah, he's an imperfect player, but I can close my eyes and I can see him holding the Larry O'Brien trophy in one hand and holding the Bill Russell Trophy and the other, I see it, I can see it multiple times.


I would not trade a player like That. Sounds like a nightmare. At least not age 25 Wearing a liquor uniform. Sounds Terrible. You should feel that way. And so I'm saying We were almost done with this Lakers team. I mean they were, this was it. They were last legs. One of the great lines, I when you remember when when had the press conference and was wearing that leather jacket? Yeah. At the press conference. Yeah. I was texting with a, a high ranking executive from their team and he was watching at the same time. I go, Hey, what do you think of this point jacket? You know, because it was not, it was not normal press conference wear. No. He looked like a John Wick villain or something. And he goes after that trade he wear Speedo and it was just like, right.


It was like, yeah, like Unbelievable. Well I think it was the, honestly the greatest thing that ever could happen to Luka Don. Like we talk about. Well because Not only do you go to a bigger market, you're gonna be a bigger star and a team that has, you know, big resources, you get to play on a team that has a chance to win the title right now. But also like they lit a fire under him. And sometimes people need that in life, you know? Well that's what I think his, I mean his agent Bill Duffy is one of the great agents of the last 40 years. He's a hall of famer. I dunno, he's actually in the hall. If they put agents in the hall fame, He was more than anybody. But what I think what Bill Duffy basically, I shouldn't maybe share everything, but, you know, Bill's thing was they traded you the Lakers.


So like, you know, Luca is ab as you can see from the Yeah. Devastating. It's like they traded you the Lakers. Right. So let's, let's take a step back and evaluate, you know, that you were traded to the Lakers and I think Luca is coming around on that. We'll find out the summer because he's gotta sign the extension. We'll find out in the playoffs how he does and how everything fits in. And we're gonna find out how the LeBron Luca together, you know, which I think, I think LeBron's handled great so far. Is it gonna be a little different in a game four? You're down to one in a series and who gets the ball? I'm, I'm, I can't wait for all that stuff. Which Isn't this, isn't this like great for LeBron. Like it's Great for the league, it's great for us, it's great for LeBron.


Yeah. And LeBron's never been in a situation where he clearly wasn't the most talented guy in his own team. Now he's age 40. Yeah. If this was 2012 LeBron, it'd be a little different. But the only time I can remember even close was that first Miami season, which you covered because Wade was incredible That year. LeBron was in his headspace was in a completely Different, and LeBron was, yeah, LeBron was a mess for a variety of reasons. And Wade was awesome. That was probably the last great Wade season. Dwayne Wade was so great in that 2011 finals. One of the best that, what was that? Game three. He was the game. They won. They Won. They won game three to go two, one. He Was awesome in that game. He was, I I feel like he's weirdly become underrated now because his prime was in kind of as long as it should been.


I've said this and it's kind of laughable, but League Pass wasn't as much of a thing. But in 2010 when I moved to Miami, obviously Dwayne Wade was already on his way to being a hall of Famer. He had already been a finals MVP but until I watched him play 82 games or at every, played 75 games. Yeah. Night in and night out covering the heat. I didn't appreciate how freaking good he was. Like 25 games into that season as you know, the heat. That was very dramatic. I remember thinking, my God, is he good? And I know that's kind of weird to say, but like I had such an appreciation for how good he was. Well I felt like in, I remember right in this in oh nine when he was stuck on pretty bad Miami team and he kind of carried them, got them in the playoffs.


But I just felt like he was as good as Kobe for a couple years there. And I don't think people, you know, I have Kobe as one of the 10 besters of all time. Like, I, I wouldn't say that lightly, but I think Wade's Wade's best was as good as Kobe's best. And I, I think you saw it in the oh six finals. Like if he really wanted to be great, you could really build the right team around him and he could carry somebody to the top of the mountain. Kobe did it way longer. And you know, I think the, the problem for weight is he had a six year peak. We got hurt, Got hurt a bunch of times, but his peak was basically from oh six to 11. Right. Kobe, Kobe had the first peak and then all had the second peak from like oh eight to, you know, 2012 where he had like a, almost a whole second career for sure.


And Wade was like basically by the 2014 finals wasn't an impact guy anymore. That's right. That's one of the reasons why LeBron left. I mean, yeah, there was a number of reasons why he left, but he was looking over at Dwayne and he was like, I don't, you know, I wrote that when it happened that it was always like, he's going back to Cleveland. He's got a and I was like, he's he's dumping this Miami team because he knows 'cause he's fucking basketball genius. He's like, this is done. I, I've maximized all of my, my assets outta this team. I'm, I'm out. One of my most vivid memories of my 22 year career in the NBA was the locker room after game five of the 4s.


The magical Crushed him. Fought. Yeah. Fought four one. They were awesome. Kauai was great. The ball's moving. Danny Green doesn't miss for days on. We went up to dinner. That finals In Miami. Yeah, I'm in the locker room in whatever they called the Spurs or At&t Center, whatever they called it. And Batier retires, which we weren't, which we weren't surprised about. Yeah. Ray Allen basically retires that one. We were caught. We were caught off guard. He Was like, yeah, he felt like he had like three more years left. I thought he had one more at least. Yeah. And he was like, yeah, I think I might be done. We were like, whoa.


Bosch is like genuinely rd Haslum. First off half the team, like half the team is about to retire. Yeah. Like they don't all know it. Like Rashard Lewis doesn't know what he's done, but he's done like a year later, half the team wasn't, wasn't in the league. And I'll never forget that. It was like they were happy it was over. It was such a finality, like it was almost like senior year, like okay guys, It was four years that were like six years. Exactly. And so when you look like LeBron's looking around that room, you know, half the guys are about to retire.


You know, Wade is like wheezing. Like they spent the whole year. Tim Grover, who was, you know, Jordan's guy, Tim Grover spent the whole, the whole season in Miami working on Dwayne Wade to get him taped together to get him to the playoffs. Now he ended up playing a couple more years obviously, but like they spent the whole year just trying to keep him together for the playoffs. LeBron is seeing all that and he's just like, I thought he maybe would've come back for maybe one more year just to, just to see. I remember everyone got mad at me because on tv, Cleveland won the lottery and I think, which was I think before the game and It was in Indianapolis. I another vivid memory And LeBron had a weird first half and I think I said something at halftime like that was a weird LeBron half.


It's almost like it broke his brain that Cleveland was getting the first pick. And that's because we were talking about that, that whole playoffs, whether he was gonna go back there. It wasn't a good lottery, obviously it was Wiggins lottery, it wasn't An asset to trade. And that was the Kevin Love stuff had already started. So post game, I, I can close my eyes and see the, the locker that LeBron sits at. It was, you know, I said, what do you think abouts win the lottery? He's like, yeah, pretty amazing, huh? Like there was a little back and forth. Yeah. After that game. Like, 'cause they'd won two years in a row and like three outta four or something like that. Because they won the Kyrie. Yeah. Kyrie Anthony Bennett.


Andrew Wiggins gone. I got mad on TV and then everyone got mad at me about that. I thought it was outrageous that they won three in four years. Of course it's outrageous. We need rules. How is this? Of course it's outrageous a thing that's allowed. Yes, Of course. It's outrageous. Yes. They've done a better job with it now. Like even, you know, Bob Carnton makes a crazy shot. So Utah's one and, and yeah I know Washington's two, but they both have 14% odds and it's not as impactful as I think it Would've been. Having said that, there were like eight teams tanking at the end of this year. Something like that. Well The schedule's too long. It just is. Yeah. This, this is what happens when you're playing for fucking ever and you know, you get to mid-March and eight teams just want the season to be over.


That's true. That's one. I were you touched when, when LeBron took that shot at you and everybody rallied to defense. It was like, it was a great online moment for you. It was. People are very protective of You. I would prefer that it didn't happen. Yeah. But I kind of feel like everybody who knows what's going on knew, but everybody who didn't know will forget. So like I, I actually felt like it might've, my concern was that it would damage me with players because he's so influential with players. Yeah. That hasn't been the case so far. I've had more players come up and not that every, not that all of 'em are, but I've had more support from players current and former than I thought I would get for that.


So it's That weird moment. I, to me, I, I read that as like, man that's just, he said something and I bet he would take it back a day later If you could. In all honesty. I dunno because I haven't talked to him. I actually haven't seen him since McAfee. I'd done McAfee a dozen, I dunno, 8, 7, 8 times. There's a McAfee would put up this photo of where he superimposed me as one of his high school teammates. Yeah. He always used that photo. It was funny. You know, McAfee show has all these tropes that is a trope. He's put that photo up a number of times. I don't know what LeBron was thinking, but I kind of think when he saw that photo go up, he thought that was weird.


Well maybe he thinks I'm weird. Maybe. Maybe he does. Let's put it this way. There's probably 15 things LeBron could be angry at me about like this that I've said or written over the years that he could legitimately be like, that was wrong. That was unfair. You don't know what you're talking about. Like, and he could have hit me with any of those and I've been like, you're right. Shouldn't have done that. I was outta line. Yeah. But what he accused me of was not one of them. So, but I kind of, I almost kind of think he saw the photo and he thought that was weird. Yeah. And that's what he was reacting to as if I made the photo or something. No, every year you go viral on America's Behind You Don Dunno, you're, this is three years Behind you me on that. I don't know about that. You don't think so? I think people in media who knew were behind me.


I don't dunno about America. Yeah. I don't think it was bad for you. No, I don't. It was fine. I, like I said, and I, I'm not just saying this like, he doesn't know me anything, so it's fine. I don't It's Been, it was a great relationship for all sides. Yeah. Well I, I don't know how he feels about it, but it was a great relationship for me. I Do think we are entering in this and we've hit all of these different kind of checkpoints with basketball coverage and this whatever era we're in now where fan bases can be mobilized. If somebody writes or says something that a player doesn't like that it, that's a little hairy. Well, I think it's okay for media to be held accountable.


I couldn't agree more. We're supposed to be fair and accurate. Yeah, that's fine. But you know, like, it, it, I don't think there's an understanding of the job. You know, there's not, there, there, there's, that's one thing that's kind of lost. Well It's like even you look at the awards stuff, which, you know, Zach just dumped his ballot at eventually. He couldn't, Which I was really annoyed about, couldn't Handle the swings. But I told him that I was annoyed about it and I'm annoyed about it. He should get It back. I told, but like, you know, yo, at your SGA, it's a good battle. You talk to different people, they're gonna say different things. Nobody is gonna do an MVP vote. Like I finally, I get to do my anti KC agenda.


Right. Oh, I'm so, I'm so glad. Right. Like I voted for dot for Defensive Player of the year. I love that. Dagg for Coach of the Year. I wish I had had the, the guts to vote for dot I I said I was, I was seriously thinking about it. The gut. I just didn't have the guts. But It's like when they, like a golfer mix like an 18 footer a like the guts the guts to read that part. Here's the thing about a media voting for awards were the best, bad, bad, where the, of all the bad options were the best bad option. So like, and this is not speculation, they let the fans into the all star voting. Yeah. And the fans, fans are like trying to vote Zaza Chu and like, you know, with all due respect, Tolo Ball, he's a great player, but he had no business being a starter in the All Star game this Year.


He did not Fans put him in. So the, the players and the media had to check on that. The players first off, they vote for Allstar and they don't, half of them don't take it seriously. You can see the votes and like Bob Carrington's getting votes. Yeah. All due respect to b the players awards. You remember that lasted for like two or three years. That was a disaster. Who could have predicted it was a disaster when they did in the sixties and they had people voted for mvp. Some of the votes were One Of Bill Russell being like fifth. Of course, of course. One of the most amazing awards every year is the executive of the Year award Voted by other Executives. The other executives vote for it. Yeah. It's like the Pettiest award.


Like there's so bias and pettiness and like, like if you go back and historically look at some of these vote totals, you can't trust that that's, That's only the NBA governor's meeting is more petty than the Can you imagine? Yeah. So the players don't trust the owners. The owners don't trust the players. The players can't be trusted to pick the other players. The fans can't be trusted at all. So is the media perfect? Hell no. But we're the best of the options. Well, and also you can't fuck around with your ballot. You can't be like, I'm gonna put Bronny James. Yes. Third for Rookie of the Year. Exactly. Because it's gonna be shown that you did that. I know. And my colleagues don't like that their their votes are public and Well, so I don't care if my vote's public.


I I I watch basketball year. I really care about the process. I've talked about it forever and I'm gonna do my ballot the way I wanna do it. I have a whole process and I care. Okay. And so hold us accountable. If People disagree with it, that's fine. I, but I do wonder though if they should make it private and if they don't like certain ballots, just knock those people out for the next Year. Well, you know what I mean? That is something that could happen. Hold us Accountable. Because what I don't what here's, here's why I say that. I worry about the group think for stuff because people are afraid, oh, if I do this and not enough people are with me, then people are gonna say whatever. Right? And then if you're just like, ah, it's just safer for me to do this 'cause I don't wanna be noticed, that's not, then we're not voting anymore.


And I do think people do that. Yes. I definitely think that happens. And I think especially with the teams that you have to cover, you know, like if you are Right, you Jaron Jackson, you leave them off third two mile NBA and then you run into 'em. Okay. So, and it's like, hey dude, This is one thing that I do and I did that this year. Evan Moby and Jaron Jackson were are both guys who, if they may call NBA get the bonus, Moby's already in his contract. Jackson is eligible for the Supermax doesn't have it, but he's eligible. Yeah. So I that you're close. I put you on, I did this with Jalen Brown two years ago. Jalen Brown had earned it. He was se he was, he was second Team. Jalen Brown should have been. He he earned it. That, that's a bad example Jar. Well, but Jaron Jackson's an interesting one because like I didn't have put Jar Jackson on, I put him on, I put zoos over him.


It's, and I'm not gonna argue that with you. Yeah. I'm just saying like, I have this rule that if it's close, I give it to him. I can't argue with it. And Evan Moby was on it too. Speaking of arguing, we went way too long and we have to watch a play in basketball game. I know we now missed the first quarter, but I had a great time. It was good catching up With you. Yeah, I, I always love talking with you. Thanks for popping on. Can I just say real quick? Yeah. I dunno if it's still available on the web. Yeah. Anywhere you and I when you did your book of basketball to what, what did you call it when you did podcast? Oh, The podcast. The Podcasts on YouTube. It's on YouTube. We did LeBron's the Shot. Right. We did the Game seven. Yeah. It's the most fun I've ever had doing a podcast.


Oh, That's Nice. And is probably the best pod, the best, some of the best content I've ever done. Wow. We did it, we did it at the studio at The Ringer. Yeah, the Pre Covid. Pre covid. I remember like coming across it like during Covid like, and you know, in the darkest of times and listening to it. So if you are a LeBron fan or a Kyrie fan should go find that. I mean, all of you did a whole bunch of them. Yeah. Because now it's, you know, half a decade old or longer. But like, I just wanna say Oh, I'm glad. Well, you were great on that one. That was a really fun One to do. Yeah, I, I loved it. So. Okay. Alright to see you. Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Windhorst. Thanks to Mahoney and cr thanks to Jesse and Gau and Sir Rudy for helping out behind the scenes.


Don't forget you can catch up on Celtic City on Max if you haven't watched it. I'm really proud of it. I hope you like, if you like basketball, I feel like you're gonna like it. And then enjoy the playoffs this weekend. I'm gonna be back with ow on Sunday night after a whole smorgasbord of games. See them Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem, call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com.


Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 8 3 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny or Text Hope NY in New York.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra. Michelob Ultra. A superior light beer in the ultimate trophy. Win or lose. You're bound to enjoy the ride with a good beer in hand. Michelob ultra crisp, refreshing only 95 calories, a superior light beer. No matter the game, sporter, season Superior is worth playing for. So sign up for ultra courtside@michelobultra.com slash courtside and you can enjoy some of these games with nice beer in your hand. Enjoy responsibly copyright 2025 Anheuser-Busch Michelob Ultra Registered Light Beer St. Louis, Missouri Must be 21 plus to order alcohol. Alcohol available only in select markets.