
Coming up, we're gonna be talking about The Jets and Dion, and the Super Bowl halftime show and Tyreek, and a whole bunch of pop culture stuff.


Next, it's The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel Football. Finally back you can dive into all the action With FanDuel, they have the best betting app. They have the most bets, they have parlays, they have same game parlays, they have boosts. I'm gonna be doing boosts every single week during the N NFL season. And you can trail those. I love FanDuel. The app is safe, secure, and easy to use. And when you win, you'll get paid instantly. Plus, look out for FanDuel Squares this NFL season. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one sports book. The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available. And listen to the end of the episode. For additional details. Must be 21 plus President select States's game problem. Call winning hundred gambler. Visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA, a superior light beer Michelob ULTRA good for so many things. Camping barbecues cheering on your favorite team. But it's especially great to have while watching a basketball game or while sitting outside on a nice summer night. Thinking about a basketball game. People you know, they'll, they'll mess around with the Michelob Ultras. Maybe they'll put a little orange slice on it. Maybe they'll pour it in A nice cold, frosty mug. I'm a bottle guy. I like bottles like grabbing the Michelob ULTRA like drinking outta the bottle. I've actually, as I've been getting older, I went through a phase where I wasn't drinking a lot of beer. Now I feel like I'm drinking as much beer as I have in a long time, especially during the summertime. And Michelob. ULTRA is perfect. Well, it may not be basketball season yet. The preseason will be here before you know it. So make sure you stock up why you can order a pack of Michelob ULTRA today. Have it delivered through doordash.com. Enjoy it responsibly. Copyright 2024 Anheuser-Busch Michelob B ULTRA, registered Light Beer, St. Louis, Missouri.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer. Podcast Network. Put up a new re watchable on Monday night. It was from our re watchable 1999 series that we recorded a few years ago. We did The Sixth Sense, that was with Sean Fantasy, Chris Ryan and Jason Conce, old friend. So we recorded that night in 2019. It is the last old episode we'll be running this year. It's a new episode, but old, old in the fact that we did it five years ago. Everything is new going forward, starting next Monday. And you can watch all of it on The, Ringer movies, YouTube channel. And you can watch all the clips from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. We did our inaugural guest The Lines with Cousin Sal on Sunday night and that was super fun.


I taped the podcast you're about to hear on Tuesday morning heading into Tuesday night. So if anything happens in the debate tonight, that's completely insane. We didn't know about it. Sean Fantasy is up first. We're talking Jets, Mets, Nicks, we're talking a little Rebel Ridge with him and Van Lathan as well. And then a lot of Sopranos. 'cause there's a really great documentary on HBO about the Sopranos that we wanted hit. And then Van stuck around and we talked about the Super Bowl halftime show and Dion and Tyreek. And there's just a lot going on in this podcast. It's really good. It's all next first. Our friends from Pro.


All right, on Sunday I texted Sean Fantasy and I said, win or lose on Monday night. You have to come on and talk about The Jets. Normally we just do rewatch Bulls pods together. And I feel like every time you come on this pod, you're either tortured or super excited about The Jets or the Knicks. So now it's Tuesday and The Jets game couldn't have gone worse. And I'm sorry. Thanks for having me back. I think last time I was here I was screaming about Joel Embi and today I'll be screaming about Robert Sala. So thanks for having me. Oh, let's go. So Robert Sala, look this up. He's now 18 and 34 career. There's 201 coaches who have coached 50 plus games and he is 180 third and winning percentage.


Now he's in the bottom 20. Cool. All time. And it's, it's an amazing list. Sean that, like Hugh Jackson is on that list. Nepo baby David Shula is on that list. Joe Bugle, Mike Nolan, the guy who used to wear a suit on the sidelines for the Niners, he's on that list. The one and only Romeo Cornell, he's on there as well. Legend. And now Big legend shot Bob Sala. Are you out? It's, it's hard to say. They just got their asses kicked by what may be the first or second best team in the NFL, right? So like I can take a deep breath and recognize that they played a road game on Monday night football against an absolute juggernaut and maybe the best coach in the NFL. But man, they looked not prepared.


And their defense got their asses handed to them. They, he was completely out coached, made zero adjustments. And obviously I've been waiting a long time to root for a quarterback like Aaron Rogers. And that was okay. That was pretty good, that experience. But the defense, which is, I think Troy Aikman used the phrase vaunted defense like nine times last night. Yeah. They looked mediocre at best. Well you said this, hey, because you were texting our inner circle chat and you were like, I don't understand this Jet's love at all. Our defensive line is gonna be terrible. Why don't people notice that we, we lost Huff, we added Reddick who doesn't play?


People are gonna be able to run the ball. You basically laid out every single thing that happened in the game. So, you know, it's a tricky situation because the whole defense is designed around not blitzing and having a strong pass rush and having lockdown secondary. So for the last two plus years of the Sola scheme, it's worked really well because they've had Bryce Huff who is an undrafted free agent, who they developed into an incredible pressure guy. They've had John Franklin Meyers an incredible run stuffing defensive end. And Quintin Williams has emerged as one of the best defensive tackles in the league. They also had Quentin Jefferson last year who put a ton of pressure on the quarterback. They lost Quintin Jefferson, they lost John Franklin Myers because they couldn't, they, because they traded for Haas on Reddick.


So they couldn't keep him on the cap. And they lost Bryce Huff to the Eagles, who very smartly then traded Haas on Redick, who was asking for a lot of money to The Jets Reddick didn't play last night and they're otherwise down three of their six best defensive linemen. Of course they got their asses handed to them by a running back that no one had ever heard of until six hours ago. So didn't make a single adjustment in the game. And they were playing a bunch of nobodies on the defensive line. Two undrafted free agents, like guys you've never heard of who couldn't keep up last night, So. it was, you know, for some, for somebody who follows the team very closely, it was clear that the defense was gonna take a step back. The hope was that the offense would take a step up. Yeah, It just wasn't enough of a step up, I guess.


I mean eight consecutive scoring drives. That's that. Apparently that's a record for the San Francisco 49 ERs. Have you ever seen anything like that? No. It was horrible. I thought they were trying to start the game. We're gonna run the ball down San Francisco's throat and keep our defense off the field. Seemed to be the plan, but they couldn't really run the ball. But they, they had that one drive where, and we were texting about, it was like, oh, that's what we thought we were gonna get with The Jets Rogers making quick decisions at the line. Wilson was open and it just seemed like the right mix and then it just went away and we never saw it again. I thought So Rogers looked better than cousins. Yeah, cousins was a statue in that Pittsburgh game. He just couldn't move around.


Rogers could move around a little, but it wasn't the same mobility that he used to have. Now he is also 40 and he is coming off a big injury. But I thought there were moments when he just seemed like he wanted to get rid of the ball versus actually trying to zoom out and create time, which he used to be great at. I think the one interception that he had is pretty uncharacteristic for him, where he was trying to force it into Garrett Wilson. And you could see it was because he was a little jittery in the pocket. He really didn't want to get hit. Yeah, but his arm is still money. Yes. I, he was making incredible throws that, you know, that free play touchdown to Alan Lazar and also that throw along the sideline Tolan Lazar. Those are insane. I mean I've never, I've literally never rooted for a quarterback who could make a throw like that in my entire life.


So watching that stuff was really fun. But you know, this is an offense that is coached by the immortal Nat Hackett who the the run run pass king running on first down on like nine of the 10 drives that they had in this game. What the fuck is he doing? That was Bizarre. Run Pass King. Is that his nickname? I Mean it, I mean it is to me in All Jets fans this morning, if, if that guy was calling the plays and it seemed like he was, that was a, just a masterclass in playing into San Francisco's hands. 'cause they, they had a really stout run defense, Andree Hall who's explosive was just getting jammed at the line nonstop. I think he averaged like 2.8 yards of carry. This is one of the most expo explosive players in the NFL. So that was really disappointing to watch. And he spent a lot of money in the offensive line too. It was interesting when they brought in the backup and they were talking about how he was 20 years old and I was thinking he was like three and a half years older than my son.


That is true. B Braylin Allen playing. He's A beast. Yeah. Talking shit to the like grown men on the Niners. I thought that was amazing. Kevin Wildes pointed this out and I didn't think it was true and I looked it up and he was right. Rogers hasn't thrown for 300 yards since week 13 of the 2021 season, which was December 19th, 2021. Do you wanna guess what the number one movie was that week? I'm gonna put all your interests together. Ooh. Say what? December 19th. 2021. December. So there was December. December 17th releases too. There were Wednesday Friday releases that week. Oh God. That's just late in Covid times. It was right when they were like, Hey, come back to the theaters.


And meanwhile there was a new strain of Covid coming out. Well I'll give you three. Okay. Spider-Man. No way. Home. Okay. Yeah, that makes sense. West Side Story and House of Gucci. House of Gucci was the one that really hit home to me because it felt like that movie came out nine years ago. Yeah, I think that one was a November release. I will say Spider-Man. No Way. Home is the number one movie at the box office Back then. Yeah. That in that weekend. That, but I'm Just saying to put that in perspective, those were the three movies that came out during Rogers' last 300 yard game. Was he an absolute kook by then? I guess he was right? He was immunized and all that bullshit.


Yeah. What's it like to root for somebody who could be described as an absolute kook ing? Thanks for asking. I, you know, throughout the entirety of him not playing, it hasn't been pleasant. But when he was throwing the ball, I was into it man. I was like, whatever, what Ayahuasca, you know, vaccines. Yeah, I'm not thinking about that. What I'm thinking about is darts down the sideline. I that, that was just thrilling. You know, I'm, I'm not a huge fan of a lot of the stuff that he's done, you know, in the public eye. But I, for a 40-year-old guy, even if he still hasn't thrown for 300 yards in over three years, it's clear that he's not over, he's not done, he's not cooked. I mean the Niners are good. Yeah. And he was able to score on them a couple of times and he made Al Lazar look like an NFL player, which is something that Zach Wilson was never able to do.


So I'm not like completely out on Aaron Rogers. I don't know how you could be after that game. I do think they also have kind of a cupcake schedule coming up. Yeah. So this world in which they're doing very well. I still think this is an in a deeply flawed team though. And I'll be honest, you know, when I really started getting nervous is when you started gassing them up like six weeks ago. And I was like, oh no, why is Bill on this? That is Not good. Think that. I think that was the right instinct, especially after watching Miami who got completely outplayed for almost that entire Jacksonville game and then would've been down 24 7 ETN fumbles. And then the game just flips. And then Buffalo is like barely holding on against Arizona.


You know, it just feels like whoever can get to 10 wins in the A FFC makes it The Jets. Next three, they're at Tennessee. Tennessee's terrible home for the Pats and home for Denver. And I feel like if you come out of that, oh and three after that Pats game or one and three after the Denver game, there's, there's some salad possibilities at that point. I, I was wondering about that too. If he could get, he would be canned. It's a tricky one because I think the Pats are gonna be a little better than people think. The Jets are also playing three games in 11 days. Yeah. That's not, I have no idea why the NFL just, they have a 40-year-old quarterback and they schedule them to play three games in 11 days. They also have a lot of nationally televised games on the schedule this year.


And if they're not good again, that's gonna seem very strange. Yeah. That Pats game is a Thursday, so they go at Tennessee and then home for Pats like four days later. Yeah. That's not really not ideal. The, I don't know. I mean this is a, this is, if you, that looked like a nine, eight win team last night, you know, it just looked like a mediocre team. And if they are a mediocre team, you know, my prediction was that they all get fired at the end of the season and Rogers retires. Like, is, does, does that seem right to you? What do you think based on what you saw? I'm not ready to go there yet. He had that one throw to Lazar down the sidelines that made me realize, oh there's nobody quite like this guy in the league.


Right. Just a couple. He pulls a couple throws out that I don't think anybody else in the league can make. And it still, it feels like he can still do that. It feels like he can still go to the line and be like, they're doing this so we should do this. I mean this is what happens in week one and week two. The Niners just might be, their defense might be just awesome this year. Maybe we were not gonna realize that for three more weeks. I think the Pats game is a little dangerous. And that, that's the one I'm trying to figure out. Especially the Pats are home for Seattle this week trying to figure out how real that Bengals win was. I, I read everything. I watched the game again. The defense looked like 2001 hats on the ball.


Everyone flying around defense and they had a pass rush, which I, I had no idea they were gonna have a pass rush this year. Especially with Juda and Barmore out. But they do. And then they were really able to run the ball on the right side, which I don't think from Andre was, I think one of the best running backs in week one, if not the best one. So the way they ran the ball against Cincy, I think they could do against The Jets. I agree with you. And I think they could pressure Rogers. So it's, it's a little bit of a scarier game than maybe I was counting on. I thought the Pats were gonna be reprehensive bad and they're not. I thought that there was one crazy moment, like a real sliding doors moment in the Pats game where Burrow threw the touchdown, I think it was in the second quarter that got called back and then he threw another pass over the middle to the tight end that got punched out at like the six yard line.


Yeah. And fumbled. And I thought if they went in and scored there, the games, the angles might have been rolling down a hill. I agree. And, and that didn't happen. But I was wa I was watching the Pats closely 'cause I was like, I need the Pats to not be good for once in my life. And I was like, oh fuck, they're good. This is not, this is really not ideal. And that was when I started texting you and I was like, okay, so the dolphins looked bad and they pulled the game out, the bills completely turned their act around in the second half and looked dominant in the second half of that game. Yeah. And the Pats are gonna be tough and they played hard for Mayo and even though The Jets have ostensibly an easier schedule, man, every team picking them to go like 12 and five or 13 and four, that just doesn't feel right. It doesn't taste right somehow based on what they've done. Also, you know, Joe Douglas who did pick Garrett Wilson who did pick Sauce Gardner, who did find Jermaine Johnson at the end of the first round of a draft, you know, he also picked Zach Wilson second overall, he also waited too long to add a veteran quarterback to the team.


He also has now taken two consecutive first round picks that I don't think are gonna contribute to this team really all that much this year. And Will McDonald last year and ou Fnu on the offensive line this year, you know, it's like you used to say about Belichick, it's like you keep taking guys in the first and second round that don't contribute, that's gonna catch up with you. Like those guys are not really playing that much. So it's the team that doesn't have as much depth as you want. The thing I didn't like out of all this stuff they did, because the Giants did a version of this too, where they paid draft compensation to get somebody who played the exact same position as the guy, they just could have kept or just signed like the Giants could have just signed a free agent. Instead they paid a pick to trade for Brian Burns and The Jets just could have kept Huff and maybe even just also kept Franklin Myers and instead they paid a draft pick to go get Reddick.


I don't understand the logic of that. I would never wanna give up a second round pick if I could have the second round pick plus Huff. I think if you are a cynical Jets fan, looking at the strategy, they felt like they built Huff out of nothing and they thought they could do it again with other guys. And so they didn't want to overpay for a guy who doesn't play against the run who's a, you know, po you know, positional switch player who only basically blitzes the court, you know, rushes the quarterback. And so they were like, we we can find another Huff, we can find another huff. And then they lost Huff and then they're like, shit, we gotta get another edge player. They kind of freaked out as a little bit late in the game. Howie Roseman, you know, just treated Joe Douglas as that pro. That's the red flag of Yeah, the Eagles want your guy.


That's probably a a, a red flag. I totally agree because they have some pretty good taste in players. I Totally agree. And, and Roseman, you know, Joe Douglas used to work for Howie Roseman, so that whole thing just smelled funny to me from the beginning. And all my Eagles friends of course have been taunting me about it all summer. So I feel shitty about that. That being said, I don't know, given the schedule, given Rogers, given Hall and Wilson, there are definitely gonna be games where they're gonna win 30 to 10 and I have just not seen a lot of games like that in my life. Actually there was an amazing stat that I read, which is that they had games in which they scored three offensive touchdowns just twice last year and they actually scored three offensive touchdowns last night. Yeah. So it's gonna be a better offense for sure. Even Tyra Taylor, he looked pretty slick last, last night in garbage time.


I enjoyed that. I also enjoyed it. I've always liked him. I've always been rooting for him ever since he was almost murdered by the Chargers team doctor. The, I'm, I'm also not out on this Jets season. I think one of the things is they're built to have a lead. They're one of those teams where it's like, once we have a lead, we can run the ball, we can do play action and then on defense we can just, you know, rush and blitz and do all the so stuff. So yesterday was the worst case scenario. Also, once the niners realized they could run the ball, that's the most terrifying team in the league when it's like, oh, you're letting us run for six yards of carry and now you have to start moving guys up to try to stop the run. Great. This is what we're good at So.


it might've just been a perfect storm. We've seen week one Overreactions. I'm not out of them yet. Wilson and Hall are amazing. Can I see an awesome weapons? They, They are the one of my big takeaways from the game, and this is something we've talked about a lot over the last two years. There was no Jets Pass pass rush whatsoever last night. But B Brock Purdy was, was kind of slinging it. He looked good. He was, yeah, he looked good and they even dropped a couple plays. Well you know the, the famous stat of The Jets haven't made the playoffs since 2010. Right. So that's like winter 2010. I realized we first met and exchanged emails in 2011 and we've worked together since 2012.


Maybe I'm the problem Time to quit. Should I put in my notice this morning? No. May. Maybe we just should have a more distant relationship. Larry David quit The Jets. Did he know? I think he kind of did. But if, but if they go 12 and five this year, is he back in? I dunno. I, you know like, like he, he's my dad's age and your dad like it's when you hit your mid seventies you just start fuck it. So he's claiming he quit, but I also think he watched a game yesterday. So I don't know. We'll we'll get a T bd, maybe he'll come on the pod. It's a bummer that The Jets didn't win because I was so excited to take your high from The Jets game and then spin it against you with the Knicks and Julius Randall just ready to single handedly sabotage the Knicks season.


No, I was ready to do that. We can do that in a month though. That's Not gonna happen. What do you mean? Well, you know, he's was upset his jersey wasn't in the window Play making firepower. That's what we need in the playoffs and that's what Julius Randall provides for this team. It's gonna be fine. I'm not worried Who are the two unhappy guys that aren't gonna be playing in crunch time every next game? Have they figured that out yet? And will they have special seats? I don't know where Devo fits in. I don't know where Dante di Vincenzo fits in in the lineup. Honestly, he's gotta be so bummed out. Yeah, he was, he's turned into a 20 minute a game guy. I'm sure he'll be psyched. He was bomb. He bombed like 11 threes in a playoff game That and he's, he's gonna get eight minutes a game given this roster. I don't know, whatever. They got Mikhale bridges. That was awesome. Come on. They're good. You can't make me feel bad about the Knicks.


They're good Josh Hart all of a sudden now, just a 20 minute a game guy. Guy. What's his, how's that gonna, how's his ego gonna handle that? Josh Hart had an incredible Simmons esque tweet yesterday, bill, it was none of my parlays hit. Football is so back. Josh Hart did that. NBA odds right now by the way, we have your Knicks have the fourth best odds on FanDuel nine to one Eastern Conference. Your Knicks tied for the second best odds plus four 40.


Is it? This is the highest they've been in since the late nineties. Are they The ahead of the Bucks? Yeah. So it. So let me try to guess. Is it Celtics Nuggets? Sixers Celtics. Sixers Knicks for the East. Yeah. What about in the West? Well, for the championships Celtics Thunder right after the Celtics then Sixers Knicks together. Yeah, people are in on the Thunder this year. We're really gonna miss Isaiah Hartenstein. That was, he was awesome. I like that guy. He seems super fired up to be part of the Thunder with Caruso too. The thunder's gonna be really good. I I think they're live for the one seat. All that stuff. Alright, so you're not giving up on The Jets, you're super optimistic about the Knicks and then Mets.


Are they playoffs? What, what's happening with the Mets? I was wondering if you were gonna ask me. I mean, honestly, they might be the most exciting and resilient Mets team of my adult life. Wow. This has been a crazy season. They're like 55 and 29 since May 30th or something. They've been on an insane run. I, you know, they're in a really, really tight playoff race right now. And it's the same goddamn problem where when the Knicks get good, of course the Sixers and Celtics are really good. You know, when The Jets get good, of course the bills and the dolphins are really good. And in the Mets case, the Phillies are a juggernaut and the Braves will not go away. The Braves are missing their ace pitcher. Spencer Strider out for the year. They're missing their reigning MVP Ronald Laia.


They're having a huge down year from Matt Olson. They're missing, you know, their start their basement Austin Riley and they, they're keeping up with the Mets, which is killing me. But you know what I always bitch about not having like a super duper starter root for and not having these great legendary players over the course of the last four years, Francisco Andor turned into it. He just turned into it. Wow. He just, he's like a legitimate MVP candidate. The entire fan base has flipped on him. He had a really bad first year where he was like doing the thumbs down thing and the fans were turning against him. But man, he's just been freaking nails for three years in a row. And this year has been his best season. Just a joy to watch. Just an old school plays 162 games a year. Shortstop. He's a wizard defensively. He, he sits for every goddamn interview after every game and says like, we gotta be better.


I gotta be better. He's clutch. Just a really cool to root for somebody like that. I've been so on baseball this whole year, so Good Son Analogy, you're holding the Phillies and the Braves and you only have the strength to pull one of them back on the cliff and drop the other one. Who do you drop? Well I should drop the Phillies. Who you, who would you wanna see dropping into the abyss of the O Rocky Ocean? I Should drop the Phillies 'cause they're in first place. But honestly I hope the entire Braves organization like mistakenly gets on Titanic 2.0 and just sinks into the bottom of the ocean soon. Like I just can't deal with the Braves. I'm sick. The Braves have been haunting me for 25 years, so I don't wanna see them anymore. That's our Mets Jets. Nicks update from Sean Fantasy.


We're gonna take a break and come back. Van La and Sean and I are gonna talk about the Sopranos documentary Next,


kick off this NF NFL season with a win on FanDuel America's number one sports book. Right now all customers get a profit boost every single NFL game day. That means you can pump up your Gridiron winnings multiple times a week. FanDuel tons of ways you can get in on the NFL action. you can put on money lines, spreads player props much, much more. It's early in the week, so we're looking at the overcorrection lines, which to me, Jacksonville minus three and a half right now against Cleveland and whatever the hell we're getting about from Deshaun Watson these days, that line seems low. Jacksonville should have won last week and then Miami at home, basically getting a point and a half against a Buffalo team that barely held off Arizona. Those seem like the two overreaction lines, but with simple live betting lightning, fast bet settlement and instant withdrawals, FanDuel makes betting on the NFL easier than ever before. So all you have to do is visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download FanDuel today. You must be 21 plus in President select states or 18 plus in president DC. Opt-in required bonus issued as no drawable profit. Boost tokens restrictions apply including token expiration C terms for both offers at sportsbook. Do FanDuel dot com gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by L Sunday Ticket on YouTube tv. One of my favorite products. And baby I am back in my role as YouTube TV's CMO, chief Multi-View Officer. That's right NFL season. It's finally here. Thank God. What were we doing without it? There's no better way to tune in than with NFL Sunday Ticket and YouTube tv. You get access to every game, every Sunday, all in one place. And with the upgraded multi-view feature, which I love so much, you can even customize which four NFL games you wanna watch at the same time. That's what I'm gonna be helping out with. That is one magical Sunday. My friends And. guess what? We get a bunch of them all in a row. Sign up today, youtube.com/bs device and content restrictions. Apply local and national games on YouTube. TV NFL Study ticket for outta market games. Excludes digital only games.


Alright, Sean Fantasy still here. Van Lathan is joining us. We're gonna talk a little pop culture, the three of us. Sean you did your podcast on Rebel Ridge on the big picture I did this week, which I watched. I woke up on Saturday morning and my wife was like, I'm gonna sleep late. And I'm like, great, you should sleep late. And I just watched all of Rebel Ridge. It was great. It played all the hits. I thought it struggled in the middle. It's probably about 15 minutes too long, which I feel like I'm saying about every movie, but, but I really enjoyed it and I thought the lead actor was great. Van, what did you think of Rebel Rich? It wasn't what I expected. I expected it to be a display of this man's physical force and him beating the hell out of people who have wronged him.


The movie had layers I didn't expect it to have and just really a fantastic performance. Like I watched the movie and I thought, there's my black Batman, I'm serious. I was like that guy. Like there's like, there's my black Batman. Like, it, it, the movie actually ended up being like a a, a really great script A little long, but I was really pleasantly surprised and I had heard the gas on. It was so crazy that I didn't think he could possibly live up to it. But he did. Sean what's his, what's it where, where did he come from? What's his background? And did you know he had that performance in him? Definitely not. He's an, it's a really amazing, A Star is born kind of situation for him, but he's done, he's done some work.


He was in Barry Jenkins as the Underground Railroad, the Amazon series. He was, he played the rapper in the M Knight Shalon movie old that rapper's name was mid-size sedan. Oh, Mid-size sedan. That's okay. That's him. Yeah, He, he's done a few things here and there. You know the crazy story about that movie where it originally started its production with John Boyega, you know, from the Star Wars movies in that role. And he left the movie under somewhat mysterious circumstances and he was replaced by Pierre, who's a British actor who most people haven't seen before. And man, he's a badass. I mean, he is just, the Batman call is really fascinating. Chris had something similar because of the way that his character doesn't try to injure anybody.


You know, he's not trying to murder anybody while he's doling out justice. He's got this very sort of like disarming quality physically, but he holds the screen. You know, sometimes you see a guy who doesn't, who's very still on camera and just looks into the camera and you're like, that guy's got it. And Aaron Pierre is the actor's name. He's got it. Yeah. I felt I had never really had a movie experience with him. I had to Wikipedia him about halfway through the movie. And of course he's fucking British man. We just can't win. We can't win. We are the American actors. Kika went what? Kika and Kika Kika literally went, oh, he's British. And I was like, what? What?


She's like, oh my God, British. But you know what's funny? Like when you go back and you watch First Blood, it's obviously a movie that you know it's gonna be compared to the later Ram. 'cause it ripped it, it ripped off the same premise. Is that one of the reasons? Yeah, it's inspired by, yeah. Okay. Same. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. But when you go back and you look at the subsequent Rambo movies, John Rambo movies After First Blood Rambo is the most compelling when he's fucking shit up. Yeah. When he's shooting arrows or setting stuff on fire or beating people up or whatever. But in First Blood, it's not that way. Like he's most compelling when he's just going like, yo, why are you doing this? Like, what, what's with you guys?


Like the, the most compelling part of it is like this guy being in a different situation where these people are like trying to take advantage of him and him just like pushing back against them. And that tension is the most, and that's kind of the same thing with Rebel Ridge. Rebel Ridge is not at its most compelling when he's getting busy. That's, those aren't the best parts of the movie. Those are, that's fine. But it's most compelling when he's this close to Don Johnson and they're talking and they're testing each other and the psychological part of the movie is the stuff that makes it work, which is, it's, it's hard to do in a movie that's kind of based around this ex-Marine like beating people up, you know? Yeah. Well that's what the first 20 minutes of First Blood, which we did on the re watchable way back when, but it's so brilliantly constructed and Sean you did what, what was the theme of the big picture was Garbage Revenge.


Yeah. Just like all revenge movies where somebody's been openly wronged and this movie has a perfect openly wronged civil asset forfeiture first 10 minutes of the movie. And you're like, God dammit, what's these cops? What the fuck, man? Yeah. So I I I would've called that I let Openly wronged. I, the other version of that is the, oh man, just leave him alone because that, that's First Blood, right? So just leave him alone. Yeah. He wanted to see his buddy. He just wants to get some eggs. Can you just leave him alone? Yeah. And it's like, ah, they won't leave him alone. Oh, they're really not leaving him alone. Oh boy. Here we go. But I think what shot, I deliberately didn't read anything about this movie, movie. I just assumed it was gonna be the, oh, he's gonna get, here we go.


He is just gonna beat the shit and kill people and let's go, let's put, let's get a body count going. And it, it zagged really hard on that. And it seemed really, like Van said, really interested in the cat and mouse dynamic with him and my guy Don Johnson. Yeah. 40 year anniversary of Miami Vice season one, one of my favorite TV se seasons of all time. He creates Sonny Crockett who becomes the model, the first kind of semi anti-heroes. Not quite an anti-hero, but there's some DNA in there that, that goes. And the only thing better than Don Johnson is evil. Don Johnson, who we've seen a couple times. I was Evil Don Johnson. And I've always felt like, I don't know why Don Johnson didn't have a better movie career.


He's really good in Tin Cup. He's really good in the hotspot. He's, he's been been consistently, when you see him, you're like, oh, Don Johnson. I like Don Johnson. And I don't, I like when he taps into his evil Sean good villain. He, you know, he was a hero on that TV series, but he's been, his best work is by far, when he plays a a bad guy in movies. I mean, he is an awesome bag. Or at least a sleaze bag. Well wait A a second in Miami advice, he was a hero with a dark side. That's true. That's true. He drinking problem. He, he went against the grain. He was like that one of the first, are you gonna play by our rules or not that, that like, that he kind of created that. He, it seems like Sonny Crockett was one mentor away from being a drug dealer himself, right?


Yeah. He thought about it. Yeah, He had the boat, he had an alligator. He was like, you know. Yeah. If if things go sideways, I could also go the other way. What were you gonna say Sean? I, There's an amazing scene in this movie outside of the hospital where it becomes clear that what they did was wrong and they're trying to sort of make amends to put the tiger back in the cage. Yeah. And Don Johnson in that scene, when he's explaining what he's willing to do for the Aaron Pierre character and the Aaron Pierre character trying to hold it in and not just strangle Don Johnson high class stuff, like I personally wanted to reach through the screen and smack Don Johnson in the face. Like, that's how you know you're a good villain. Yeah. It's weird. 'cause they, they released this movie the same weekend as a Perfect Couple or the perfect couple, whatever it's called with Nicole Kidman and Lee Schreiber, which don't think I didn't watch all six episodes of that too.


It was, it was a really big Netflix weekend and the Perfect Couple was just like this, this new genre of TV we've now created based on season one of Big Little Lies where it's like Rich people A murderer. Oh, a famous actress. Wait, there's a zag. Who was the one who got murdered? Oh, it's this person. Oh, these people did it. No they didn't. Oh, there's a big event and it's just, we're just AIing that now. Like if people are afraid of ai, watch Perfect Couple because that's ai. But then all of a sudden decided it was a black comedy in the end. And my wife and I, we watched all six episodes and we're like, what the fuck just happened? Why, why did this show exist? I still kind of was mildly entertained by it.


But then Rebel Ridge was, I thought really good in a movie I would've paid to see in a movie van. You would've paid to see that in the movies, right? Yeah. It would've been hard to get me to go see it though. Yeah, that's the issue. Because it didn't have a star or you didn't like the theme because It, it, it didn't have a star. It, the movie looks kind of like paint by numbers. if you just look at the trailer, it looks like the you Fucked with the Wrong Person movie, which is what these movies come down to. And So it the even to make me watch it. Like Chris wouldn't stop. Chris was, Chris wouldn't let it go. Chris. Like, I've never seen Chris Ryan this excited over something. This is like if the, the, the Sixers won the championship.


He was really like, van, have you seen it the next day? Van did you get a chance to watch it? He's like, van, did you get a chance to see Rebel Ridge? Like he was really, and and he almost never, You didn't know, you didn't know Krister and De Thieves because it was like that on fucking steroids and Hch h when Deni Thieves came out And his recommendations are always so good for stuff that's van coded that he knows I'm gonna like, so I, so I had to check it out, but it would've been hard for me to get, 'cause I did not hourly recognize Aaron Pierre. And it would just been tough to get me to go to the theater to see the movie. I might've seen it after word of mouth, but Netflix was probably an easier sell for a lot of people. Would you put cr o over me with text recommendations of pop culture Content? I think I'd have to think about it, but like CR rep, God this really hurts.


But he goes, Jesus. Some deep cuts though. See he gives some things that like he goes bang, lioness, gotta see it. And then I watch Lioness and Lioness is fantastic. You have never seen Lioness. We're talking about the whole Taylor Sheridan DNA connection here between I know, But that's not CR is just blind season tickets for the Taylor Sheridan universe. It's true. It's very true. It's true. Whatever that oil show is, it doesn't matter if it's good or not. C's gonna watch that one. He's so fired up for Landman. Are you guys up on Landman? This is the next, the next Taylor Sheridan show that's coming out. I don't know what the details of it are. I don't, it's there's Another Taylor Sheridan show that's not the oil show or is that the same show? Mm. What's the show with Billy Bob Thornton and John Ham? That's Landman. Oh, that's so that's the oil show.


Yeah. Yeah. John, I like to pronounce it like Grantland Landman John John Ham's evil billionaire Oil guy and Billy Bob Thornton's trying to keep it real. Yeah. In the fields. And Demi Moore is involved. That's land man. I'll watch every episode just for the record. Often can, Taylor is a fantastic storyteller. He really is, especially like the first season of Yellowstone. But how, how many times can he go back to the well with the super rich people Are still, still discovering it. Van, I had just talked to my dad this week. Yeah, people love it. Weekend we, we had our annual pre jetts conversation and we were like, how you feeling? How you feeling? And then he just spent the rest of the time, me, him and it, and my stepmom telling me that they knocked out 1883, they knocked out 1923.


They're on the third season of Yellowstone and they're thriving. They're trying to watch the Dutton saga chronologically In order. Wow. Almost a godfather starting with in the 1910s. Oh, exactly. Oh, I like that. And they were loving it. Creative. Yeah. And they, he's figured it out. I think they're, I don't understand how he's so prolific. It doesn't make a lot of sense. And it does feel like he's the guy from Limitless. Like he found some sort of pill that allows him to just write every episode of five TV shows at the same time. There's no other explanation. Do you know what's funny about that? Mentioning that I kind of feel that way in the opposite about, about Don Johnson. I wonder how bad Don Johnson wanted it.


Like, I don't know because, and I'm not saying that he's like lazy or nothing. I'm just saying that like Don Johnson, every time you see Don Johnson on screen, you go, you know, I could have used more Don Johnson. Like you, you think about roles that Don Johnson could have played. You know, the, and to me, my favorite scene in Rebel Ridge was when the wifi is out in the thing and they're trying to figure out what the acronym means for him. And like they, they're trying to figure out that he's a badass and he's outside talking. That is such a well played scene. And I, Don Johnson has this thing where he does it in a scene where you can't think of another actor who've done it like that. And it's like right there. But I, I don't know if he wanted to, in that era of hyper competi Hollywood star, it doesn't seem like he was out there trying to be everywhere at one time.


It didn't selective and he, he, he picked and choose a little bit. I gotta say that's one of the best modern versions uses of the internet in a movie I've ever seen. Where in that moment you're talking about when they see M-C-M-A-P, where it's the Marine Corps martial arts program and the the female cop is looking at the Wikipedia and she's like, uhoh. I think his picture's on the Wikipedia. I was like, Wow, we're we're in this guy's, the man I followed Don Johnson on Instagram seems like he's got a Great life. He lives somewhere warm and sunny. He's unlike wife number four. They have a kid who played high school basketball. He, he does walk and talks. Really? He just, yeah.


He, he just seems he'll, he'll post pictures of him having coffee. He lives somewhere warm in California and it just seems like he has a Great life. I mean, when you're Sonny Crockett for five years, what else, what else is next? You were the greatest TV cop I think of all time. I have him number one still Sonny Crockett Bill, I gotta Who's above him? I gotta confess something to you. You never watched Miami Vice? No, I have. I've seen it. I I'm not as into it as you. I, but I understand it's important to you, but no, four months ago you were like, you need to start doing walkin talks. When you get outta movies, you need to do the movie bites. Instant reaction. I wanted him to do that. Yeah. What's that Pizza the day port Right. Pizza show. The one bite Sean. One take, one take. He just comes in 50 seconds just hot on a movie. Wow.


I was kidding by the way, it wasn't When you said it to me, I was so mad. I was like, you would degrade me and make me an, an animal on social media. And then honestly, the last few times I've seen a movie, I was like, bill is really on to something I should be doing. Walk talks outside the movie Sean. You should do it with the people I was see yeah, right outside the theater with the, with the, the building behind you and you just grab a viewer and it's like, all right, it's time for one take Sean Fe. Hey guys, sending a Sean here outside the marquee at The Grove. I'm here with the people we just saw Beetlejuice Beetlejuice guys, what'd you think? I would watch every episode. What it's, what was the title I had though? It wasn't one take. It was, it was something like that.


I can't remember. It was good. I was really mad when you said it. I was like, you must think I'm such a schmuck. But you were right as usual. Well I just, you see how many movies a week? 20. No, not that a lot. A lot. I see a lot of movies a week. 10, 12. The fact that Sean's a man Was trying to get this motherfucker. The fact that you was trying to get this motherfucker to walk around After he had seen movie. No, I wasn't the movie. I was joking with a camera, but I knew it would. I knew it. I planted the seed. I knew it would Fuck. Fuck bro. It did. It did anno me. When does it end Bill Sean Sean what? 2024 movie are you the most excited for Van and I to see maybe even together? Ooh, We were just talking about Saturday Night and I, I do really want you both to see that I'm very interested, you know, bill, you're a, you are a yeah, a shaman, a guru.


Saturday Night live history. So I know too much. That's an important one. If I could remove one thing from my brain that probably like if it, like if your brain's an iPhone and it gets filled up and you can't, you don't wanna buy any more hard drive stuff for your brain, I would remove a lot of my center live knowledge. There's nothing to do with it. I have nobody to talk to about it. Just to, just to set your expectations. They do put a lot of stuff that all doesn't happen in that first night into the movie. It's a lot. There's a bunch of SNL history. But I thought that was pretty, pretty cool movie. I mean, you know, I haven't seen Gladiator two, but I'm ready for Gladiator two to take over the p I've talked to two people who've seen it and they were like, get fucking ready. So really? Oh yeah. Really? Yes. Interesting. Yes. Would one person I really trust too, I would've bet that that would've been a let down in some kind of way.


I mean maybe I'm hyping it up too much for people now, but I heard, I was told Get ready. Mm. Okay. Wow. How old's Ridley Scott now 84. Oh my God, I think he's older than Biden. Wow. Yeah, yeah. Older than Biden. Should he Run on the demo Democratic ticket? You think Ridley? Well it's not born in the US unfortunately. Gladiator two. What about that Selena Gomez movie? I saw that Amelia Perez. I saw a Telluride. It was interesting. It's a movie that is about the desotos in Mexico and is also a musical and is also a trans coming of age story and is also a movie about a lawyer.


So it's a whole lot of movie guys Damn complicated movie because She's getting some best actress buzz I noticed. I don't think that's gonna happen. Zoe Saldana though. She of Lioness is in that movie too and she's dope. She's really good. Hey Van was Rebel Ridge the movie you always wanted Michael B. Jordan to make Is, it's funny, it, I thought about, what I thought about was, so, you know, John Boy Ger leaves the film. Like he basically just like checked out his hotel and just like walked away, Right? That's what they said. Yeah. They cast Aaron Pierre in two weeks, like in, within two weeks he was on the film. And you can tell, right?


Because that might be another reason why some of the action scenes aren't like super well choreographed and he's not doing like high level martial arts and all of that stuff because he's really a grounded pound type of guy. Normally it takes a little while they train you up to do all of that. But I was thinking if you lose John Boyega, you made them go right to Aaron Pierre. Like what made them say, okay, we know we got this guy. What made them go right to him? I was thinking about other guys that could have been in that role and if that's the kind of role that like if, if Mike or another actor of that ilk like kills that role, it really does a lot for their profile. Like, 'cause he, I mean that's a star making turn for him if you ask me like I'm now interested in him.


He carried a whole movie Kinetically and really showed a lot of dimensions. So I don't know why some of the, some of the actors, some of the black actors stateside, they don't, they don't really trust him with roles like that. You know, I mean, the thing I've been saying about the Rebel Ridge in particular is that it's the Steven Egal movie with a New Yorker subscription. You know, like it's a, it's a movie that is really, really smart but is basically just, there's an indestructible force that is barreling through this town. And that's not a really a, like, there are a few actors who pursued those. Like, speaking of Netflix, Chris Hemsworth has the extraction movies. They're somewhat similar, you know, like they, they're sort of like there's a man on a mission, he's been wrong somehow and he's gotta get to the end of the game.


But they're hard parts to do. You know, like it's not easy to carry a story like that and make it seem credible. The fact that we bought into Steven Segal for like 10 years doing that is kind of amazing. Oh, I'm still buying shooter shooter with Mark Wahlberg's like that. The Marine with John Cena underrated. Might have watched that a couple times. Underrated movie to me, man. Yeah, shooter is pretty ridiculous. I mean, you know, but it that, that's a fun, fun movie. All right, but don't, don't bismuth egal though. Hey, anybody seen Richie? Yeah. How? How dare you. Anybody know why Richie did Bobby Luo Segal is A lead and just ask that he's beating people up. I'm like, Saal was the man, bro.


Sean Sean was like Ruiz with Brock Purdy on on Saal. Meanwhile Egal was elite. All Saal did was win games. He just went 13 and four every year for like seven years. He's made 1.7 good movies in my opinion. Hold On, let's take a quick break and then I want to talk about the Sopranos Doc.


Now it's time for a special part of today's episode sponsored by NFL Sunday Ticket on YouTube tv, my friend NFL Sunday Ticket. Awesome features to help you stay on top of all the action like multiview, my friend, where you can watch up to four games at once or layer on stats and fantasy views to track your favorite teams and players. When you bundle NFL Sunday Ticket and YouTube tv, you get access to every game every Sunday. That's the most live NFL games all in one place. Local national games on YouTube, TV NFL Sunday ticket for outta market games. Excludes digital on the games device and content restrictions apply. All right, now that we got that outta the way, YouTube TV has crowned me their CMO chief multi-view officer to help pick the top four games of the week that you should watch with multi-view. And we have 10 early games this week. That's right, you heard me 10. So we need multi-view more than ever. Here's what I picked. Tampa, Detroit, we're gonna have some offense. I want to see if Tampa is a little bit for real or not really. And Detroit is the best team in the NFC New Orleans Dallas that has the potential to be a Derek Carr. I sucked you in for one week and now things are falling apart. I'm excited for that one. Seattle. New England is the New England defense. For real. We're about to find out. They're home too. And then last but not least, green Bay Indy. Who's playing quarterback for Green Bay? Is it really gonna be Malik Willis? Will it be somebody else? Is Green Bay season about to go south? I think those are the four best of course, with the multi-view builder this year, you can even customize which four NFL games you wanna watch. So you don't even have, listen to me, you can just do your own. Just log in, select build a multi-view and pick out the four games you wanna watch. Thanks again to our friends at NFL Sunday Ticket on YouTube tv. Don't miss a minute of the action. Watch every game every Sunday when you bundle NFL Sunday, a ticket and YouTube tv. you can sign up today at youtube.com/bs. Local national games on YouTube TV N NFL Sunday Ticket for OUTTA market games. Excludes digital in the games device and content restrictions apply.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. As a small business owner, every new hire added to your team needs to make an immediate impact. Think of CJ Stroud in his rookie year, how he transformed the Texans with limited hiring resources. You don't have the luxury of getting it wrong. you need to feel confident that your candidate is going to perform when the game is on the line. With LinkedIn Jobs, you can, as the world's largest professional network, LinkedIn gives you access to more than a billion professionals. With the unique skills and experience you need, chances are your next standout star is one of them. A qualified candidate ready to put in the work that makes an immediate impact on your business. On LinkedIn, 86% of small businesses get a qualified candidate within 24 hours. So hire professionals like a professional on LinkedIn. Hire the right person for your role and post your job for free. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash simmons, that's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


So I ask Van to watch the Sopranos two part documentary that's on HBO. It's about David Chase. It's called Wise Guy. I love the Sopranos. It's my, one of my three favorite TV shows. I I, I'm not ready to make a list, but it's, it's in whatever's What the dude just, it's the wire and what No, is it, is it the Wire Way? Shadow is still up there for me just 'cause it was my first favorite one. Oh yeah. Sopranos Wire Curb, Larry Sanders. There's a bunch, but say it's on, it's on the short list and I thought I knew everything about the show. And then Alex getting into this documentary about it, it starts out slow for like 20, 25 minutes. And then once we start into the making of the show and the auditions, all of a sudden it becomes like the, the most entertaining Doc and I was just really into it.


So I'm probably on the highest end it. I think Sean's lower. And Van, where are you? I thought it was fantastic. I think that I was able to like take a little bit of the early stuff a little bit more because you had warned me. Because if I'd have thought in any way that I was gonna sit down and no disrespect to the man and watch like an hour and a half on David Chase, I would've been like livid. Right? Yeah. But It's so imperative that the documentary does that because I was actually unaware of what a biography the Sopranos was for him. And it was, you needed that context.


But the minute that you see, and I don't, I just don't care. I love the show so much. The minute that you see 10 different guys reading for Chris and you see actors that you recognize other Italian American stereotypical actors, like every mob dude that had been in a movie Yeah. That you had seen past, present, or future trying to read for each one of these parts. And you can see Michael Imperioli there and why he nails it. And you can see the moment in David Chase's head that he goes, that's Chris. The entire thing was like a narcotic. Well how about they do Livia? The Tony's mom? Yeah. They show a bunch of people doing for, for Tony's part who Clearly didn't understand the character, right?


No. Like Nancy Marshawn clearly understood what they were going for and it just, you just see how the show could have gone wrong. And it, it almost gives you a little anxiety too. Like they could have made one wrong decision it seems like, and the Sopranos wouldn't have been the Sopranos. It's like the show gets you high That so that like 25 minute sequence alone Sean was why I would recommend this Doc for literally anybody who likes this show. I thought when they were showing the auditions, we've seen that stuff. Some of those additions for movies we like and TV shows are on YouTube. I've never seen a cut that way. Where it's like you're just watching all these people and then the person, it's like, oh, he's gonna get, it's Michael Imp Oli, he's gonna get it. But the way they cut it, it's like, oh, this is why he got it.


I understand there's pieces of Christopher just him in that room. I thought that was so fascinating. Have you ever seen anything pull that off quite like that? Not specifically in that way. I mean I think it's 'cause it was, they were willing to kind of like luxuriate in a lot of different parts of the development of the show that most documentaries don't. Usually when you see something like this, it's like 90 minutes and it's cut together pretty tightly and not everybody sits for it. And they just had an incredible treasure trove. I think in part because the show as the Doc, like really, really smartly positions is this is the show that changed tv. Like it's something that you hear people say, but you don't realize until you hear Chris Albrecht talking about where HBO was at the time.


Until you hear David Chase talking about how he feels completely unshackled from writing this show the way that he had to write all these network TV shows that he was writing beforehand. Yeah. So you get to see that like in the casting, they get to make different choices. Like the Nancy Marchand stuff is so cool because she has this consciousness of her persona as an actress where she's always playing this buttoned up woman. You know, she's always playing this kind of prim and proper woman and she's been being asked to cut loose and be basically the villain of this show and be this kind of like woman who never gets out of her nightgown, who's kind of raging against her son Nagging Italian. So, yeah. Yeah. So I mean all that stuff is great. I personally, my favorite stuff though was the stuff that you guys were a little bit bumped on at the beginning, the the chase stuff because Hmm.


It's just really unusual to watch somebody who has been so therapized like he's been in so much therapy, basically be forced almost against his will to recite his therapy to a camera and Alex Gibney. Yeah. Like I didn't think that the convention of being in the chair necessarily was perfect between him and Gibney. But the stuff that he had to say about how he put his life into that show and then also in the making of the show, how he forced his psychology onto his writing staff and onto his actors and this sense that this unease between him and Gandolfini, this unease between him and Robin Green, this unease between people not really knowing where he stood. Like him basically being Tony, the way that he led, the way that he was brilliant, the way that he was flawed, this mirror of his greatest creation and the way that he worked.


I thought it was so cool to see Some of the stuff I knew. I thought you put that, well, by the way, some of the stuff I knew like HBO trusting Chase's vision and ultimately hitting this point where they're like, fuck it to make, make the show you wanna make. We gotta trust this person. Which has been a hallmark of HBO's strategy really ever since. Where they're just like, here's one guy. There's no consensus. We're not, there's not six people giving notes. We're just gonna trust this person's vision. We believe in it. I thought that part was cool. I thought the episode five, which I knew a lot about already when they go to college and Tony's gonna kill somebody and witness protection and how horrified HBO was by that.


And they had the two executives, Chris Albrecht and Carolyn Strauss, basically like, you can't do this. Nobody was ever gonna like this person again. You can't have him commit a murder. And he is like, no, you don't understand. He has to commit a murder. This show's about a mob. He's gotta do this. He's a bad guy. And then they find this uneasy alliance of all right, well the bad guy has to, the guy that he is killing has to maybe yeah. Do something to make him a little more menacing then it's okay. But Carolyn Str said, when you hit that kind of impasse with a show creator, you kind of just have to go with it. Which I thought was a really cool point. 'cause I think a lot of networks would've fucked that part up and be like, no, no, he's not killing somebody if he doesn't kill that person, that episode, the rest of the show can't happen the same way.


And then the other, the other thing Van was Chase at some point could have probably ended the show quicker and made movies. And I thought the part two of the Doc was about, he kind of realized this was his, this was it, this was, this was the thing he was kind of put on earth to do and the seed of the end, and this was gonna be his legacy. And he just said, fuck it. I love this universe. I don't wanna leave it. And he kept going, but I, I couldn't believe that he had never thought about putting an end on it until Chris Albrecht, the, the executive was like, Hey, have you thought about how this is gonna wrap up? Was he just gonna keep going and going? I dunno.


Those are my biggest revelations. What'd you take from it Van? Well, number one, I just thought it was interesting when you put his career in context of like when the Sopranos comes out, right? Because you know, like that conceit where the, the, the cop walks into the, to the, to his, his his captain's office. And he goes, Hey, I can go get this guy, but you gotta let it God, let me do it my way. Yeah. And then they, and then they turn him loose and then he goes and he conquers like, that doesn't really happen in real life. Right. In real life you gotta work with a lot of different people. Yeah. But this guy was this guy telling his story his way and he was able to clear everybody out.


And he was not a televis a powerful television figure before that. He was kind of a guy that was on his last chance before he went and did something else. And he was able to tell his story in exactly his way. And it became this huge, huge deal. And he seemed Kind of prickly to work with too, which made it even harder. Totally. It did not seem like some of the stuff, bro. I some of the stuff where they showed them on set and he's talking to the actors, it did not seem like they were having very much fun when they were talking to David Chase. No, it, it, it didn't seem like that. But everything about the show that I didn't know because I started watching the Sopranos when I'm 19 and it seemed like automatically everything was perfect. When you saw James Alni as Tony Soprano.


You go, oh, okay. I've seen that guy a bunch of times. It's time for that guy to, to to yeah. To get his shot. You know what I mean? Like that guy's in True, real man. That guy's in Get shorty all it, it makes sense that somebody gave him something where he's the guy now the Mexican, Right. Right. Where all of this stuff had to happen for all of it to kind of work out in this really serendipitous way. It's just, it's not an accident. Like it's, it's timing but it's also a lot of hard work and a lot goes into it. And the show could have very easily been bad. I think the weight of the show and how that became evident to the cast after a while, everyone thought they were just doing another mob thing. Everyone thought that they were doing some sort of, they were buttoning up the great era of mob content that's really over now, right?


Yeah. Like almost an homage or one last gasp of it. But then the weight of the show became evident to them as they read more scripts, as they got deeper into their character, as they understood just how genius and brilliant the execution of the show was and what that meant to all of the actors and how that changed their lives. It's like very inspiring. The best documentaries to me are the ones that make me go, Hey, I wanna be like that guy. Or Hey, I never want to be like that guy. Right. That inspire some type of emotion out of you. And it really deepened my appreciation for the Sopranos and you know, I do a rewatch per year and now I'm gonna get started early.


Normally I start over the H holidays, but I'm gonna do it now. Yeah. That's how I felt as well. It deepened my appreciation for a show that I already really, really, really loved. There. There was stuff that I learned so many things that I didn't know, like little subtle stuff, like the cast reading the scripts, worried that, that this was the episode where they were gonna get knocked outta the show. Show you're gonna get killed. Yeah. And how they tried to lobby for him to basically not kill Big Pussy 'cause they liked the guy, ah, get him a season two. And even stuff like Chase that little, little tidbit about how HBO called it six A and six B instead of a seven season. 'cause they would've had to give everybody raises. It's like, shit, man, he's still pissed about this 18, 19 years later.


The Gandolfini stuff I thought was incredible. I, and I've always been fascinated by him. I've read it, I've read all the major soprano books and pieces and it just got, it seemed like it got really complicated the second half of the show with him as he was just putting too much of himself into the character and putting too much of the character into himself himself. And I thought what Vance said earlier about how Chase was, or Sean, you said it, chase was putting pieces of, he's basically like a little bit the mayor of Tony, but then Gandolfini was also the mayor of Tony. So you've three different people that are all kind of the same crazy volatile, up and down, fucked up person, and they're all steering the ship that has 250 people.


I, I didn't know a lot of that stuff. Did you know that stuff? Sean? NNN Not nearly as much. I think I always understood that there was this uneasy alliance, this tension between Gandalf Feeny and Chase's creation and Chase's point of view on the character. One, the image of him giving the eulogy at the funeral is devastating. Like that, that moment I thought that was, is so painful. Just incredible stuff that's so sad. Then there's one other really interesting Gandalf Feeny moment, which is that, you know, that moment when he, it's revealed that he has been holding out in contract negotiations, but when he comes back and he finally comes to a deal, he gives each of the cast members $30,000. But then they ask Edie Falco on camera and she's like, I didn't know that. Which means she didn't get $30,000 from James Gandini where I was like, Hmm.


Like Alini is a, was a complicated guy, you know? And he, he seemed to have complicated relationships. He, that's obviously one of the, not just like one of the signature TV performances, but like one of the signature character creations. Like you can put that with, you know, actors on stage, great cinematic performances, like Tony Soprano resonates so deeply in the consciousness of culture, but he and Chase as open as Chase is about so much in his life, you still don't totally get to the bottom of what it was between them. They, he doesn't totally put to words what their union was, what their, what their, where their dissenting moments were. Like the fact That, how torment it was. Yeah. It almost felt like, I felt like Chase was holding back in the interview, didn't you?


It did. Like there was some stuff he wanted to say that he was like, that guy's dead. Now I'm not gonna say this, but yeah, he seemed really conflicted about it. The eulogy had never been shown. Nobody, it's not on YouTube. Nobody had seen it. And it's so raw, so emotional. And you could see like, you know, I I also, I'd forgotten that they made the movie together in 2012. Mm. So it was this guy that he had this crazy complicated relationship with and yet he still couldn't quit him. And he, he decides to make a movie and it's like, you know, I need my movie James Gandolfini, the guy that I had this crazy thing fan said He's in that movie. And I love that movie. I have to say I've always loved since we were working together. When the movie came out, bill, I remember I wrote about the movie for Grantland because I was like, no one cares about this.


And I think this is such an interesting film, not Fade Away, it's called, and it's still like basically ignored even though it's him doing the other half of his interests. It's him doing 1960s American rock and roll culture plus like European filmmaking styles. Tho that, tho that stuff is all in the Sopranos, but it's all layered underneath Mob stuff that, that van was just describing this kind of end of an era mob stuff. Yeah. I, for me, movie Dork that I am, I love that he was always filtering that stuff into the Sopranos. The Sopranos is a weird show. It's a really unusually structured and told show, You know, Lorraine Brock's interview was really good too. I didn't, maybe I knew this and forgot that they wanted her for Carmelo and she wanted to zag 'cause she felt like she had already played that character and wanted to be melfi.


But she tells that whole story about the rape episode and how she stopped reading it and she's like, why would you do this? Why would you do this to my character? And he is like, just keep reading, keep reading. And that choice and that final word and everything, the way that constructed was constructed, I thought that her fork in the road moment is like, should she, that's probably a top three Sopranos episode, but it's also easily the most difficult one to watch. I didn't even like when they were showing the clips from it in the documentary. The other one that I thought was, it just shows how crazy Chase was, was he would get these people together, he would throw out their first five best ideas because he felt like the sixth idea was, they're like, what?


What is that formula take? Your first five ideas are gonna suck from six on. That's the one we'll go. They would write on a whiteboard all night. He would get up, add to it, and then wake up three hours later and just wipe off the whiteboard. It just sounded like, man, we've talked about this sometimes when now in the 2000 twenties, everybody's rightly so, trying to be a lot more functional in a work environment and you know, have a lot less stress and a lot less discord. And yet you see this show and it's like, this show was a fucking maniac show to work on and it led the true greatness. Right? Yeah. And then you think, like, was that one of the reasons it was truly great? I mean we're, I mean, we're gonna probably gonna get watered down art because we're, I mean, just the reality of it, you know, we, we are gonna elevate citizenry and citizenship and people and to get, but we're gonna get watered down art because there's, there's a certain madness that goes along with it.


And I, there was one part on the first part of the documentary where you can track the show literally physically with the change in James gni. Right? He like becomes this brute when the, when the show first starts, He's Dashing almost like for to the, to the degree that he could be. But as the show moves on, his fingers get fatter, he gets balder, he becomes Tony Soprano. The volume of his breathing goes up throughout the season. Yes. I always know that. Yeah. It's Almost like the Shining with Jack Torrance, like by the end of it, he's just a, in a fucking bath throw a on a shell of himself.


The strangling people, right? Yeah. And like there's a, a clip from inside the actor studio where Lipton's talking to him and he starts to answer the question and the crowd starts to laugh. They think he's doing Tony Soprano, but he's not. He's just talking like there's a point where, and and that's another source of the friction. That's a point where he completely rests the character away from what it was before and it starts to become more in line with like who and what he is. And I really feel like that happened to everybody else as much. I feel like for, for everyone else around it, they were sort of in his orbit and they were circling around the, the weight of what he was doing.


But like, he got a, it got a lot darker. The, I can't even remember the episode. I can't point to the episode where Tony becomes an a complete total asshole where he completely breaks bad because I keep reaching for Tony Soprano throughout the entire season. Mm. I'm looking for the shred of goodness in him no matter what. I know what he is been through. I know he has mental health issues. I know he had a fucked up relationship with his father, with his mother, his sisters out there. So no matter how bad he gets, I keep searching for the good in him. Like till the very end.


Like I believe like Tony is outwardly racist. You guys know how I am about this. And it's one of the funniest scenes in the history of the show. The guy is standing there looking at Tony and Tony is being outwardly Oh, Meadow's boyfriend. Yeah. Meadow's boyfriend. Right. He's being outwardly racist towards him and I kind of give him a pass. I understand him a little bit. I mean I, I I I don't, I'm like, Tony's a racist, but like I I'm kind of like it's Tony Soprano because there are other situations where you see him getting along with it's complicated. He's complicated and more than any other character I buy into his complication.


And bro, we don't do complicated well anymore. Yeah, we do. That's either you're a good, we you're a good person or you're a bad person. You're, you're trash or you're cool, you're canceled or you're active. The complicated characters, we don't do 'em anymore. And the complicated people, we don't really do well anymore. They Show us the Gloria Trello stuff too in the documentary. And that's, that part of that show is as far to the edge I think as I've gone with Tony where yeah, you know, he's so violent and so hateful towards her. But also the show is sort of like, this woman is also crazy. Yeah. This woman is also unwell and so the, like the show Is kind of Yeah. They're just bad for each other. Yeah.


And they're, they're so destructive and he keeps, but he keeps finding himself in all these destructive situations. So it is him really. He's kind of seeking it out. Yeah, exactly. He he's searching for his mother, like he's mother you. But you get it though. It's like they've, they've done enough of the groundwork for you to, to like under, it's like a reverse Luke arc. Like Luke comes from being a guy. I don't know anything. By the time Jedi comes around, Luke can do everything. Tony actually starts out kind of benevolent and ends up Darth Vader. But you, but you, you, you understand. But he was always Darth Vader. I think as part of the point of the show, we just, yeah, it kind of roped, dopes us with the first few episodes.


It was always in there. See, see but see it was always in there. But I, I'm not sure if he was always Darth Vader. I think he had to, I think he had to make a choice as more was hoist upon him. 'cause think about it, tremendous loss. You know, Jackie dies, there's all of this, there's a power struggle. He had to kind of choose, well, His family tried to, tried to put a hit on him. I think that was probably the breaking bad moment, right? Right. And so I think he has to, I think he, he gets a, he has almost a second adolescence I'd say during the show as he grows from Mafia kid capo to boss.


And by the time he becomes Thanos, he, you know, doesn't feel like there's anyone who can touch him or hurt him. You know, the reason I was always like, I'll always defend Tony. Not that I need, they need my defense. But every, every decision he made on that show, and I think this was one of the things that comes across in the documentary that Chase was passionate about and Gaal Finger was passionate about. The decision was always authentic to Tony, the character and what he would do. And I remember like even Sex and The City, which is a show with way lower stakes had that season when, when Carrie Bradshaw starts having an affair with Mr. Big when he's married and gets caught and Mr. Big's wife falls and breaks her tooth.


And it was just, you just kind of never looked at her the same because it was like, I Listen at you, I thought you were Bill bad. I don't know, I thought you were bitch. Well I thought you were a different character than this Kenny Bradshaw. I, you Bill, I believed in Like, what? You like the blonde bill? you can here what? Like, Like isn't that you Okay. I thought I didn't realize, Here's the thing. From an authenticity standpoint, Manolo Village That good? I thought they did it because it was a, but I thought, I thought they did it because it was a good arc for the season and not because it was authentic to that character. I didn't think she would do that. And I think with Tony the entire time in the Sopranos all the decisions that he made, I was like, yeah, he would do that.


Yeah, I get that. And that Breaking Bad was the same way. Like you understood the methodology behind their decisions. And if you can nail that all the way through a series, that's I think the hardest thing to do. This is why Breaking Bad did it Mad Men When Mad Men started to get a little rocky there in the last part of the show is 'cause we were like, I, I don't, I don't understand what Don Draper's doing here. Like he's kind of over the map. He's doing this now, he's doing this. And I always felt like that Tony was authentic. Can we talk about the season final stuff? I mean the, the last episode because Can I say one thing that still gives me about Tony though? Just one thing. Yeah, go Ahead. Killing Chris. I guess I get it, but I was still aghast and every time I watch it I still am like that was a hell of a decision right there.


Like I, I don't know if I sometimes totally by that he would've made just the snap decision to kill Chris like that. I don think it was a snap decision though. Yeah. I think, I think it was building up to that for 20 episodes and he was like, this guy's a bad apple. He's gonna continue to haunt my life and I have a chance to just eradicate this now. I think it's consistent Because could be near him. Yeah. It's consistent with what happens in mob cultured as well. Like I don't think that that's such a leap. I think the other thing too is Chase was always very direct, even in interviews at the time that he was like, Tony Soprano is evil. He kills people for money. Like, you do not lose sight of the fact that that even though you love him and even though Gandini is a com you know, such a compelling and in many ways lovable character, he's evil.


This is, this is the, this is the absolute darkest layer of society that we are portraying in this movie. It doesn't mean you can't have empathy for the experiences that he's had as a person, but don't lose sight of the fact that he will kill his own family to protect himself. So I don't, you know, I I never really bumped on any of that stuff in the show when I was watching it. 'cause I was like, he's, he's, he's a figure of Satan really in a lot of ways. Well the, the one line he wouldn't cross was he has that one moment, I think the show's called Night Cat when they had that great argument with Carmela and he puts his hand up like he's gonna hit her and then he ends up just punching the wall over and over again, which does show the documentary. It's like the one line he won't cross.


He even hits AJ at one point. I guess he would never hit Meadow, but that's, you know. Yeah. But he'll, he'll basically he's gonna on the bingo card of bad TV people. He's gonna do all of the bad things. But that seemed to be the one line they would never cross on the show. The season finale, which came out 17 years ago. And now I really like, and it really made me mad when it happened. I thought they did a nice job of framing some of the decisions, some of the behind the scenes stuff of how some of the cinema they did. But I thought I, when he was basically saying like, this is, this is art.


You want people to keep talking about art after it's over. Every TV show just ends in 20 seconds, 20 minutes later you move on to something else. And David didn't wanna do that. And I was like, holy shit. What a Great way to put it. Because we're still talking about it 17 years later. I got an argument with Sal about it six months ago. 'cause Sal's still mad 17 years later. But has that moved up the rankings for you Sean that last episode? I, I, I liked it at the time, even if I didn't totally understand what he was doing. I find it is, the documentary does a really good job, I think of effectively like recreating those final seven or eight minutes of that episode, which are so compelling and the way that it's cut and you're sort of like always looking around the corner of the frame to try to figure out what's going to happen next.


You know, the way it lingers on the guy who goes into the bathroom, you know, the way that the door is always opening into the diner. The tension in that, in that framing is just a Great filmmaking, right? So set aside the fact that we don't actually quote unquote find out what happens to Tony or his family. It's so, so, so well done. And then I think the way you framed a bill is exactly right, which is like, it's still interesting to pick apart and to think about and to try to better understand. And I think that the show is so emblematic of the shift in television to a kind of ambiguity and a moral gray that we weren't ready to accept something that didn't say either this guy died or the show got canceled and we'll never know what's gonna happen to them.


This was something effectively totally new and the show was often compared to great novels and that was like the ending of a Great novel, that there was a kind of like interpretive quality to it that holds up to this day. So I I really, really like it. I'm very pro the Mad Men finale personally I did it on what with Greenwald on Stick The Landing. I still think that's right up there in the conversation to your point. But the Sopranos ending I think still works brilliantly. I think at the time I was, I felt manipulated 'cause I felt like the, the tension that Sean's describing in the last couple of scenes that I deserved a payoff that after making me, you know, Meadows trying to park a car and all of this stuff is happening, I'm like, my God, my heart is racing, like something's going on.


Then it just goes off. I'm like, ah, man, you're fucking with me. And that's something that the show would never do. The show didn't use to do that. It didn't use to fuck with you in that way. And also I think that the DNA of the show being so grounded in, you know, mob culture and depictions of that, you always get a resolution when you're watching something in the mafia. Somebody goes to jail, somebody gets killed Or somebody, or somebody rats out everybody else and goes into witness Somebody rats out everyone else. Sophia Oppel is character is mercifully killed. And like, and so you always get it. But here you didn't get that. You didn't get an out, you didn't get like a a, you didn't get A-A-A-A-A-A morality lesson.


Like in funny games when, you know, he goes, Hey, the minute that like the guy picks up the, the remote and rewinds the TV that you guys should have cut the movie off because you know that there's no way that these people can survive now. Yeah. And you're just watching to see how they die. And I'm like, don't indict me. You made the movie. Yeah. Like, you, you, you, you know what I mean? And so with the Sopranos, you are looking for some kind of resolution that's gonna make you either feel better about the world that you just devoted six years to, or eight years to or worse about it. And you don't get it. You get what you get in life, which is there it is. Like You don't, everyone dies and nothing is clear.


Like That's and Right. That's it. Like you Yeah. Like, it, it, it's you, you get that. I mean, it just, it's how it happens and, and they don't bail you out. And so you, you have to make a decision for yourself why the Sopranos was so good to you. Like why you res, why Tony resonated so much with you, why you wanted to see the villain win, why you cared so much about its family. They don't give it to you. They don't give you the big bad wolf. Like they don't give it to you. And like at first, as a younger man, I needed it now I really appreciate that they didn't do it because that's not the way the world works. I've also rewatched this show, I think I've done three or four Rees at this point that I really appreciate now how many things they threw into that final episode that were either callbacks the stuff from earlier or full circle stuff.


And they did a good job in the documentary pointing out, like he says in epi in season one, he has the toast to the family and the, when the, the Powers outer art's restaurant. And he says like, Hey, it's about, it's the little things. It's these that's, these are the good moments right here. And then in the last episode, AJ brings that up and he's like, didn't you tell say once it's all about the little moments, the good moments. Those are, that's what, and Tony's like, oh, did I say that? I don't even remember. And he realize like, oh, this guy's been full shit the whole time. That was great episode. Has I had you put that together before? I hadn't put that together. I I did the like the fourth rewatch I finally realized.


But it, it's, I mean, to expect somebody to get that in the final episode in 2007 when the show's been hot for eight years, like no, nobody's gonna get that. Yeah. It was really cool. But I thought that was pretty neat. And the, the other thing I never noticed, but he pointed it out, was how Tony kept entering his own POV and how they filmed it that way. Where he kept going in and how like the, the stuff that Chase had seen over the years that kind of shaped that thought. That was pretty cool. It was nerdy filmmaking. But anyway, I thought it was worth thought. It was worth watching. I wish they had interviewed more people. I wish it had been three parts, not two. But for the Sopranos drink is Dan, I I'm feeling another rewatch coming on.


I I haven't done it since summer of 2022. Yeah. I I don't do a full, I i I rewatch in some capacity every year. Sometimes I don't do like a full rewatch, but I, I get to a point to where there's the really, the reason why I rewatch it all the time and the wire too is 'cause there's so much content that it makes me actually less You picks up some stuff. Yeah, Yeah. Like the Oh, new content that's Yeah. You No, no, no, no. So I'm saying is there's so much content when I put on HBO Max right. I get paralyzed by all of the choices and I go, I'm just gonna watch The Wire season three. Like, you know, my wife put it, she said this before, it's not a new point, but when we were watching the documentary last night, because I made her watch it with me and she was like, you know, really miss these people.


We haven't done a rewatch in a couple years. Like, I feel like all these people are my friends. And she said that there's certain TV shows like that where you're like, I'm getting together with my friends again. Christopher's back in my life. And I thought it was a good way to put it. And I thought that was one of the reasons the Sex and the city crushed on Netflix because people are like, oh yeah, I missed these four. Let's, I'll run these back. I think that's a hard place for a TV show to get to. What's weird is the Sopranos one of the most violent, you know, show about an evil character. You wouldn't think those were friends. Same thing for The Wire. It's like this is a world you wouldn't think you'd be like, oh these are all my friends. But that's kind of how I feel about the Wire too. Anyway. All right Sean, we're letting you go.


You have stuff to do. Van, you're sticking around. We got one more segment. Thanks Bill Gomez. Thanks Sean.


This episode is brought to you by the 2025 Lincoln Aviator. SUV. Hmm. The 2025 Lincoln Aviator nails that feeling In next level confidence, the updated grill and sleek lights total head turners under the hood of refined twin Turbo V six powers you through with authority inside Pure Comfort plus three row seating, custom climate control available massage seats keep you ready to tackle whatever's next. Explore more@lincoln.com. Some models, trims and features may not be available or may be subject to change. Check with your local retailer. For current information. Lincoln and Aviator are trademarks of Ford or its affiliates.


This episode is brought to you by the 2025 Lincoln Aviator SUV nice car. The 2025 Lincoln Aviator exudes confidence with its updated grill headlamps and daytime running lights. Powered by a twin Turbocharged V six engine. It moves with commanding presence, a luxurious three row interior available massage seats, all that ensures your revitalized for whatever comes next. Explore more@lincoln.com. Some models, trims and features may not be available or may be subject to change. Check with your local retailer for current information. Lincoln, an aviator or trademarks of Ford or its affiliates.


All right, since we have van on the pod, we gotta rip through a couple topics. Dion, Colorado. Go. Getting as bad as it could possibly get right now. You predicted this this summer. Yeah, it just didn't seem like a lot of the issues that were present on the team from last year had actually been fixed. And you are looking at the same stuff. You're looking at offensive line problems, you are looking at defensive line problems, you're looking at the inability to cover the team was of course very top heavy. I'm not saying anything that anybody hasn't said and even some of the guys that broke out in the first game of the season, like, you know, Jimmy Horne did not do really that much against Nebraska. It seems like in in a situation with him, he really shows out against lesser competition against competition where guys can cover and maybe the scheme is better.


He has some problems. But more so to the point now when you look at Colorado, I'm starting to see stuff that maybe I didn't see as much last season. Like on the field, like Travis Hunter in that game against Nebraska where they were thoroughly dominated, seemed like he was fed up. Hmm. Like he wasn't actually believing. 'cause one thing I will say is for all the struggles that they had last year, you saw some cracks and stuff like that in terms of the coaching staff and stuff. But the team seemed like they had a Great bond between them. It seemed like they were, they were okay with one another. There was always some different dust ups and you heard stuff coming up, but it wasn't till the summer that you got this all this information about just how fractured the locker room could be or might be.


Yeah. And so now you have to wonder what's gonna happen with the Colorado experiment. And you have to wonder like where it's going. Why do People care so much? Because it's interesting If you have to, interesting. if you have to condense it down in one sentence, why do people care about this team that's basically a below 500 college football team? Because we love Deion Sanders. There are a couple of people in every sporting generation that rise to the level of mythic figure. and Deion Sanders is one of those people. Deion Sanders is a guy that like, you know, locked down one half of the whole field becomes a huge pop culture star primetime.


He's great at baseball, he's great at football, he's a generational athlete. But he's not just a generational athlete, he's a generational talker. He's a generational cultural figure. He's a generational style figure. He just means something to someone. And then to see Dionne Sanders's maturation when he's finished with his playing career and he becomes a leader and a man of God and a family man and a father. You just believe that Dionne will win at whatever Dionne decides to do. And he will win. Dion Sanders will win. What will happen is this Colorado, I'm Travis Hunter will get drafted high Shadu will get drafted high. Deon Sanders will walk away with Colorado from Colorado, tens of millions of, of dollars richer than what he was when he got there.


And his son will go to the NFL and his adoptive son will go to the NFL Deion Sanders will win. The question is whether or not Colorado will win, whether or not they will be markedly better off after Deion Sanders leaves, besides the financial I'm talking about on the football field. And I don't think that they'll be, I liked it last year, we talked about it a year ago. 'cause I just hate the college sports infrastructure. I was so excited somebody was coming in and was just like, fuck this and just blowing it up and zagging in the hardest possible way. And I was like, I hope this works. And now a year later it feels like we're headed toward what you just laid out.


He's gonna get a couple kids drafted, he's gonna leave. I don't know what's next for him. Like what, what's next for him? I mean, it depends if, if he wanted to continue to be a college coach, remember he had great success at Jackson State for what they were doing at Jackson State. Right. He won the swipe twice. Right. So it's not like he hasn't ever been successful as a college coach. If he wants to continue to be a college coach and broken record, everybody is saying this, it would take the demonstration of building a program that maintains a competitive and structural consistency that people can believe in.


Deon Sanders and Matt Rule came in at the same time. He beat Matt Rule last year. He beat Matt Rule last, last year because Matt Rule was the coach of Nebraska. He beat Matt Rule last year because Nebraska turned the ball over a lot. Yeah. But also there was a little fool's gold in there. Yeah. Right. But now when you look at the team, one team was essentially 28 points better. The game was 28 10, but it wasn't that close. One team was way better in the trenches at doing the little things, made less mistakes. The entire nine So, it seems that one way is winning over the other way. So Dionne Sanders would have to prove that he could really do this at this level. And he just hasn't proven that yet. It, he, he, he's proven that he can be noticed, that he can be disruptive, that he can garner headlines, that he can win in spots or have success in spots, but he has yet to prove that he can win consistently at that level.


And it's just a fact. Yeah. You're basically running your own little mini corporation. Yeah. I mean, A little harder than the reality is where he was at the first job, There are all kinds of guys, right? Like for example, Marcus Freeman right now at at at Notre Dame, great young coach, great young coach Notre Dame ends up losing a weird game every single year that they shouldn't lose. Yeah. They just lost Northern Illinois. They lose to Marshall, they lose to a three and nine Stanford team. And you wonder what is it about this guy's process? Brian Kelly at my school at LSU, my beloved LSU Tigers, we come out stagnant and flat at the beginning of the season every single year.


Yeah. We lose big games when the lights are on us. And you wonder, not that Brian Kelly can't be a successful coach, he's one of the most successful coaches of his, of, of, of his generation. But what is it about these guys' process and preparation to where they lose in situations like this? Or they can't get over the hump in situations like this and Deion Sanders doesn't have nearly the accolades or the winning percentage of those other two guys. But if we're asking those questions about those guys, we're certainly gonna ask those questions about him. Well, a year ago you came on and we were talking about if this Colorado thing keeps going the way it's going, what's next for Dion? What would be a, I think you did a top five programs you'd want him to take over.


Now it feels like the ceiling of that is lowered. Right? You'd have to be a, you'd have to be mor Yeah. You'd have to be a moron to it. It what it looked like at the time was this, what it looked like at the time was that Dionne Sanders was, had the ability to catch lightning in the bottle and make everybody wanna come to where he was and participate in this. Right. And that he was gonna attract the best athletes. He had Travis Hunter, right? Yeah. He was able to get Travis Hunter to not go to Florida State. Right. And come to Jackson State. Right. So you felt like his ability to do that was gonna turn a situation to where he didn't have as many resources as some of these other programs and make Colorado automatically competitive, which it looked like.


Right. TCU Nebraska, it looked like he could do more with less. Now it's starting to look like that he can do less with more because the school has been financially successful. Right. The they're, they're getting all eyes on them every single time the lights are on Colorado. The attention is there. Yeah. But the team can't function So. it doesn't look like resources are an indicator of how good of a coach or how good of a job he's going to do. So if you ended up at Florida State, or if you ended up, you know, at a Notre Dame or any of the places where these coaches are, quote unquote on the hot seat, which I don't think Norvell or Freeman is actually on the hot seat, but if you ended up at any of those places, it doesn't look like he has the, the institutional consistency to run them.


Well, I'm not saying that that's true. It's year two for Dion. But I'm saying the team, it's not just that the team is losing, it's how they lose. They lose not, they lose at the fundamentals of football. Yeah. You lose at the things you have to do. Right. Yeah. So it's, it's really right now, outside of a, a opening game loss, the loss that they had to, to Nebraska, I mean, bill, that's as bad as it can go. And if you're, and for all the people out there that, 'cause there's a part of this that's, you know, you shouldn't say this 'cause there's a cultural loyalty to Dion. I love Dionne. I love what he's been able to do, love him as all of that. But like, if you're looking at the results on the field, he hasn't proven that he's a Great coach at this level.


It's just a fact. And it might be a level below. We'll see. What's your biggest college football story right now? Thing you care about the most? Nine LSUU Besides LSUA couple of things. Number one, I care about the relative lack of strength that we're seeing in the SEC Hmm. The parody of college football is really interesting. We've had a couple of years now where I think things are changing a little bit and you know, the So like top 25 parody or like top seven parody? No, I mean, when you look at the game now, I think NIL and the transfer portal have leveled the playing field to a degree to where Yeah.


I, I don't see the monsters just beating people's heads in last week. Something of an anomaly. But you saw northern Illinois beat Notre Dame. You saw Boise State in Auden, Auden, one of the toughest venues to play in all of sports. You see Oregon need a late field goal to beat them, right? Yeah. You see Cal beat beat Auburn. Normally when you match up an Auburn team with a team from up there, you know, cow Yeah. Kids, they're too busy protesting to care about football. So normally when you, when you, when you match them up, you see them get just dominated. It's just not the same anymore. And I, I think it's interesting to see where college football is going with the transfer portal with NIL and with a lot of the athletes that are coming out of the south decided that they're going different places.


You might see a change in, of the guard in terms of the power structure of the entire thing. Well I'm sure it's much harder to have continuity these days. And then also a coach, like what's happening in Boston College right now, everyone in Boston's all excited 'cause Bill O'Brien came in, turned it around everybody and it just feels like overnight you could have a contender. All right, next topic. Tyreek Hill. How big of a story is this gonna get over the course of the week? We're taping this on a Tuesday morning Pacific time? I don't think it's gonna be that big of a deal. Okay. I think that, just to be honest with you, I think that we've made our decision about this, about this issue.


So I'm, what happened to Tyreek? Hill is a shame. And you can look at the video and you can see the cops overreacting to what happened, to say the least. To say the least. Right. you can see that happening. Right. I think that there was a legitimate time in NFL sports culture where there was an opportunity to leverage the power of the American athlete in order to really address some of the issues that they face as being black men in society. And I, I think that with Colin Kaepernick and just the entire so interesting that that happened around the same time that the Super Bowl stuff was getting involved.


I think that around that entire time, you guys can say, people can say whatever they want about Colin Kaepernick and what they think about him as a man or what they would've done or whatever. The important thing was that the conversation was being had about who these guys are and what these guys are when they're not in jerseys. The conversation was being had and it was important a conversation to have. And to be honest with you, when the NFL made the deal that they made with Rock Nation people turned the page on it. Like that was a singular thing that happened. People turned the page on it. People said, okay, well now Roc Nation's involved with the NFL. There's no way that Jay-Z and Roc Nation would do anything that would be involved in anything that is less than nutritious for, for, for black people or for this cause.


So, you know, however, way, whatever way you have to say, Kaepernick wants to still be in the league, So it must be okay, Jay-Z's here now with Rock Nation So. it must be, okay. So Tyreek Hill saying, now I saw him on CNN saying that, you know, I want to make a change. I wanna do this. I wanna figure out a way we done done everything that we can do. We've protested, we've done all of this stuff and none of it has worked well, we haven't seen any of it through because we've chosen as a society, in my opinion, our entertainment over our humanity and dignity. We chose football. And it's, when I say we, I'm talking about Van Lathan Jr.


The the average person. We chose football, we chose entertainment, we chose tradition. We chose the game that our fathers and mothers gave us over dignity and over humanity and over what it would mean to envision a society where Tyreek Hill would not have been treated like that. Right. And this is for everyone I saw, I've seen videos of, of, when we talk about policing culture, we often racialize it and make it about the way black Americans are treated by the police. But when we're talking about policing and getting to the center of what we expect from people who are supposed to serve and protect the, the, the poor white boy from Denim Springs, I'm talking about all types of different people who run up against cops who feel entitled and who use their authority to cross lines.


And I'm not gonna be hyper verbose, I'll stop here. But what I'll say is like, we'll, forget about this. Tyreek, Hill will catch touchdowns. Like, we'll move on. We've already made our decision. And our decision was that we loved, we loved football more than we loved a fight for dignity or humanity. It felt Like this, there was a similar thing from late 2000 tens all the way to maybe 2014 Ray race range when it felt like every year the NFL had some sort of issue or controversy that made all of us go kind of sucks to roofer this league. Right? And I ended up getting in trouble at spin with one of the things, but the concussions especially, it felt like it was gonna be such a big part about how we talked about football going forward.


And were we signing up to watch these people get, basically get their brain mushed. They had to figure this out. They figured it out to some degree. It's still a really violent game, right? And at some point, I think all of us had to look in the mirror who loved football. And it's like my signing up for this or am I not signing up for this? Right. I know, I know. They made it safer. I know they put some effort into it. It's still not that safe. I went through it when my son was playing football there for a couple years. It's like, am I complicit that I like this? And I mean, it feels like in 2024 post covid people are like, you know what? I love football. I miss football, and there's this other stuff that comes with it. And that's just what's gonna happen.


Couldn't be more. Right. And, and by the way, we can sit here and talk about football. We make the decision every single day. You make the decision. When you pick up your iPhone, you make the decision when you go out, when you eat food, you make the decision every single day you make the decision. You choose a little bit over what's convenient and what you like and what makes you feel good. You're not here for that long. You'll be dead way longer than you will be alive. And you make the decision every single day. The only thing that I ask from people or I ask for myself is just to understand that that decision was made to understand that Tyreek Hill was pulled over and treated that way by the police.


And you care about that because he's gonna go out and catch touchdowns for the dolphins. Right? But there are gonna be other people that look all kinds of different ways, but particularly black people that is gonna gonna be in that same situation and you won't even have the opportunity to care until it's on video in front of your face. And then you have to decide what kind of America that you wanna live in. So, you know, it's, it's like, it's, it's nothing that, like when I saw it, I'm like, oh, well, you know, that's obviously a problem that's still exists. It's obviously something that's still going to happen even in the NFL structurally. The NFL is a racist league, structurally. It is. And what, the only reason why I say that, I'm not even talking about Colin Kaepernick and how he was blackballing, how his career was taken away.


The NFL had a different set of parameters that it used to judge black players cognitively. When it came down, we, we, we, these guys were awarded money like structurally that is a racist conceit. Well They, they had to create a rule to have people interview coaching candidates that weren't white. Right? And so at the same time, once again, like we talked about before, it's complicated. So much of the workforce is black. It's, it's enriched so many young black men, so many people are indifferent. It's not an easy answer. It takes nuance to have the conversation, but more than that, it takes bravery.


And I think we lost our bravery when the kneeling and the movement there dissipated. We, we, we chickened out, but we got our football back. And I'm, and once again, I'm not letting myself off the hook here. Not in any way, shape, or form. I can't understand why. But during the pandemic, when I saw bubble basketball and I saw sports with, even with no people in the crowd, it made me feel like the world was gonna be okay. It literally did. It made me feel like, oh my God, okay, how could the world end if they playing, they're Structured in Orlando again. I have, I have basketball games to watch. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And it just completely, I like, by the time I realized that the moment had passed, I had pulled my Saints gear back out.


Any thoughts on the Super Bowl halftime show before we go? Oh my God, man, the, the, the thoughts that I thought was congratulations to Kendrick. Well boy, boy, boy, we know how to spend some mess. We re-litigating Lil Wayne's whole career. We re-litigating Kendrick's career. It was Kendrick against Wayne. It was you, it actually, it wasn't Kendrick against Wayne. Those guys are fine, we know that. But it was like Rock Nation against Young Money. All of this that goes back to one video that started this entire culture of rap beef from my 20 years ago. This whole thing is, it has to do with that.


It's just so funny to me, man. They picked Kendrick and it's like, of course they picked Kendrick other than Taylor Swift. He's the single hottest musical star we have right now. He's having a moment. I I agree. It totally makes sense that he would play there. Like I went there and I think 2013 Beyonce played, I was there when the Pats won their first Super Bowl in 2001. U2 played. I mean, for the most part they just pick an artist that makes sense for the city, I guess when, when it was in LA and they did the whole homage to La hip hop. I think that might have made, maybe made people think that was a new model going forward. But to me, like having Kendrick played the Super Bowl, it made total sense. But what Do I know? Lemme ask you a question. I'm gonna make you the head of the NFL right now.


Yeah. Would you allow Kendrick Lamar to play not like us in its entirety or the more controversial parts of the song at the Super Bowl where he's calling Drake the P word and all of that stuff. Is that a Super Bowl appropriate song? He's gotta do it in some way. Would you, would you come and say, okay, you can't call him this, you can't say this because there's gonna be a lot of Americans, a lot of people know about this, but it's gonna be a lot of Americans watching the Super Bowl like knee deep in some nachos going, Drake likes young girls. What is this? I didn't hear about it. You know what I'm saying? I think what happens, 'cause if you, if you follow the Super Bowl halftime show, it's usually a montage, right?


He's gonna play like nine songs. Yeah. So he'll play like 90 to 120 seconds and not let us, but then it'll move into some other things. So I think it'll organically solve itself. Right? I think if, if he put the Drake parts into the halftime show, that's about as aggressive of an act as, as you can do with the halftime show. I, I don't, and by the way, is Roger Goodell really gonna have an opinion on this? Like, have you seen the people around him? He's gonna like, yeah, we better talk to Kendrick about not like us. I'm pretty sure he doesn't probably know the inner workings of what's going on in that, in that feud. Yeah. What's crazy to me though is that it felt like this, this feud which dominated 2024, it felt like it was on its last legs.


And now we're going, it's not even mid-September yet. And we're just gonna talking about Super Bowl halftime now coming up, and this is gonna get probably more buzz for a Super Bowl halftime show than anything I can remember normally for a couple years, nobody even wanted to play the Super Bowl halftime show because they didn't pay you anything. It was like more expensive for the artists for themselves to do it than what they got paid. And now it feels like it's back in the biggest possible way. I don't ever remember discourse like this about the halftime act. It's funny, Drake said something. Drake said, he made a vague reference to like round two as if he was gonna kick it back off again.


This is a couple of weeks ago. Yeah. And everybody was like, ah, come on man, let it go. We don't need a round two. You lost pretty decisively. And he did lose pretty decisively guys. It's okay. He lost. People lose. Jordan missed shots. Your favorite people, he lost decisive over whacked not like us. Maybe the biggest dis record in the history of hip hop. Definitely top five anyway. And so after he says that Kendrick Lamar ends up doing the fucking Super Bowl, right, it is one thing to have your disc track ringing off in the clubs. It's one thing to have your disc track as people's ringtones back in the day, but to do the disc record at the Super Bowl in front of the entire World, the biggest audience you could possibly have, Nuts, flawless victory is over.


Pack it up, everybody come back in 2025 with your best albums and let's see what happens. You can hear Van Lathan on the Higher Learning podcast with our friend Rachel Lindsay. you can hear him on The Ringer verse as well. And you can hear him every once in a while in the re watchable. We're due for another one at some point soon. Good to see you Van. Alright Brother. Good to see you too. Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Sean Fantasy and Van Lathan. Thanks to Steve Siri and Kyle Creighton for producing as well. Don't forget you can watch clips from this episode on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel and I will see you on this feed on Thursday.


Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem, call 100 gambler or visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or Text HOPE NY in New York.