
Hey, we did a podcast five years ago called Break Stuff about the 25th anniversary of Woodstock 99. It was awesome. Eight episodes hosted by Steve Hyden. We turned it into a documentary eventually for the Music Box series on HBO. And now that podcast is available wide. Go search for it on Spotify or wherever. Get your podcasts. It's called Break Stuff. Check that it's great.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA. Michelob. ULTRA good for many things. Camping barbecues cheering on your favorite team. Hanging out on a nice summer night, which I just did actually on Friday night. Just sitting outside just having a beer And. guess what? Michelob. ULTRA because they sent me a bunch of Michelob ULTRA and it's really good And. there were only a couple left and I was mad 'cause every time we put it in the fridge, somebody drinks it, but it was delicious. Be sure to stock up for the summer. Enjoy Michelob. ULTRA Superior Light Beer. Order a pack of Michelob ULTRA today. Have it delivered through doordash.com. LDA 21 and up.


This episode is brought to you by our good friends at NFL Sunday Ticket on YouTube tv. I'm sure by now you've all gotten back into your Sunday routines, but they could be even better with NFL Sunday Ticket and YouTube tv, you get the most live NFL games all in one place, every game, every Sunday. And you can even watch up to four different games at once. With multiview, one of my favorite inventions of this decade. It's exactly what you need to catch all the action. Make your Sundays more magical. And also YouTube TV is great. I got it this year. It's awesome. Sign up now at youtube.com/bs Device and content restrictions. Apply local and national games on YouTube tv. NFL Sunday ticket for out of market games. Excludes digital only games.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer. Podcast Network where we can find against all adss with Cousin Sal.


Were presented by FanDuel Sportsbook as well, which is giving all customers two profit boosts on NFL Futures Starting Friday, eight 30 through next week. They let Sal and I do a bunch of our custom parlay bets. you can find that it's a link called Futures Fusion. Mm. And then our names are there. Yeah, it's your dream. If I had told you 20 years ago, we'll just be making bets for somebody when we were sitting in like Jimmy's office. So we're kind of doing that anyway. I like not pets. Yeah. For nobody. It's pretty great. Yeah. if you would've said, you know, we're gonna be a futures fusion one day. I mean, what the hell is that? Is that, did we die? New Asian place down the block? I don't know. Futures fusion. Very exciting. I love their chicken. Anyway, check out the Futures Fusion tab plus betters can build fun player props combos using the Parlay builder. My favorite picks will be highlighted on FanDuel and on my social feed. Sal will be doing a bunch of that as well. And you can boost these picks with the prop boost or boost your own.


you can watch this podcast on Bill Simmons channel on YouTube. And we did a FC on Tuesday. I almost picked two teams to make the Super Bowl from the A FC. I backed out at the last minute. I took Houston over KC Sal had Buffalo. We disagreed on almost everything. We'll see what happens with the NFC that's coming up next. The annual over under podcast. First, our friends from Pro All Sal, here we go.


You've been dreading this All summer. The NFC East for the annual podcast. I'm gonna start with Philadelphia. This is the most defensive. I was thinking about it. This might be the most, I'm rooting for the Cowboys since the romo years. I'm so defensive about this Cowboys team and the the love for the Eagles and all right, we can get to it. I just don't let it, let's, let's start with Dallas then. Even though they have the second best odds, because that's stupid. So many people were betting their under during the summer that it went from 10 and a half to nine and a half. They made history. I can only remember like three times in the last 20 years, the over under fur team, they actually had to move it. They never wanna move it.


They always wanna keep masses or asses. Is Thomas Jefferson or someone important like that once said, did he say that about sports? Bet I don't, I don't remember him being a big gambler over now. Nine and a half wins, which has some juice on it. Minus 1 44 for the division there. Plus 1 75 conference. Eight to one playoffs, 1 96 to make it minus plus 1 58. Not to make it number one seed plus 800. you can go for the year from hell for the Cowboys under seven half wins. Alt adjusted plus three 20 last year. Why would you do that? Why would you do that? Last year they were 12 and five. Yeah. And then the playoffs started and they turned into the Cowboys. They lost 48 to 32. Okay.


Got the Green Bay thing going. They've done, we're doing over unders though, right? We're doing regulars seasons. So you, if Dallas wins 10 games, you win knee over. Sign me up, sign me up. You're in 36. 10 games also means playoffs. 36 wins over the last three years. You're going 12, 12 and 12. And now all of a sudden you're gonna go under Why? Because the Eagles are better. Like we signed our blue chipper CD lamp. That's the scariest player in the division. Maybe in the conference if McCaffrey's hurt, I love what they're doing. Mike Zimmer's a dc you know, and I get it. People are freaked out because it's been 21 years since you've had a repeat winner. But I don't understand all this hatred for Dak.


He puts up 4200, 4500 yards. How many would they won in, in a row at home? Like 16 games or something crazy. In, in the, in the regular season. 16. Straight at home. Talk me out of this. I don't know why. You know, I don't know why we're, we're going under there. You think there's hatred for Dak? I would. I would say it's gone the other way. And he's really been quietly the most overrated quarterback in the league. Quietly overrated. Yeah. Cool. Because he doesn't win playoff games. We usually try to judge our quarterbacks by that. We gotta figure out what we're doing here. We doing over unders. Are we doing what happens in January? Because they're winning 10 games. Regular season deck. They're winnings fucking awesome. Well, why don't you go with this crazy about Lamar. Like you love the Ravens Lamar, it's the same situation. That's January.


Not really Lamar's 10, MVPs 58 and 19 is the starter. Dak was second in MVP votes last year. Like what? Let's, let's, people are dumb. Put 'em up there. People are dumb if they going on there. So the case for it, you got a new rookie left tackle. Yeah, Guyton. You have high end talent. You could argue, you might have the best receiver in the conference and the best defensive player in the conference, right? You have a franchise quarterback. That's about it. Amount of, amount of positives, negatives. You have the worst running backs in the league now I know we've discounted the running back position and we should, you know, it's like, eh, we, we can find anybody go after our punter too if you want.


You have the Pat's backup running back as your starter from 2023 now as your starter Zeke Elliot bland's out for eight weeks. That wasn't great. Not great, couldn't liked that. Six to eight weeks. But four of those quarterbacks are not great in those first six weeks. But go ahead, Dak. Contract fiasco. I'm gonna say that's, you never solved it. And you, some of the dumbest cap space stuff, I think we've seen the last 10 years with this team where it's like we don't, you're just telling me how great Dak is then why didn't your guy give him a contract? But we, if you give him him a contract, we him after his leg injury. So I don't know why like Yeah, but the way it's, it's structured, the cap hit for him this season is like suicidal, right? Like it's, it's almost as bad as like Denver getting rid of Russell Wilson and just taking the hit all, you're not deflecting any of it Jerry Overpays.


But it's a little bit of a problem when you got a quarterback, a wide receiver and an edge rusher who wanna be the top, who are gonna make 150 million between them. They won't want the top paid at their position. So what do you, what do you kind of have to do here? It doesn't seem sustainable to move back. I was saying on a, on the pot a couple days ago that I do think we're gonna look back at this cap era where people are paying Yeah, three guys crazy amounts of money and being like, well we gotta, and I think the, the returns on it are gonna be pretty dicey probably. Because if you just, you're taking away so much from other positions to pay the three dudes. There's more stuff. I don't like Mike McCarthy, lame Duck se. Has there been a LaMer duck season?


You the owner comes out and says like, ah, I kind of like people in a contract year. Puts a little pressure on him like he's poo-pooing the possibility of a right. And you have Belichick, you know, Mike Vrabel just looming Yeah. Over the entire season. The moment things go wrong, which, you know, you're at Cleveland Week one, it's a, it's a not that hard first four weeks at Giants on, on Thursday night and then kicks in with at Pittsburgh. Detroit. Bye week at San Fran at Atlanta. It's always tough. Home Philly, they always home Houston. It's a lot of good teams. Always, always run, run games, always. Teams gunning for them. Always, always gonna be like that. He got 7, 7, 9, 1 o'clock afternoon games.


Yep. Including two Thursdays. Tough stretch in mid-October. I agree. Gets a little easier near the end. I'm going under, okay, I'm gonna leave. I'm sorry I'm leaving Kyle, take my microphone. I'm so insulted by this. I really am. And it's not, it's less with Dallas 36 wins. I have one team coming outta this division and it's not Dallas. Alright. I have, there are other divisions I like more. It's not you, it's me. Okay. I just, I think you're worried about the wrong things. Who cares if it's Rico Dole or Ella, like a running back. What's the threshold if you get like he's not gonna get two touchdowns in 400 yards.


A running back. Now if he, if he or she gets 800 yards and six touchdowns, it's a female running back. Lots of female running backs. I didn't realize. Look at your team. 800 yards. Six touchdowns is the threshold. Like why are we going grave is Barkley, does any running back scare you other than McCaffrey you? If you on the schedule literally you have one skilled position guy plus Jake Ferguson. Just the best. Yeah, just the best skill position guy. Your second, third receivers among the worst in the league, he gets toback 4,500 yards no matter what. Probably worse. 40 in the league. One yards. Yeah. Offensive line is in the worst shape. It's been this decade, right? It's like a B minus now. Used to be like an A. Sure. A or an A plus. Yep.


B is gone. B minus is right. Probably fair. That's fine. Defenses the Lawrence Parsons combo. Got that still deep backs should be good. Although blends out, I don't And Zimmer for Quinn, I think he's more suited for this defense to, to look over it. The last time we saw the defense, they were getting absolutely video game torched right by the Packers. So why are, why are they better? I'm with you again. What's different? Better? I don't dunno. Why. Well, you love the Ravens despite their pitiful playoff performances. But when we do over unders, we have to crap all over the Cowboys. I'm so defensive. I'm so defensive. As you know, I'm a narrative guy. Yeah. I've been accused of it over the years. Yeah.


It feels lame. Duck McCarthy guys looming last you would've said this last year, season's not going right, right? I just, he was a lame duck last year. Just don't like the vibe. All right, bet under watch what happens. Well, I don't, I am taking the under Listen. Well don't go crawling to me for money when that happens. Don't you dare do it. Philadelphia, they're over as 10 and a half wins. Oh yeah. Dallas used to be 10 and a half wins until so many people bet it they had to adjust it minus 1 48. So juice on the over division minus one 40, which has been, they were plus division, right? Wasn't right. Wasn't Dallas the favorite for a little while? Yeah. And then it flipped. Phil's the favorite now just like the AFCs minus for the playoffs.


you can get 'em plus four 50 for the one seed. And I completely agree it's been too much of a shift toward Philly. People throwing away, you know what happened down the stretch last year, 11 and six, they lost six of their last seven. They got killed by Baker Mayfield. The chemistry was so bad. ESPN didn't even wait till the week. Usually it's the week of the new season when they write the whole piece about all the bad chemistry. They didn't do that. They did the Siri Hertz giant feature about it two weeks ago. I like some of the stuff they did. I think they're better. Like they brought in Fangio, who I I, you know, their coaching situation last year was pretty grim on both sides of the ball.


San Juan Barkley angry. The Giants gave up on him. They flipped Reddick who's holding out now and seems like a, like God only knows what that dude's doing. And they brought Huff from the Jets. I dunno why the Jets just didn't keep Huff. But that was, that was good. Spent a bunch of free agent money and capital on D backs and strengthened that. And they're offensive line. I know they lost Jason Kelsey, but it's still a good offensive wine. It's still massive. Mm. And I think Hertz was hurt last year. That's the other thing I gen, I had him on, I had Hertz futures. I had him on both fantasy teams. That dude was not fucking healthy for the last two thirds of the year. if you say feels like a comeback year, then I, well I can't say anything but you know, but, but they lost six outta the last seven.


I get it. But I also took Jacksonville in our a FFC pod and they died too down the stretch. I appreciate that. I'm just saying. And they're, GM is the best in the game. He really does. He plays these Jedi mind tricks. They got where they got the receiver outta Washington. They got Dotson for nothing. They knew when to get rid of Reddick who might not play football Again. As you mentioned, they the awesome receivers. Barkley is good for them. Yeah. Barkley's a top six running back. Okay. Like I never liked the running back before, but they score from the three yard line anyway. It doesn't matter. With the tush push, I wanna know, I seem to have a lot of time man. I You're gonna say he's injured. I wanna know why they went one in six down the stretch. And if you listen to Jason Kelsey and some of these guys interviewed, they, you read between the lines. They're like, these teams figured us out. Right. 49 ERs figured us out.


The zero blitz kills Hertz, you know. Yeah. We kind of, kind of showing our, our plan right there to them. They went, you know, they had a weird, I know the loser and the Super Bowl was supposed to drop off a little bit, but it didn't work that way. They had such a good first half and then it eventually kicked in anyway. And then it kicked in. It was weird. They went from 70 sacks to 43. They weren't the defensive force that they were. I think 10 and a half is way too high. Much like it is with Cincinnati. I'm going under here and I don't think they make the playoffs and I know, I know. I'm biased there. I know. So how about this? I think we're both right. I think one of these teams doesn't make the playoffs. And I'm gonna say it's Philly and you say okay. I mean I, I think it's Dallas Doesn't make you think Philly doesn't make Yeah.


All right. We're both right. Good. But I think one team comes outta this division. One of these teams is gonna be a letdown. One of these teams is gonna be the one every year there's a first take team where first take starts and it's the thing on the bottom is like can Philly season be saved? Right? What's wrong in Dallas? And it's gonna be one of these two teams. One of these two. And I just don't know which one. It's all right. I told you which one it was. if you don't wanna listen, it's fine. Well I think it's gonna be your team. I don't know what the Saquon, I, I'm so down on running backs, but they just don't scare me. You hear like Saquon's coming to town, like I don't know, would you se we've care a lot differently. We're going from seeing Saquon with terrible quarterbacks and no offensive line to Saquon with a good offensive line.


Is it good? I mean they have this Jergens who's replacing Kelsey, he's at like 45 snaps at center. I'm not sure I get it. But this center and I know Jason Kelsey was awesome and he was the leader of the team and he was basically ordering Pete Brown. I know how good he was. Yeah. But the center position, it does seem like the center gets hurt and they're like, they've moved the left guard to center and they're still fine And it works. Yeah. I, it's both important and unimportant depending on the team. I refuse to believe that. Just 'cause they don't have Jason Kel, the Eagle's offense gonna fall apart. Yeah. Like they have two awesome receivers. They have a top six running back and their quarterback two years ago was one drive away from winning the Super Bowl. Okay. Unlike your guy, I dunno what to say, never made round three say my guy doesn't make it, but the Eagle scored nine points in the playoff game and everyone's like, no, no, they're back.


They're gonna win 12 games. All right, well one thing we can agree on neither of us probably like the rest of this division. I really, really wanted to get Washington into the playoffs as one of my playoff teams. They fit all the criteria. New coach theory, they had the Run Rivera be enemy combo, just legendary bad coaching. They brought in Dan Quinn who's not Newt Rockney, but he's competent and better. And you had him and he's solid. Jaden Daniels seems like he's gonna be able to play right away. 24 years old. There's some good bets with him. I think he's six to one to be offensive Rookie of the year and Caleb's plus one 20 And and you know, they might, they might have a good offense.


They're over a six and a half. I feel pretty good about going over on it. Playoffs plus three 10 is where where I got off the train. They were four and 13 last year. And it just seems realistic to me. They had a lot of draft picks. New coach Jaden Daniels over Sam, how who was a turnover sack machine. They had a couple line, they got added Wagner and Luvo. Their turnover differential last year was minus 14, which was the absolute worst. And the biggest thing is the organization new owner comes in, brings in Adam Peters and a whole bunch of people they actually like are trying to care about the right things. Unlike last year where it was like just the poison factory. Yeah.


So the vibes will be good. I like the poison factor. I don't think they have enough talent. If they have to rename the stadium, the poison factor will be good. Yeah. I just couldn't get there. From a talent standpoint, they don't, like if you're just looking at like kickass guys and even let's say Daniels is a kickass rookie qb. Yeah, McClaren's good. Josh Allen, Lubo Wagner. It's a, it's not a long list. I just don't think they have enough talent to make the playoffs. I like the over, I had to take a chance on someone and I did it with the Raiders and the A FC. This is my playoff team in the NFC. Okay. I did it. And I know Joe Hays, I tried Joe House hates my team. I know. And I just think Jaden Daniels gonna be so good and I'm gonna take that six to one to an offensive, the rookie of the year.


And I Right sitting right here gave out the offensive, the rookie of the year last year. So I'm gonna hit it again. It's a great bet. It's, it's one of those, we look at stuff that, it's like when we talked about Jacksonville and the A FC thing where it's just like people just aren't on it. And there's been so much Caleb Buzz and he's on hard knocks, right. He's the number one pick. Oh my God. What an incredible situation. Much like Bryce Young last year. Yeah, same thing. And da And even if he's good, Daniel's might be even better. He is a special talent bill. He's a very, a special kind of talent. And I think with Cliff Kingsbury in there, yeah. An offensive coordinator, not head coach. Bring him in there. I think he's right there. He has three road games. Daniels in his first four, so it's gonna be a little bit of a learning curve.


But they're winnable. Tampa Bay Giants, Cincinnati and Arizona. I think they're gonna be the team. Like what's going on with Washington? This is RG three all over again. He better be careful while he's running all over the place. Yeah. And that kind of thing. Took a couple of guys away from the Cowboys are gonna be productive. So Armstrong and Fowler and they're playing Dimes. Dimes. They're playing Dimes twice. Yeah. Playing Watson, Bryce Young, Russell Wilson, Levi Carr and Baker Mayfield. So the case against them and why I didn't wanna take them is their defense on paper what they were last year. There's no scenario where if you're, if you're saying who were the four worst defenses in the league, not the conference.


Washington has to be mentioned and I just don't think their defense is good enough to get to 10 wins. But the fact that they play a bunch of like crap or mediocre quarterbacks would help them. I just don't think they have the defense, the offense. I think, I think their destiny is gonna be the red zone team. They're gonna be super fun. Right. The CO will have an awesome year. Daniel's have some scrambles and that's kind of Yeah. Who they'll end up being, I guess. I think they win these coin flip games more than they lose 'em. So, but you're right, that pass defense was bad. I think they allowed 35 touchdowns. So the defense is, I don't know who has the worst defense. Like honestly, who has the worst defense? It it's, I mean Arizona Arizonas not gonna be great. Yeah.


Giants might not be great. Tennessee Maybe it. I mean there's some teams that I can have a fast, it's one of the first ones to mentioned. So they're at Tampa week one and then Home Giants week two. And if they could somehow beat Tampa, then they're going at Cincy week three, a team that I like less than you. But there's a ca they'd have to add Arizona week four. No, I like Le. I don't like Cy. Neither of us like Cincy, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I think they would they lose their first few games. I think they would have to go three in one coming out of those first four. Yeah. To realistically be that's gonna be all their Philly Dallas games are later. They have Philly week 11 at Philly, week 12 home Dallas and then week 16, Philly, Dallas shouldn't twice last year.


And they always, yeah, they like to play them. But yeah, I, I just, I didn't see enough talent on their side. I bet we agree on the Giants. They're over a six and a half. I don't know why it's six and a half. I can't really come up with any reasons. Plus one 16, if you wanna go over minus 1 42 for the under worst record plus eight 50, you could go under four and a half wins adjusted plus 2 35 last year, six and 11 they allowed 85 sacks. They somehow had the worst offensive line. Yeah. In the division when Washington's offensive line was getting their quarterbacks almost killed. They traded for Brian Burns in one of the weird trades of the year where they paid a second rounder to get him and they could have just signed somebody in free HC if they wanted to pass Rush.


And they added neighbors who I think everybody loves. But he has a bottom three quarterback in the league. Yeah. Danny Dimes with DeVito as the backup still there and they lost Barkley. Kenny. Kenny, I don't see any scenario where this team gets to six wins until seven. I'm with we agree on this one. Did you watch the hard knocks? The Giants one? I didn't. I liked it better than the Bears one even. I know it went back to March and everything. But you see the inner workings of the front office and everything and it was fun how they tried desperately to trade up with the Patriots to get that, you know, I'm glad you brought this up. They wanted a quarterback. Kyle, don't turn the TikTok camera on what I was on.


I was on some threads about this because they offered the Pats first, second, and third rounders in 24. Right. But then in 25 too. Right. And that was their offer. So maybe the Pats could have even gotten like a second rounder in 26 or something. It's a pretty big haul man. 'cause you think Sure. They could have, they could have gone down to six and let's say they took, they took one of the left tackles Latham or Alt, I forget who was available. Right. It's just like, all right, at least now we have our franchise left Tackle, then they went to one of the top picks in the second round. One of the top picks in the third round. But then going forward for this year, you'd have the Giants number one pick, which would be good. And the Giants, which a taken good taking Drake May, who wouldn't have been able to play this year with no offensive line.


Right. Right. And then you have the top three pick plus the Pats were gonna be bad plus, plus two top picks in the second and third rounds. Like the moral is Drake may better be fucking good because that was, that was a lot. And you have a signed pile on that you're gonna wanna turn. Dude, there it is. Signed pylons right over there. I love Drake May but man, he better be good 'cause that was a, like, to be able to have two first round picks from the Giants plus two seconds and two thirds, that's a shit load. Joe Shane, you could tell how disappointed he was when the Patriots like, no, we're, we're good where we are. And then, then the next whole next episode is convincing themselves that Danny Dimes was there. Man, all along that Danny Dime. Yeah. He did it two years ago.


Yeah. That, that's what I love most about it. But yeah, you're right. I mean Dbol lost 50 pounds. That's good. Now how he did it, I don't, some that, some people I just like when I like heavier D fat, I don't like skinnier dbo. Yeah. Yeah. I thought he, I I just liked when he was angry and fat. Yeah. Yeah. The main thing though, I really do think he's gonna be terrific. Like I'm, I'm in, I'm all in. But it was just, it did make me make yeah. Make me blink. It's a lot. Yeah. It's, it's a lots they're passing up. But yeah, you're right. I, I almost, I don't know if I'm the last holdout with the Danny Dimes this good thing. I don't think that he is good. But I did wanna blame the offensive line more than normal, you know, because it was so atrocious for so many years. And that's why the neighbors pick was kind of a waste.


I think they, they don't know what they're doing. The Giants. Yeah. That's part of it too. That's, that's a, that's a, at least a big part of it. What is your favorite prop from the NFC? East Cowboys highest scoring team? 10 to one. I won with it last year. Oh wow. They hit last year. Won with it last year. So the case for it is they play play the Giants in Washington four times, which might be two of the worst defenses in the league. And Right. I actually looked at that. They got like 170 points from those four games I think. Or a 72 the first game. Crazy. Yeah. Yeah. In the forties. So yeah. Why? I think there's only like three or four teams that can win this. So to get 10 miles. Wow. So this, I mean this is gonna be, you need bigger fantasy year for Rico Dodo and Davin.


Oh my God. Dalvin Cook than I thought. And Zeke Elliott, you would kill for Dalvin Cook, you would kill for him. What other 2018 running backs can you get? Why do you care about running backs? Can you get tomson? What's he doing? You know our, our concession stand guy is new too. I mean, I, what, what, what do you care? What do running back, running backs. Yeah. They never matter matter who needs running backs. They have mattered. They don't anymore. Who needs anybody on a third and three? Alright, we, my favorite prop of all these props Yeah. Is Giants under four and F Wins plus 2 35. Hmm. Raheem has been on this for a couple years. That the alt unders and the alt overs, if you like a team really like them fun.


If you really don't like a team, really don't like them and just get two to one or three to one odds on it. Yeah. Versus just like banging. I have a couple more later that qualify that too, but I don't see it. The Giants fans hate Danny Dimes. Yeah. They're gonna have no running game at all. And neighbors by week five if he's even still playing because God only knows there'll be, you know, dime sends one over the middle. Here's another one 'cause you brought it up earlier. Plus 12 turnover ratio. That's probably not gonna continue for the Giants. Another reason they should be no way bad. All right, well we're not aligned again. We only have three divisions left to find some common ground. We're gonna take a break.


Football's back. No better place to get in on the NFL Action than FanDuel America's number one sports book. Right now all customers can bet $5 and get a three week free trial of NFL Sunday ticket from YouTube and YouTube TV that you'll be able to watch every regular season Sunday afternoon at a market game. Plus with FanDuel you don't even have to leave the app. You don't have to. you can access realtime stats and data to help you make even more winning bets. All you have to do is go to FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one sports book. You must be 21 plus 18 plus in DC President Select states offer ends 9 22 24. After a three week free trial, the full price of Ben NFL Senate a ticket will be automatically charged, seasonally canceled any anytime, no refunds, terms restrictions and embargoes apply. YouTube TV based plan required to watch YouTube TV Redemption requires a Google account and current form of payment game prom called win 800 gambler. Visit rg-help.com.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


Moving onto the NFC North, leading with the Detroit Lions, they're over under 10 and a half juice on that. Minus 1 32, they're plus one 30 to win the division. Which is kind of shocking because I thought they'd be a minus plus five 50 for the conference. 12 to one for Super Bowl plus four 80 for the number one seed. Plus nine 50 for best record. if you wanna go 12 plus wins plus 1 52 if you wanna go 13 plus wins plus two 40. There were 12 and five last year. Look at all the bold. Wow. Look how much bold I have you. I love the lions. Me too. This is bad. I mean we could disagree on everything except I think we have the Lions winning the next six Super Bowls or something.


So are the lions better than last year when they were 12 and five? I would argue yes. La poor to healthy LA poor missed big chunk of the middle. What? He missed a couple games. He was playing hurt. I forget what but now he's healthy. Gibbs is back. They signed DJ reader, they tried to beef up the D backs, drafted some cornerbacks and just really try to take care of that. Not a lot of weaknesses. And then on top of it, 14 outta 17 indoors. Yeah. Then play three outdoors games and only two cold weather. So it's all lined up for them. You go and then I'll go. All right. Well there were 12 and five last year and some people think they should be 13 and four.


I guess there was some shenanigans in that Cowboys game. I don't remember the game you cheated on. I don't remember it. But let's, let's give them, I mean if, if you won 13 and it's 10 and a half, you're really gonna think they're regressing and I don't think they are. I think Ca Campbell's team is built perfectly. Right? So when you put the ball on the field it might be different. But you said they had only those two cold weather games. They start Rams. Tampa Bay at Arizona. Seattle. Yeah. I don't think you have it written down but the last undefeated team I think is like seven to one or something. I looked at that one. I like the lions there. Five and one in prime time last year. They're not afraid of anyone. Yeah, like any situation, golf is still gonna be underrated.


Like you said, they improved the secondary. I just like this team a lot. I really do. They got the Alabama kid, they traded up in the first round. Sewell's a top offensive lineman. Ag now's a top center. They bring Xer in top 12 guard. Yeah. I had their O line ranked as top, top five O line. And I think that's, do you have 'em go in the Super Bowl? Because I do. So I did some research on this. I was trying to find some lions doppelgangers to 2024 Lions. 'cause they went 12 and five and they had a three win jump from the year before. Right. They won two playoff rounds and then they lost the conference title game to San Francisco. Stupid Josh Ronald 34 to 31 So. it came.


Came close two s away. Yeah. So are there other teams that fit that profile? The 2019 chiefs went 12 and four plus two. They were one seed lost that stupid game to the Pats. The D four game the next year 12 and four two seed won the Super Bowl. So there's one, the 2012 Seahawks. First year of Russell Hustles and Bustle. Mm. 11 and five plus four wins that year. Five seed lost that tough one in round two to Atlanta where they took the lead and then Atlanta Right. Hit the field goal at the end. Next year, 13 and three won seed won the Super Bowl year before San Francisco. 13 and three. The first harbo year plus five two seed lost that really tough game in round two to the Giants by three next year, 11 4 0 1 2 seed.


Lost the Super Bowl to Baltimore. The game we went to the blackout game. They were down three inside the five. So they were right there. But they were right there. And then the last one I had, this is a weird one, but the oh oh five bears 11 and five plus six two seed. Wow. Lost to Carolina in round two. Like that. Crazy game. 29, 21 I think we won money on it. And then the next year, 13 and three won seed. Lost the Super Bowl to Indie 17 2 29 because they lost, I put their score first. But So the case would be the teams that you did your homework, why did this they jump Yeah. And then had a tough playoff loss but not too damaging and then came back strong and not a Super Bowl loss because the Super Bowl, because that's a different category.


Yeah. But they got the taste. But now they're right. I have them winning everything and the play, the whole thing. I think they win the Super Bowl. Interesting. I have the bills over the Lions, but I have the Lions over the Houston Texans in the Super Bowls. My Super Bowl pick and that's great. I love it. Everything went their way. Like even Ben Johnson staying right? Their offensive coordinator who, who did a great job and it's like, well they're definitely gonna lose him. Oh that'll suck. They're gonna lose him And Aaron Glenn, guess what? They didn't lose either of them. They kept their awesome coordinators. So you have them And Campbell, this is probably a top four coaching staff situation.


I think they have the fewest holes. That's thing. That's what kept coming back. What do you wanna do and can Gardner Johnson They lose. That's fine. And then what if Jameson Williams is good, right? Very solid. So I'm all in. I love, the only thing that worries me about this team is just that Green Bay's in the same division and whatever Green Bay ceiling is. But we're gonna know pretty early. 'cause they have the Rams at home on a Sunday night home. Tampa at Arizona and then home Seattle heading into by that feels like four and oh yep. At Dallas Week five. That'll be the game of the week at Minnesota Home, Tennessee. Possible seven and oh heading into at Green Bay at Houston. Week nine. Week 10. And I think, I think there's a chance there's seven and oh heading into those games.


I love it. So to your point about the Lions, the last undefeated bet they had the best odds on FanDuel plus six 50. Oh that's nine ERs are plus seven 50 Eagles. 10 to one chiefs, 10 to one Miami, 12 to one Bengals, 14 to one. Still good. I'm, I'm just typing that down. Jump on that. That's a great one. Let's get on a flight to Arizona. Lions put that in. You know, the other thing I was trying to think, as you know, I've said it before in the pot. I'm a narrative guy. Oh yeah. It's the most fun. If the lions are really good and actually have a chance to win the Super Bowl, it'd be fucking amazing. Well they've won anything since 1957. It's kind of why I put the bills on the other side. So it's like a no no, no situation.


Oh I see that. That's some crafty handicapping, right? Yeah. I'm not a narrative guy. I'm, I would never say that, but yes, you're you. But Maybe you are deep down in narrative guy. Well one of my good friends is a narrative guy. So I I I've learned a lot narratives. So Lion's Bills, yeah. Three. Like we almost got it last year. Lions bills like four weeks after the new president takes office. It feels like the, this could be the end of the world. That could be it. That's it. I'm gonna, I'm gonna buy soup today Soup and some Chef Rd ravioli that lasts for three years. Well we better bet that to win Holy Back gonna be the end of the world. Hold on to your fucking seats. Lions Bills. I wish I had picked that. I have Lions Texans that'll probably end up being Lions Chiefs, but, but yeah, I think this Lions team's really good and I, and honestly they probably could have won the Super Bowl last year.


Yeah. If they somehow steal that nine or Renolds. Yeah. Ridiculous. All right, let's talk Green Bay over is nine and a half wins the most suspicious over under on either side of the conference getting that number? I have no idea. Why isn't this 10 and a half? Biggest zone? Last year they started two and five and then they went seven and three down the stretch. Finished nine and eight. That includes one of the worst losses of the year. That Bryce Young game that I, I think all of us got annihilated on. Yeah, it was the one Good Panthers game, but some of their odds. Plus 200 for the division plus 800 for the conference. Minus 1 58 for the playoffs. Which feels like that's a nice one to throw in a parlay with somebody else.


I find it hard to believe they wouldn't be a playoff team. you can go 12 plus wins for plus two 50. Last year they beat Dallas in round one. Lost in round two to San Francisco by three A game. They probably should have won. They're better at safety. They signed McKinney, they drafted a couple people. New defensive coordinator. They're gonna have better injury. Luck the injury. Luck was terrible last year. It's a young team that has a lot of talent. They did lose Aaron Jones. They added Josh Jacobs but very young. I think their seven receivers make as much as CD Lamb. And I think they have the most popular four person wide receiver core most popular. Well just like people are in on the Packers, receivers, Watson and Dobbs and Wicks. And people like, they like those dudes.


The case against them is everybody likes them and that's why's not and half's really. Yeah, that's it. It's like, it seems too easy. They played so good. It was so hard to get an interception out of that guy last year. Yeah, I think he was like 18 touchdowns. One interception over his last seven games. But I do wanna say this October 29th, 2023, the Vikings beat them 24 10. Love is 24 for 41. It was one of those games where we threw one interception but could have had four if you could, what were the live odds on Jordan Love becoming the highest paid player in football history six months later after that game?


Yeah. Yes. From there. Like he's good and I like this team. I'm betting him over, but how many games do you have to win to be the highest paid in history? He won 10 games. Can you win five games and be the highest paid ever? So this is, it's really good. It's very, I know it's very strange and I don't see a lot of holes either. They start in Brazil against Philly, indie at Tennessee and Minnesota. Can I test drive theory for you about that Brazil game? Sure. And I was thinking of doing this for the Tuesday pod before the season starts. I, 'cause you know, in fantasy we had the d and d do not draft list. Yeah. I'm gonna, I think I'm gonna do like a little mini manifesto for myself of just things I'm not allowing myself to do this year.


And one of them is to just not bet on any of the overseas games. Oh, Brazil, London, Germany. I think I'm just out. I think it's, it's too random. Too many weird things happen. I never feel good about it. The time zone. And something's always weird about it. And I'm never like, oh man, I'm so glad. I bet that London game, that was so much fun. It's never fun. It always sucks. No, because we're barely, it's always weird awake. Yeah. And I might just be out. Do you, I you don't like this 'cause you'll bet on anything. No, I'll do like were betting on Korean tennis this summer. How dare you. You weren't, you weren't Bett on Korean tennis. Little Korean little league team. But no, not tennis. No. What, why don't we, we kind of did this with the Thursday night games.


Right, right. Where are we out? Not out out, but not the only thing where I settled on those Thursday games was putting them in kind of mild teases. Yeah. To try to get a jump on the week. But not, not to have too much on it. Right. Because they're too stupid. Yeah. Remember that one game when fields just went bonkers? There was one Thursday night game. Oh yeah. It was like Fields his best game of the year. He just looked like he was Lamar across from Josh Allen. Yeah. There's a million examples of, and it seems to happen like eight times a year on Thursday night where just one team or the other just doesn't show up. But that's, that's my point. I think the Thursday nights are more wonky than the, at least everybody's on regular rest. But that might've been my next manifesto thing is I might be out on Thursday nights unless it's like some sort of tease situation.


That's fine because it's three days rest. That makes sense. But I don't know the flying and don't think I'm not betting anyone after their biggest win of the year anymore. Yeah. When somebody goes in it's like, oh my god. And they're doing the interviews the next I'm out. I'm not betting them. You have to. I'm gonna make a list. All right. I do think though it's overstated with the flying overseas and everything like Yeah because the planes are super nice now. Well who ca the only thing I take from Philly flying to Brazil is Jalen Hertz is definitely getting a nap on a Tuesday. Right. What's wrong with that? Right. Like he's definitely gonna sleep on the plane for a few hours so it's not a negative. Yeah. They're in these massive charter planes. So this is an interesting one because Green Bay in week one, that Brazil game on a Friday night.


So there's all kinds of reasons. So not to bet it, and I know I'm gonna bet it, but I do feel like that's gonna be the over, usually the overreaction games on a Sunday and when we do the pod on Sunday nights and it's like, oh here's the overreaction game. Yeah. This happened and well do we believe in this or not? It's gonna be on a Friday this year because whoever loses that game Oh yeah. Is gonna be the overreaction team. Right. Right. If Green Bay loses like, oh told you young team not gonna happen. And same for Philly, if Philly blows it, so, and it's probably not gonna be close. Right. Which will lend more to Yeah. It'll be like 38 to 10. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's what we should do. Should minus nine and a half both ways. They have a couple hard stretches in their schedule. That made me nervous too. Like they have, they have four prime time in a row starting in November.


They have week seven, week eight, week nine. Houston at Jacksonville Home Detroit. I don't love that. But then they go week 11 at Chicago home San Fran. Thursday night home Miami, Thursday night at Detroit. Sunday at Seattle. Monday night home New Orleans. That's fucking weird for like they don't play a normal Sunday afternoon game for five weeks. Yeah. It's a lot for this kid. I don't like it. I mean it's the highest paid in history of sports. You should be able to turn it around. I didn't mind who they lost in free agency. Aaron Jones Savage. And they really didn't lock never played. They needed, yeah, they needed a better defensive coordinator.


So they did that. I'm just writing down Locke for that. I, I'm locking in Green Bay over nine and a half. Okay. Chicago sexy, a sexy over pick over his eight and a half wins. So much juice on that. It's minus one 60, which I think is the most juice of any of these overs sounds right. Division plus three 40 playoffs plus 1 0 4. You could go 11 plus wins plus two 10. you can zag the other way. Do under six nap wins plus three 20. They added Caleb Williams and they added the first and ninth picks in the draft. The Dunes A and Caleb. Sure. They added Keenan Allen. They have three really, really high end receivers.


Running backs are worse. Pass rush 100% worse. So is their pass rush No doubt. Offensive line. Not great. I couldn't get there. You went under Yeah, I went under. Wow. We must be the only ones. We agree too many people on it and I It's fixed. It's a fixed line boy and I'll take the plus money all the time. Totally. Right. I mean when was a rookie, when was the last time a rookie quarterback was expected to be over 500 or make the playoffs? What'd you say to make the playoffs was even? Yeah, pretty much. Yeah. I I I don't see it. He could be eight and nine and have a good year. Right.


And they have, they have this first half is kind of easy. Yeah. But then that all of a sudden, like from week 13 on at Detroit on a Thursday night. Yeah. At San Fran at Minnesota on a Monday night. Three weeks in a row. Right as the QB hitting the rookie wall part of the season. Yeah. Home Detroit right after that. Home Seattle on a Thursday. So they go home, Detroit Home Seattle four days later and then they finish at Green Bay. That's a fucking gauntlet. I mean that's, that feels like one in five to me. So they would have to be six of Final eight against a division. Yeah. That's that's a lot to ask. Yeah. And then they have some other, like all of their road games at Houston at Indie.


They're playing the Jaguars in London at Arizona. I, I don't see it. I like to, for them to go nine and eight, I would be really impressed. I really wanted to get there with them. 'cause I needed a new playoff team and I just couldn't. Yeah. New offensive, new defensive coordinator. Just a lot of new pieces coming in and out and I don't think they're ready. Like the, the fans are more excited than the team's gonna be good I think. Right. And what do we know about Eber flues? What have we seen that got anyone excited? He's okay. I, I don't know. I think like he's, he's seems like he's fine. if you wanna talk about, I think here's a better bet for him to win Coach of the year is 10 to one. Because if they make the playoffs, which you get for even odds. Yeah. Whatever, but Abra flus, they make the playoffs.


I think he's gonna win Coach of the Year and he'll have gone from three wins to seven wins Right. To 10 or whatever. 11. So that to me is a better bet if you are pro bears. But I'm, I'm just not. I loved Jim Harbaugh 10 to one for coaching. They're both 10 to one. Right? Yeah. Because that's like if the Chargers make the playoffs, he's winning the work. It's, it's a rep. Minnesota is seven and a half plus 1 34 if you wanna go over on that. They're begging you to do it. They're under for seven and a half is minus 1 68, which I think is the highest juice on and under worst under five and a half wins is plus 1 76 if you wanna do that. Worst record is 13 and one. So they added Aaron Jones.


That's a positive. 'cause their running backs were bad last year. By the way, the case on your, doesn't matter if you have good running backs, look at Minnesota's running backs last year. Like they were awful. They killed them. Here's how they're worse. They had that Jordan Addison DUI thing that he might even get suspended during this season. Yeah. Terrible, terrible. Cornerbacks like the, probably the worst cornerback situation in the conference. And then you know they, they drafted JJ McCarthy with a top 10 pick and I like the pick and it seems like he was doing well but he got hurt. So now you're getting nothing. Yeah. You have this season where you get a top 10 pick, you get nothing from it. I don't like that. And then quarterback, the quarterback Sam Donald who's just not good at football.


Yeah. So to me this is an easy under, I mean the off season Mojo McCarthy injury, their third round pick died. Right. They had two DUIs, one for Addison, one for one of the coaches. They had a torn ACL for offensive linemen. Even this like Brian Flores stuff like the last couple of weeks. Yeah. We two it. That was weird. Two were like just weird stuff cursed all over the place. Which is weird because two years ago they won every one score game with cousins. Yeah. So you would think the curse was gonna move around. This is just a lot to overcome. I don't know why you'd be expected to go get them to eight games, which is plus money if you go over. Yeah, that makes sense. So plus 1 34 for eight.


Yeah, I'm Go, I'm going under here. They also led enforced fumbles last year. Something that goes back and forth every year. So, and they call K Kevin O'Connell. KOCI don't know if you're all right with that is do they really? They do. Yeah. We learned Tate and I talked about that fucking bullshit. Yeah, I know. You gotta call that out. So how they had played London Jets in London, which is considered a home game. Would you see their first seven because they got that Giants, they're at the Giants Week one. Yeah. But then their home San Fran comb Houston, then they're at Green Bay. Then they have to play the Lu, the Jets in London. They get a bi-week and then they have to play home Detroit at the Rams. That could be either oh and seven or one and six. I'm gonna recommend something that Giants Vikings game, whoever loses that could be the last be the worst record team or the last Winless team.


Mm. So jump on that. I think that's also around 10 to one. Someone there Giants and I'm gonna look that up while you give us your best NFC North prop. All right, well it's Bears, no playoffs. It's not fun. But it's minus 1 28 bears. No playoffs. I just think there's more. More in that division you can offer. I don't think there's gonna be three, but I do like our first to four. That's my favorite. First to four in that division. Lions Packers. Oh that's our favorite bet. That's the best one. What was that five? We put that on the six to one. Six to one Lions So. it has to go. Lions Packers. Bears Vikings. Exact order. Six to one. Yeah. So I'm not as confident in a one or four in any other division.


I love the lines coming first. Love the Vikings coming forth. if you wanna flip flop the Bears and Packers. I don't recommend it, but I think that's seven to one. So if you wanna hit both of those and you, me and Sal. I'm Sal You Sal. Yeah. Yeah. He's a narrative guy. He is not a name guy. You, you be at House and Hinch. Yeah, we all jumped on that. We did Detroit for the one seed. Yeah, that was five to one. We did a group bet on that. We've pretty well in those group bets. Yep. A lot of, I'm fine with loading up on Detroit 'cause I think, I think it's Super Bowl or bus for them and I think they're ready for it. So, okay, last one. This team, by the way, new England, five to one Tennessee plus seven 50 Carolina plus eight 50 and Minnesota is plus nine 50.


There's a lot of options. I don't think any of 'em are gonna win only two games, but I think everyone's gonna be right around that four win, four, five teams. You might be honest. Something with that Minnesota idea. Yeah. 'cause if they lose that Giants game, go get it. They're, they're not winning another game until week nine. Indianapolis. Tough quarterbacks. Yeah. They're not favored remotely in any of those games. That's a good one. Plus nine 50. All right, we're gonna take a break.


This episode is brought to you by our good friends at NFL Sunday Ticket on YouTube tv. I'm sure by now you've all gotten back into your Sunday routines, but they could be even better with NFL Sunday Ticket and YouTube tv. You get the most live NFL games all in one place, every game, every Sunday. And you can even watch up to four different games at once. With multiview, one of my favorite inventions of this decade. It's exactly what you need to catch all the action, make your Sundays more magical. And also YouTube TV is great. I got it this year. It's awesome. Sign up now at youtube.com/bs device and content restrictions. Apply local and national games on YouTube. TV NL Sunday ticket for out of market games. Excludes digital only games.


This episode is brought to by Uber Reserve. You know, it's a game changer for travel. Booking my ride in advance to the airport with Uber Reserve. Uber Reserve makes it easy to plan my whole trip. I just did this. Booking rides up to 90 days in advance to help squeeze the most outta traveling. Especially if you're doing odd hours rush hours like early in the morning, you gotta do it. Plus, with Uber Reserve, you'll get an assigned driver. You get upfront pricing and you get extra wait time included. So go ahead plan like a pro. Reserve your Uber ride up to 90 days in advance. See app for details.


Alright, it's time for the NFC South Sal. I have an announcement. The NFC South is back. Oh, you love this division. I forgot it's back. It's so bad. This is an absolute all timer of a train wreck. So least wins by a division the last five years. Last year, NFC South 27 year before 2022. A FC South 2321 was a FC South 28, which is pretty high actually. 2020 NFC is 23. In 2019. NFC is 24. So the lowest number is 23 wins. Wow. For a division. And I think it could be in play with the, with the NFC South. I'll do you one better or the same?


This will be, if there's no 10 win team, this will be the first time a division failed to produce a double digit win team three years in a row in the history of football. Wow. Yeah, I mean the, the bigger question is, could it, could it produce a a nine win team? Yeah. We might have four under 500 teams. So the first one is Atlanta. Atlanta's favorite to win the division of minus 1 45. And that's moved up, right? Wasn't it? I think New Orleans was a little friskier before people realized, I can't wait to talk that. Well, they got two on. They got, they added a couple pieces. So they're over as nine and a half wins minus 1 42. They're 11 one for the conference. They were seven and 10 last year.


And if you wanna get frisky 12 plus wins is plus two 40 new coach Raheem Morris. So they, they're, they do qualify for the new coach theory. They also qualify for the new quarterback theory. Yeah. 'cause they went from Desmond Ritter. Desmond Ritter was cut today. Yeah, cut today. Yeah. See that's the thing with the Falcons and Jets, the teams, they had a quarter, the guys that had a quarterback last year either cut or third string that, that's how bad it was. We'll see with cousins how he's moving. They added Simmons and they added Judon. If you're gonna ding them on anything, they got nothing from the 24 draft. Like they spent the eighth pick on Pennix, got nothing out of it unless cousins gets hurt and their third round linebackers out for the year. Right. So they only outta their draft where they had top a picks in every round.


They only ended up with one guy, what did they call it? Not the Milton borough and just pull out enough to win. But I feel like they're, they're just toying with everything. Like, yeah, we got this division, we don't even need a quarterback. We'll draft Pennix. Right. Well, whatever. We don't care about any of this stuff. We know we only have to win eight games to win and take it. So we have, this is something we talked about with Raheem and JJ and House on our wise guys thread. They're minus 1 45 for the division, but it doesn't make sense to bet that until week four. Right. Because they start Pittsburgh, which might have the best division in the whole league in the, the best defense in the whole league as we covered in the part one at Philly. And then Sunday night KC could be oh and three.


They could be one and two or oh and three coming outta that. Yeah. And then it gets fucking easy. They have a really easy stretch from week four to week seven. Week 11 or week 18 is a cakewalk. I mean, it's a fucking cakewalk. They play nobody, they have the easiest schedule in the week. Yep. So after that first three weeks, we would recommend that's when you better, that's the way they do. You'll probably, if they're one and two, you'll get at least even odds. Right. Probably maybe one 50 depending on what the other teams are. But you're right, FanDuel has 13 teams projected under eight wins. Atlanta plays eight of them. So unbelievable. And so many bad quarterbacks name a bad quarterback. Atlanta's probably playing them. So I'm going under nine and a half wins is too rich for my boy. I don't think they can get to 10. They feel like nine and eight.


Eight nine. And that's still gonna win the division. It might even be a case where in week 17, week 18, they might have won the division already. They're locked into the four seat and it's like, let's play Michael Pennix for two games. Right. Or, you know, they're playing, they won't lose stupid games along the way. But yeah, nine and eight is, like I said, plenty. I think really good offensive line. Bija Robinson, who's gonna be the second running back taking in any fantasy draft. And then we'll see with cousins. I, I am a little dubious of cousins and, and I took Rogers as well as these older guys coming off an Achilles. Yeah. I never loved cousins that much to begin with. But Cousins had, before we got injured, had 18 touchdown passes.


It was the most in the league. Yeah. So yeah. Remember we were talking about how the Netflix show kind of gave them like a Yeah. A new new mojo. Yeah. So we were, we're going under with Atlanta and picking them to win the division. Right. I think that's a first s all next one is Tampa. Tampa over seven and a half wins juice on that minus one 50, plus two 90 for the division plus 1 52 to make the playoffs. Last year they were nine and eight. They beat Philadelphia and then they lost in round two to Detroit in a very, very, very close game. They lost Shaq Bair to Devon White. They lost their offensive coordinators down the Carolina coach. Their offensive line's a little better for the most part.


It's a team that overachieved last year in division that wasn't good. And now the schedule, which from week two to 10 is among the toughest stretches of any team in there. They play Washington week one. I couldn't get to eight wins with them. I have them under seven and a half. I think I have 'em at eight and Oh no, I have 'em. Yeah, I do have 'em at eight. So you have over, I have 'em over here. They're such a weird team, aren't they? You look at 'em. Why should they have won nine games last year and why should they have beaten the Eagles and been a couple plays away from beating Detroit? And they kind of have these same guys, you know, they tag Antoine Winfield. Yeah. They resign Levante Davis. It's all the same guy. Resign. Mike Evans. Yeah. Will Goldston Evans.


They give Baker a hundred million dollars. Yeah. And then it's like, well maybe he is a top 17, 16 quarterback in the league to make the playoffs right there. I don't know what the defensive looked like. They gave up 260 yards passing, which was the most last year per team. But then they held the Eagles to nine points. So it's so strange. But you're right. They face all four conference championship participants. So it. Brutal. It's a tough one. It's brutal. For the listeners, they're at Detroit Home. Philly at Atlanta home Baltimore Home Atlanta at KC Home San Francisco. That's all in the first 10 weeks. And then later they're at the Chargers and they're at, they're just a weird team at Dallas.


They have four primetime games. I don't know why, but they do Somehow their schedule is way harder than Atlanta's. Yeah. And it doesn't make a ton of sense to me. Also, they don't have a ton of talent. Like I I'm under for them and I'm under for this next team, new Orleans over seven and a half wins. Pretty fair odds. Minus 1 22. But you're, you're under everyone in division. Well, we'll get there. You're gonna go over Carolina all so far. I have three hundreds in a row under six and a half wins. ALT is plus 180 4 under five and a half wins. ALT is plus three 20. This is my favorite bad team to go against. I think they're gonna be an absolute train wreck. They, this, this combo of Dennis Allen, who has the best, worst coach fired dos or first foot coach fired dots.


I think he's three to one. Derek Carr. I, I was talking to somebody from New Orleans who lives there. Do you realize how unpopular Derek Carr is with New Orleans fans? Like, like he's like Public Enemy number one. Oh yeah. They can't stand him. Right. So their home games, like they play their first game of the year is at car, is home for Carolina. Right. And it's like, oh, we'll, chalk that they're one. Oh, if they fall down three, nothing and he throws a pick, they're gonna be booing the whole fucking game. Right. Like they hate their car. So you have that and then you have Dennis Allen, who's first coach fired. Odds are seven to one. So they brought back a coach QB combo. That doesn't work. They lost Rams act.


But they, they spent their 14th pick on an O Yep. On a tackle to try to replace him. Dennis Allen career record. 24 and 46. He's 22 and 49 versus the spread. I, I just, I can't, I just think they're gonna be awful. Yeah. But they were, they were this last year and they were nine and eight. Right. And so, right. I I have 'em over. I I I get 'em to eight. Wow. I would not put a single dollar on this because you're right. I think the analysis starts and ends with Dennis Allen, Derek Carr combo. And I don't even care what the other combinations are for a quarterback coach in a division. Did I call him Dennis Allen or Dennis Quinn? Keep it either way. I think you did. I called him Dennis Allen. Right.


I thought about calling him Dennis Quinn. Who's Dennis Quinn? He an actor. You're thinking Dennis Quin just mixing people up. But there's buzz around this Clint Cubi act, the 49 ERs passing coach. Yeah. Gotten along well with cars. So maybe things a little different. No car sub. They have the third easiest schedule. They played one projected playoff team in the last six games. And they start Carolina and at Atlanta, Dallas and Philly. I don't know. I I I just feel like if you're not Carolina, you have a decent chance to get to eight wins. That's the other way to look at it. Well, they drafted Kool-Aid people like him. Yep. Camp Jordan's healthy. They added Chase Young. We'll see how many games he plays. Right. He's got, he needs to kind of be great early Chase Young.


I'm going, they finally say goodbye to Michael Thomas. Maybe they'll be all right. I'm going hard under, I'm intrigued by the under five and a half wins plus three 20. Mm. And I think they're gonna suck. And I also think this next team's gonna suck my fourth under in a row. That's right. Wow. I did the quadruple under. Can you do that for the division? Yeah. You're damn right. I can do it. Because if you add up, so Carolina five and a half New Orleans, seven and a half. So we're at 13. Tampa is seven and a half. So now we're at 20 and a half. And then Atlanta is nine and a half. So it's 30. And so it's 31 wins. Vegas is saying. Yeah. The over under for this thing is 31 wins. I just read you all those stats.


We've gone as low as 2324 wins in a division. Right. I just think we're going under with everybody. Let, let me ask you, did you add up your wins and losses for all? I don't. I think that's psychotic. Well, you're not a serious person. No. That's not psychotic. That has to, that has to up socio path to do that. You can't have 20 more wins than losses. No, but I think this division's gonna be the punching bag for everybody. Yeah. It always is. Yeah. That's where we're going. So let's say Atlanta wins eight. Let's say. Let's, I'll give, I'll I have 'em under two. I'm I'm agree. I'll give you a land of nine and eight. I'll give you Tampa. Seven and 10. Now I'm at 16 wins. I'm gonna give you New Orleans five wins. I'm at 21 and I'm gonna give you Carolina three wins. 24 wins for the division. I'm calling it now.


Radus 24 wins for the NFC South. All right, mark it down. You mark down. I said FanDuel made that a bet market at the other conferences too. Exact, exact wins for a division. New bet. FanDuel Hass. Never thought of that. You could do exact wins. Oh, for a division. For division. Oh no, you could do it for each team. The NFC South will win 24 games. Wow. And so three years in a row under 10. Yeah. I'm with you. I don't Well here's the good news. New New Orleans gonna be awful. Here's the good news with the Panthers. They may get to keep their number one pick this year. Like they could have the worst record. Right. Last year they didn't get to pick it. They had to give it up. Well, Panthers over under his five and a half. Yeah.


Worst record is seven to one under three and a half wins. Alt is plus three 40 if you wanna get frisky. Last year they were at two and 15. And the only case for them winning more than two games is 'cause the rest of the vision is so bad. Right. They have new coach Dave Canales that nobody seems to believe they could, they hired Right. He bounced around Tampa Bay offensive. Yep. Coordinator for Tampa. And it was like cool. Okay. They spend money on the O line. Yep. 150. They drafted a receiver. They traded for Deontay Johnson. They drafted Legette, they added Clowny, which feels like a trade piece in week seven. Clowny for Burns, basically. Yeah. They lost burns. They lost Lubo. And you made the key point.


They, the Bryce trade just depleted their picks. Yeah. They took all this draft capital and it just moved to Bryce Young. A guy that we don't even know if his season starting quarterback or not. This is a historically bad team. They've averaged five wins the last six seasons. And they're paying three coaches. They're paying three coaches. And they saved the bears. The bears were right. The nobody was more bummed out than Bears fans. They single handedly rejuvenated entire city. And the, and for Bryce Young, I mean he was sacked you, you said they spent a lot of money on offense. 65 sacks last year. Yeah. And a 33 quarterback rating. I just don't, I don't see it for them. They have zero prime time games. No one's expecting anything. Yeah. This Jonathan Brooks is already little banged up there.


The running back from Texas. I wonder if that's the wonk game for week one though. Caroline? At New Orleans. At New Orleans. Yeah. And it's like Carr pick six. Right. Shot at Dennis Allen announcers talking about, well you know Derek, Derek Carr. Not exactly Mr. Popularity around here. Right. But his teammates like him Hot seat. Yeah. Hot seat car. Yeah. And then Dennis Allen split screen to the two of them on the sidelines. Bryce Young, some Fever Carolinas one. Oh. And then they don't win again for a month. Yeah. I mean that's the thing. Like how do you go over five and a half when they're not gonna be favored in any game? Are they fighting for maybe home for Arizona? Maybe they're favored.


Anyone who thinks they're gonna win six games is a lunatic. Okay. if you, if you don't think they're gonna win six. No, no. Like that's like I got 'em under. Yeah. Somebody's saying, you know who I think could win Go six 11 Carolina. No. It's like why don't go against us? What's our record when we agree. Yeah. That so great. 25 and 12. They traded DJ Moore, the ninth pick, last year's draft. Jalen Carter, the 61st pick of last year's draft. Caleb Williams. Ugh. And a 20, 25 second for Bryce. That is just a catastrophe. It's so bad. It's a tough branch. It's right there. I no, with the Vikings four unders. I also, in my rankings, I only had them with two chip guys.


Brown and Derek Brown horn. It's like a pink chipper. Yeah. So there you go. The NFC south, I'm going under across the board. 24 wins Sal. So nobody has to win the division. You have the Falcons winning now, right? I maybe eight, nine. They might Milton bur and be like, ah, we only need eight wins for this. It's so crazy. Yeah. Yeah. But you're right. Wait on them because they might have a bad record after the first three. I have an interesting prop. Fandel is all over this stuff, I have to say. And it's not just because they pay us in flavored Seltzer, LaCroix, Chris Lindstrom, first team all pro guard plus 2 35. They have all pro odd.


What? Look at these. What the hell? You're gonna love it. You gonna love this? All bits all pro. First team. Just like Christmas. Go get it. Simmons. What? What were the, who are the receivers? I have to look now, but I mean Tyreek. I don't think that, I think you're making this up. You're just make that of this make up. No, no, it's there if you are. Eh, you're making this up. What? It was there. Yesterday's. What state are you in? No, you You met me yesterday in state of California. No, no. What state are you looking at? What is it? I always do Massachusetts so I can see my bets that I made. Massachusetts. Yeah. Wait a minute. I'm not an idiot. Alright. I believe you. I did. I swear.


I believe you. Okay. We don't have to argue about it. Yeah. My favorite prop is, God, so many for this division. Now I, man I can't find this. This is a bummer. Oh man, I, my favorite prop is the one I'm gonna make FanDuel crate the over under of wins for this division. And I'm gonna make them boost it and we'll go under, we'll just bet all four under. Yeah, but that's fine. Yeah. But let's do maybe the over under is even higher than I thought. Maybe it's like 20 maybe Maybe they'll make it 31 and a half for the division. No, well, so it's do it all under, let's add. So it's five and a half. It's seven. I did that already. It added up to 31. Okay. Sorry. 20.


Yeah. I don't think it did. Did it? Did it. Seven and a half, five and a half. 17. Yeah. Okay. Alright. People get to us. Do math. I like it. Two middle aged guys do math. I'm not math here in the BS podcast. I'm math. I'm not narrative. I'm not math, but I know the Cowboys winning division. We're take a break and do the NFC West


This episode is brought to by SimpliSafe. As a father, I know how important it's to make sure you're keeping your kids safe. It always feels like you could always be doing more. Right. Well here's a parenting tip. Get a SimpliSafe home security system. It's a great way to make sure your family has the protection they need even if you're not there. We have one our house and we love it. It's a summer we just went away. When you're away, you wanna know that all hell isn't breaking loose in your house. And that's where SimpliSafe comes in. If you're in trust, anyone with the safety of your loved ones, trust is SimpliSafe. They've been named Best Home Security Systems by US News and World Report for five years running right now. You can get an exclusive 50% discount on a new system plus a free indoor security camera with Fast Protect monitoring. Just visit SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. This offer is for a limited time only. So order today. Once again SimpliSafe with two is SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. There's no safe like SimpliSafe


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA Michelob al ULTRA. good for many things. Camping barbecues cheering on your favorite team. Hanging out on a nice summer night, which I just did actually on Friday night. Just sitting outside just having a beer And. guess what? Michelob. ULTRA because they sent me a bunch of Michelob ULTRA and it's really good And. there were only a couple left and I was mad 'cause every time we put it in the fridge, somebody drinks it. But it was delicious. Be sure to stock up for the summer. Enjoy Michelob. ULTRA Superior Light Beer. Order a pack of Michelob ULTRA today. Have it delivered through doordash.com. LDA 21 and up.


Alright. The NFC West, we did the least wins last five years by division here. The most last year. A FC North 43 year before NFC East 43 NFC West 40 A FC North 38 NFC West 38. So last two years, 43. This is my number one division. I like all the teams in it. Yeah, I think there's gonna be wins coming out of it. And you like the take your team out of it if you can only watch games from any division. Well we have an attachment to this division because we, they just fuck us over and over again with the schedule. It's just a fucked job. We detachment. Yeah, we, we 11 early games and two late games. So it's like All right.


Arizona and the Ramps. Right, right, right. So I guess I'm gonna study every play of this but, but I do feel like we watch a lot of this and I enjoy every team in this division, don't you? I do. I think I'd go a FC North though if I had to not watch The Cowboys and just watch every Yeah. But the FC North has Deshaun and I don't wanna watch Cleveland. I just don't wanna watch Cleveland's offense. Okay. And I'm, and I'm not sure I wanna watch Pittsburgh's offense either, even though their defense. So, alright, we're gonna start with San Francisco. They're over as 11 and a half plus 1 26. They're begging you to try to go 12 wins for them. Minus 1 58. if you wanna go under, they're minus one 90 for the division. They are one seed plus four 90 best record 9 0 1.


if you wanna get super crazy and go alt under eight and a half, say they're gonna have a losing record for the year. That's plus 360 if you wanna go the other way instead they're gonna win 13 games or more. That's plus 2 35. Last year they were 12 and five, they won two playoff games and then lost in the Super Bowl in overtime. And the Super Bowl hangover is real Sal, I believe it. I'm under me too. And it's really Super Bowl hangover. IU cold out McCaffrey heard already. Trent Williams hold out stolen and that, that's And Deebo who really hasn't been like a super duper impact guy in two years. Yeah. And pretty weird. Pretty with some weird preseason stuff already.


And some picks and some And I don't like they need too many. I don't like the vibe guys to be good to be, to get to where they are. I know that wasn't eloquent at all. No, I know Sine they lose Chase Young, they lose Eric Armstead, they lose Eric Kendricks Ja Kin Law Joseph Day. But I think that calf injury is a real thing from McCaffery. I'm staying away from him in any fantasy league. I'm not just saying that. So that people under bid. I and yeah you're right. As you know, calfs and hamstrings are terrifying. Yeah, no good. And and 'cause it seems like they're coming back and they just don't for another month. And TR Williams just seems to always hold out. And so this is a, this is an issue for them. They have one of the worst rest schedules I think in the week 21. Get that number one. One. Yep. Yeah, I read that down.


And who's coming back but not, might not be a hundred percent probably till like week five, week six, green loss coming back. But they face all three teams. They met in the postseason. I think 12 is a lot. You know you got two division losses. You got KC Dallas, Rams, Buffalo, Chicago, Miami, Detroit. Not a bad team I don't think. Yeah. But 1112 is too many the reasons to get excited I guess. Or they beefed up their pass rush a little bit. But that's really it. It's the same team as last year with, with a lot of salary cap decisions and probably the last year with the Purdy rookie contract and being able to have that advantage. You know it's interesting if they lose that Jets game on Monday night in week one, which that line's dropped now it's plus four and I was mad I didn't embed it at plus four and a half.


But I think the Jets can go in there and win. Especially with all this weird stuff with the Niners. Yeah. At Minnesota Week two and then at the Rams week three, like there is like, they could start out one and two and people wondering what's going on, but then they get the Pats home, Arizona home. Yeah. There's a little bit of relief in there. A little bit. Little bit later at Seattle home KC Home Dallas week 6, 7, 8 And then, and then it gets hard again in the week. Week 11. Week 12 range. Yeah. Two Thursday, two Sunday, two Monday night games. You didn't mention this. Brandon Staley is the assistant head coach now. Did I make you laugh? I make you laugh. He's back.


He is back. I did forget to mention that. Yeah, they, they're another one that gets super weird at the end of the year where they have like the Sunday night game, the Thursday game, the Monday night game. Like, you know, and and they also had that big bullseye week after week combined with the Super Bowl hangover. I hate their road games. You just go on down the line. They're just playing some really good offenses on the road. Right. They're at Miami, they're at Arizona, they're at Buffalo, they're at Green Bay. Even at Tampa, Seattle to throw at the Rams. Minnesota's the only bad road offense they're gonna have. Their defense also was weird. They were like third in the league in points against with 17.


But they were terrible on third down. They couldn't run. We never couldn't run. We always talked about that last year. Yeah. We always thought their defense was suspect. Yeah. And Detroit should have beaten them. Right. And then Casey was able to move the ball on them whenever they wanted. I had them in my player rankings. They were second, they were 38 points. And they have good players all over the place. Studs all over the place. And a great coaching staff should have a good pass rush. But, but we're Floyd this year. The McCaffrey thing is terrifying. Yeah. And I don't know where he goes in fantasy drafts and I don't know how he affects that over, but it has to be worth two wins. So, all right. We're both under on them but I still think they're probably 10 or 11 wins. Yeah. Like, like we don't think they're worse than 10 or seven.


I I don't think they could be terrible. Just, just just by the name recognition. If these guys stay healthy LA Rams over eight and a half juice on that minus 1 52. I think people just like betting overs. Yeah. Division plus three 30. A little tasty. If you're really excited about San Francisco not being that great playoffs minus 1 0 5 you can go 11 plus wins plus 2 25. They were 10 and seven last year and barely lost to Detroit in a game. They easily could have won. Yeah. 24 to 23 they they signed a much better batch of defensive backs. They spent money on their offensive line but their left tackles out for at least week one.


Yeah. Jackson. They lost Raheem Morris as defensive coordinator. And then what was the name of that guy they had who was the best defensive frontline guy of all time? What was his name? Aaron. Aaron. Aaron. Aaron Rogers. Aaron. No was Aaron. Aaron Carter. Aaron Donald. Oh yeah, they lost that guy. Yeah. Yeah it's gone. He's not on the team. No. And they're like, like now we're gonna place him. We have some young guys. Yeah. But it's like ah. So that was my hesitation with them and their schedule's really hard and they play a bunch of awesome offenses but I still have it. Overal, I think they get to 10 wins. Coaching quarterback, skill players, receivers.


I'm with it. It is tough to bet against McVay. It really is. I thought they were gonna be one of the worst teams last year and they always seemed to have a rookie jump out. Now hook Nacu is little bang up banged. Yeah. Stafford too. Stafford. That was my case last year. I was like, this guy's got like spine surgery and everything. Yeah. But if he makes it, you know you got your boy Jimmy G as the backup. But you mentioned Jonah Jackson's out but he gets the most out of his players McVay and I do have them to win the division. And what'd you say? Plus three 30. Yeah. So do you wait a week on that? 'cause they're at Detroit week one. So Maybe you wait a week and then grab it. Yeah, it could weigh but then the Niners at the jet jets too. Right? The Niners lose, it might move anyway. It's tough. So yeah. Yeah. Michael Flores a new OC Kula is a new defensive coordinator.


I I just, I'm a McVeigh guy now. It was really, really tough. Me, me too. Last year was so inspiring and it was, it was just give him like six or seven good players and somewhat of a pass rush and just be able to block a little bit. Yeah, he's fine. And one of these rookies, like I said, always seems to step up. Yeah. Jared versus the Florida State. The defensive end. I think that's my defensive rookie of the year pick. Ooh, I like it. Yeah. So I'm definitely over for them. I'm intrigued by the 11 plus wins plus T 25. But the ju the juice isn't great enough but I love the playoffs bet. The playoffs minus 1 0 5 bet. Yeah. And I was trying to knock out three playoff teams because you know, I tried to knock out the three in the A FC, the three in the NFC.


So in the A FCI knocked out Cleveland, Buffalo and Miami. Those are my three. And then in the, in the NFCI knocked out Tampa and I knocked out Dallas and I was gonna knock out the Rams as my third one because I didn't wanna knock out. No, don't do that. Detroit, San Francisco. Philly, Atlanta, green Bay. I was like, I got somebody's gotta, it's got, I guess it has to. And then I was like, you know what, fuck it. So I only, I only knocked out two. Yeah, that's what I did. Yeah I did. I don't feel good about it. 'cause I know there's gonna be three but I'm not gonna overreact and just, it's fine. Bump the race you went under an all four NFC South. Nothing matters really anymore. That was great. That's gonna be remembered as one of the great Nick Wright is gonna be in awe of that.


I can't wait. I can't wait for Nick Wright's feedback. I, I really like this next team. The Seattle Seahawks man I couldn't get, they're over seven and a half. They're plus 1 72 to make the playoffs. They're plus two 10 for 10 plus wins seven one for the division. And I have this as a healthy over. Hmm. I think at least nine And I, I'm not opposed to the 10, the plus two 10. I really like this team. Easy schedule. First couple weeks they go Denver at the Pat's home Miami and that could be a three and oh coming outta the gates New coach theory kicking in full throttle with Mike McDonald who I thought did an awesome job with Baltimore last year.


Right. I, you know, we're just watching on the couch. I I never tried to go completely overboard with the coordinators unless it's like a Lou Amarillo that Cincinnati year. Right. But like the stuff that we're doing with Baltimore with all the injuries they had was nuts. Yeah. So he's going from P Carroll to him. They also have the three receivers I think have to be in the running for best three receiver combo. And then they lucked out with that 16th pick. They got Murphy to just put in the front of the line 'cause everybody was taking offense and this guy just falls from basically eight spots. This guy you can put right in. It was exactly what they needed. Plus you think last year where they had JSN and they had Witherspoon two first round picks that are now in year two.


Yeah. I just think they have a lot of talent. I like the team. I couldn't figure out how they got worse. I have the better and worse and I was like how did this team get worse? Just seems like they're plus healthy Kenneth Walker. A lot of people are in on like he might be awesome this year. I don't love, I don't have a strong feeling on this. I did go under really under, I have a hot take here. I think Pete Carroll was a very good coach. Hmm. I watched Russell Wilson. They won all those years with him towards the end. Even last year a little fraudulent. They were nine and eight but got the most of like they had a minus 38 point differential at nine and eight. So like just kind of like figured out like this Mike MCC McDonald might be good but I don't know.


They were 31st and third down defense. They got a ways to go. They have five of the last eight on the road I think. But that was the problem with p Carroll last year. I think the defense, he just couldn't crack the defense anymore. And that used to be like his specialty. Are we not looking at backup quarterbacks enough? Like there were 66 quarterbacks last year. Wow. And now he got Sam Howell and Gino's already got a little bit of a hip injury. Sam Howell threw for almost 4,000 yards last year. What college is he? Pros. Do you know that? I know. I know. It was nuts. That's like one of my favorite stat last year. I just think they took a little step back but okay. I'm not crazy about it over for them. And then I have, Arizona is our last team in the conference or division and I'm over for them too.


Really? Yeah. Hmm. I did the four runners in the NFC South and the four overs in the, or three of four overs in the NFC West over a seven and a half plus 1 24. There's juice on that worst record. There's 16 and one. They're four and 13 last year and had a nice feel good end of the year stretch offense is gonna be super duper duper fun. Kyler Murray healthy full season for him. Marvin Harrison the, I would say the most anticipated rookie receiver in 20 years from where he's being drafted in fantasy leagues. Do you see that stat? Yeah. And the ESPN drafts. He's the highest rookie ever drafted. I think Heifetz brought up a good point. Is it gonna be better than Puka Nku?


Is it gonna break the records? That sounds great. Maybe he'll be even better than that. And that would have to break records. They beefed up their D-line, including with first rounder Darius Robinson. They beat up their O line year two of of Jonathan Gannon. You know what I was thinking? Well you go in Arizona, why are you against them? I just think it's way high. I don't know. Think they're going from four to eight and I look, just look at this schedule. Like I think they could lose five out of the first six. They start at Buffalo Rams, Detroit, Washington at San Francisco, AK Green Bay. So you're confident in them going, I mean what are they gonna get outta that two and four? That feels like two and four and then they have to get six and I can't do six and four the rest of the way.


Six and six. I don't, I don't know. I don't think they're getting there. I they were such a weird team. They were four and 13 but they beat the Cowboys figure, Eagle figure. They'll split the Rams games 'cause they always do. All right. They'll win in Carolina and beat the pets. So that's three. They'll win one of those home games against Chicago and the Jets. I just think that they're probably, by the way, the other thing with the NFC this year, we should have mentioned this earlier. Yeah. Is the NFC has the extra home game. Right? So they have the nine home games. Yeah. So can they go five and four at home and then Yeah, maybe steal, they just have to steal three road games. One of the weird things is like people pretend De Deshaun didn't play last year.


I told you he was five and one. Murray was three and five last year. He played half the season. You know, so I don't know. Maybe they're better. They did get better at certain positions, but they have back to back road games three times this year. I don't, don't feel super strongly about it but I, I feel like they can get eight on. Right. I liked what I saw down the stretch last year and I do think they have, they have, I really like their offense and we didn't mention James Connor. I think their offense is gonna be hard to play. Yeah, that'll be fun. Usually. Usually those teams. But if you think like how many bad teams are in the NFC? Right. The entire NFC, South, Minnesota, possibly Chicago. If things don't work very well, Washington and the Giants maybe Washington.


Definitely the Giants that's half of the conference. Oh yeah, right. So. it was Arizona and none of these quarterbacks have gotten hurt yet. So yeah, you're right. I just don't like that stretch, that first stretch. So what's your favorite prop? I'm going Fred Warner over one and a half Interceptions. Interceptions are lucky but he had four last year plus 1 26 gets his big mitts up there. Seems to corral on every three or four weeks. So I, I mean what page of FanDuel was that on? Like page 7 million. Gotta look deep man. You gotta dig Fred Warn. I didn't realize where you're going that deep. Jesus. I mean Ram's, the win of division I think is maybe my weirdest of all plus three 30.


Yeah. I will say, and I don't even know if I'm gonna bet it, but I would say the Rams division odds are probably the juiciest odds. But my favorite is the, the like the juiciest division odds of any division we've done. Yeah. We're just like them being plus three 30 just seems too high. But I think playoffs minus 1 0 5 is my favorite. Rams for Rams. Yeah, Rams for the playoffs. There's just not enough teams. So I have for the, for the playoffs in the NFC, Detroit, San Francisco, Philadelphia, Atlanta is the four seed. Just put Atlanta in the four seed now. Yeah. Just put 'em in concrete. And then I have Green Bay, the Rams in Seattle as my three wild card tanks.


And I have your team out. I have Washington Green Bay. So you 49 ERs as the wildcards. Okay, so you have Washington in the Seattle spot basically. Yeah. Okay. All right. What else did we leave out anything? I mean we lo left out a lot but we're doing, we're gonna save it for Yeah. So we're doing Sunday. We're new Guest Alliance. We're gonna do all of our favorite NFL futures.


Don't forget we've put a bunch of those futures now on Fandel. What is that? What's that thing called? Futures Fusion. Futures. Fusion Futures Fusion. Yeah. But out of everything, I got so drunk last night at Futures Fusion we were doing fireball shots. Bill was slumped over again at Futures Fusion. Supposed I had to do an Irish goodbye at FU Futures Fusion last night. Wait a minute. I'm trying to order an Uber to Futures Fusion. It's not popping up. They w they woke up. Come on. Yeah. All right. That's it. Thanks to Kyle Crichton for producing. Thanks Steve sir as well. Jack Wilson Ga. How we are gonna be back on Sunday with, with Guest Alliance. I already sent you my guesses. 39. Yes. Yeah's our 18th season plus our favorite futures. And then football season is a Pilots the best time of the year Sam. Good job by us. Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus and President DC Gambling problem. Call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or Text Hope NY in New York.