
You're listening and watching The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel our friends America's number one sports book. And they've made it easier than ever to get in on the action during an NBA playoff game, even after Tip off, just look for the live SGP tab on the FanDuel sportsbook app and build your own bet slip and sit back, relax, track the outcome of your parlay right in the app. And if You don't already have it, download the FanDuel app today to make every moment more The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available. And listen to the end of episode for additional details. Must be 21 plus President Select states game problem called One GAMBLER. Visit RG help com Coming up a ton of basketball, a whiff of UFCA, whiff of Giannis Trades Action Pack Pod. Next.


This episode is presented by State Farm on the basketball court. The best players know when to pass an off the court. You still need teammates who are there when accounts. That's where State Farm comes in with agents to help you find coverage that's right for you. You can focus on what really matters, whether that's hitting game winners or just getting through the day Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm coverage Options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network where I put up a new rewatch balls for you on Monday night. We did close Encounters of the Third Kind as part of Big S seventies week. It couldn't have gone better. I had a great time. You can watch on The Ringer Moves YouTube channel. You can watch it as a video podcast on Spotify or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey, on FanDuel, on FanDuel Sportsbook, I am going to be doing another episode of Tail or Fade, which I have won. It lasts two weeks in a row. We're gonna be doing Carl Anthony Towns under 24 and a half points, and you get a little 50% profit boost on that. All kinds of good stuff. So go check out FanDuel Sportsbook on Wednesday Coming up on this podcast.


Gonna talk to Zach Lowe about Game one OKC Minnesota at the top. Gonna talk to Ro Ani and Sean Fennessey. Two long suffering Knicks fans who always come on this podcast to talk about the Knicks when things are going bad. So I thought it was only fair to bring them on when things are going good, but we had to balance that out with, with a guy whose team is going. Ben Ben Thompson, who is gonna yell at me about my Yana Moby trade idea and tell me where Yana should actually go. So we got a lots going on in this podcast, wanted to say, all right, Peter George went, who played nor Peterson on Cheers and did a whole bunch of other good stuff too. He was a great SNO host. He was in a bunch of movies, but nor became, I think a big part of his legacy.


Cheers was one of my favorite shows ever. I I was, it was almost ready to say it was my favorite show ever. But I don't even know now that I'm older. It's hard, really hard to have a favorite show ever. But you definitely have that top top list of most favorites, most, most shows you love the most. And I love Cheers so much. And I just thought, norm, when you talk about like the great supporting characters, which I think is a little different than a star of a show, you know, like you think Seinfeld, Seinfeld was the star of Seinfeld, but I think George and Elaine were also stars. And then Kramer was like the, at least for the first few years, like the kind of supporting character sidekick and he was awesome.


But there's, it's so hard to pull that off to thread the needle when you're not like one of the biggest stars of the show. But you're still awesome. And Norm is like, I think the number one example of it, there's some other one everybody has. If you're, it's generational, you know, the shows you like, for me it's the shows that I grew up watching in the seventies and the eighties. You're always gonna lean toward those. And if somebody's younger than me, maybe it's the nineties or two thousands if they're older than me, maybe it's the fifties, sixties. But for me it was like Norm and Stanley Roper and Vinny Barberino, there was all these, all these supporting characters who just would crush it every time they came on television. And Norm was the best and Norm was so good that there's long YouTube entrances of just all the times.


He would walk into the bar and have some joke off of Sam staying. And then I thought it was notable that in the final episode, which is still the most watched TV show, I think of It lasts 40 years. It's like 80 million people watched it, It lasts. Two minutes of the show are Norm and Sam closing down the bar for that night. And Norm has a poignant comment and he walks off and there's a reason they did it that way. So when I think of the best character guys in 30 minute shows and it's him, it's, it's not a long list. It really isn't. Mr. Roper from Threes company, I always love people that just, every time they're in a scene, they owned it.


And that's happening less or less now when I know like everybody loves Raymond. I wasn't a, wasn't like a religious watcher at that show, but Brad Garrett's character I think was always like that. It's really, it's a hard needle to thread where you just come in and you kill it every time. But I really thought he was just amazing. So anyway, I was sad. Today he died at 76, 1 of one of one of my favorite TV supporting actors and gave us one of the great characters we've we've ever had in a sitcom. Anyway, RIP to him. All right, Coming up, we're gonna talk to Zach Lowe and let's bring in our friends from Pearl Jam.


It is eight 13 Pacific Time. Zach Lowe stayed up late tonight. I was kind of deep down hoping we were going to get a really fun Timberwolves OKC game one. And then for about a quarter and a half it felt like we were heading that way. And then OKC does the thing that they do from time to time where their defense just shifts it shapeshifters, they just turn it up a different way and then all of a sudden the game's over and you're like, what happened? How is this an 18 point game? It was just, they were just up by two a second ago and that was it. So I don't know, you take anything away from this or is it just typical game one? Well, first of all, the wolves were ahead by four points. Halfway through the third quarter.


Mike Conley had a little, had a little flurry, little flurry. Mike Conley hit a three. It was 60 to 56 with 7 22 left. But look, I said this before the series, I picked Thunder in six, don't feel any better. I guess I have to feel slightly better about that pick. But the bottom line is this, the most consistent unit, let's call it left in the playoffs, is Oklahoma City's defense every single night. They're gonna be an absolute bear to score on them. No one has really found an answer at any point of the season. Denver did pretty well against him in the regular season. Spoiler alert, that did not last into the playoffs. Even with the best player in the world. Yeah, Trying every trick he has and they just reach a frenzy.


And you know, like Julius Randall posting up, it's just like, watch out. Like where's it, where's the help? Is there any help coming from, is Lou Dork gonna pull the chair? Where are the arms? There are just arms everywhere. And you know, look, 17 turnovers doesn't sound that bad for Minnesota. I mean, it's not great, but it doesn't sound that bad. 13 of those were steals and that plus a free throw margin that is even and or slightly an edge to whole Oklahoma City is just, the wolves are dead on arrival against this defense. If those stats trend that way, Yeah, it felt like this was the game about 30, 40 minutes in, it's like, all right, they're gonna get this one if they're gonna get a game right, everything's going well.


Randall's playing out of his ass. And OKC looked nervous and OKC looked a little tired from maybe that seven gamer. And it was interesting when Ken Rich Williams came in, Love it. Kenny Hussle baby. Unbelievable. Like would he have been the fifth best nugget? Where do you have him ranked on nuggets? Could he played 35 minutes a game for the Nuggets? He's, he was plus 19 and nine minutes made every shot that he took. Unbelievable. Yeah. So when he did that, I'm like, is this a tactical move or did he extend the bench today because he was worried his team was a little worn out or what's going on? And did he lose faith in Caruso all of a sudden? No. And then Caruso came in and played, played one of the great stretches he's had in the playoffs.


And that was that answered that question. Yeah. Caruso was making threes guarding Randall as I think one, I think everyone was reminded that Oh yeah, he's gonna guard Randall when he guarded Yoic at the end of the series. And Ken Rich Williams, he's like a beloved guy there, you know? Yeah. For years they've been saying he's gonna be Nick Collison 2.0 for us. He's just gonna be a lifer here. We love him. He is about all the right things. Hadn't really done much in the playoffs, in the real playoffs. I'm not gonna count the Memphis series. It's a cool moment. He may not do much from here on out, but that's a big, that was a big stretch of basketball for him. It was a cool moment. It was. He had a big three too. So the things I was worried about heading into this game, what are we getting from Mike Conley who's old going against this gauntlet?


You called on Sunday's pod or Monday's pod, you said you thought OKCs defense is now going way up there. I wanna see it for four rounds. 'cause I I, I, I'm still licking my wounds from jumping the gun with Minnesota last year when they look good in round two and all of a sudden I was comparing them to the 89 Pistons. So I'm just, I have the training wheels on for all defense takes in these playoffs, but I, you know, the bones are there. I think what makes them special is, is the different looks and how they can do the big and small. How they can put like a, we're just gonna try to get a lot of steels line up. They, they have looks like a football team that I don't really remember seeing. I guess the, the, you know, you go back to the 89 pistons and teams of that ilk that could kind of change their look depending on what you had, they're on pace.


But what they did today is they do it over and over again. They just go on these runs and they're defense fueled, which is so unusual in the, in the league, right. The, the runs that we usually have in the league are threes and or somebody getting hot. This team can have runs based on steals and pressure and picking up guys at half court. That one's sequence. I know, you know what I'm about to say? When Edwards was bringing the ball up and Caruso kind of jumped on him and then he almost lost, he almost fell over for a back court just because of the pressure and then got it back and then just like launched a terrible three. Nobody else is doing that in the league. And I think that's what makes them special is they just throw things defensively.


They're like, I've not seen that anywhere. Yeah, They have, they have a couple every game where it's just, oh, the, the guy just either fell over along the sideline under pressure bringing the ball up or dribbled the ball off his foot, or I don't quite know what happened. I have to watch the replay to see what went haywire here. But you mentioned different looks and you know, I was talking about this before the series we saw, I, I said it's gonna be a safer series to play Chet as the only big guy on the floor. They were afraid to do it against Denver very much. Yeah. And they did it a lot today. Hartenstein only played 20 minutes and Chet was awesome. I mean it doesn't jump off the stat sheet, you know, 15 7 3. I just thought he made the kind of plays he needs to make on offense for them to win the championship to, for them to win 16 playoff games, gonna have to hit some threes.


He had just won, but he was one of one some tough twos, some good takes around the basket and just he's, they have him guarding either McDaniel's or a little bit Gobert. Never Julius Randall. They were like, we are, we're just keeping you away from that matchup. He's gonna bulldoze you And he's gonna Yeah, we're saving your sternum and your ribs. Yeah, he's, we're gonna make you, we're gonna preserve you as a help defender line. And he's just everywhere. Like there was that one play where he had, he switched on to di Vincenzo in the right corner because the wolves kind of moved around their offense a little bit and di Vincenzo iss like, cool, I'll just drive baseline and see what happens. And what happens is Chet's like you're just gonna to eat the basketball for dinner. Yeah. How's that? How's that feel? He was, he was awesome. And then we saw them close the game. I mean the game was already kind of closed but with no bigs on the floor, they went to their sort of all wing, all guard switch everything.


Good luck figuring this thing out lineup. And you know, they have a little bit more lineup flexibility I think in this series than they did against Denver. And look, Minnesota had 88 points, 88 points. And I think we, I guess we gotta talk about the threes, right? 15 of 51. Well they took 50 threes, 88 points is never a good ratio. Hard to win in the NBA in 2025 when the other team takes 30 more threes than you and yet they won running away and I'm the tracking data nerves are already flagging it. They're already awaiting the second spectrum data tomorrow. And did Minnesota underperform their expected shot variation by, was this just a shot luck game?


And I'll be interested to see what that data actually says because they miss some good ones. But man, they make you take, first of all, no defense is better at helping making you think you're open and then flying back at you Yeah. While another guy stunts at you. So at least there's like stuff happening in your line of sight. And by the way, the guy flying at me has gigantic arms and he is really fast and he is like 23 years old. And at the peak of his, his athleticism and a lot of them watching in real time and we're doing this right after the game, I haven't gone back and rewatched them yet. They felt like long threes and a lot like early in the shot clock threes. And even the ones that are decent and 29 feet early in the shot clock are long and have the feel of like, well I better shoot this one now 'cause it's pretty good and we, we ain't getting anything better than this.


I'm letting it fly. And you know, I, I thought for the most part, a lot of those threes were like decently contested and for a lot of this game it was Minnesota missing tough threes in Oklahoma City, missing tough twos. And I think what should scare Minnesota a little bit is Oklahoma City started getting easier twos and making more of the twos as the game went on. Right. Well if you're Minnesota, the one thing you're gonna come outta the game is we have to get a better whistle on these SGA calls. Oh, they were furious the whole game. I mean, they were fur, they were furious going into the game, which is always kind of a bad sign if you're already like on edge about it. It's, it's like you're, you, it feels like your mind, you just gotta chill out a little bit except that it's gonna be bad.


But yeah, though I'm sure some clips will be sent to the league office between games one and two. Deservedly. Look, I, you know, I tweeted this in real time and I never tweet during games usually, but I just thought Shea and I don't, I don't care. I didn't, I didn't bet on the game. I didn't really care who won. I just hope we have a long fun series. But I feel like Shea is getting this whistle that nobody else in the playoffs is getting where the, there's these little touch fouls or these bumps where you're not even sure who initiated the bumps and he's just getting it. And I think with Minnesota you can see this, you saw it in the Laker series, you saw in It lasts series. McDaniels can just have four or five fouls immediately and You don't even know what happened and when, when he has fouls, I think Minnesota's a different team because he's kind of, he's their swing guy.


Every team has a swing guy. I feel like he's their swing guy. And once you put foul trump on him and he's not as, not as aggressive, it's then it comes down to like his ant or you know, are the threes gonna go in or is zinc gonna go nuts? The bench guys were also really bad. And there's a, there's officially a Nas Reed storyline that's developed where he's been bad for three weeks now, where he hasn't looked like this guy. Like when they, when they really got hot, when Randall was out, I think it was like February range and he was like 20 to 25 a night and you know, seven, eight rebounds a game and was like really impactful. I don't think he's figured out how to impact the team now that Randall is looking like Randall.


And today he was one for 11 obviously is about as bad as it's gonna get. But you do that Alexander Walker's three for 11 and, and Dante was three for 14. They're not really built to survive three shit bench games, right? Yeah. On the Road. Five, five of 28 on threes combined for those three guys, first of all, 28 threes for three bench guys. That's almost an accomplishment in and of itself. Yeah. Like you're almost having three bench guys take 10 threes apiece. And you said that about non Three even, even Missoula's, like, I don't know, that's a lot. I thought, I thought Missoula would be like in, in like the jungles of the Amazon by now. Like he Probably is, he doesn't have cable right now.


He has no cable, no streaming right now. You know, you said that about Nare and it seemed like a little unfair to me 'cause I I, in my head, I mean it's like been a while since the wolves played in my head I'm like, he's had some pretty good games and I'm looking back, last three games against Golden State. All single digits. First two he had 30 combined and then two single digit games against the Lakers. A really good game one, which maybe is the one that's sticking in my head, but since then, very quiet, very quiet and it win or lose this series and whatever. Obviously Minnesota and their new ownership is gonna have some big financial decisions to make and he's a big one. Hmm. I didn't realize we were going there already. No, We're not, we're not.


I'm Saying Well There's no, you, you brought it Up. There's no free agents but there's also no calf space. So, and he's, and he's such a legend there and deservedly so like the, the just people just screaming Nas Reed. Yeah. In the streets and holding the Nas Reed towels. I hope he stays there forever. But look, I, I think Minnesota will work their way into this series, but this game was not a, not the start you were hoping for. Could you come out of this like, oh geez man, this is gonna be tough to score enough against these guys. It exacerbated all the things I was worried about, which is ball handling conley's age, the fact that they don't really have a backup point guard that it seems like Edwards is gonna have to have the ball a lot and I think OKC was ready for that, especially in the second half.


You could see like, oh you're gonna have Edwards bring it up. We're gonna actually make it really difficult for him and OKC with the, especially at home with the ability to snap the snap the switch for four minutes. I'm worried for Minnesota. 'cause I'm trying to think what's the roadmap for them to be awesome in this series when you think how bad OKC played for the first half of this game basically for them and then they still win the game easily. I guess it starts with Edwards who was only 18 points. Typical, like weird feeling it out. He does this sometimes he didn't, there was a Laker game like this too. There was the first game of the Warrior series where it's like this, it's almost like a feel out game, but it lasts the whole game and then the game's over and they lost.


But I would assume he's gonna come out way more aggressive. I, you know, you do have to remind yourself all the time, don't overreact to game one. Even if it e even and maybe especially if it confirms to your expectations about how the series would go. 'cause then your tendency is to really overreact to it. Roadmap number one is hit four more threes if you're gonna take 50 and that, that does a lot of the work for you. But I will Continue. You get to 1920. Yeah, I, I'll continue to say this. Like if they lose the turnover, if they lose the live ball turnover battle like that because Oklahoma City had 12 turnovers, only five of those were steals. So that's, what did I say? 13 steals to five steals. If they lose that battle that badly and they don't win the free throw battle by a significant margin, they're just not gonna win games.


There's just no math that's gonna help them win games with step one is the threes the ant thing, like grade the an what, what grade would you give ant this game? He does have games like this where like he has moments and first of all, I thought For him, for him d plus. Wow. For him not d plus across the board. Yeah. For him, What do you want more of? What did you, what did you see that concerned you? Swagger. I want, I want, yo, we're playing the best team in the league and I'm in their house and I'm stealing this game from them. I didn't feel that at all in this game. Now he did get hurt in the fir in the first half and I don't know if that tweaked whatever was going on and on. Randall also had a huge first half, so maybe you back off, but he's gotta win the swagger battle with this that this you beat OKC by, it's, it sounds stupid and it's the opposite of second spectrum.


And I liked your second spectrum voice that you broke out by the way. The your nerdy second spectrum. Well it's like, you know, I I always tell people like I said it about the Celtics after game game one and game two against the Knicks hang the hang the shock quality championship banner. Congratulations. You had better shock quality. You're, you're down two Oh in the series, you got nothing for that. Yeah, I think for him he's gotta be talking shit. He's gotta feel like he's the a alpha on the court. I didn't feel that at all in this game. Randall ironically was the one that was starting to carry himself that way. And it was interesting to watch OKC swing their, everything they were doing defensively to try to just kind of take him out. I mean the Caruso piece of this, I was thinking how, as you know, I always want more awards because I think we need stuff to commemorate the season well after the fact and be like, oh, that was the season when this happened and this happened and this happened.


If we had a role player of the playoffs award, I feel like Caruso would be like minus 700 on FanDuel to take it at this point. He, to watch somebody guard Randall Edwards and Yoic well in a, in a 48 hour span, who else is doing that? Who else is in the, does it have to be a bench guy? Like is Josh Hart in the conversation? Is Andrew Emhart in the conversation? Yes. Yes. Tho those guys are are other leaders. You know, You have to think of it like it's, it's a movie poster and it can't be somebody who would be one of the two or three faces in the movie poster or in the, like the TNT the when they're doing the commercial for the game.


It would be weird if they were in the game. Like Julius Randall is not eligible. He's Aaron Gordon too, too good for, for, for that. I think he is because if you're doing the Nuggets movie poster, it's the three guys, right? So it'd be Christian Brown in that case would be your Role player. I thinks movie poster is just yoic sitting on the bench looking sad as as the lead is like frit frittered away. They always cut to him. It was the first, it was the Nico Harrison and the crowd cut when anything bad would happen and then it became the yoic on the bench camera Cut when he's looking up and it's like, oh, there's 11 minutes and 10 seconds left in the fourth quarter. I probably can't come back yet. They wanted, they, they told me they wanted me to get to nine minutes.


How did that, oh God Russ just turned the ball over again. Oh now it's 10 50. Let's talk. Can we talk a little more about an Yeah, So like the simplest explanation for why Oklahoma City is, is very difficult to play against is if your aunt and you have the ball at the top of the top of the arc, like what, what direction are you going against this defense? There's no easy mark to go at. I thought at the beginning of the game he was starting to get traction in the go bare pick and roll just like, yep. Like not softest part of the defense but just I can always get a big guy like get Hartenstein up up the floor and like maybe I can get around him or there's a pocket pass to go bear or something.


And then Gobert only ends up playing 20 minutes. They play Chet at center quite a bit when Isaiah Joe was on the floor and really wanted to go at him and they couldn't get that switch. Like the thunder were really good at hedging, recovering and like you take that out of it and it's like, I don't know where to go and you could try Shea but Ant has not really developed like this sort of back to the basket bully ball game that I think he'd like, I mean he and I talked about it three, four years ago in a phone interview. He, he would like to do that and it just hasn't it, it's just a, there's just not a lot of places to pick at. Whereas I thought the thunder gradually we're like Shay was like, okay, particularly when go Bear's off the floor.


I can get someplace against Randall. I can attack Nas Reed's feet in the pick and roll like I got play. It's not great. Like this is a really good defensive team too, but I got things I can do and Ant is still figuring out kind of where he wants to poke at and I think he's gonna have a game where he finds the right, the right places and stuff starts to open up for him. Maybe part of it is like, like he likes to go one-on-one. He's an incredible one-on-one player and he can beat almost anybody one-on-one and he, he had a couple of those in this game. But again, it's like if it's Caseon Wallace or somebody like that, like that's no picnic and they're gonna pick you a lot of the time too. Yeah, Kon Wallace was in there for a little bit and you OKC always has two guys.


You just completely forgot we're on the team and then they're just kicking ass for three straight minutes. I think the thing that OKC seems like they love is if somebody's going straight up one-on-one, almost like the old school one forward and it's like I'm gonna go one-on-one beat a guy and just try to get to the basket, they're like great, please try that. We're we're ready in so many different ways. It seems like you gotta attack them on the sides with angles because I feel like the Celtics fell into the same kind of issues with Tatum when it would go bad when it was always like him 40 feet from the basket straight ahead versus when they would put him on the left or the right and he could kind of veer toward the paint and decide like what to do off the dribble. I always felt like he was better.


Maybe that's what they're gonna have to do with Edwards. And I thought they found something the first half of the go pick and roll and then they just stopped There. There was a play in the second half where I, I don't remember exactly, it was an ant pick and roll maybe with Gobert and he got Cason Wallace on his hip and got him trapped kind of behind him and then snaked it. So he changed directions and it looked like he was gonna have a driving lane to the right and that if Gobert was the screener, let's just say Gobert was gonna seal off everyone on the other side of the floor floor and Caruso just ran in from the right corner o off Alexander Walker and an was like, oh my god, okay I'll kick the ball to Alexander Walker and it in real time. I thought they had switched and then I re-watched it and it was like, no, Caruso just ran all the way back to Alexander Walker contested the three.


So Alexander Walker had to pump, put the ball on the floor for one dribble, rise up for a three and then here comes Cason Wallace coming at me and it was like a decent three. But it's an example of ant just couldn't get a, like an easy feel for, there's a clear path to the rim and I'm taking it and then they're just flying at you and making you take like some decent threes, some bad threes, some just, there's a great, I mean look, it's, it's not breaking news. They're an awesome defensive team. Yeah, Well the problem if you're the other team that's playing whoever the favorite, you kind of have to win game one. I feel like to pull off an upset, the, the thunder were 68 and 14 this season, they're eight and three in the playoffs Now you have to beat them four to six times basically to send them packing and that includes winning, winning at least one game on the road, right?


And, and I guess game seven on the road, just a tall task. I thought this was the game they had to steal, especially OKC definitely seemed tired that first half Randall's playing great. This is the game you probably take. So I don't, I don't really know in terms of tweaks. I feel like it's gonna be easier for OKC to tweak this and use the, you know, It lasts quarter and a half to their advantage.


Hey we worked with FanDuel long hours trying to figure out a great idea for the NBA playoffs and we stumbled into a really good one that we've been doing for, It lasts couple weeks, we've won two weeks in a row. It's called Tail or Fade. I make a prop that I like and you can either back me or you can go against me and it's hit, It lasts two weeks and it's gonna hit again this week 'cause we were going Carl Anthony Towns under 24 and a half points. It's the first under prop that I've done. And by the way, if you think I'm wrong, fade me go the other way. I think he's gonna score 25 points or more. There's a little minus action on this, but when you throw in the 50% profit boost, you win either way. If, if the bet hits. So please go check out FanDuel sports book and you could find the bet. Make sure you do the little Taylor fade prop thingy with it. Get the profit boost. You can apply it to my pick or the other side of the pick and you're off and running. If we win the bet together, go trash talk your friends 'cause they didn't believe in us, I believe in us. We're gonna do this finger.com/bs. That's where you can find, that's where you can download America's number one sports book and make every moment more. You Must be 21 plus in president select states or 18 plus president in DC opt-in required bonus issued as doable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply including any token expiration and max wager amount C terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com gam prom call 100 GAMBLER visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by degree original cool rush deodorant. Remember last year people got really mad when degree changed their cool rush formula. One dude even started a petition. What was up with that guy? Well guess what degree listened. They admitted they messed up. They're bringing back the original cool rush cent and thank God you've gotta love what a brand can own its mistakes and it's in Walmart, target and other stores right now for under $4. Grab some find out why it's been the number one men's anti sprint for It lasts. Put that summers the original degree cool. Rushes back and it smells like victory for all of us.


Are you ready to wrap your head around OKC actually winning the title. I know we, I know they're the favorite all year. I know we've talked about it prepared for it. They were an incredible regular season, but they still seem so young to me when I'm watching it, it just, it just seems like they're gonna win this and it still feels like they have their future ahead of them, which is a really unusual place for a champion to be. You know what I mean? I mean you, you, you, you you caution to be to not, you know, we already talking about Nas Reed's free agency and then you're like, are we we're talking about KCS already won the title. Well there's seven wins away now and it doesn't, I I feel like Denver might have been the best chance to beat them.


Well I even as limited as that team was When they, when they beat Denver and, and it's always hard to go through a, a proven champion with the best player when they beat Denver. They were very clearly like the, the betting the solid favor to win the championship tonight only reinforce that. But there are still seven wins to go and three tough teams and a lot of randomness health stuff. Who knows what could pop up, but yeah man. Right? I picked them to make the finals this year. I thought I picked Boston over Oklahoma City as my, as my, so I'm not surprised and it doesn't feel premature to me in part because, you know, they, they had people kind of like, like LA sometimes talk as if last season's playoff run was so crushingly disappointing and so short, right?


That was a real like new, the New Orleans series in the first round was a walkover, but Dallas was a team that ended up making the finals with two generationally elite ball handlers and a lot of sides and a lot of problems. And like they had to problem solve at a high level. They they failed, they lost a series, but it was a very close series. Easily could have gone seven, easily could have gone the other way. Like that was real playoff experience. And then they I agree, completely agree. Like the Hartenstein Caruso double dip completely changes their team in a lot of different ways and they're, they're, they're ready for this. It sure feels like it. They Denver thing really puts some chest hair on them. And I was talking to some people yesterday about the Denver game.


I don't, obviously they didn't break yo kid. She's incredible. But it was interesting to watch him run outta solutions and I I potted right afterwards with Illa, but I I was still thinking about the game after and when they just weren't able to get him the ball. It's unbelievable For, for long swaths of the game, you know, and, and finally Yoic like he really didn't shoot that much. I think he had 17 points at halftime. He might've finished with 20 I I felt like they broke the nuggets a little bit in that game. I that's another team. It's not just that you're, you know, I have a chance to win the title. You're also leaving wreckage of teams behind.


I don't know what happens to that Denver team going forward or what the moves are or how you fix kind of this nucleus that feels like it's just not gonna be good enough anymore. But that's, that's a piece of it. And it goes back to what something I talked about on Sunday and you've talked about in your pot too, is it feels, there feels like there's some sort of shift this season that we're moving into the ha the second half of the decade literally. And all the teams that mattered the first half of the decade, for the most part are going by the wayside. And now we have this new kind of new crop of teams that are just gonna be in our lives. The question for me is whether Minnesota can stay there with the tax stuff regardless of what happens in this series.


Are they gonna be able to pay Nas Reed? Do they have the pockets to do that? How are they gonna handle Randall if he opts out? Which I think he, there's a chance he might. I mean if, Why wouldn't he that That's all. Well it's all gonna be, I mean he'll know if he, if he opts out, he'll know he's opting out for something better than opting in. I don't want, I still wanna talk about Minnesota counters and what else they can do. I don't wanna be, I don't wanna go this far. This is too, just too far from This is, this is why we're talking it out Offensive rebounding. They, there was a moment where it felt like, oh, they're gonna be able to kind of bully this team on the glass and then it, it faded away.


I think they, yes, I think we gotta see more of that. I was surprised. I think they only played one possession of zone in the whole game and it felt like it was more to protect Jaden McDaniels or maybe Jade McDaniels got taken out right before. I thought that was gonna be something they went to a little bit more, particularly after watching Denver. Kind of trouble them a little bit with the zone. Yeah, I wonder if they're just like, we don't wanna play that card right away in game one. We want to see what our man-to-man defense can do. You know, those are a co a couple of things. They j Gobert, gobert, two points, three rebounds. It's just, it's just gotta be like 12 points, 14 rebounds.


Eight of those rebounds are offensive rebounds. Like if he's gonna play and they're gonna win, it's gotta be something like that. They did something with him, he did the drive down the middle where it seems like He's gonna do A good shot spin and then he just whips it out to the side and I forget which OKC player was like, you're passing it to the corner and just stood there and took the ball in the pass. Do you think Minnesota's like the guys on the bench have like, had training sessions about, okay guys, when Rudy starts to do that, you can't start laughing. You can't like hide you. You, you've gotta just like stare straight And he passes up a two foot layup for a, a kick out to the corner. All right, so you think more go bare Just more Gets point.


Luck has to change, ant goes way more Alpha Shade doesn't get the same calls. McDaniels is able to actually stay in the court and be McDaniels. I think that's the recipe. I still don't know if it's enough. I mean I, I thought thunder and six so I I don't think it's all gonna be enough but that's What I had too. I thought, I thought Minnesota would get two wins somehow. Well it just, I dunno where they're coming from now. Five Just feels for a team that is what, eight and two in the playoffs coming into this and made the conference finals last year. It five just feels like they've earned a little bit more respect than that and seven felt too much. Seven felt like that's, that's too many.


I'm going six So quickly on Randall, I was looking up 'cause I was bored once second game got outta hand. I was looking at Randall's weird career, you know, he's averaging for his career 19 and nine and I looked up how many guys have played 700 plus games in average. 19 and nine. What do you think the number is? Number of players in the history of the NBA 19 and nine 19 points. Nine rebounds a game. That's it. 700 games. 700 games. Yeah. 62, 23. Oh my god. Yeah, that's it. Yo Yoki, bird, Giannis, wilt Elgin pretty, pretty good start.


C Webb, Charles Barkley, Randall Kareem, Carl Malone, Bob Lanier, Tim Duncan, Bob peta, Anthony Davis, I guess nine's A lot. Nine is a lot. Shaq, David Robinson, Hakeem, Walt Bellamy, Bob McAdoo, Patrick Ewing, Elvin Hayes, Spencer Haywood and Moses Malone. That's like an incredible list. Multiple Hall of Famers guys, multiple guys who are in the top 20 all time. And then if you go that same list were 3.5 assist a game that then that list goes down to 10. Are You making a Randall Hall of Fame case right now? Is that what, is that what you're doing? I, I gotta say I did not realize I'd kind of given up on Randall as like a real asset, but I've been so impressed with him in the playoffs that it's making me reeva like did I get something wrong?


Did he get better? Was he this good the whole time? I have Knicks fans in my life. Some of them are like couldn't stand watching him and then others are like, the guy was awesome for us, 24 and 10 every night, four assists, five assists, guy's a worrier. And he, he's just, I don't know how it happened but he is probably the most polarizing guy in the league. Right. For, for the discourse, how far it's gone in different directions. Should we pitch a documentary on the kind of post Kobe pre LeBron Lakers, all of whom become like characters around like one of my Favorite Topics. Randall Randall Dlo, Josh Hart's flying around.


Don't Forget Brooke Lopez. Well I I'm talking about like the young guys, Brandon Ingram. Jordan Clarkson. There's like a Nick Young DeAngelo Russell Subplot in there, IgG azaleas involved. If I said if I said her name right at this, So you're saying the year before Larry Nance Jr. Or just like the young, the youth movement that LeBron kind of came in and was like, yeah, I'm publicly like yeah I'm curious. Like these guys are all interesting and then was like, can we just trade all of 'em immediately? Like one, but Kuzma Kuzma is another one. They're all like these characters scattered across the league now. Lakers fans were so excited about that team. Luke Wal was the coach and there was a moment, there were moments where it was like maybe this could be a team, like maybe this could grow into something like a, like not a great team but like a 49 win team one year or something fun and homegrown and now they're just like a bomb went off and they're just scattered everywhere.


They had the number two pick Lonzo, Lonzo Lonzo's in there. I know I'm about to give you that, that Lonzo was on there. Thomas Bryant, he's in the playoffs right now. KCP Caruso, Jordan Clarkson, Chaing Fry, Josh Hart, Brandon Ingram, Kyle Uzma, Brooke Lopez, Larry Nance, Gary Peyton and Zubo all had minutes on the 2018 Lakers. Now some of them left during the season with trades. But yeah, I, the Caruso piece of it, first of all that he was in the G league nine years ago. That picture of him and Mark Dagal is unbelievable. Them and the G League together. It's just like an unbelievable photo.


But the fact that it just took this long for him to be fully appreciated, like he's being in these playoffs when it probably should have happened in 2020 with all the stuff he was doing then I still love that trade for both teams. I think giddy for Caruso is one of the most fun trades of It lasts five, six years, perfect trade for both teams. All the stuff Caruso is doing on OKC is wasted on a 41 and 41 Bulls team. Like this is where he should be. Good trade. If That, if that like no, I I look, I I didn't like it for the Bulls as much as you did, but I also thought the Bulls got too much flack for that trade. But Caruso is doing this on the highest level of professional basketball.


Yeah. For the Bulls to end up in three years saying, hey, that trade worked out just as well for us. Giddy ISS gonna have to do some of this stuff on like a really high level of basketball and not like, it's cool that you average 28 and eight in March and April when half the east is tanking and like that's cool. I'm not saying it's meaningless like he shot the three well this year, but it's gotta happen with some real stakes at some point. Yeah, I agree with that. And in the East, Hey Bill, like apologies like to to what you know the Boston thing, the Milwaukee thing like, hey could could be next year Bulls could be four, five series next year. You know, who knows? Well that's the case.


Ben Thompson's Coming up later 'cause I had to bring him on to yell at me about my Giannis for Moby trade. What was your take on that trade by the way? Well my first take was the same one that Bobby Marks had, which was, I'm pretty sure like this is way more complicated than that. Just a, it was a theoretical And then my second trade was, I think Cleveland would just reflexively recoil from it because Mobley is seven years or eight years younger or whatever it is. Six and half. Toni seven, six and a half. And and then my third thought was should they, should they just reflexively recoil? Like what is Moby's? And I love Moby. You and you and I both are super high on Mobley. It's probably gonna make second team all NBA and kind of deservedly I think and Defensive player of the year.


Yeah, I just, I just, but Giannis is Giannis and Mitchell y Mitchell Garland Giannis makes more sense than she goon Thompson Giannis or Yeah, like, like but, but I just think in the end I'm a little bit more risk averse trading young for aging. It's the same reason I never got so excited about Durant coming to Boston. But I I think, I think you, if their instinct and I believe that it probably would be is to just like recoil in horror at the idea of trading Im Mobley. I think they need to at least sort of tamp that down and really think it through and what does it look like and what, what is the cost?


At least Boogie Cousins was on some show today saying that he thought Dallas should trade the Cooper flag pick for Durant, which I thought was bold. 'cause he said there Dallas' windows right now I feel like, I feel like you're trying to bait me into, I'm not trying to bait you, I'm just passing along information I Saw Well respectfully disagree with De DeMar. I saw Clips. I I don't think, I mean I Don't you gonna disagree. He's Right about the window and what Nico Harrison has publicly said said about the window. So, which is window, which is why you aim at, at Giannis and not Kevin Durant. I think if you're gonna, if you're gonna do that, and I don't think they should do it either way. I'm keeping flag. Yeah, thanks anyway everybody, thank you.


Thank you for all your offers. I'll be keeping, I'll be keeping flag, I guess. Yeah, even Mobley, I, I just flag's still 18 and he is gonna come in. He's by the way. Yeah, you don't watch college basketball. He's going to be your favorite player. I've watched my, I've done my YouTube and I've watched a couple of Duke games. I got, got far in the tournament. I enjoyed, I enjoyed Duke. He checks a lot of boxes on the Zack scale, I'll tell you that. Yeah. I, I enjoyed Duke's Final four collapse against who did they, who did they collapse against? Auburn. Houston, one of those. Houston. Houston. Auburn. Auburn. Great. Great time. Great time. Yeah. For any red-blooded American, Who did you have in Nick's Pacers outta curiosity? Nixon seven.


Nixon seven. You, you have Pacers in four I assume? No, No, I have either Pacers and six or Nixon seven. I think it's one of those two outcomes. I think he goes at least Six. Any other pick any other, well any other pick than that or I guess Pacers in seven if he think can win on the road. Any pick other like feels too short that, that, that feels like it should be just an awesome, so I'm going to game one tomorrow at the garden. I can, I can't wait. You're Going, I just wanna soak it in. I just want to, I just wanna feel it and hear it and I'll have to be How, How early are you gonna get there? I mean, I'll get there if it's an eight o'clock tip. I, I I I think they'll let us in at five 30, so I'll get there at five 20 and Don't stand next to Windhorse.


These just try to be like, like, or defend Windhorse if anyone comes at him. Like use some, use some karate. I'm, that still made me mad. Well Like look, the Knicks, the Knicks fandom is awesome and I'm, I'm like go off. It's been 25 years. You wanna flood the streets. It's my favorite city in the world. I lived there for 18 years. You wanna go crazy, but like someone, someone tweeted today, like, I don't know where the line is on this kind of stuff. I think that the line is like throwing stuff at people and shoving them and punchy them. There's a, it's pretty easy. You can shout anything you want. Like yeah, like the stuff they did to the Pacers fan that Halliburton is flying out to Indiana. It's like that, that's a pretty, that's a pretty clear line.


Like talk taunt talk your shit, but like, you know, don't hit people or throw stuff at them. We know where the lines are. Well we'll see there. There's, we have some Knicks fans Coming up after you, there's a Jalen Brunson moment lurking right now that, you know, could take on Joe Namath winning the third Super Bowl ever. Proportions. If, if he could actually pull it off, he's eight months away. Did you, did you ever see any version of this with the Knicks where they could actually like win the title? Title? They were pretty massive underdogs in that Celtics series. Did you see it was like the fifth biggest upset of the 21st century in basketball, that series. I mean I've, I've always been higher on this Knicks team and even last season's Knicks team I, I said was the biggest threat to the Celtics in the East.


Even if Philly were healthy, even if Milwaukee had been healthy, I would've thought that I, I just thought Boston was a terrible matchup for them and I was shocked at how I think, you know, you put t on the hot seat before the playoffs and I understood why you did it. I think he deserves a ton of credit for the job he's done this year. Yeah. On both ends of the floor and that series against, against Boston and the way that they stretch their, their scheme and their style into places that were not really familiar for them and part of their a game. I think it was an awesome performance top about, but I was shocked how, how easily they solved their Boston problem. There's been some pretty crazy Celtics losses during this Tatum Brown era.


You know, like Game seven Cleveland 2018 when they missed I think every three they took or it felt like it That Was all gravy though, wasn't it for you? I know, but it was just, it was one I think, I think it's still one of the four worst three point shooting performances in the history of the Playoffs. That was back to back days with the, the Rockets missing. 27. Yeah. That was another one of the worst ones ever. The 2022, that game four when Steph just levitated above the game. The game 7 23 against Miami when Tatum gets hurt a minute into the game. Explainable though, right? Explainable. Yeah, but I'm just saying that the Earlier losses In that, The earlier losses in that series were worse.


They were comparable to games one and two against New York this year. Right. And then Game one and two, and I don't even know, those games are just gonna be lumped together in Celtics history. It's not like I'll be like, oh, game two. It's like just those two together will be discussed like just how do you lose two games a row at home to start a series down 20. But I, I did feel, and I said this to you in the next segment, I really did feel like the Knicks played the best. I've seen them play all year in the second half of game four and then all game six like that, that was like the full potential of whatever this team is. Plus they finally have a bench even though it's two people. Well, bridges has, has become the player that they traded for. Yeah. In terms of just what he's doing.


McBride started making shots and Robinson being this healthy mobile monster, like completely changes their team for 15 to 20 minutes a game. It's those that, those three variables alone are a big, big deal. The other stuff is Pretty well, he was eye openingly available for months during the season. Robinson, I'm kind of surprised nobody tried to scoop him up, but I think he, from an injury standpoint, I think, I think he just had this thing to him, it's like, what am I, it's almost like where Rob Williams was after a while with the injuries where you're like, I just, is he gonna play it's gonna, how many, how many games am I getting now? It's playing and it's only, it's only gotten worse for time, Lord.


And the Blazers, which is how those things typically go. But yeah. Long way to Go. Before we go, last question. 'cause I'm already in trade mode and draft mode as, 'cause now we only have one game a day. There's more stuff to think about. Is there a team you feel like could be a holy shit trade team that we're not talking about enough yet? It's funny because my, Is there a team you're on watch with? Out of the 31 Of my plans for Thur, my Thursday episode is I'm having a another guest on, we're each gonna pick our three. Have we discussed this team enough? Off season teams. So this is like right up my, Okay, so we'll tee that up for Thursday then? No, no, but I wanna pick a team now.


I, I mean, I feel, I don't wanna pick an obvious one like Milwaukee or even Memphis, we've talked about a lot. I'm saying a, a little bit of a zag. I've got my eyes on Atlanta and Sacramento. They just feel like teams that are just sizzling with, we both kind of like parts of where we're headed and especially Atlanta. But also we just like, we just fired our, like the Hawks just fired their gm, Landry Fields and Sacramento had this turnover, the Der Rosen thing. I just, both of them feel just like ripe for why Wait, why'd they do that? Okay, cool. Maybe, I don't know. Those are just two. You got, you got one on the brain.


Give me you, I know you got one on the brain, so let me ne let me hear yours. You're Gonna laugh. It was Atlanta. Really? Yeah. I had somebody ask me, 'cause they've, he's heard some of the honest content we've done on different pods. Oh Boy. And he was like, why isn't Atlanta in the honest combo? And I was like, what do you mean? And he is like, well, Jalen Johnson's awesome. He's on their team. He just got hurt. Everyone forgets that he didn't play the second half of the year, but as a centerpiece of a trade, that's a really good centerpiece. You know, they ha they're, they don't have their next couple picks, but they have picks later. And it would be pretty easy for them to put something together and basically turn it into Trey and Giannis and keep Giannis in the east.


And I look, I wasn't saying it was gonna happen, but he was, the question was, why wouldn't Atlanta take a swing? They don't have their picks anyway, I'm looking at, I didn't hate it. I mean, I think if you're the bucks, it's gotta be Well, what, what else is there for us other than Jalen Johnson who I love and I believe is from w no, he's, he's from Wisconsin. He's the front of it. Yeah, but What's Way more in the trade than Jalen Johnson? So what's the way more, because they owe some picks. They have the Lakers pick and they have an extra pick from, it's like the second best of New Orleans and Yeah. Milwaukee and their own pick. They're missing their next couple, right?


Yeah. Yeah. They have, They owe the, they owe the next three drafts. This one and the next two are controlled by the Spurs. But the next one's a swap with the Spurs swap. But they own 28, 29, 30, 31. And then they have an extra Bucks New Orleans pick. And they also have Resche. If you I was gonna say that wanted to get excited there. That feels Like the rubber meets the road piece in any, in, in that discussion you be getting like a little bit off the ground is Resche. And So if it's Jalen Johnson, Reese, she all the remaining picks, I think Milwaukee has to sit down and think about it and, and that that's an offer that teams can beat. But it's an offer that's like, you gotta beat. It's not, it's not nothing offer for sure. Ja, I love Jalen Johnson, But I thought the same thing with Atlanta, where it's, they had some upheaval.


They're kind of at no man's land. Why not? If he's available, they've done weird shit before too. I'll tell you what mitigates against that though is like how fucking bad the east is. Like, it's really easy to talk herself into a world where Atlanta just stands. Pat resigns, Lavert does nothing. All that interesting. And is like, why can't we go 52 and 30 next year and be the third seat in the east and like still have some stuff to do? Well That, that's the case for Milwaukee To not do it, to do, to do. Maybe we keep you honest. Maybe we're just a 50 win team by default in the East. Yeah. With Giannis, the difference is Giannis has tasted the championship and understands that the window is shrinking, the time window is shrinking.


And Trey has, and the Hawks have tasted the conference finals and everyone kind of, you know, wrote that one off and has then has just been swimming in the playing. Just playing, playing. They should name the play in after the hawks at playing hawks in the heat. It's like a guaranteed play in every year. I wish Miami had one more guy because there's a bam in all your picks for Giannis type of framework that I think would work. But it just puts Giannis in the same situation he's in now. Exactly. At at least the Hawks one. At least you can say, well he's going to another whatever you wanna call Trey perennial. Allstar semi perennial Allstar, couple time allstar. And like he fits well with you on his heroes, like a onetime Allstar and everyone is like, really?


No, no. You know, I don't think, I mean, San Antonio has a ton of picks, but I don't think I said this to Ben later. I'm sorry, I'm stepping on a segment that's coming later, but I just don't, if I'm Giannis, I'm not getting traded unless I'm guaranteed I'm gonna be one of the best four teams. Which is why going back to Cleveland, that's why the Mobil thing made sense to me. So it's like if he gets traded there, Moby is the guy coming back. I now know I'm the favorite in the east and I'm okay proving that trade at that point. But I guess we'll see. All right, Thursday you're talking, coming off the Knick game that you're gonna go to and then doing some, Some of this, some of this stuff, some of this some who's gonna do some crazy stuff.


Let's go Maybe some end of the year. Greenwich High School varsity sports Wrap up. Oh God, Swim team rap. Nothing. Nothing. Nothing. No. How'd, how'd the, how'd GHS do this year? Swimming? We, you know, kicked butt. The coach is pretty awesome at other sports. I don't, I don't, no, I don't follow. I'm glad The swim team's still good. All right. Yeah. Zach Lowe, good to see you is always, Always fun.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. Every basketball team that's still alive in the playoffs has one thing in common. Their key trades and signings throughout the season paid off giving each team the talent needed to make a run at the championship. With a small business, your success directly depends on the new talent you add to your team. And a great place to find that talent is LinkedIn. You know, hiring is a big deal for small businesses, not only because small businesses are wearing so many hats, but also because every hire is crucial for a growing company. That's why LinkedIn pairs you with the best candidates using data you won't find anywhere else from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. So find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra. What do I look forward to every NBA playoffs season? Well, I'm always hoping the Celtics do well. I'm always hoping we have great storylines, great games, great matchups, great games sevens, I just hope for good basketball. But the NBA playoffs, they're even better with Michel Bocher, the official beer partner of the nba. Plus they're getting fans closer to the game with a chance to win courtside tickets and more. Enter now at michelob bocher.com/courtside. Michelob Belcher superior access Courtside 2024 to 25 sweepstakes, no purchase necessary open to US residents. 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit michelob belcher.com/superior access slash courtside for free. Entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules, message and data rates may apply Void where prohibited.


All right, so listen, I've talked a lot about the Knicks on this podcast really since I've had in 2007 and I brought in a bunch of people on two of them are here today. But I just wanted to say, you know, Sean Fantasy, our ani, a lot of times when I brought you in, it's usually it's out of a moment of sadness or like there's faint hope and it's not really gonna work out the right way. But it's, it's usually somebody, one of you being sad. And this is a very happy time for the Knicks Eastern Conference. Finals starts tomorrow. You've beaten the defending Champion Boston Celtics. And I thought it was only fair to invite you both on, Sean's got like a golf tan sunburn thing going, you, you just like lost your mind.


Mission Impossible's coming out. Aria looks at the happiest I've ever seen him. This is so, I don't know. Sean, you go first. Well ding Don the witch is dead. RIP Boston. Bill, I haven't said it to you one time in days. I've Given you the four. I haven't said a damn thing and I'm happy to, well, one, thank you for having me. Thank you for having Ariel. Thank you for giving us this platform. You've given me a lot of platforms over the years and I'm grateful to you. But honestly, we just kicked Boston's ass man, that was amazing. That was genuinely beautiful. Like I, I, I never in my wildest dreams thought they were gonna win that series. Ariel, I think you're a much more positive fan than I am. I'm a cynic to the core. I've been burned by this team dozens and dozens of times.


And this series was magical. And this week is, is extraordinary. And I don't want to hear a damn word about guys over celebrating a second round victory because we haven't been there in a quarter century. And that was an incredibly meaningful moment for the franchise, for the fan base, and for a team that had lacked a signature moment all season. And this series was clearly to this point, their signature moment. So I'm just elated, I'm thrilled and I'm super excited about this year's The Pacers. I'll just add amen to all of that. And kudos to you, bill, because I think a lot of people would've said you wouldn't have two Knicks fans on. And certainly some of my friends were like, is Bill gonna have you on?


I'm like, look, you reached out to me. I didn't reach out to you. I don't like being that fan. I don't like rubbing it in. But golly, I'm happy to be here. I'm delighted to be here. That was one of the, so I went to game six mm i I I was, I was teetering obviously the tickets and I bought my tickets. No comps here. I'm not that kind of celebrity. Certainly not on your level. So I can't get in there with, you know, Chalamet and Bad Bunny. But I I, I remember exactly where I was in 1999 when we, when we, when we clinched at home to go to the NBA finals when we beat the Indiana Pacers. I know exactly where I was in 2000 when Ewing dunked over mourning, It lasts trip to the Eastern Conference finals.


And I said to myself, that kid, that 17-year-old would've done anything, he would've walked from his house in Montreal to Madison Square Garden to be here. I have to figure out a way to be there and I'm so happy I got to go with my two kids. 'cause it was the greatest sporting event that I've ever been to in my life. Wow. And I've been lucky to be to some, it was a three hour party bill. It was a three hour freaking party. It was unlike anything because there was no tension. There was no stress. We hadn't had one of those games yet in the playoffs. Lord knows we didn't have a lot of those wins throughout the season. And from the jump, you know, at one point I think it was like seven five Boston and that was it. You know, Jalen hit a couple shots and that was it. It was a party. And, and, and just, I was able to look at everything and I told my kids, this hasn't happened in 25 years.


They're 13 and 11, Oliver and Walter. I said, look at all this. Take this all in. This doesn't happen. Don't take this for granted. And then we had to walk through the crowd, which, you know, I know everyone has their take on the crowd, but I thought everyone was well-behaved. It was awesome. We'll never forget it. And I honestly wish that the Easter conference finals were starting on Saturday. 'cause I still need like five more days to revel in all the highlights, all the videos about that win over the Celtics. 'cause I, I, I don't want this feeling to go away. Sean, you want the feeling to go away? Are you ready to play some basketball? I wanna play. We're not done. I think there's, this is a team that has a really good chance to move on. And frankly we have revenge come due after last, last series with the Pacers last year.


So I, I wanted Halliburton the whole time. I'm glad it worked out. I'm glad the Cavs once again, were a paper tiger. That's three years in a row. They've been a paper tiger. And I think this team, I don't know if they're a team of destiny. I have heard that said a few times. I think the guys on group chat called them a team of destiny the other day. But there is something different. I never would've guessed that a team that is highlighted by Carl Anthony Towns a player I never understood or respected all the way up until last October. But there is some sort of juju going on with them right now that is just thrilling. And I'm, I'm the only time, I'll probably disagree with Ariel this entire time, this entire call, is that I want the game to start tonight.


I wish they were playing right now. I'm ready. Well, I know Sean, you've come on sometimes and you've just laid some bombs and laid some wood on some rivals. 'cause you turned into a sports fan, Sean. I hate our, I hate Carl Anthony Towns after that series and it's gonna be tough for me to refer him for a while. No rational reason for it. It's just he started playing well in game six and started puffing his chest out a little bit and the wheels had come off. Not just the Celtics series but the season and probably the era. And he became the target. But that Ariel, where do you, where did you land on towns? Are you still trying to figure him out? Oh no, IUFC fighter is he? No, He's the man. He's the freaking man. I hope they build a statue for him outside statue.


He's the, oh my god. Carl Towns is the man. I mean, look, everyone has their take on him second trip to the conference finals and back to back seasons. He beat Yoic last year. Western conference finals. Like you need to start respecting this Guy. This team beat Yoic. Eh, he he was, he was a big part of that in my opinion. I Don't remember that as the town series. Oh, He was fantastic in that series. Come on. But he must Drive you crazy 'cause he would drive me crazy if he was the center of my team, I would go Nuts. Well, I know what you're trying to do here. There is nothing you can say about Guy Tension to get me to say anything negative about the New York Knicks right now. I freaking love all of them. I wish Jericho Sims and, and Matt Ryan and, and, and, and, and Jacob Toin was back on the bench. 'cause I missed those guys as well.


That's how irrational all of this is. I I cannot, I cannot tell you what it's like walking around. So, so we're, right now we're, we're near NYU and seeing everyone with their Knicks gear, I'm, I was so tired of the LOL Knicks. I was so tired of all the jokes of all the media outlets always cracking jokes. I mean, they're still doing it. TNT is still doing it. It it, it's, it's ridiculous how they're treating this team. But I just love how the city, how everyone has rallied around them. Jalen is the, the, I I'm, I'm so lucky to grow up in a, in an era where Jalen Brunson and Josh Allen are my two guys. I mean, they're, they're cut from the same cloth. They're exactly the same. And that my kids can root for these guys. The way he handled Friday, he didn't even celebrate.


Look at the look on his face. He looked upset. And I went back and looked at the post game press conference after game seven when Tyres Halburn thought he was also cute walking in there with a t-shirt and the choking. I can't wait for them to get revenge for that one. 'cause we have not forgotten. I and I went back and looked at his media availability with the broken hand. He had the broken hand in that game and he, and someone said to him, is this season a success? And it was his version of job not finish. And he's like, did we make it far? Did we win? No, this wasn't a success. We're not here for any sort of like, you know, moral victory. I love his mentality. I love everything about him. And, and if you're still subscribing to the notion that he's too small or not the best guy on the court or all this nonsense, you know, you're, you're you're missing the point and you're missing the fun. This has been an unbelievable run.


This is a likable team. This is a fun team. Carl Towns completely dominated every big man that Boston threw his way from po I dunno if That's True to everyone in between Was dying of an illness, CORs 39 Cornett was a, I mean we had Cornett before you guys had Cornet. That was a great And what about Mitchell Robinson in that one sequence? Boom. Well that was the thing. Boom, boom. I mean, I could go On and off I'll say Sean never gave up on Mitch, Rob. Good. You were, you were waiting for those 15 minutes in the playoffs. I, that was the weirdest thing about the series was by the end of the series, all of a sudden the Knicks had the seven man rotation. That makes sense. As like a four round playoff team, which I was not expecting. If They get good deuce and they get good, Mitch, they're a incredibly formidable team.


They, they, that legitimately feels like a championship team to me. If it's only six guys, yeah, I get really tight. And if one of those guys who's missing from that seven is Kat, like he wasn't game five then I'm really nervous that that was the best and the worst of this team that you saw in five and six when all cylinders were firing in six was the opposite of five. So it's not, this is not, you know, this is not the 93 bowls. Like that's not really what we're looking at here with these teams. It's just their feels li feels like an opportunistic hole for them to slide into. Yeah. And like Ariel said, they have JB like in, in my lifetime, never been an athlete who in the final minutes of a game I trusted more in my life.


Wow. Not even close. I mean there's, and literally not close in the, in my 43 years of watching sports, who is even, I mean, who's on the list? I mean, you're, you're a Bills fan, Ariel. I'm a Jets fan, so obviously I don't have anybody to choose from there. Well, the, I guess first three quarters, Josh Allen. Wow. I'm sorry, IM just lashing out. That was just mean. I don't know why I did that. What's so great about this is like for, It lasts 20 years. All the Boston teams have, have, have broken my heart, you know, from the Bruins. Yeah. Red Sox, blue Jays. Now I'm a Blue Jays fan 'cause my expos left. Let's not get into that. Nick's Celtics obviously, and of course Patriots and, and and Bill. Yeah. Now you flipped it. Everything's turning in my favor now Bill, this is incredible. We smoke you guys every year.


In fact, we let you guys beat us at the end of season runs. So you wouldn't the first pick you That was Amazing. My favorite in 13 games this year, the Patriots Dermot went through when we let you guys beat us was amazing. And then what happened here? You guys, you guys were so cocky going into this second round series. It was amazing. We Should have been, we were man of 800 favorites. Why wouldn't we have been cocky? You guys barely beat the Pistons. You rope a dope best. We were up three one and beat them in six. Every Fourth quarter was like, was either or. That's when they're at their most comfortable. You know it now. I Know that's right. By the way, bill, you're not subscribing to the theory that like, we beat the Celtics 'cause Tatum's injured. Right? Like we were winning that game. We were winning game four. Talk To Dad win Probably six or seven.


We lost a series in the first two games and the fourth quarter you played in game four, which was incredible Basketball, we would've been down three one in the series with, with the Pingus who's like zombie Pingus Hauser, the sprained ankle, Jalen Brown. We find out after he had this torn meniscus that they were kind enough never to tell us about for two months. I don't think we could have won three in a row. Looking back, I think it would've been a tall task. You would had one game where you at least played one awesome half. And I just don't, I just don't think they would've won through straight with the team they had. Now, game game six would've tough. Now before March, I wouldn't have said that, But yeah, GA, game six would've been really tough for you guys.


Even if Tatum was healthy. I think I, game four was hard. Tatum played one of the best games of his life. And you did. We were down nine when he got hurt. Can I work up some in DNA animosity for you guys? Oh, please. Easy. Not that Hard. I know. Halliburton, you're already there. It sounds like 10 outta 10 hatred. Annoying. Annoying. Yeah. Fuck him. Yeah, Twerp. Yeah. Okay. Fuck him. Reggie Miller doing the announcing Annoying. That means you have to see the, the eight nine seconds and the threes and the Spike Lee trash talk. We're we're gonna be force fed that. Not looking forward to that. Aaron, Aaron Nesmith as a, as a quote unquote Brunson stopper, just following him around every year. Ridiculous. Doing agitator stuff.


Like where do you stand on him? Did you say Brunson Fowler. Brunson Fowler. Some people say That's, that's, that's his role in this series, I think. Okay, well look, Nesmith is good. Nes good nmt for him. Neem Hart's good as well. My fellow Canadian hit that big shot in, in in game three, which we would've won the series had had that not happened. They are a very good team and they're a very deep team. Dare I say, they're the best team that will play in the playoffs so far. Sorry about, you know, the Celtics. I Think you're right. If you remove the Pingus piece and Jalen on you Na as They're currently constructed, as they're playing right now, they're Deep. Yeah. I I'm not against that Argument. They're athletic. They freak, they're like, they're like the 1993 Arkansas Razorbacks.


They play, you know, full core press the entire game. They, they don't let up. TJ McConnell is a pest. He's annoying. He's a nat. They've got a deep line, like I said, AKA is really good. But we've got OG back. Remember, remember how OG played against AKA in the first two games before he got hurt? Yeah. You know, Turner's fine. But we've got Kat now who can compete with him. Everyone likes to talk. Okay. Matran is good. He didn't, he didn't play last year. He was hurt. That's a nice addition. But look how different our team is compared to last year and look how much healthier we are compared to last year. So Right. You, you have a healthy seven A healthy I Know Strong Seven. And look campaign is there if we need him as well. Our spark plug. All right. Don't forget about him. I don't, I don't know if Campaign I'm gonna be counting on that one.


No, he, but you have, have more guys to hate Sean. You have TJ McConnell hate him. I'm sure you'll work a healthy amount of animosity toward him. Hate him Already. Also, also a former fixer, which means I double despise him. However, if, if TJ McConnell were a nick, he would be a, an icon. I just wanna put that out There. Right? And then, and then Mathen who you know, gets into it, he's like those Detroit guys. He'll get into it two, three times in a series. He'll get some double texts. He's fun to root against. Rick Carlisle makes some annoying faces. I feel like the animosity is gonna be plus like all the, all the old nineties videos. It just feels like this'll be a really good old school. Lot of hate on both sides. I also think Indiana's a really hard place to play with the, the arena they have.


It's a, it's a, they they have great fans. They have great, the one thing did you notice, Rick Carlisle and his pre series comments was trying to give a lot of credit to Precious Chua. I think to kind of Jedi mind trick Tom Thito into playing Precious. I was like, I love Precious, precious plays so hard, right? But I was like, why are we talking about Precious Chua Express? You really wanted Him out there. You did. And Obie Toppin old Nick coming back for, you know, he'll have one quarter or one game where he's just awesome and he'll be like, ah, the Obie Toppin game. I think Indiana has a slightly better team, but you have the Brunson peace. And that's why I think this is the, the line has shifted. So now it's like Pacer minus or Pacers plus 1 24 Knicks are favored, but you're the healthiest you've been all year.


And I really, I said this to Illa on Sunday. I think second half of game four in game six were the best. I've seen those five guys play together. And you really haven't had all five together for long stretches. So that would be the case combined with the energy in those knick games. It's, it's easy to hit those threes. It you're playing Milwaukee without Dame when you're playing a Cleveland, when everyone's terrified because they feel like the series is sliding. It's a little different to do the pull up 25 footers in MSG when like Shaima is stink eyeing you, you know, all the celebs. Who, Sean, was there a celeb that you were like, come on, you haven't been to a game in 25 years.


How are you dining on this right now? Well, I, anyone you wanna call out or No, You know, I, I'm in a passionate one-sided affair with Anne Hathaway and I love her to pieces and she's, you know, she's a big Nick fan, but there's a little bit of confusion as to whether Philly or New York is the city sports city of choice for her. You know, she was at that Eagle Super Bowl, Right? Little big of Misty. You know, her family's from Philly, but she roots for the Knicks. But then there's a clip of her wearing Giants gear on Jimmy Fallon from eight years ago. Little bit of confusion around Anne. You know, I think she's a wonderful actress, but she's not really out here with like Tracy Morgan Rock, you know, Stiller The Sopranos guys. Yeah. Bobby Bach a lot.


Like those are really the icon icons. Yeah. Ededie. Falco. Action Bronson. Chloe Sevens a good one. Action. Bronson. Yeah, there's, I had some Sudeikis questions. Z Okay. Okay. Tha you stole mine, bill. I was waiting that one. I don't wanna be that fan. I don't want be that guy. Where were you? You know, when Lance Thomas was running up and down the corridor? Kyle O. Quinn, I don't wanna be that guy, but Sudeikis Sudeikis is a Nets guy. He, he's, he's all nets like the Nets. He's in Nets liberties, Barclays, he's in that whole universe saw and many Courtside for game sets. Saw was one guy where I was like, nah, this one, this one felt a little bit weird. But again, I welcome all this whole thing that we can't celebrate or where were you when all this nonsense, screw all that. Be Happy. Oh, Sean, enjoy the fun.


Sean. Sean's not like that at all. Sean is not a welcome all. He's like, where were you? Where were you in round two when Roy Hibbert was was killing Tyson Chandler? Oh My, I know where I was when that series was happening was I was in a bachelor party in Montreal off my tree and watching that game in tears, I was so fucking mad. And all the verticality, I remember that era very well. Where's Roy Hibbert now? Nowhere to be seen. Where's that style of basketball dead? What are we playing now? Mitchell Robinson Ball where we go defend all five positions elegantly with grace and power until we break our ankle. Ariel, where are you staying on tib these days? And what was your darkest moment with him? It lasts couple years. Look there, there there have been. Okay, so I'll tell you this again.


I know you're trying to get me to talk smack. I'm not Doing anything. You're trying to, to create some dissension when the vibes are immaculate right now. Not at All. This is Dicey with us though. This is a little bit of a tricky thing. Tibs you know, Ariel? No, no. I'm cool with Tibs. Ever since he was assistant coach with Jeff Nicks and Jeff Van Gundy under the great Pat Riley. I'm okay with Tibs Tib is my guy. Okay. There was a game against Does Zel Sean says, okay, Listen, we're different, different strokes for different folks. There, there, there was a game in November, December at Chicago where it was very clear that Carl Towns was, was dealing with some sort of knee issue. And at that point it was the Derrick Rose game. Derrick Rose had his little ceremony. Yeah. And so the Knicks were in town.


It was the second night of a back to back. It was a Saturday. And, and he kept towns in and I thought towns had a torn ACL. And I'm like, why is he in, we're down by 15 points. Why is he in? That was the one time where I was like, I don't know if I could deal with this anymore. But he's been, he's been phenomenal. He's made the adjustments. Made the adjustments from five to six in, in, in It Lasts series. That's my guy. I ride with him. I love the fact, IIII think it might have been on on your show. No, it was on New York. New York. And, and, and I have to give a a shout out to John. He's been phenomenal. His interview with Chris Childs that dropped, I think this morning was so great and such a blast from the past to hear that unique voice of his I I've loved his coverage. So shout out to John. He said that, you know, hi. His, his vision of of tips was like after game six, he went to the back, you know, opened a, you know, a, a diet coke and just watched a hundred hours of pacer footage.


That's what I love about him. He's not out to drink wine. Yeah. He is not out to go out, you know, for dinner. He is not out to hobnob. He is a true basketball lifer. He has no wife, he has no girlfriend, he has no kids. He has no nothing. He, he, he, I don't even know where he lives. The poor guy. He probably lives in Westchester. And so that's our guy. We're riding with him. I love, I love that he's still hanging onto the hair. The beard is a good addition to the look as well. You're not gonna get me to say anything about tips and what a story would be for Tom Thibodaux to beat Minnesota. People don't talk about that angle. He was an assistant coach and then the head coach with Minnesota. What a story that would be if he plays Minnesota in the, in the finals. I'm getting ahead of myself here, but love Tibs. Can't wait for him to hold that trophy down the canyon of heroes in about a month and change Sean, who plays tib in the movie?


Ooh. I mean, it would've been Gandini. I mean what an extraordinary gand alfin part. That would've been what? Great call. You know, he's got the same bearing burly guy. Yeah. The deep voice, the thinning hair, you know, man on the mission. He think Delini would've played his starters too much. I feel like, like he played Pauline Christopher a lot. What about Paul Giamatti? Oh, Giamatti would be good. See the size. I guess they'd have to cheat it. I mean Yeah, you could, you know, put a prosthetic. Yeah. You know, Giamatti would be a good Jeff Van Gundy actually, now that I think about it. Okay. Yeah. Wow. I'm Loving all of this. Look how far we've come now we're doing movies about the season. I can't wait. Can we, can we still buy the DVD? Like do they still do that at the end of the year when your team wins a championship?


Can I still get that? Oh yeah. What a sad question. I don't know. I've never experienced this in my life. Bills have never Won. Well, that's the thing. Wait. 'cause you haven't, this is great. What happens is you just spend a lot of money over the next 72 hours. There's t-shirts and hats you need. Oh, I can't wait. There's Mugs. I can't wait. There's just, they and they keep coming and the hats keep changing and then the DVDs come out. So you gotta get those. It's, it never end. But you had, I mean, Sean's, Sean's kid is young. You have kids now that are actually at the right age to experience to just basically go completely ape shit if they actually kept going. Bill, this has been a gift from God, honestly, because I fell in love the first team that I really, really loved.


1992 Knicks, 91. I remember when they got swept by the Bulls in the first round 3.0. But the 92 Knicks, I remember vividly, my, my brothers were Bulls fans. So I'm in 92, I'm nine. And, and I remember sitting there game seven convincing myself that we were gonna beat the bulls on the road, the defending champions that we got blown out. And, and I sat there, we were in a hotel room in Boston and I was crying. It was Memorial Day weekend, actually Victoria Day weekend. 'cause we had off Canadian holiday. And, and, and my sons are the same age now, 11 and 13. And I, to be able to experience this with them as a dad, like I, it's, and I know you, you and your dad have bonded over the Celtics. Like, there there is, it is great for myself personally. I'm, I'm 42.


I I've lived and died with this team. I adore them. But to now see it through their eyes and you know what's the best part, they calm me down because as Sean said earlier, like, we're cynics, we've been hurt. They're completely positive. And they're like, oh yeah, we're gonna beat these guys. Like this is, I have a video that I posted on my Instagram. My son said before the game, we're winning by 30. I'm like, are you insane? We don't win anything by 30. We never win a clincher at home by 30. And they're just sort of like, they have this sort of like blase attitude about it all. They don't know any better. They're idiots savants for God's sakes. And it's a beautiful thing to, to, to witness that and to, to experience that with them. And also to not have the hurt that we have. They, they don't have any of this. And so it gives me hope that perhaps this is truly a new era, at least in my life.


My, my buddy Sully's kids who were like early two thousands kids. And that was kind of how they saw sports. 'cause they, they didn't have any of the DNA because like when they were little, Brady won the first Super Bowl and then the red side and they just kind of assume that's how it was. And they're surrounded by all these tortured older people who are just waiting for the other shoe. And then, then you have Sean, who's 40. How old are you now, Sean? 43 Be 43 in July. Yeah. Yeah. Only too. It has been a great sports run, Say Green July too. We're like kindred spirits. You and a Sean, right? 26th Ariel. What year, what day are you? I'm July 8th. But anyway, stop being such a cynic. Enjoy it, man. Have A fun. I am, I thing with Sean, I've known Sean since 2012.


This is easily the best sports run he's been on. But Soto, you got rid of Aaron Rogers your least favorite New York athlete ever. And then the next run, this is, this is kind of weirdly the peak. I, speaking of John Kremsky. John and I were talking about this last week. I, I feel like the franchises are in very good hands. That's something that has been, has defined my fandom is feeling like the franchises, you know, you mentioned Lowell Nicks. Lowell Mets is an ongoing, and Lowell Jets are ongoing bits for all the teams I care about. They're often considered the laughing stocks of their respective leagues. And somehow you, you remember this bill when, when the Knicks missed out on Kyrie and KD and they signed, they signed Randall.


I was apoplectic, I was so upset, so furious. I felt like it was the culmination of 20 years of failure for the franchise since that 2000 run that they made that Ariel was referring to earlier. And I just could not take it. I was so sick of Dolan. I didn't understand. I thought the tips hire was a retread and I was wrong, wrong, wrong. I was wrong about everything. I was wrong about every move that they made in the aftermath. I was, I actually liked the Brunson signing and did not have the, like, I don't know about this contract attitude about it because I had just watched him mow down the jazz in that previous series in the Yeah. In Western Conference. So I liked that. And I liked that his dad was basically like, we're bringing this kid here in two years and they had a plan, but ev almost everything else that they did.


I didn't really get it. I didn't see it, I didn't understand it. I'm just a fan. Like I'm not an expert. And to be proven wrong specifically in this way is the greatest feeling in the world. Because like even the Bridges trade, two months ago, maybe even two weeks ago, people were saying this is a terrible trade. And then he did things in that Boston series. Yeah. That completely flipped the argument. Completely fuck them picks is, is a motto in New York now. We don't care about that. We are just delighted to have beaten the Celtics and to be going on to face the Pacers. Yeah. You know, something you said Arrow was about the Knicks gear being everywhere. That was one of my favorite things about living in Boston when that would happen when there was some big series or some big game Coming up and just the city would just assume the identity of the franchise, which is really hard to do in New York, but was always why you knew Brooklyn was never gonna really make it as the second alternative NBA team.


'cause the case was, as soon as the Knicks get their shit together, this is how it's gonna play out. And it feels like it's played out even more than that. Right. Like I, I gotta say like the outpouring has been, just watching it from 3000 miles away even feels bigger than I expected. And I had high expectations. Oh my God. Yeah. And man, that scene on, on Friday was absurd. Like, you walk out and there's a dude in flip flops sitting on top of a billboard. I still have no idea how he got there. Yeah. But all of it was pretty well behaved. All, you know. I I did, I know the one dude, listen, the one guy in the Halliburton jersey, like, what did you expect buddy? What did you expect? Like he wanted that Moment. I like the win horse stuff. I didn't like at all. Hated that, Hated that despised That it's his job to give opinions. Leave him a fuck alone That couldn't agree more.


But there were no cars being burned or anything like that. No fights. At least that that, that I saw. And you know, a lot of those, a lot of those fans aren't as old as, as Sean and I, a lot of those fans. Yeah. You know, grew up with those pretty crappy teams. Their one kind of high moment was 2013 Bert Blocks mellow at the, at the Rim insanity, things like that. And so I understand. And then you have this mix, it's like this mixture of these like 25, 20 6-year-old kids who are all experiencing this for, for the first time. And then it's the, you know, the, the Seans and I of the world who are like, wow, this is just like the nineties. And then I love meeting the old heads. Right, right. Like the, the, the dudes that were there in the seventies that were like, this is the second coming of Clyde.


It's so, I mean, I get chills just thinking about it. It's those three chapters and obviously theres a lot of crap in between. But to be in this city now, like when, when I was growing up, I used to say to myself, I need to make it to New York. I need to live in New York. I need to be able to go to work and be like one of those guys in the stands who's wearing the suit, who just goes to the garden after work. Like, what a life. You get to go to the garden after work and watch Patrick Ewing and Charles Oakley. This is unbelievable. They suck for 20 years when I moved here. Yeah. So now finally we're here and experiencing the city walking up and down the street, seeing everyone wear their gear. It's, there's nothing like it. I've been here when the Yankees won. I've been here when the Mets made it to the World Series. Nothing even close to it. Sean used to be like that. And then I made a move to LA Come Back.


Sean's like, someday I'll just, I'll live here. I'll just leave work. I'll go to a Knicks game. I did Screaming after. It'd be great. I did used to live that life of going to Knicks games. I'm trying to figure out, I, I don't know if I can go back now that since I haven't gone back already now I'm like, I'm feeling a little bit superstitious. I don't, I don't know. Just, no, Maybe. Okay, maybe, maybe that. Do you Have fomo? Do you feel like you need to be at one of these games? Yeah, Friday I was in Oregon about, as at a, you know, at a golf resort about as far from the New York Knick celebration universe as you could possibly be. And I'm the lone guy sitting in a bar watching the game near tears, just like gobsmacked, gobsmacked by what I was watching. Same thing after game two.


I'm sitting in my house in Los Angeles alone, hoping my child does not bother me. Stunned by what was happening in game two. Yeah. That was the most shocked. I've been at a sporting event in 10 years. So there's a part of me that thinks I just need to sit on my freaking couch and watch this series and not go anywhere. Okay. Yeah. Stay there. But if, If they advance though, I don't know. I don't know how you'll keep me away. Like I, I don't know how I could not go to the NBA finals. I, it's hard for me to dream of that, but that would be genuinely exciting. It's gonna be, I I I think it's already one of the harder tickets in the history of basketball. And then there's the combo of Dolan's hoarding all the tickets and not giving any to leak. And so it's just like, Hey, I'm taking care of my people.


Steve Shrimp has been coming here the whole time. He's gonna stay in the seat. Like, hey, he's weirdly loyal in a way that I love. What was the darkest moment for you, Ariel? Sean said it was when they signed Randall was rock bottom for him. What was rock bottom for you? Well, there, there are two moments where I, I really started to question myself. The first was the night that Oakley got dragged outta the building. That, that, that was dark. That was really dark. I adore Charles Oakley and I will till the day I die. And he meant so much to those teams. And I still believe that his number should be retired. And I think Starks, his number should be retired as well. That was very, very dark. And then the aftermath was a little weird. You remember the, the interviews and the media tour and all that as far as like actual basketball, the, the, the day they traded Pingus, I felt like, what the hell are we doing?


Because I, I, I believed in my soul the same, I actually feel this way about Brunson and Josh as well. I could see Christ Abs Pingus holding a trophy. Like I could see that guy being a champion some way somehow. And it ended up coming true. He was just wearing a, a green jersey when he did it. And, and I didn't understand why they gave up on him. Like I would've much rather give up on Phil Jackson or anyone else. Yeah. And so to me, on that day, I was like, I don't know if I could do this. When they didn't get K KD and Kyrie, I was bummed. But you know, KD was coming off the Achilles. I'm, I've never been a big Kyrie fan. I was definitely bummed, but I, I didn't feel like this was the end. I I felt like it was a, it was a gamble quite honestly. And, and I didn't hate the Randall signing as well.


So those two were really, really dark because Oakley has meant so much to this team and to this city. And, and, and he didn't deserve that. And it's so great seeing all the legends. I miss seeing him. One of the great stories is, is seeing Ewing back in the fold here, like those videos of Ewing rocking up with the guys off the team bus into the locker room, wearing his gear, looking like he could give you a solid 20 minutes, you know, maybe 10 and 10. Like he looks ready to go. He is slimmed down. I love that content. I can't get enough of it. So it's nice to see all the legends, but we're missing one big guy and, and I pray that they're, they're able to figure it out. A friend of mine pretty connected had good seats for one of the games. Game four, game six.


And sitting next to him was one of the, it was like Starks one of those guys was like, oh my God. And then he just happened to be in the area where like six of them were, and it was like his young adult that came to life and he was just like, almost having a seizure. It is crazy how many I, to me, like, look, I'm not a Knicks fan, I'm obviously a giant basketball fan. When we start moving into the Marbury era, that gets a little, where it's like, hey look, there's Marbury. It's like nothing good happened with Marbury the entire time he was with the Knicks. Like there's yeah, some of those, but I think I, he seems He's a son of New York though. It, there's a slight get it, there's a more complicated thing there. Yeah. I just think the, the, the Celtics version of when we bring the greats back is a little, you usually have to have had one good thing happen, 18 to two by the way, you know, what's my like, totally irrational dark day when we traded Maek Lampe to the sons for Spawn Marbury, I was convinced that Lampe was gonna be the guy, he was our Polish prince.


I thought that he would be like our European stud. And also He saw the person, There was something about him that I just love. And also Billy Hernan Gomez. I thought that he was gonna be something special for us as well. Like there was all these guys. And that's part of the fun, right? Going through these, these stories and seeing all these Alexi sched, like those guys, like that's what makes all this worth it. Sch you remember him, he had a great run. Before we go, since I have both of you here, there's a UFC movie coming out with The Rock that The Rock is allegedly a real Oscar's contender for. So, and Sean follows this stuff obsessively and then this is Ariel's domain. Aria, what have you heard?


Okay, what have I heard about the film? The film is called The Smashing Machine. It's, it's based on, in my opinion, one of if not the best combat sports documentaries of all time. It's about a guy named Mark Kerr, who had a crazy life, had a run in the UFC, but was really a, a star in Pride, which was a, an organization in Japan when Pride was the number one MMA organization in the world in the early two thousands. And HBO it's 2000, 2001 that this film came out, put on this documentary when, you know, remember back then 2000, 2001, like no one was airing anything about MMA, it was as far away from mainstream as possible. And there's drugs and there's all kinds of stuff involved. And so the film is based on, you know, The Rock movie is based on, on that documentary.


So my hopes are very, very high just given the subject matter. And I think initially people thought, Hmm, are they gonna be able to pull it off? Is it gonna be, is it gonna be too? Is is The Rock the right guy for all of this? But once that trailer came out, I mean, I could speak for the MMA community, everyone was like, holy crap, this looks AEG legit, it looks spot on. And it looks like they were able to capture the essence of that time period. So, you know, they, they got guys like Alexander Usic in there, Ryan Bader playing Mark Coleman. Like I saw some of the footage and, and I, I, I mean just from the three minute clip, I think they kind of nailed it. I can't wait for this. And you know this as well as anyone, but like, there haven't been a lot of great MMA movies, you know, we got, here comes the boom Complexing and Warrior Warrior Is the best one, I think.


Not a lot of them for some bizarre reason. Obviously, you know, not as old as boxing, but this could be it. And, and perhaps this is the one that gets the Rocks movie career back on track, which I would love. So very excited. Well, What's funny is they've been crank, they've been cranking out boxing movies pretty, pretty consistently for a hundred years. And yeah, just when you think like they've made enough boxing movies, then another one comes out, another one comes out. I thought that the one with about the female boxer Carissa Shields thought that was a actually good fire Inside. Yeah, the fire inside. Yeah. But you would've thought, you would've thought there would be more MMA and there just hasn't. All right, so Sean, we did, you've talked about this on your pod a bunch. We did a video on Ringer movies about, about is it ever gonna happen for The Rock?


Why is is is the movie star thing, has the ship sailed and then you see this trailer, it's like, okay, maybe we're back in. To me it's a, it's a, it's, it was a mystery. And now it's just a frustration that it has taken this long for two reasons. One, I know you both know this. Never seen anybody better on the mic, short of Rick Flair in pro wrestling. Yeah, I mean, he was just in, in the prime of the attitude era. And even in the second half moving into the Sena era, he was unbelievable at just selling anything. And a huge part of being a movie star is selling the absurd, is selling the ridiculous setup.


So on that face, he should have been incredible. And then secondarily, I always tell this story, I went to the premier of Hobson Shaw, whatever that was, seven, eight years ago. And it was at the Kodak Theater in Hollywood. And someone soda rolled down the aisle and smashed into a chair, which then triggered a fuse explosion and the lights turned off in the theater. Wow. So there was a delay before the film started and to stem the tide and keep the people in their seats, Dwayne came out and just rift for 25 minutes, just talked, made tons of jokes at Jason, stat them's expense, just sold, sold, sold for 25 minutes in front of 2000 people waiting for this movie to start.


And he was magnetic. And then I see the movies that he makes and I'm like, who told him to do this? Why is he in Jungle Crews? Why did Black Adam happen? I don't understand. Because you see him communicate and you can tell just what a vibrant, fascinating, funny, self war person he is. And he just hasn't picked good collaborators. And the the end note on this conversation is the person who directed The Smashing Machine is Benny Safie, a Knicks fan and New Yorker who understands the peculiarity of strange characters. And Mark Kerr is an interesting guy. And The Smashing Machine documentary is not a cookie cutter portrait of a rise to greatness. It's much more complex than that.


So I think if you care about sports movies, if you care about The Rock, if you're interested in, in combat sports, it's, it feels like it's tailor made for an incredible moment for him and, and, and for movies. We'll see, I care about all three of those things. The problem is with, with UFC and MMA in general, it's such a passionate, loud audience. But then I always wonder like, how, how big is the actual audience, right? Like, I know Netflix is thinking about, do you know it's been reported? Do they wanna get in and grab some pay-per-view. Like I wonder if Netflix got some pay-per-view, Ariel, and it's just going to all these different countries, does that make MMA bigger or did we hit the ceiling already?


Like is there new people to find? 'cause I think this ties into the movie. How much, how much audience is left that's out there? Oh, there's, there's a ton left. I mean, we're seeing a guy named IA Topoya who has just opened this whole Spanish region that was non-existent. And they're saying that he can headline the Bernabe, which is where Real Madrid play. And that's like 80,000 people. That was an option, you know, two, three years ago. And so when guys start to pop up in these different countries and then, you know, people will emerge here and it's very cyclical. There's high moments, there's down moments, there's stars. You know, the whole Russian region that wasn't really a thing five, six years ago. And Now you have all these guys who are France came On too. That was another one. Yes. So, you know, Brazil, France has been incredible as far as MMA and pro wrestling.


So no, they, they have not, they have not hit the ceiling as, you know, combat sports. Like I said, there, there are peaks and valleys and everyone likes to say, you know, I even said, I said the MMA business is in a recession, but I, I didn't say the UFC is in a recession. I said the MMA business, meaning there's just really one dominant league. There, there, there are no prides anymore. And that's unfortunate. We, we don't have, and I think we've talked about this in the past, like there is no a EW to UFC's WWE right now, right? No, not even close. Like, not even close. So the UFC's doing just fine. They're gonna get a multi-billion dollar deal whenever they sign their new deal. ESPN will probably still be involved in some way, shape, or form. And it will continue to get bigger. But as you know, it only goes as far as like who the stars are, right?


The UFC always wants to position itself as the biggest star, the UFC, that's the brand and it's doing great. But then when you get those superstars that come along and they will continue to come along, it goes to a whole other level. And they're experiencing that with Topoya who's headlining on June 28th. And they'll experience it with others as well. Yeah. He took the Pereira side. I'm still, still bitter my, my Carrera. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause you think Sean, with the MMA audience, that's kind of dormant for a movie to really hit for The Rock. You've gotta hit different countries. He hits different countries anyway. And if that audience is there, so this could be the rare combo of like an awards contender that actually makes real money that's not a franchise.


Yeah, it's in, it's coming out on the first week of April, which, or excuse me, the first week of October, which is historically a kind of a circling the square for box office and awards consideration. That's like the same weekend that a movie like The Star was Born was released. So I think they're looking for a kind of like commercial, critically acclaimed movie, which is as we know, like one of the hardest things to do in movies right now. And we'll see, My advice to him would be don't over promote it. Hmm. Don't feel like you need to be all over the place with it. Like be a little discreet. 'cause I don't feel like the over promotion stuff works with the awards and this is like his one chance. But I hope, I hope we get more MMA stuff just in general.


I'm always amazed that that's not a lane for movies right now. Would seem like that would be even easier to do than boxing. You know, you, you Guys are the experts when it comes to this, but actually just today on, on my show, I spoke to Ryan Bader who's playing Mark Coleman in the movie. Oh. Oh, interesting. And Mark Coleman was, was Mark Kerr's best friend looks just like him from the photos that I saw. And I actually asked him like, that was his first movie. He's a former UFC title contender, Bellator champion. What was it like, you know, just being on set, sitting around the multiple takes to just drive yourself crazy. And, and he, and he said, and again, this is not my world, but he said, actually Benny's philosophy is don't do too many takes like three, four takes.


If, if the Rock's mouthpiece came out, like keep it, he wants it to be raw. He kind of shot it like a documentary, which actually made me even more interested in seeing how it all looks. So I don't know if that's unique. I don't know if that's, that's something different if, if certain guys do that. But I thought that was interesting. By the way, shout out to Bill for completely changing the subject and not maybe focusing on Miles McBride's huge block. And that's, you remember that Chase down in game six when he blocked and then they came back with the Ann one jump. Like, I love the way you just transitioned away. That was a big time block. You have to admit like that Was, well I had to, I had to get 10 minutes. That UFC with you when you're here. I Mean, I just thought we were talking more like, do we wanna talk about how Missoula was exposed? Like the, how he doesn't really, you Know, like, alright, settle down.


We won the title last last year. Missoula Fine. Yeah. That's all yo Dokas doing. That was you. I mean he just, he inherited The team that it doca. Can he be, he be, can he be a little nicer to the media? Like the, the shtick of being like, you know, like Grumpy is wearing a little thin. I just my 2 cents. But you, Luke Cornett had a Great Wayne Belichick's girlfriend now what, what, what other hits do you wanna take here? Cornett. Cornett had a great game. Five. I mean like let's thanks. Are we raising a banner for the game five or what? What's the deal? We're telling our grandkids about it. We won the title last year. I'm in a five year Grace period. All right guys, good luck against the Pacers in round three. I'm happy for both of You're Picking the Pacers. Wait, I was gonna say, are you picking against us or what? Yeah, I hear you And Celo and you guys just spent all this time hyping the Pacers.


Yeah and kind of like not nagging the Knicks but just not addressing the Knicks. I like it's either Pacers and six or Knicks and seven. I don't think the Pacers can win a game seven against a healthy Knicks team with the way the arena will be. But we'll see The ne My fear for you guys, there's a couple health guys I do not trust on your team who have stayed reasonably healthy so far. Townsend an nobi. Not to mention Mitchell Robinson who every game you get outta him is a, is feels like a miracle. So I just, you know, these playoff games are hard. They're intense. That's, I feel like the Pacers are probably a little more durable when this thing gets really physical than maybe the Knicks are.


But who knows? He might have the Team of Destiny thing and the Brunson thing's. Unbelievable when he rooting against that guy in a playoffs series in the fourth quarters. I just felt like he was gonna score on us and we had like, we had holiday on him, we were throwing Tatum and Brown on him and I just felt like he was gonna get, when he shook holiday on that, that one shot, I think, I can't remember if it was game one or game two coming off the inbounds with like 10 seconds left. Just just shook him off and got the shot he wanted. Like that was cra. Nobody does that to Drew Holiday. So Can I tell you something? I watched the four minute cut down, recap of game four like 11 times in a row that night. Just to watch him absolutely cook white. He cooked white.


He did all day long. That was a astonishing to watch whether he can do that to Aaron. Fucking Nesmith. We're about to find out. Yeah. Yeah. Oh I'm so worried about Nesmith. He just dealt with Thompson Brown. Tatum. Derek White. I like, I like this. The cocky Im worried about Nesmith don't get. I'm so worried about him. Just Keep it in check. What About Nesmith? What about TJ McConnell? This was good. Picking him up 94 feet. Ugh, the horror There is gonna be some 94 feet. They're gonna try to put some miles on your guy. They're gonna try to wear 'em down. I'm Cool with it. Good luck. Thanks for coming on. I'm glad you were finally able to come on under happy circumstances. It was a pleasure to see you both. Thank you Bill. Thank you.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats. Summer is almost here and you can now get almost anything you need for your Sunny Days delivery with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no. A banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. No, but a box fan. Happily yes. A day of Sunshine. Nope. A box of fine wines. Yeah, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now Alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Region C app for details.


This episode is brought to you by Better Help. There's still a lot of stigma around mental health. Let's change that. This Mental Health Awareness month, let's encourage everyone to get support when they need it. And if you're not sure where to find that support, check out Better help with a network of over 30,000 licensed therapists. They can help you find the right fit. We're all better with help. Visit better help.com/ Bill Simmons to get 10% off your first month. That's better help. HELP do com slash Bill Simmons.


Alright, he's been on this podcast many times. You know him from the Straty newsletter, one of the pioneers. He is also a giant Bucks fan. His name is Ben Thompson. And if I'm gonna make fake G Trades, really that Of no atrocious fake Giannis traits I had to seriously consider. Is it worth coming on a podcast with someone that apparently seriously proposed Giannis for Evan Mobley? Are you joking? Can I explain the thought process behind it and then you can tell me how offended you should be? I mean, it's gonna be hard to decrease the level, but Sure, go ahead. Well first of all, I don't think you should trade Giannis, which I said in the pod. I think you should keep Giannis because especially with the way the East is going, oh, It's so bad.


It's so bad. But it's embarrassing If you're gonna trade them. You can't do the Kevin Duran get a bunch of picks back and go for the future because you don't have any of your own picks. That makes no sense. So I need to get a good player back, right? And I'm shopping on that Evan Moly level looking at 80 cents in the dollar. No, If I'm trading honest, that's what you have to do. No, you, I get the overall thought process. There's a few problems here. So number one, this whole situation sucks. Just to be clear, you know, the, there, there's a real trade off. What's good for the bucks, what's good for Yiannis? I mean, the reality is if I'm going to take all emotion out of it, it's probably best for both parties, you know, to, to move on.


I mean the bucks are, it's, it's in a, it's really rough. I mean we were starting, the fan base was happy they were starting Kevin Porter Jr. In the final game of the playoffs. I mean it's, it, you can't overstate how bad it was. But you can't, you, the other thing, if you're a Giannis fan, just to be honest, the fact you're proposing this seriously speaks to, in my opinion, how disrespected Giannis is. I mean, this is a guy that, it was one game only. I disagree, completely handled the Oklahoma City Thunder because he's a star who can initiate offense. He can score in volume. We know he's much better than say a yoic at defense. I think his capabilities on offense as an initiator are underrated as well.


And by the way, as long as I'm here rated as well and by is at at par or better than Yoic. If you include all defense, if you include defensive player of the year, if you include the NBA cup, which hilariously no one does, but it's like his resume is there and he's, he's really good. He initiates offense. He has a mid-range game now and he's dramatically underrated. As a Gianni fan, I want him to go somewhere and get his proper recognition as a Bucks fan. It breaks my heart. And as someone who had to watch the Indiana Pacers, I'm lucky I still my eyes that I didn't gouge them out. When then you also, you're you're dealing with an organization also that just doesn't know what they're doing.


I know Doc's your friend, sorry, he was a disaster. He is coaching from 25 years ago. They also haven't adjusted to Giannis capabilities as enough offensive initiator. They're still building the team. Like it's 2019 when, when the Toronto Raptors doubles kind of overwhelmed him a bit. Although in that series he was still the best player at a positive plus minus what didn't play enough minutes. But he, he is the key is him at Point Center. Like that's how you win in the playoffs. The Bucks I thought were building towards that with the Kuzma trade Doc never plays Kuzma at the four, probably wouldn't have mattered. He's horrible. But they, they never even got approaching the right approach with him. So it's just been a disaster all around.


And at the same time he's Giannis like he's loyal, he likes Milwaukee. He doesn't want to go somewhere. There's a very good chance we're back whenever we get back. We were supposed to be on a year ago that the bus got flushed out. It is very sad and nothing has happened. So we'll see. All right. You gave me a lot to work with there. So Sorry, I don't, I had to get that all out. I was, I just to make sure I got that in. You know, you express my disappointment with you, with your Giannis assertions over. It lasts few weeks. Okay. Giannis better than Tatum. Come on, get outta here. Or y yet better than Giannis, I should say. Well, Tatum's hurt now so he is better. I know. I can't even truly go in on him. It's very sad. Real, real, real disappointment.


Giannis being underrated. That's just bucks bullshit. He's in, he's third, second, third, fourth, or first in the MVP voting every single year. It's not like he falls, falls to nine. He's always in the top three or top four doesn't. He's always first team NBA. He doesn't get cheap MVPs for finishing six in his conference because some players got hurt. Like for some reason it's always all his fault. Oh by the way, as long as I'm here your what if segment a few podcasts ago, what if segment, guess what if is Chris Middleton getting hurt in the 2022 playoffs? Well we had Robert Williams was hurt too. Like he, come on, not Get out of here. That's even, are you be more offensive than comparing Yassen, Evan Mobley, Robert Williams, come on Prime.


Chris Middleton. Wait a second. So if you're keeping Yas versus trading, if you're trading them, you have to trade into a place that has a chance to win the title, right? Can We agree on that? So here's the deal. Yeah. So you and to your point, the Bucks need wait. The problem is their picks are scattered. They, there's like two swaps in a pick with Portland, which everyone forgets about, plus the swap slash picks with the Pelicans. So if you don't get someone good back, you have to get some of those picks back. There's no hope for the franchise otherwise. But the but That's a conundrum though. Portland doesn't want Giannis 'cause they're on their own timeline and he's not gonna wanna go to New Orleans. So you're not getting those picks back. Well, it's a three or four way deal if something like that happens in reality, there's two options and maybe one dark horse that makes sense for the Bucks.


Option number one is a package around Amen Thompson. Ahman Thompson. There's there like I personally think Ahman might be a little overrated right now, which means if I'm the Rockets, I should definitely want to trade him. But that is that it has to be someone like that or the number two pick from the Spurs. And both teams can throw in a lot of extra picks and assets. Those are the only two that from a Bucks perspective makes sense. And every Bucks fan is gonna kill me. There is a potential Philadelphia 76 ERs package as well. What, What is it? Maxi McCain number three pick. And you know they, they have, they have the Clippers pick.


They they have a surprisingly high number of assets. I don't think it works because they have a similar problem to the Bucks. They have a 50 million or $60 million hole on their roster. Our hole is named Damian Willard. Their hole is named Joel. But they do have a shockingly high number of assets that augmented by getting the number three pick. I'm Giannis though. I'm staying in Milwaukee over going a Philly and rolling the dice with em Bead. Why am I doing that? Oh me. Yeah, me too. I I'm just putting that out there 'cause no one's talking about it. I think it, I think it's actually kind of interesting and if I was Giannis, I'd wanna stay in the east like it is. It's unbelievable. Oh, who's, who's your pick for the east next year? Well that's the thing, it's New York and Indiana.


It's rough. The Celtics are probably out of the mix. Your team's in there, Detroit. Yep. So Orlando, Detroit, I mean Detroit might be the one. I mean here's my advice to you. I have advice for the Celtics. Wait, hold on. The Celtics don't, I don't want your advice on the Celtics yet. No, it Ties to the Bucks though. The Celtics need to blow it up. The bucks though. The Bucks problem was trying to preserve the old model which was built around holiday pressuring the ball handler Lopez backing him up. The moment you get Dame, that whole thing needs to change. You need to reorganize the team, get a bunch of wings. Resigning Lopez was a mistake. You know, not prioritizing the wrong people, even, even at, at the minimum level was a mistake.


And to me, this sucks for Celtics, but they should trade everyone. And so You're saying the window, eight year window, it's now closed. Yeah. Blow it up. Rebuild around Tatum and You have a chance to rebuild it. 'cause you know Tatum what just started his extension? Yeah. Like this was the Buck's mistake. I I is the further you go down trading the future, you are so pot committed and so in the hole that it's, I mean best case scenario, people on Bucks Twitter are all about trade. Like the, their late first round pick this year to try to get two or trade their 2031 pick to get two picks this year. Try to just sort of get enough people and like pray for like two years from now when you have a 30 5-year-old point guard coming off in Achilles industry.


Like that's our best case scenario. It's, it's very ugly. It's not great. Well if you go through the contenders Oklahoma City, if they lose one of the next two rounds, I guess would be a possibility. But if I'm Oklahoma City and I'm taking the giant money Giannis is making combined with all the other money they're gonna have to show out. I'm not sure I'm doing that. Yeah. The problem with Oklahoma City is you're showing out money to guys who I don't think might not be worth that money. I mean they, they're, they're, I understand what they're doing, keeping all these picks and having a few stars and just continually cycling, cycling everyone out around them. I I love Jalen Williams on my fantasy team.


I've had him, It lasts two years. The regular season is not the playoffs. That, that is never been clear than ever. The problem though is any picks from a team Giannis goes to are worthless because Giannis is really good and will make those picks worthless. Right. So you need picks from other teams or a three, I mean they could maybe do a three-way sort of trade with the Palade very hard to pull or Portland or something like that. But very hard to pull off. All Right. So I'm gonna say O KC is a thumbs down. Celtics are a thumbs Down. They're in the conversation. But again, Presty probably wouldn't do it. I mean, I think realistically if he straight for, if they get the honest, they're gonna win. I mean the problem is I don't feel like Sam Presty really wants to win, which is why I am cheering against Oklahoma City continuously.


I offense, I feel like in the NBA you should have to go for, for It whip. That takes out tonight. Sam Presty doesn't really wanna win. That's a take. I would say he wants to win. He's trying to, he wants to build a 10 trying have decade Sustainable project. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. It's like, it, it's, it's the small market version of light years. This idea that instead of going all in around what you have and doing everything possible to get one. And by the way the buck got won. I am fundamentally, I'm disappointed. Giannis doesn't have more. I'm disappointed the books doesn't have more. I am very grateful that they got one. And we'll talk to Oklahoma Sym fans. If they end up getting it, then congratulations. I think that Minnesota's pretty good.


We'll see how it goes. If they get one, congratulations. If they don't, let's talk in a decade and see how you felt about the decade long project to make the Western Conference finals. I mean that's how I feel about the Celtics from 2016 to now. It's a nine year run. They won one title, but at least we had the one title. Yeah, you had, you had the Yiannis thing. Everyone is like, oh my god, Giannis, how is he in this situation? Well you made two massive trades where you gave up a shitload of assets and it paid off with the, with the title. Then it didn't pay off with Dame. But that's how you get in this situation. Yeah. And, and and at the end of the day, like I I, It lasts time I was on here was after the Dame trade. I, I should probably not come on spitting takes, I should come on eating some humble pie after how that turned Out.


We are knew about that for the entire summer. Yeah, You you are right. So I will come out and and admit that's the case. But you know what? I, they went for it and it didn't work out. And I had a decade of Giannis The Bucks won a title, which I didn't think I'd ever see in my lifetime. So yeah, at the end of the day I'm good and I practice self-care. I just don't watch too many Bucks games When I, when I realized what's exactly, what's gonna happen. Well, you talked about, so if you go through the contenders, Knicks, I mean I don't see, No, this is the one that bugs me. The Knicks blew their load and that's where I wanted Giannis to go. If, if this was going to go wrong, I wanted him in Madison Square Garden when a hundred percent would get the respect he deserves would get the internet fighters he deserves.


Right. And would just blow up that city. And alas, I guess if you want Mikhail Bridges instead better win this year or else you're not, you're gonna hear it from me for a while. Well What if they, what if the Knicks fell short in one of the next two rounds and then there's some sort of towns with Bridges for Giannis And the problem is they don't have any picks to throw in. Yeah, that's no good for the Bucks. I mean the the Bucks need, it's a small market team. Like you, you, you're not going to get a bunch. You're not going think how the Knicks built their team is all things considered pretty impressive. I think they went like, I think the Bridges trade was probably the mistake just because of how much you gave dramatic. Unless They the title then it's not a mistake. Exactly. No. That that's the thing.


I it is a little humbling that they've made it this far. 'cause I dropped that take earlier in in the playoffs on Twitter and Knicks fan's been throwing it in my face ever since. And it's a fair point. That's the other, I'm actually curious if you do you know, if you update the book of basketball again, which we all know, you know, now that you're a professional podcaster, I don't know if you've written anything in It's that above Typing. Yeah, exactly. You can't do it on your phone. Or maybe you can. Okay. But what, how do you evaluate players from this era? I just compared Giannis and Yoic. Right? Like if Giannis and Yoic play in the eighties and nineties, both who have games that I think would scale very well to those eras.


Yeah. In a world where the, the, the illegal defense player movement, all these sorts of things favor stars to such a massive extent. Do they have more than one title? Unquestionably does the fact the NBA is gonna have seven teams in seven years actually mean that both of them deserve a bit of a adjustment in their all time rankings despite only having one title. It, it's, it's pretty interesting to think about historically. Yeah. Because 30 teams a lot of talent. It's way harder to keep a team together like we're seeing now with the Celtics and some other ones. Yep. I always compare the guys in the era.


First you gotta start there with who are you going against and how much did you stand out? Both of those guys qualify. I think both of them are in that Shaq, Moses Hakeem kind of area. Yeah, I think Durant's probably in there Too. I think that's, I think that's right. Somewhere In that 11 to 16 range. And I think what Yoic has done year after year offensively might, might give him a little bit of a Trump card. Giannis is basically basically 30 12 and six for seven straight years. Right. Go through and look at the resumes. It would actually surprise you. The yo is one advantage look at is is one more MVP, which I think was BS, but whatever add in defensive impact defensive player of the year, all defensive teams and bill the Emirates, NBA cup.


Come on. Well wait, so let's go back to the exercise of going through all the contenders. 'cause you mentioned Houston. I wanna come back to them. Knicks are out. Lakers are out. Denver's out Indiana. I don't, I just can't imagine the right trade for that. You start going down the list. No, it's Houston, San Antonio, Houston and San Antonio. Houston's the one that team that should do it. Is there a Golden state anything? No. That interests you there? No, nothing. No, No. It's ridiculous. It this that the Golden State and their, their organization and the media and the fans have fully completed their transition to Laker dom, like just delusively overrating their their their players.


The, the, the, the assuming everyone will just end up on their team. There's no world. I mean, number one, they Did get Jimmy Butler somehow. As As, yeah, as long as we're insulting your takes Jonathan Mingus stinks, you know, athletic specimen to be sure doesn't know what he is doing anywhere on the court. I would love to see Giannis and Curry together. We thought we were getting that with Giannis and Dame moving off the ball. The problem the Giannis and Dane problem is, and this is a classic NBA problem. It's actually been really interesting to watch, which is one of my, one of the most interesting players I watched in the Bucks was Christian Wood. And Christian Wood was a very skilled player. The problem was he could only play as the number one guy.


He was completely incapable of scaling down to another position. Mm. And he wants to be the number. And so you could see what happens when he's the number one guy. He goes to Detroit scores a lot of points and that team wins like 15 games. Like that's the quality of his being a number one guy. And he also played the same position as Giannis. So some Bucks fans were upset when we shipped him out, but to me it was obvious he was never ever gonna be sort of a, a, a useful player in that regard. There's a little bit of a similar dynamic with Dame Dame's a great player. Now I'm not comparing to Christian Wood at all. He carried those Portland teams for years and years and he carried them mostly to the second round of the playoffs. And he couldn't really scale to being a number two when Giannis is a top two number one guy.


And, and he, and that was really the core problem when, when Dame played by himself, it was great when Giannis played by himself. It was great. And when Dame played with Giannis, it was this weird passiveness and like, it almost felt like, it felt like he was being passive aggressive about it. But I don't think that was the case. I just think he wasn't able to sort of scale in that way. And so from a basketball fan perspective, I love watching this with teams, right? You you see an up and coming team and they have to figure out organically who's the number one guy? Who's the number two guy who's number three guy. It's such, it's the human component of basketball. That's so interesting. And if I weren't a Buck fan suffering through it, watching the Gianni Steam experience was fascinating in that way.


And that's the fundamental reason why I think it didn't work out. Yeah, I noticed it. Why not really having a dog in the race. Sometimes guys really have trouble figuring out when to slide in and out. I think that's what's been so impressive over the years with Jalen Brown is he feels like it's Tatum's team, but he has a sense of when to come and go depending on the moment. Well at least. Yeah. I mean It's easier number When we have those guys together. It's easier when you have two number two guys. So, Well the only other team there was, there was a one too for, I'm ignoring you. There was a Memphis, like a Jaron Jackson one. But the reason I thought of the Moby was because you get a guy under contract for five years.


He's one of the 15 or 16 best guys in the league and still has some I think he is when I do Ringer hundred, I have him in, I forget what I had him in. It lasts one. But you know, he just won Player of the year year. The problem with all this stuff is the playoffs are so different than the regular season. It's a cliche, but it's more true than ever. Yeah. And the problem with Mobley and what you need in a guy like that is someone who imposes himself on the other team. Someone that the other team has to react That's not gonna be on react to. That's be constant either. I hate to break it to you. I don't think so either, honest. But I think there's at least the potential there. I mean I I You don I would say Moby has as much potential for that.


I don't know. He is been in the league five, six years. When, when, when is he, what have you felt Mobley imposing himself on you? Like Thompson has done that on the defensive end and occasional flashes on offense. Now again, to be clear, I don't think so. I don't think he's gonna get there offensively, but he But the ceiling's worth the bet. He's the and the the ceiling, if I'm the bucks, I can see it. To me the old the the the the, the play is again, the play is probably San Antonio, which is disgusting to me know. So you're Saying number two, Devin Vall to make the contracts work one other contracts ton of picks and then more picks A ton of picks. They have a, they have, they have a, a huge stash of picks.


And the interesting ones, like they have like an Atlanta pick. They have like the, the key thing is you need, ideally you get picks from teams. You're not trading Giannis to 'cause Giannis is going to make those pits, picks worthless. Right. And so, so you either need hope that the bucks can tank into a good player, which means you need the Portland picks back and the Pelicans picks back, which is gonna be really hard. Or you need someone like Thompson that I would love to get and Thompson jersey that does that does make me excited. That make me something like the number two pick that there, you got your, you got your tank tastic pick right off the bat and you can for that. So, and then, and then you're basically like, I don't care about our own picks.


That that's right. Those are some costs. Let's just try to figure this out. You need, You need at least one core piece, either the chance at it with your own picks or the number two pick or Thompson. And it's really hard to see anything else. I mean maybe the number three pick, but also it seems like Harper's the clear number two and I, I'm Still not sold on that. So by the way, I looked at my Ringer a hundred that I turned in for. It lasts time we did it, which is a couple weeks ago. I had Moby 13th. He's 23 years old. Yeah. You know, in NBA history, even if you put him at 13th, the gap between, I get it 1.5 and 13, it's astronomical. So the rid of the bucks just tank. Well I guess they can't tank. They have no fix.


Well the real move is to keep Yian and take it into the season. Say he's staying, see how it goes. And then he will probably have just as much, if not more value from December to February I would think. Yeah. It's just so hard to trade a contract that size. That's the other thing that makes us difficult is, is how many of these teams have sufficient flat sum to trade to make up that the salary difference. I mean I personally am probably the most pro Houston, even though I'm hesitant about Thompson, I'm pro Houston for Gianni's sake in that they are like a, an amazing team with no star. That's their problem. And Giannis, I think putting Giannis, they would have to build around him.


Yeah. But I'm not doing that trade if I'm Houston. If I have to also give up Thompson because I need him to be one of my best three guys to actually try to win the title if I'm actually trading for Giannis. You know what I mean? No, Because Giannis, because you're no, 'cause you're getting one, one of the best or arguably the best player in the NBAI think. I think Houston with Giannis with their assets wins a title with Giannis Thompson was their best player in the playoffs though. Van Lee, Dylan Brooks like that. I don't think that's a You need Thompson, you need all the stuff he does. That's, I was gonna make a joke about he was the best player in the playoffs that ended the first round. But as a Bucks fan, it's hard to Make I guess. Can't do that. Yeah, no. So you're thinking, so you would do Thompson, I think the Van Lee contract probably has to be in it to make the honest thing work.


Yeah. I I And then a bunch of Pigs throw out a fake trade somewhere. A bunch of trades. Yeah. I think ideally we would get someone like Jabari Smith too. Jabari Smith might be bad. His three point percentages are disappointing. I Like him. He Has, yeah, he hasn't played with great guards. So that, that's, that's kind of the argument for it. He's definitely just a supporting piece. Stick him In the corner and just tell the jack up threes if they happen to pass him the ball. And that's kind of what he does. Yeah. I mean I I I'm someone that's easy to get overly biased by, by Summer League. Java Smith was awesome at Summer League last year. He's like, oh the number or a couple years ago the number two player making a leap. Ahmed Thompson. Oh man. One of the best summer league debuts ever. Right. The just absolutely incredible. But yeah, it's probably Texas or bust Giannis by the way.


Very cheap. No taxes. He will like that a lot. That literally might be what pushes him over the edge. We'll see. I know. But see, the, the problem is, the reason I like the Cleveland trade for him was because, all right, if I'm leaving Milwaukee, I have all these ties here. I've been here since 2013. I wanna go to a place where I'm now the favorite to win the title. That's not the case. If he goes to Houston or San Antonio. Yeah, San Antonio. Do you, Tim And Mobley, he's now the favorite to come outta the east, like unquestionably with the team they already have. And that, that's what I thought was the appealing piece. Yeah. Well I think I I I don I get your point. It's interesting. Are you looking at it from the Giannis perspective or the, or the Bucks perspective? I I think you have to look at it from the Giannis perspective.


'cause you're throwing him a solid by trading him. 'cause he is your guy and if you wanna put him in a good situation in The Bucks Defense, I think they've made a lot of poor decisions. I don't understand why John got a contract extension. I think he's done a a, a terrible job. But they did spend a lot of money. They did win a title. I think they've done right by Jannis All things considered. And you owe it to the organization to maximize the return. But what If he, what if he calls, he is like, I will go to these three spots and Houston's not one of 'em. Then it gets a little, I I personally don't think going to San Antonio guarantees him anything. I don't know if one pajama like I do, we even know he's gonna be playing 60 games a year with his, his body makes me nervous.


He's already gone down once. Look, here's the deal. San Antonio may have a disappointing supporting cast. That supporting cast is like 10 x better than what the bucks we're trotting off this year. Well that's like, like I I do Think, but you're in the west. I'm in the west instead of the east. If I'm in, if I'm on Cleveland, I'm cruising. I have to worry about the Knicks and the Celtics two years from now in Detroit. No, I For Giannis it'd be great. I'm saying for the Bucks it'd be a disaster. You wanna Send them the other conference if you're the Bucks? Well, it's not even that. I don't mind actually, I would like Giannis to go to the East for Gianni's sake because I want him to win a bunch more titles. And it's definitely gonna be much easier.


If you're the Bucks though, and you are facing this one of the worst holes in NBA history. Yeah. You need more than Evan Moley. That's just sort of the, the long, so the long and short of it. I mean I actually, I know three-way and four-way trades are hard, but I think if this hap the only two, the direct trades that make sense are San Antonio and Houston, right? If there, if I, there are possibilities that are almost impossible for us to build. And you see some of these trades come down and they actually get really quite complicated the slotting Places here and there. So Gia goes to Cleveland, Mobley goes somewhere else, a whole bunch of stuff Goes down. Yeah. You, it goes to some other middle, you know, some somewhat contender and then some of those picks start coming back.


That, that, that would be, that would be, I think that that's probably a chance to happen. I Do you think Cleveland, what if Milwaukee came back and said, we'll do it if it's Mobley and Garland. So what we can have the same playoff performance Cleveland has had and We'll dump, we'll dump, we'll give you Giannis and dump a contract on and you can have Giannis and Mitchell then I don't think that makes sense if I'm Cleveland. Well, I don't know if it, I mean, were you, were you building for Milwaukee? Makes sense. Yeah. I mean if you wanna be a sort of a middling team that has a second round ceiling, then just keep you honest. That's, you know, a again, it's only, it's ultimately up to, I mean I, he, I not, he's, he didn't, he's not a US superstar.


He didn't grow up in that culture. He, he's well documented. His sort of background where he came from. He's very comfortable in Milwaukee. He likes The idea, won the title. You leave out the part that he has a ring already. It's not like he has to go chase. It's That, that, that's right. And, and you know, as by heart, my heart is split because it, it does kill me to listen to you, to listen to everyone else. I think Underappreciate how great he is because of how bad this situation is. And I want better for him. But I, man, I love having him on my team. So when I voted For him for third, for MVP, should I put little stars next to it to show how much I cared?


Or what did you want from me? Put a little chocolate on it. I, I just, I just, I I want, I don't want any comments about Tatum being better. I don't want him, Tatum was better for, For one, for Mo 55, 60 games of the year. And then Giannis, I came on like a freight train. Yeah. Giannis. I don't know. Giannis is a pretty good all year, by the Way. I'll say one thing. Can I, can I do one Giannis critique? He does get a free pass for how when his teammates don't play well when they're next to him, it's always their fault. It's a little bit of LeBron, LeBron ish. Ah, everybody like Malik Beasley's really good on Detroit now. How was Malik Beasley in the playoffs? He was good with Milwaukee the regular season also, and then stunk in the playoffs also. Grace and Allen was really good on Phoenix the year he left Milwaukee.


I don't know, it's just kids club with Giannis a little bit. Giannis fucked up on the Halliburton drives in that game that they blew like Yeah, Hal Went by three times in A row. Thought he was this octopus on defense. Grace Allen Great in the way season stunk in the playoffs. That's what happened to the Bucks too. You have a small guy with a slow release. They don't, they don't listen. Turned out what Gron Allen was the hero of the 2022 Celtics. Come back, look Jason Tatum at every one of those Coach K camps. Yeah. Should be buying Grayson Allen Caviar. Like, like do whoever. Super. I mean it was, oh, I I'm still mad at Bud about that. I mean All but we To guess it could, it could always get worse.


That's the bud lesson. Alright, so, so we go, you're, you're in favor of keeping Giannis or Godfather offer from San Antonio or Houston. 'cause the one other thing we didn't mention when Davis went to the Lakers, the Lakers really wanted Davis 'cause the LeBron and they had this window and they, they were gonna do whatever it took ish B when he really wanted Durant. He's like, fine, I'll throw in Cam Johnson, I'll do anything it takes. I don't know who the I'll do anything it takes to get Giannis team is yet. I mean that, that would only because It hasn't emerged. Maybe it'll emerge over the next two rounds. Yeah. I mean we didn't see Minnesota emerge for Gobert until the trade actually happened.


Right. And that package was pretty significant. And I think we can agree that Gobert is not even close to the level of a player that, that Giannis is. So, and that by the way, no one was putting in the Timberwolves as competitors. I am still not sure I like that trade to be honest, a few years later. But you can't deny they Gave away, they gave away way too much. They're, I mean what, But it worked out what both things happen could be. Right. I need a rankings prediction bill. Yeah. If Anthony Edwards wins this year. Yeah. At the age he won at, I mean, we're, No, you're in like magic, pretty serious discussions to be on Bird Magic Bird under 25 territory.


It's pretty crazy. I'm not sure it's fully appreciated. The, the trajectory that he might be on. It's, it's pretty amazing. Ben Thompson. You can follow or subscribe to this Streck newsletter, which has been a, an essential piece of, Does not have an NBA any NBA talk, which is probably best for everyone. No, it's good. Good to see you. Thanks for getting up early for us. Yeah. Talk to you later. Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Fantasy and Ariel and Zach and Ben and Gal and Eduardo for producing, you can watch these as video podcasts on Spotify. If you did not know that, you can check out the Bill Simmons YouTube channel for all the clips and videos from this and new re watchable episode.


Close Encounters of the third Kind. You can Check that out as well because that's on The Ringer Moves YouTube channel or on the Spotify as a video podcast or wherever you at your podcast. So I'm gonna be back on Thursday. We'll have lots to discuss, including a surprise guest. So stay tuned. Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus and President DC gambling problem call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com.


Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or Text Hope NY in New York.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. Every basketball team that's still alive in the playoffs has one thing in common. There are key trades and signings throughout the season, paid off giving each team the talent needed to make a run at the championship. With a small business, your success directly depends on the new talent you add to your team. And a great place to find that talent is LinkedIn. They know hiring is a big deal for small businesses, not only because small businesses are wearing so many hats, but also because every hire is crucial for a growing company. That's why LinkedIn pairs you with the best candidates using data you won't find anywhere else from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. So find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra. What do I look forward to every NBA playoffs season? Well, I'm always hoping the Celtics do well. I'm always hoping we have great storylines. Great games, great matchups, great game sevens. I just hope for good basketball. But the NBA playoffs are even better with Michelob Ultra. The official beer partner, the NBA plus, they're getting fans closer to the game with the chance to win courtside tickets and more. Enter now at michelob bocher.com/courtside. Michelob bocher superior access Courtside 2024 to 25 sweepstakes no purchase necessary open to US residents. 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit mlo bocher.com/superior access slash courtside for free entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules, message and data rates may apply void. Where prohibited.