
You're listening and watching The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel our friends America's number one sports book and they've made it easier than ever to get in on the action during an NBA playoff game. Even after Tip off, just look for the live SGP tab on the FanDuel sportsbook app and build your own bet slip and sit back, relax, track the outcome of your parlay right in the app. And if You don't already have it, download the FanDuel app today to make every moment more The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available. And listen to the end episode for additional details. Must be 21 plus on President select states Game prom call GAMBLER. Visit RG help com. Coming up.


It was a Game seven weekend Illa and I are here to talk about all of it. Next.


This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA Whaddya. Do I look forward to every NBA playoffs season? Well, I'm always hoping the Celtics do well. I'm always hoping we have great storylines. Great games, great matchups, great game sevens. I just hope for good basketball. But the NBA playoffs, they're even better with Michelob Bocher, the official beer partner of the nba. Plus they're getting fans closer to the game with a chance to win courtside tickets and more. Enter now at michelob bocher.com/courtside Michelob belcher's Access Courtside 2024 to 25 sweepstakes, no purchase necessary. Open to US residents. 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit michelob belcher.com/superior access slash courtside for free. Entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules message and data rates may apply Void where prohibited.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. Have new re watchable is coming for you on Monday. It's a big movie. It's a big, big movie. That's all I'm telling you. You've seen it Monday night. It's gonna be on The Ringer Movies YouTube channel. It's gonna be a video podcast on Spotify. It might be more than one part or maybe it'll just be one part. I don't wanna spoil. It Could be one part, could be two. Get ready. This podcast is gonna be back Tuesday and then Thursday. And you could follow the clips and videos on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel where we went live tonight after Golden State and Houston with Ryen Russillo.


And it's coming right now. First our friends from Pro Bill Simmons here with Ryen Russillo, it's Buddy Healed Day who knew the Nephew of the Clay Thompson game. We now have the The Buddy Hield game and also an incredible Steph Curry game where he is just getting doubled the entire time.


But buddy healed 33 points 9 4 11 from three and the Warriors hold off the Houston Rockets who were a tenacious band of pit bulls just coming and coming and coming. But unfortunately for them could not make a shot. Illa, what are you gonna remember about this game 10 years from now? 10 years from now? Probably not much, but it is not exactly on part of my favorite step game of all time in 2019. Scoreless in the first half and then 23 in the third quarter. So it goes for over 30 in the second. It's probably my favorite step game. But yeah, he wasn't, he wasn't getting it done. He was making other plays. Certainly his movement alone opens up other things for other people. But when a men Thompson couldn't contest on that three point to the right side, like the first thought is like he actually got an open look against a men.


Like he, it actually happened and then we realized it was a continuation of the calf injury. Yeah. That he had on that layup attempt. And so think if you're a Houston fan, you're probably not gonna remember this in 10 years, but at least this week you're wondering how the game goes if a man is able to just stay in there because it was, that was honestly I think one of the most defensively challenged series that that I've seen from Steph in his career. And granted he's older now too, but it was just a grind to even get open looks. Can I make the case for the Steph Curry performance? Okay. Can I zag? Is it zag time already? Well you're not comparing it to 19, right? No. Alright, Thank you. You know what I liked about it? First of all, I think Eime from the 2022 finals was just like, fuck this.


I'm not letting this guy beat us. I'm gonna, not only am I gonna double him when he has the ball and send second guys at him, I'm going to double him when he doesn't have the ball. Have you ever seen a guy get guarded with multiple guys when he wasn't anywhere near the ball? Because that's what they were doing. They were grabbing him. They were holding him. They were like double teaming 'em from back and forth and they were just like, you're just, you're not gonna beat us. So then it came down to Buddy healed and Penski for three quarters. Buddy was great. Pods was, that was a rough pods game. He played hard but But when you think, what did he finish with? He was four 12. He was four for 12. 1 7, 7 from three.


Yeah. All of those were open, but they basically were just like, we're not letting step, so Steph figures this out early and you can either try to go hero ball and just launch some crazy threes with a hand in your face or just continue to try to keep making the right plays, swinging the ball, trusting your teammates. It was a great trust, your teammate's performance. And then when, when they finally let up and he saw some daylight, he grabbed it and then Jimmy took care of the rest. But I, I really thought like he did everything you had to do in this game. That team, there was one stretch where they had Thompson and Easton out there with Jabari Smith and there was like this three minute stretch of defense where it was like, oh my God.


Like it seemed like a miracle just to get a shot off in 24 seconds. But they unfortunately couldn't sustain it and they couldn't make a shot. I I thought that was such an impressive win by Golden State though they were down to five guys plus Looney that you could trust. Five and a half, five and a third. Yeah. Ming got out there and he had some, he had some interesting possessions, you know, so if you look at that with Moody, he only played 11 minutes in this game. Yeah, I mean Draymond's 40 minutes and he hit a couple shots early but you just know offensively it's not necessarily something you can rely on. He had two shot clock threes in the second half. I think they're both in the fourth quarter. We're like oh my God. 'cause there's all these plays where the entire defense is designed to, we want it to end up in the wrong guy's hands.


Yeah. And if you're thinking of Houston and EM'S game plan and the players executing it, they actually executed it perfectly. You just don't expect Buddy Hills to go for 23 in the first half. Yeah. So if you don't have that second guy's, because even Jimmy is gonna go a little bit slower. Like there's even a few moments with Jimmy before that outburst where you'll like Van Velie got him on a turnover and you're like, man, you've got Van Vliet iso. Like you gotta, you gotta go with this guy. They didn't score a point for four plus minutes until you had that Jimmy Layup, then the threes and then you had the review on the layup after be forced the turnover when Van Vet pushed Butler and that pretty much was the game. But it's incredibly frustrating for a Houston team that probably feels like they did a lot of things. A lot of things right tonight.


But you know, they ended up with six made threes. Three of those were garbage times. So over the course of the game being competitive, a team that averaged 11 threes per game games one through six had three. So technically they had six in this one. But you know, when you and I were talking this morning, it's almost like buddy healed, even though Les is expected of them, took on the Van Leat role that we've seen in the last few games. 'cause that was a huge difference. We can talk big lineups, rebounding edge, second chance points, points to paint. All these things are real things. But Van Leat was playing out of his mind for three straight games in the series. Yeah. And I think if you're the Warriors, you're just saying yourself, is that gonna happen four times in a row? I'm gonna do, I wrote down with like four minutes left, the rockets were three for 14 from three, right?


As the game had gone South, south and the Warriors, how many turnovers did they end up with? Seven. They had five turnovers with like four minutes left in the fourth quarter. And Kerr, that's been his passion point. Like if we play defense and we don't turn the ball over, we're, we're always either gonna be in the game, we're gonna win. And the turnovers driving him crazy and this is a team that can get really sloppy with the ball sometimes. Not today took care of it. I that, that's another thing with the Steph game. Steph had two turnovers. How many times did he have two guys on him where he is like throwing the ball behind his head to Draymond or throwing these cross court passes or I don't know. I he finished 22, 10 and seven.


He led the team in rebounding. He led the team in assist, had two steals, two blocks. He led the team in every category except points and had Thompson coming at him. Thompson was hitting a point in the third quarter when he just seemed like he thought he could go to the basket every single time. 'cause he could. And then he was guarding Steph on the other hand on the other end and shutting him down. And there was this moment where I was like, goddammit, do I have to raise the ceiling of the Amman Thompson building? Do I do I I, because I had it set at 15 floors, do I have to like blow the roofs out and bring it up to 25? He is, I thought I had just thought he was such a gem. And I, I think you're right.


It's an interesting what if for them, if he doesn't hurt his calf, could they have like pulled this off defensively? My thing is they just didn't get any offense from anybody other than Thompson. I mean Shung Goon had some around the basket points, but everyone else, Jalen Green three for eight in what could be his last Rockets performance. Dylan Brooks, three for nine, Jabari, one for five Tar East and two for six. Like they just couldn't get anybody to get hot And then Van we couldn't do it. And the double big thing that's been such a huge part of this series where, you know, I think there's a version of how we talk about this and similarities to how we talk about Minnesota and Los Angeles where it's like running the football over the course of seven games.


If we play big and you play small, it's just going to hurt more. We're gonna get extra opportunities, we're gonna beat you on the boards and over the course of a series like having to do this every other night with us, you're going to pay some sort of tax. And you'd wondered if that's how this series had shifted because when we talked after game one, I remember thinking like remember they started Hacking Adams and they yanked him. I was like, I wonder if E's talking with his staff after the game being like, we should not have given in to them on that. You know, maybe it's worth it for us because of our defense to sacrifice whatever we're not getting from Adam as the free throw line. So guess what happened? They actually defiantly kept him in when they did it later in the series and, and it felt like, it felt like that was like this real turning point in this series that we're gonna stay big, we're st gonna stay in the zone and it doesn't really matter.


And then Ey clearly just didn't like what he had. I think the loony minutes probably changed up some of the calculation on that. 'cause Curb probably felt like he could just trust Looney a little bit more. A allowed 11 minutes from Loony. It felt like he played like 25 only played 11. They were Huge but important. They were two. You know when you trap Steph, like eventually he's gonna figure it out. And they had two in the first half where Looney was the release on that and he had a layup. Yeah. And then he had the free throws that was back to back possessions for three points. And then they started trapping him in the second half too. And that was turning into four on three behind him. Which doesn't guarantee open shots or anything, but I, it really just comes down to the shot making. I think that's what's so great about a man. Like I feel I'm with you.


I feel even better about him now going like, that was actually the only dude with the bonus his hands or is like, fuck this. Like I'm just Going old. Is he See 23, Let's look it up. I don't think he 22, 23, 20. He just turned 1222 in January. Remember those guys are a bit older coming out of Yeah, the pre-draft thing. God damn. Maybe like a year or two. Well You know the other thing, it felt like golden state. Like you were talking about the rebounding. 'cause I agreed like watching, watching the game go along, it's like, ah, they're holding their own today though. Houston out rebounded them by 14 and it really came down to when you only make three, three point shots in the first 48 minutes of an NBA game and the other team ends up with 18.


I don't care how many extra rebounds you get if you're gonna be minus 15 on three pointers, that's too many points. You know, it's just, it's, it becomes math after a while. If one team is gonna get 54 points from three and the other team's gonna get 18, Well this is the impossible number. They have 14 to three in the offensive rebounding edge. They only took two more shots. Yeah. And normally that's like a, a massive turn. You are. Okay, where's the rest of the math? Like Whaddya Do I have to figure it's only four worst turnovers on the Houston side of it. So normally when you're doing something like that, when you look at those Minnesota Lakers box scores, at times you just go, dude, they took at this point in the game when it's still matters. They've taken six more shot at 16 more shot attempts is yeah. Is the point I'm trying to make. 'cause you just go, you know, even if you're not even shooting it that well, that many more attempts, it's just, it's just hard to beat a team that has that many more opportunities.


And that wasn't even the case. Even though it felt like they were beating 'em up. I, I also felt like Golden State really battled around the paint on Those. They really did on those ball Where it's like, oh man, they're deep again. They've got a seal, they've got all these bodies, they're just taller and bigger than 'em everywhere. But they were fighting like crazy And It was like the Clippers yesterday. Same thing. Like just so much fight. Oh no. Bad analogy. No I that the, oh no, it was the opposite of the Clippers. My bad. I got my wire screwed up. Oh it was the complete opposite of the Clippers. My bad. Not a lot of fight there. From Which I know not lot. Not a lot of fighting over screens, protecting the rims, grabbing rebounds the worst. This is the best benign right Game eight guess save hearted.


Let's rest these dudes. So buddy healed, how many career playoff games do you think he's had counting the seven in the series? I don't know. 1911. All right. He's played 11 games in his career. This was easily the best one. So wait, so that's just the series last year with the Sixers where he didn't wanna shoot. Yeah, yeah that's it. And I was like wow, he really replicated the Clay Thompson game and then I was like I gotta make sure I can't remember the clay stats from that game. 41 points 11 for 18 from three Clay Thompson in 2016. So yeah Clay, you're safe, you're way over here and buddy.


But I mean to get that outta him and I've always kind of liked Buddy healed. It's always been one of those, you're always, you know, certain guys in the NBA you're glass half full with you're like, ah, it's the right situation. I could really see him thriving and it's just never really happened and it's sustained way for a good team. Then it's, you think is he just a good stats bad team guy. And then he just became a bad stats mediocre team guy and they sign him in the off season and he has a really good first four weeks with them. It's like, oh man, he might be able to be quiet. And then halfway through the year he is not playing anymore and then they get this out of him and they save him and now they live to fight another day. I don't, the Minnesota matchup seems pretty intimidating after what we just watched.


But a lot of pride on this. Steve Kerr, Dre Green, Steph Riera, I think, Yeah, I'll admit throughout this series, you know, even wanting the Steph thing to keep going because I just enjoy Steph. You know, granted they weren't gonna get OKC unless they were advance right and OKC advances, but it kept coming back to me and then even so with Minnesota's options and their size, I just was like this, this is a nice little golden state story. But I mean, come on. Right. Are you there? Are you gonna pick him against Minnesota? How healthy do we think Butler can be in a week? And how healthy did he look to you today?


It doesn't have a week. No, I know. I assume they're gonna lose game one. They just had, I mean that game they just played counted as like a game and a half. That's, that's the thing with these playoff games. Like it, if you start doing like was that just one playoff game? Like that game we just watched was a game and a half of, of miles and energy expended and you know, that was big challenging everything. Yeah, it's like the pitch count thing we always talk about. Yeah, that was a 145 pitch game by the Warriors just now that, and you're asking them to basically throw three days from now and try to throw seven innings again. So I just assume it's, It's, yeah, I mean they're playing in 48 hours man. Yeah, they're actually playing Lugg four, eight hours. So that might be one of those game one.


You know, I don't know what the line is yet here, but I'm sure it just got set. Yeah, I I really Well do you wanna, I have the series line. Do you wanna guess Minnesota Golden State Minnesota by the way. Minus 1 65. I mean you're getting really good at this. I, one of the things I'm proudest at in life is I felt like you were gambling. Gambling, what's the word? Lingual when I met you. But now I feel like, I feel like you could move to Vegas for a an NBA season and maybe make a run at it. You're, well I used To be almost there minus 1 55. Yeah. I used to be really, really into it when I was younger. Oh there you go. And it was dormant.


It was Van Van Pell beat out of you. No, luckily I didn't have enough money to ever get into too much trouble. Yeah. But it was, it was definitely something I looked forward to a lot. And then once I, you know, once I was at ES espn, like it was a thing that you weren't actually supposed to talk about. Remember? Oh, I, I, I remember So I got a couple phone calls. Yo, I don't know. So I I, I don't know how Minnesota, you know, I would've thought they were a healthy favorite in this one other than maybe public. Yeah. Minus 1 66 on FanDuel right now. But that's factoring in they're almost definitely gonna win game one I would assume they're just gonna have So much, what's the line on the game?


Line on the game is minus five and a half that'll go up. Couple other, couple other storylines from this game. Draymond defensively. Yeah, I know, I know. It's a theme over and over again today in this game. He was like a sweeper in soccer or he was like char on hockey. He was just under the, under the, in front of the net, just protected the goalie and just come jumping out from under the basket and swiping down and stripping or protecting the rim or going vertical. I thought he was incredible and they were able to steer the defense around him being able to do that and not really having to guard anybody and just pop out and help and jump in.


I thought he was awesome and those threes he hit was awesome. That was among the better Dre I get three years ago. I didn't think he still had a game like that in him when we were watching defensively in 2022. It felt like he was phasing toward the next phase of his career. It's funny when you play really high level defense and you just call like a two way player and I think there's an argument to be said that he is actually still a one way player, Right? Because there's not a lot of offense there. I'd say the layups, it's almost in his head a little bit. We saw some of it in game six where he had probably a better opportunity to just go at it and then see what happens. And then, yeah, when you start Contorting, when you start doing this stuff on the layups, I Mean plenty of guys screw it up trying to play for contact or whatever and then he is always good for a few passes.


You're like we're, 'cause some of some of 'em are, you know, look he's a great pastor. He is, he's one of the best passing kind of like hybrid guys of his era. But there's also some passes I think as he is gotten a little bit older where it's like man you were really forcing that one in there or he is just like swinging it to guys. Yeah. He's like, did you think you had an angle on any of that stuff? So look, all of that, the offensive side, whatever you get from him is a plus. He wasn't on the ball in this in this game tonight much at all. There wasn't a lot of Playmaking Draymond stuff if anything because it always felt like they were playing five against four when Draymond had the ball. Like there just wasn't a lot of room for him to find some of the stuff that he maybe would normally do in a regular season game but defensively to have to go up against and and just look, we know he is a tough guy.


We know he is strong as hell. I think there's probably a sh goon conversation if he's a little bit more polished and a little bit more aggressive even though he is incredibly skilled. I felt like tonight's a disappointing sh goon game because there's so many possessions where you're like, dude you had just, all you had to do was be big and go to the rim. You had Bas Against you'd switch. Yeah like just, just go for Draymond to hold up when he is battling Adam's end. Sh goon as much as he was for those minutes and him not getting a foul trouble tonight was a huge part of it. 'cause then Steve didn't, I don't know why I called him Steve, but why Ker didn't have to kind of manage his minutes at all. You know the ref, one of the last games, the ref did the challenge and he was given the verdict on the challenge and he said LeBron instead of James.


And I thought, I just thought that was really funny. I caught that. He was like LeBron had position first name or is this like a Beyonce thing now? Poor Poor. Mark Davis did a Christian Brown one and he called him Christian Braun. Oh You're him. You gotta confidence. You gonna be thinking like, man, I've been in the league a few years. Like come on A couple other notes from this game. Steph is now five and oh in playoff series against Houston. Now that counts the 2016 one where he got hurt and they won anyway. But they still have not beaten a team with Steph Curry. That's What his gravity's like though. Even if he's not playing, he's just in a building. Are we going gra wanna have a gravity combo just even street close gravity?


Well I think it's at least worth mentioning because you know, when I think of like we get to these points of the playoffs where if you don't like somebody and you have a platform, there's a really good chance that the guy you don't like gets eliminated and then you just get to say that the guy sucks. Yeah, it's it's almost this video game where there's just different tiers of like all you're trying to navigate is a way to get to saying the guy you don't like sucks. And the chances, like the odds are in your favor that you'll get to say it about certain players. And and my contention has always been like some players are really great and they're great in elimination games and they still lose. And when Steph doesn't have any points up until the very end of the first half, I'm watching it going well this is gonna turn into one of those moments where when everything that's happening offensively, you know, there's a few possessions where he just doesn't have it on cuts, but they're like the buddy healed left side first half three and Van Gundy called it out, they ran step through, everybody shifted to the right side.


Yeah. And then Buddy's fine. And then there's a Draymond Drive on the left side where they run step through everything. Everybody, it's like a wave of people just going to his side. So by him just being active, 'cause I think there's a lot of stars in those spots, especially a little bit older are just so frustrated they're not gonna cut. You know, they're, they're probably gonna put up a few more shots just to say at least I took a few and he, he really wouldn't even take the bad shots if he felt like it wasn't a good look. So you're Coming around. I thought that was, I you were, you're on my side now. I feel like I won you over. Well I, I think I I thought that was a good Steph game. I was ready to zag the whole time. Even in halftime when he had three points. I was like, you know what, I'm gonna figure out how to do this.


I guess I don't feel like you should have to defend the guy anymore at 37 years old and I'm not picking them in the next round. So this has been kind of nice. Oh, that But you getting off? Oh Yeah, Yeah. I don't think they're Gonna be, want me to help you, want me to help you with your bags as you get off the bandwagon. It's like 1923. You're just getting off, off the train. When I asked you did you pick or did you just give me the s I'm I'll I'll give you a thought in a second. Can I, can we talk about Steve Ker for a second? Because I thought he coached an awesome game today. What did you like, I rarely do this because this is the old Huey Brown thing about Huey Brown loved every time out.


I thought Kurt called like three or four of the best timeouts of the playoffs. He felt, and I I I only, we've talked about this in the past, there's only a couple coaches that really understand how to protect the lead. Where it's like, all right, we are up between eight and 15 points for an hour here. I can't let them get a run. I can't let the crowd get into it. I I feel something bad happening timeout right now. And he did it like every time I felt like, oh man, I think the wheels are about to come off. He was just like, I've had enough. He had that one play when they went zone in the fourth quarter and Van Gundy called it out and he was like, he needs to get Jimmy Butler back in the game to break this zone. There was like 10 seconds up in the shot clock and Kurt's like time out.


I, I don't wait. I don't like the possession we're about to have. Let me, let me preempt this to know, not know Whaddya you're getting from any of your bench guys. Right? Think about the bench. It was other than Looney just a complete no-show from everybody. He knows he has to play Butler and Curry big minutes. He obviously talked about that but I think they went 44 and 45 for minutes and it's like how can I, it takes Curry out with like a minute before the end of the quarter just to kind of buy him that little break. I just thought he did a really good job. So he called one at 9 42 when he didn't like it immediately and he wanted to get Butler back in the game. And I love that time out because I do think especially in this game where it was low scoring, you know there have been games in the past where you're watching a coach and he wants to make the substitution and then they don't have a stoppage, he doesn't wanna burn the time out and you're like, okay, well what's more valuable this time out?


Which again, I'd always want to have one in my back pocket, especially in an inbound in a close game. But there's also some math of okay we just went three possessions on offense without this guy. And in game six where Detroit beat New York Brunson left the game and then he went to go to the scores table at about two minutes left And Game five you mean? Yeah. Excuse me. Game five, right? 'cause they eliminated him in six. Yeah. So game five when Detroit won and granted they were dealing with a Brunson situation that isn't normal but ts is thinking clearly he's gonna get some kind of stoppage in there. And when I was watching it, I'm like, you, you just gave up multiple offensive possessions with him at the scores table because you didn't wanna call the timeout to get the guy in there.


And really when you think of the game and how close it was and who Bru Brunson is that was it The two minutes? Yeah. So it doesn't happen very often, but I'm with you especially on that one at 9 42. I have one other big storyline from this game. Is it Houston or is it Golden State? But we're gonna take a break.


This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA. We all have our routines during the playoffs. I'm the same man who once wore the same t-shirt every single day during the 2003 baseball playoffs. I'm the same person who will tell my wife to come into the room when I need a team to win because she's good luck during the NBA playoffs. These are things that happen. Well MICHELOB ULTRA, a great addition to any game time routine. It is a superior LIGHT BEER, it's really great and they're getting fans closer to the game with exclusive prizes including court side seats to see your favorite team play sign memorabilia lots more. Enter for your chance to win at MICHELOB ULTRA dot com slash quartzside MICHELOB ULTRA superior access QUARTZSIDE 2024 to 2025 sweepstakes no purchase necessary. Open a US residence, 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit MICHELOB ULTRA dot com slash superior access slash courtside for free entry. Entry deadlines and official rules, message and data rates may apply void we're prohibited.


Here's the other big storyline, Houston lost round one. And now I feel like if they won the Giannis trade becomes a little bit harder as a destination because it's like yo, we won, let's, let's follow the motto of KC and some of these other teams now it's like, hey, we lost in a game seven, we have a chance to get Giannis. What's it gonna, oh it's gonna be she goon and, and I don't know Jabari and Jalen Green pick three, Easton, Jalen Green, what three of those guys. And a bunch of picks for Giannis. Like let's go. Can we, we'll we'll resign babied for the extra year.


We'll keep Brooks, we'll have Giannis, we'll have, we'll have Thompson, we'll still have some picks and some maneuverability and let's overpay and they have the best chance to overpay and put Giannis in a situation. But as we talked about a week ago, they also have the best chance to give Milwaukee guys back because Milwaukee can't really tank 'cause they don't their picks. So they could at least give them a bunch of players to be like, yeah you guys are getting a ton of assets here. Who knows? Like let's say it's Shang Goon Tar Easton and Jabari, like that's a pretty good haul with all the picks for Giannis. So I, I felt like if they lost this game, maybe the Giannis thing becomes way more realistic. Do you, do you think I'm right?


Well I think the way it's discussed, I would say you're right. I resist all of that though. I think that's the dumbest shit you can do when you start planning based on like, hey we won a first round matchup but we lost in the second round. So if we had lost in the first round, we would approach our team entirely differently in the off season. You and I agree. I'm just trying to get trying, I'm trying to base that on the history of how the NBA has gone where people can fool themselves because they want around to be like, oh we're closer than we and I, I think they should try to get Giannis and if they can keep Thompson out of the deal, just do it. I would try to figure out a way to, to move some of these younger pieces because you have so many, there's younger guys that have value that don't even play.


And I think the damning part of this series is the Jalen Green conversation. I mean he's just, Is there a conversation anymore? Well I think there's a real conversation because the, the highs, whether it was the end of two years ago, which I always call the Gerald Green season, when Shung Goon was out, he was so good. I felt like he turned a corner. I felt like the light was kind of going off with him and some of his playmaking and then, you know, he is had his moments and we know Whaddya Do, can do scoring wise, but you know, the game when he had 38, it's like, see, you know, everything's fine, everything's fine. Well that was the aberration. I mean he had 7, 9, 8, 11, 12 and eight in the other six games. That's, that's not just like, hey he's young and, and I know this is early and yes he is young and all this stuff, but like men clearly needs to be the priority for him around whatever they do with Van Ble and whatever they do with Brooks.


So if Green is taking away shot opportunities from men next season, that's getting in the, the way of his development because you know, and again a man isn't even like fully formed and just some of his reads, his aggression, his confidence and jaylen's just kind of this wild card guy who drives and and the decisions aren't great and I, you know, if they had made it, I would've thought all of these things, by the way, if they, they've won this series. Yeah. If they had made it, I I to your point, you wonder if they go, okay, hey we took a step forward as an organization and you know, a couple things break our way or whatever. I would be really, really aggressive about adding to whoever you're keeping here and trying to get out there in the market.


'cause we're talking about Giannis who's, you know, never lower than third best in the world in the conversation. I mean who you know and you wouldn't do a amend for him. You would say, Hey, I'm sorry You could go forth in the world. No a men off you go forth Thompson's off the table. He's off the table. I'm not discussing him. Okay, so if it's a bidding war, 'cause if we're doing any kind of Giannis conversation, he's Not, you can't put Thompson in the deal. Like at that point I'm, and if I'm Milwaukee I'm saying the whole summer Thompson has to be in the deal. Well of course like we're, we're gonna do that dance back and forth forever. But ultimately if I'm Houston I'm like look you're not getting him. We have a ton of picks. We have all these other guys so let's figure this out. I think with the Jalen piece, the part that's disappointing to me because what I really liked about him when he had that moment that you talked about from two years ago was it wasn't just the scoring.


Like I felt like he was starting to totally create shots for other guys. Guess how many assists he had from game four, game five, game six, game seven, four games. Yeah, I have it up in front of me right now. Alright. He had, well for the audience he had six assist total in four games. So he's turned into this guy that he's either looking for his own shot or he is not doing anything for anybody else. And I feel like he's gone back with that. The defense certainly isn't on the par with Thompson and Neeson and Jabari who I think are just way, way better than him. And I don't know what he is like would you trade for him, let's say you're like, let's say you're a lottery team right now and it's like oh we can get Jalen Green pretty good contract 33 million next year.


What's he worth? Is he worth a top five pick in this draft? I would say no. No because you would still hope for like the unknown of hitting on somebody, the cost control of the whole thing. Whereas you as a team, like I wonder if Miami, but what would Miami be able to offer that would make sense? You know, is there some three team thing where Miami goes, you know what, we'll bring him in here and we're in transition anyway and we still think he's a really talented guy 'cause I think we have seen that talent. But this is a really, and if you're doing local Houston radio this week, you know it's a bummer of a Jalen green conversation. 'cause now he's just in a men's way. If you bring him back next year, he's just in his way.


If you were Houston, like if we were running Houston, we would keep Thompson and Easton and we would try to do, she goon with Jalen Green with Jabari, right? Those three plus picks. We'll take one of your bad contracts back with Giannis and let's try to figure it out. And now I get to keep Easton and I get to keep Thompson and I get to put them with Giannis. I bring Van V Black, I have Brooks back and now my team's better. And by the way, I like Jabari as an asset. I think he's misused on this team. I just think they decide they stick him in the corner. They don't run plays for him. I think he plays hard. I like him defensively.


I think he could be a stretch five in the right team. I actually, that's somebody I would target this summer if I was somebody else. Yeah, I still hold, hold out some hope for him. But he also showed that they handle things a real problem in this series, you know, and Steph had a defensive play against him on the left side and the baseline where Jabari's like, all right, I'm, I'm ready to start going to work. And like Steph knew he couldn't Dr so he just stayed straight up with him and he, he held up great against him and he had another play, I think it was in game six where he like went to kind of create on his own. I was like, damn it, you know, because I, I really like him and I'm with you. I think there's a role for him where he is playing 30 plus minutes a night and he's hitting threes and he's playing really good defense and all that kind of stuff.


Even though Steph got him on a switch, she was so happy to get him on a switch and not have it be a men on that layup in the second half. But the only thing I would say about the amend thing is if it's a bidding war, which I don't know why it would be that, right? Giannis has to go to them and say I'm good, but then also feel free to send me anywhere. That doesn't really seem to be the way any of this stuff works for stars or it's not just open for Milwaukee to decide where they wanna send 'em. So if Houston's not necessarily bidding against anybody and they put together a a sexy package, then you're right, they shouldn't have to throw 'em in there. But if it's somehow turned into there's four or five teams involved in this, you know, then it becomes the kind of conversation of like really you wouldn't occlude in men in there for somebody who's as good as Gianni.


But again, they Have the advantage though because again, Milwaukee needs to get players back so they can compete next year unless they just decide their picks on cost for a year. And Houston's really the only team other than maybe the Knicks that could actually give them pos that could still make them good. 'cause they have the doc situation too where doc's got two years left in his deal. He's never wanted to be in a rebuilding situation ever. So he's not gonna be happy, he's not gonna be psyched to just throw in the towel. Do you think this ultimately was a win for Houston in this playoffs? Would you say it's a W to go to seven against Golden State and then you lose in seven because your offense, which was the thing everybody was pointing at this entire season as the thing that was gonna sink you in the end and then that's exactly what happened in the end, If you label it just as the two losing to the seven, I think you're losing sight of how ridiculous the Western playoffs were.


Yeah. So other years you'd be like, what a huge disappointment. 'cause they're on the cusp of it. They fall apart a little bit at the end of the season, you know, 'cause they were one of these great stories and for two years now they've been one of our favorite teams to watch because all these guys and wondering how it's all gonna shake out. I still feel like the entire season is a, is a positive. I know it hurts right now, but it's a positive. And you lost the staff. I, you know, you lost the staff, you lost the Warriors. The history's terrible as you mentioned now with this group, this Warrior's group going against this franchise. So you know, even though it's the two, I would throw the two seven part of this out 'cause all of these teams two through seven were really close. Well also the Warriors lose that stupid Spurs game which comes back to haunt them because now they now Minnesota's the succeed with home court because they lost that ridiculous Harrison Barnes game where they were trying.


Yeah. And and the Spurs were just like, our season's kind of sucked. Wendy's been gone for two months. This will make a make our season if we can somehow stick it to you guys in this game. Chris Paul Barnes and they stick it to him and now they don't have home court. But I will say I'm not positive how much that matters for this particular Warriors team because we've seen them stink at home and we've seen them win on the road. So You know, the game game seven stuff is crazy too. Like NBA history, we grew up with that 80 plus percent chance of winning at home. Right. And now is it nine of the last 13 road teams have won? Yeah, It's absurd. You know who didn't win yesterday was the Clippers. Oh, Oh wait. So yeah it might be, it might be nine of the last 14.


The Clippers tried to keep it old school the way you used to remember the game Sevens. Yeah, I appreciate That. Golden State Minnesota. I think it's a really, really, really tall task for gold state when you consider that minga. Now I don't, do we see Dominga again if it's not garbage time, I'm gonna say no he was so bad in that, hey, not to defend Domingo, but I think Ker probably broke his confidence completely. And then I don't know what they were expecting was gonna happen if you're throwing him in. Moody's been up and down post has been up and down Peyton who missed the game today, which I forgot to mention might have helped the Warriors because Houston crafts this defense thinking we're just gonna double Steph everywhere and they, but make these other guys beat us and then all of a sudden buddy healed is in that painting spot playing big minutes.


Who can actually shoot, maybe Peyton does a make a couple of those but Is this a And by the way, I think you're right. I think you're right because you know, I think that's why we didn't see Quentin post a lot because even though the idea of him is a stretch five to try to pull one of those bigs away, I think Houston was thrilled that every time Quentin Post ended up taking a three in a playoff series or had the ball. Yeah. And almost all of these were high leverage moments. And when you factored in when he was at the rim for rim protection, you know, immense. Like this is, this is unbelievable. Thank you. I think Post still doesn't know what men did on him on that drive a couple games ago. So I think Peyton was probably one of those guys with the ball ended up in his hands a little bit too much post was one of those guys.


So now they weren't really even options tonight. And by the way, I know that the regular season series Golden State has the three one advantage. The last time they played double checking it was January 15th. I feel like Minnesota closed as the healthiest ver version of themselves and was still just a weird team because three of the games were in December. Can I intervene with you once I got a staged intervention? I don't think you can look at the regular season matchups anymore. I think it's a 95% chance nobody on both teams played in any of the games. I've just, I'm so, I feel like I want, I want the five hours of my life back where I've looked at different matchups and like, oh, Halliburton didn't play that game. No Mitchell that game. It's like there's, you're just learning nothing. It's not like it used to be even five years ago, they're be like, oh yeah, that February game when they all played and they won 1 38 to one 30, they, there's never a game where everybody played anymore.


I listen, we talked before the playoffs started about how Minnesota was a long shot that we didn't totally understand 'cause there was a path for them, right? Their path was beating the Lakers, getting home court in the round two against Golden State and then just basically being toe to toe unafraid against OKC. I think Minnesota should win this series and I think Golden State, I continue to think they're a guy and a half short. They're not even a guy short. They're like a guy and a half short and you're gonna need you, you need eight guys against this Minnesota team. 'cause they're deep, they have different lineups, they have size, they can go small. You have the Edwards piece where he's just relentless on both ends.


And I think Minnesota should be more of a favorite. I would've had this at minus 200. I think the Warriors are getting a lot of respect in this. I think a good team. You know what's really funny is everyone from Minnesota has played in this Has what Played in the four regular season games. Is that true? You just looked that up. I knew it was gonna happen because you're right, your general point Is right there it is. There's the 5%. But see There's just a lot of times whether it's who played, 'cause Draymond missed a couple. So Golden State has a three one edge, but I don't know that you can look, and this is the thing I always struggle with every single year is, so you're watching Golden State and they have this great closing stretch.


Okay. Houston felt like they competed throughout the entire year. So those felt real like closing, like a closing month if you'll gimme a month. Yeah, the Clippers felt like a real closing month. Okay, well does that mean that that was all misleading because Denver went into it as the worst defensive team in the playoffs. The Timberwolves closing, the way they closed felt real. That's why I picked them. And also just because I felt like how is no one picking them like this isn't, this isn't that daunting to go up against Los Angeles and Well They, there's, did you know LeBron was gonna sprain his MCL near the end there? I didn't know that. Who knows that last seven minutes of that game five, This isn't even a LeBron thing we re Getting.


He hadn't his MC We're getting updates on injuries. We're like, hey, the normal time frame for this Michael Porter's Jr. Shoulder thing would be four to five weeks. He looked great in game seven. Thi this, you're right, this is a new language this year. Normally he'd be out 10 days but he's gonna get through it. They did it with the, They were on today, they did it with Austin Reeves, they did it with LeBron. So LeBron's not the only one. They, we've got like a first team of, he would've been out. Can I Hand, I'd like to raise my hand on this one. Please do. Everybody's hurt in the playoffs. Everybody has injuries, right? Like the Celtics are starting, they're serious tomorrow. Drew's gonna play. He has a hamstring. They probably rest him two more weeks. Tatum hurt his wrist. If it's December, they're probably sitting him for two weeks.


Jaylen's got the knee like it's, it's May. I would expect people to get hurt. I'm sure Steph has like two injuries that we probably don't even know about. Steph's hands, all these guys are fucking banged up. Steph had that crazy thumb thing, right? It looks like footage from some sort of like pharmaceutical ad during the commercials or you just go, if you're experiencing growth on your right thumbs He get stung by a stingray in Cabo. Although I've, I'm Chris Finch watching the tape of this series being like, are we also not gonna get called for anything off the ball with Steph? Like this series when they called the off ball on Chin Goon Yeah Kerr. He may just run that on a loop and they'll have like a celebratory dinner and just be like, let's not get ahead of ourselves.


It was only round one. But I think we should all get together as an organization. Cake and Champagne that there was actually a foul called on Steph at some point in the series because you know, He, it Was un it's gotta be one of the most disre disrespectful star whistles. And I know the off the ball stuff is just never policed the same way. I just thought at some point the rest might be like, let's call one of these early to see if they know I didn't, you were allowed to bear hug somebody off the ball. There was one fan, Like it's ha it's happening now regularly with the in or at least in that last series it did. They're just bear hugging him. If you're wrestling with your younger brother and he is just weaker than you, unless it sucks and he's just Kyle Long and you're Chris Long, but you hold your brother's arms out and you're like, why are you, you know, not necessarily making him hit himself in the face, but you're just holding his arms and there's nothing he can do in in the wrist control and all this stuff.


There was one play where Van Fleet had both of Steph's wrists, Right as he was trying To like get off of some sort of screen. They were setting off the ball and he was holding both of his Arms. If you're, if you're defending somebody the same way you would hold back one of your buddies from trying to take a swing at the bouncer at two in the morning, that's probably a foul. Yeah, I, I'm glad they won so that it doesn't sound like it's, it's making excuses. Buts they Got away with, it was smart. They got away with what they wanted to get away with. If Minnesota can get away with that, but they also have one of the least respected stars whistle wise and Ant. But it's for different reasons. 'cause Ant plays to avoid doesn't play to contact. Like Luca plays the contact, some of these guys are really smart.


Like knowing Brunson, Hey, if I just play into the contact, like it's gonna go my way. Ant is so dynamic that he's avoiding everybody, right? And everybody's just in awe of his athleticism. And I think a lot of this stuff with Steph is he's not gonna get the foul calls because they're not just traditional drives towards the hoop. Granted, if he's fouled on a three point attempt, that's different, but the off the ball stuff with him in a playoff series and good for the defense for getting away with it. But it, when you really lock into it and watch it for a few possessions, you just go, dude, I can't believe somebody wouldn't wanna retire. Like this is what, this Is what I have to do. Or that why he, he's gonna punch somebody. You know what's crazy? So you get Minnesota Golden State, that's a great series for the league, right?


Curry versus Edwards. I think both of those teams are really fun to watch. I did not think Steven Gen Poky, Right? I didn't think Houston was very fun to watch. Just for the record, not not bummed out to not get them for the next two weeks. I was pretty much done with Houston Rockets basketball games. No offense to their fans, wasn't exactly a great hang. It's like, oh cool, it's 74, 72 with five minutes left. Minnesota Gold State is a great series and yet it's not even one of the two best series that we have left from like a big storyline basketball standpoint because that Indiana Cleveland series and we've been talking about Indiana for weeks now and the people just haven't been on it.


No, You've been on it more. I, I know that I'm labeled as more dismissive, but today was tremendous. So go ahead. Well That, so Cleveland was minus 500 In the series, In the series series. So you bet the Pacers, I I have multiple Pacer bits. I did the Pacers plus two and a half for the games that'll go like six or seven. I did Pacers in Six was 10 to one. I bet them today. I was just like, especially when Gar, no Garland. It's like this is, these teams are even, I looked up the last 50 games. Ow. Cleveland was 35 and 15 in the last 50 games. Yeah. And the Pacers were 34 and 16. And if you look at the net rating, the calves were like 7.7 and the Pacers were like 5.1.


I think they're pretty even teams and you saw it today, like when the Pacers, when they can play the pace they wanna play and they suck you into it and teams get sucked into it and they can't help it. And once we're doing this they're like, they're happy they're in, they were getting the matchups they wanted. I think they can play with that team. Like I wasn't surprised they won today. I think it's gonna be a long series and I actually think it's probably the best basketball series of the four just for like, I don't know what's gonna happen. The styles are great. It's the styles make fights. It's a great series. And I thought that first game was awesome. Today was awesome. That Was an awesome basketball game. Okay, now I'm gonna, I'm not gonna, you guys, you here. Yeah.


But there is something with the gambling world that I actually get annoyed with. Did you pick the Pacers to just win the series though? I, I mean I bet them to win in six but You, you, you bet them with the payout at 10 to one. Yeah. I thought that the best value, if I at Gun to my head I would've probably said Calves in seven. Right? If I had to a pick, this is the point I'm is Hits, but I do, I think Hits hits The Pacers come in at seven Sure Hits. I just feel like it's a 50 50 series is my point. It's not a minus 500 favorite series. Right. But what happens if you pick the upset but you put a ticket on a five to, to one payout or a 10 to one payout. Yeah. Then I've noticed, I don't know if it's you but guys that I follow that are really into gambling and be like, well you know, I picked them and it's like, no, you picked the odds, you picked the value fair.


You didn't pick it Straight up. I picked, here's where, here's where I took a loss. I picked the Clippers against Denver and I had Clippers stuff multiple places and I know we're gonna talk about that in a second. But that was one where I was like, I think the Clippers will win this series. This Pacer's Pacer's Calves is more, I think either team can win this series and I think it's a 50 50 series. I felt that going in and I, and now that they won game one, it's, I hasn't changed. I don't think it's 60 40 now. I, I just think either team can win and the Garland thing is a big deal because they needed this three point shooting. You can see it today. I think they were like eight for 39 from three. You know, it was a lot of Ty Jerome, Ty Jerome.


20 minutes. Fantastic. 30 minutes Now we're pushing it a tiny bit. We were talking about what's real right? As teams close out after the Allstar break before, let me just do it this way. Before the Allstar break, the Pacers were 21st in defense in the NBA after the Allstar break. They were eighth. So the thing about them that always bothered me against another talented team was you're just gonna be able to score against them whenever you want to. And last year's playoff run, that was still true. There were injuries against teams they faced, we've covered all of this stuff. Yeah. But if you wanna look at a team or you go, hey, something's a little different there. Now I don't know if the Cleveland closing numbers for that team are as relevant because they were at such a ridiculous pace through so much of the season.


They knew they weren't gonna lose the one seed. I felt like a lot of the Cleveland games I watched like, I don't know, maybe they're, they're still too new to feel like they're taking the foot off the gas. But it felt like that might have been a misleading closing part of it. Yeah. But that pacer defensive thing is real. And I wondered also too, like in the series against Milwaukee, I'm like Carlisle is really gonna play 10 or 11 guys. I think he put Ben Shepherd in a game as the 11th guy in the first quarter of a playoff game. You know, that's my all-time pet peeve Who does that? And yet he played a ton of guys again today. So there's a lot of stuff that I really like from the Pacers today and the Garland part of it's totally true because as much as we both love Ty Jerome, he can't be taking 20 shots in a playoff game In 29 minutes.


And also and some of them are rough. It, it hurts the calibration of the team too because Now you don't have him coming off the bench in the same way to swing a game 'cause he is just out there playing most of the game. I, I will say this, if garland's not gonna be a hundred percent healthy in this series, I actually think Indiana is gonna win. But it seems like that injury, like whatever, they're being careful with it and it seems like he's gonna be able to play with it and not be completely compromised. But You could ar argue three point variants in this one too. 19 to 36, no question. Pacers nine of 38 for the Cavs. The alarming part about the film, if you were gonna go back and watch this, the Pacers shots were open the majority of this game and part of that's Halliburton's brilliance.


Like I know people, he's a funny one too because it's like man, when he is really rolling do you realize how special he is at breaking the paint getting past the first defender? Then the help defender thinks that maybe he's giving up on his drive and then it's too late and he's already by you. But people are collapsing. He's finding open shooters all over the place. I think he could have attacked even more if he wanted to today and I'm by the way, he had 22 and 13 and I think he leads the league for me. And when I watch a Pacers game I'm always like, just go buy him. Just go buy him. Yeah, you find your yourself saying that with him constantly. Just go buy 'em. You know you can a lot of, A lot of open looks because you could tell when Cleveland cranked up its intensity and Atkinson did the in-game interview.


He was almost sitting there like a fan going, this is awesome isn't it? But he also felt better 'cause Mitchell was just driving at will, which I think there's gonna be a lot of that in there. Like Miles Turner being pulled away is a problem. They don't have any depth behind that against the two bigs for Cleveland. Although Atkinson did separate those guys the way he normally would. But I was really, really impressed with the Pacers and I, I don't know if it's just the three point shooting, I don't know if it's that even though the Pacers are better than Milwaukee, this might've been a wake up call for the CS being like that heat series was as battle's garbage a series as you're ever gonna see in the playoffs. Do you know that was the highest point differential ever in a four game sweep.


Really? That was the biggest point. Differential four game sweep in NBA history. That's how disgusting that first round series was against Miami. So you've gotta wonder if Cleveland had a moment where like, holy shit. Yeah, but you know what though? We both watched the whole game. I thought Cleveland played hard. I the Pacers came out. I've seen them do that where they, it it, they just put you on your heels, they turn you on track meet and you get excited 'cause it's the first game of the series like all right, let's run, let's go. And it's like that's what exactly what they want you to do. Cavs tried to started slowing it down. Mitchell took over and if you're the Cavs, I think you would take Solace watching the tape tape.


The Pacers made some dumb shots. Like what? What was that one? Emhart, he made like a 29 footer at one point to the right side. Yeah like two seconds something side and then he made another one then top and made a couple and it was just like every time they needed a dumb shot to go and it did. But I thought Halliburton was the, I thought he controlled the game offensively. Especially some of the transition stuff, which I think if you're Cleveland when you, you have guys out there like you know Wade and what's in Stru. Like I, I thought athletically they were kind of trying to make the calves pay for are you gonna put those shooters out? Were gonna go go go on you. And the other thing that was interesting to me was Halliburton attacking Allen, you know, who I think is a really good defensive center but he was like, come on out here, let me do my yo-yo thing with you and and he got 'em a few times.


Yeah that one I watched where I think the league's like letting guys change their pivot foot a little bit more than I ever remember when you go, when You take the five steps backwards to shoot the three, The the backwards travel thing. I've never, and I guess it's legal but I, I don't understand how that evolved into something but look, everybody does it so I'm not even making it specific to anyone but Halliburton got Alan on one. Yeah he got Alan on one of those and then the drive where he like delayed it mid drive and then went that was straight, that was two steps that wasn't even like yeah an NBA two and a half or whatever. That was like a real drive And it reminded me a bit of when the Celtics, I can't believe you're not doing this and I'm doing it but Tatum, I dare you.


I think the Celtics preferred Alan against Tatum in a switch because they like Tatum being, hey look it's just a lot to ask any seven foot guy even as great defensively as some of these dudes are to hold up. That's what made Barnett so special is it's just like, oh you're gonna switching to me like Whaddya Do nuts. But Tatum likes that matchup because it's also pulling Alan away and everything else and I'm with you. I thought Halliburton was in complete control every time he had the ball to the point where it's like I think you guys could actually do this more. But the balance was so incredible from six guys tonight including all the starters. It was, I I thought it was just off the charts impressive because then you blow the lead, Mitchell's going nuts although we can't hit any threes.


That place is on fire. Like the announcers are basically saying hey man. Yeah like Greg Anthony's like I think this is the loudest building I've ever been in for a playoff game. Yeah. So down Greg and To be on the road and blow, well not blow the but you just expect the calves are gonna have some kind of fight in them and then still respond and close it out. As impressive as a win as like I'm not gonna say today but I think it's just out there with anything else we've seen. Yeah for this Playoffs that move Mitchell has where he drives right at the guy and he does the high dribble. Oh that's awesome. And he carries the ball by his head and then rips it forward and comes in and I was like where have I seen that before? And I haven't thought about it for like an hour. It's Dwayne Wade's move. That was the old Dwayne Wade.


Is that, are those the only two guys that had that? I'm trying to think, did Kobe have that? I feel like Kobe had everything he splits. Did Kobe do that one that high bringing the ball up high and then you're almost like driving the ball down into the guy and then bouncing off and JR Ryder maybe No Isaiah Ryder changed his name. Yeah, I just, Mitchell was great. You know what I loved about Mitchell in that game it was the same reason why I felt like he had to be a top five MVP thing. Like he could feel what was happening and he is like, I got this, I got this. And he really like legitimately took over the game and swung it for a couple minutes. This series is Awesome. It was 68, it was 80 68 and he drove six straight possessions.


Just drove. Yeah. And with him, you know he's probably as good as anybody is splitting the two defenders, which is, you know when Kobe, I think Kobe's probably the best I've ever seen at it. Wade always wanted to reject the screen a little bit more than you'd expect. But with Mitchell you don't even necessarily need, like sometimes you just screen to try to get people moving around and figure out where the help's gonna be. All the stuff it's, it's not as, as much as it is hunting the big all the time. But Mitchell, he can beat the guy off the dribble and then he can beat the help defender. He can split a double, he can, you know, he can do anything that you really ask of him there. But if he is not gonna hit his threes, you know, I mean You don't expect him to shoot that poorly 1 4 11.


Yeah, if I'm Indiana I'm psyched because you, I almost feel like you have to win game one on the road if you're gonna win a seven game series where You don't have the home court like you otherwise now you're looking at you have to win four outta six and it's just the math becomes too hard. It always seems like winning that game one is huge. I think they know they can win there and I continue to think that's as good of a team as anyone in the east. Boston obviously has a higher ceiling. Cleveland has the pedigree from the season and probably have the best player. I would say Mitchell's slight edge over Halton but I think Indiana play with both of those teams. I was talking to my dad today, my dad's like who would you wanna play in round three if we get by the Knicks out of these two?


And I was like, we wanna play Indiana 'cause we'd have home court. He's like yeah good point. But man they're scary like but like and both of those teams have played the Celtics really well and know that they can hang with them and potentially beat them. You know and for the Celtics health is gonna be the biggest enemy for them these next two rounds. Whether they can on a back to back season try to keep everybody upright and playing big minutes. But I think all those teams are really good. I think Indiana, if Indiana made the finals, I wouldn't be shocked. I wouldn't, I'd be a Little surprised. I'd be shocked if Golden State made it with how limited their roster is. Like if they actually put together two more rounds, that would be like playing Quentin Post and come good mo hoping Moses Moody's making threes and like that would be shocking.


I would not be shocked by Indiana. Like Carlisle, even though he plays a ton of guys, he knows what he's going to do over the course of a game and then he can kind of figure out how he wants to close. Kerr doesn't know who he's going to close fourth quarters with Ray. He's this late, late into The season. He's like Moses Moody can't make a shot today. Cross him off game fourth quarter, nine fourth. Yeah he's Turning around Going. He's like, who? Hey do we have anybody else? Is Andre go all over the, oh no he's not on our team anymore. You know the other thing with Indiana that I think's interesting, everybody they bring in, I like, Yeah, you like Juris Walker. I even like him. Yeah but like Toin right? Do you like on that? Wanna but when Toppins open in the corner, do you think the shot's going in in the fourth quarter?


'cause I think it's going in After that Minnesota run. Yeah, When TJ McConnell's driving to the basket, I'm like, I think he's gonna score. I think they're a good team. Continue I I thought they were the best value for all the bets before the playoffs. 'cause they were like, you Have no hesitation then. I mean Thomas Bryant's out there, right? They're playing OB topping at the five against the Cleveland options that they have five, Five minutes for Thomas. But I'm like, I just think Carlisle was showing off at that point. He's like, you don't think I could play 11? Watch this. Doesn't that mean doesn't to, isn't Thomas usually the 12th guy?


I'll tell you this, if Garland's not healthy, I think Indiana wins the series and if Garland ends up being healthy, I still think they could win it. I think it's goes six or seven. I thought that was a great bet. That was one of my favorite bets. The Indiana plus two and a half. Let's take one more break for the podcast then we gotta talk Clippers.


This episode is presented by State Farm on the basketball court. The best players know when to pass and off the court. You still need teammates who are there when accounts. That's where State Farm comes in with agents to help you find coverage that's right for you. You can focus on what really matters. Whether that's hitting game winners or just getting through the day Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm coverage Options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state.


This episode is brought to you by Better Help. There's still a lot of stigma around mental health. Let's change that. This mental Health Awareness month, let's encourage everyone to get support when they need it. And if you're not sure where to find that support, check out better help with a network of over 30,000 licensed therapists, they can help you find the right fit. We're all better with help. Visit better help.com/ Bill Simmons to get 10% off your first month. That's better. Help hlp do com slash Bill Simmons.


This episode is brought to you by vrbo. Private Vacation Rentals with vrbo. You can save over $200 on select homes when you stay for a week or more. Say you wanna go catch a few baseball games in Boston, take some time off work flying to Beantown, watch the Sox play after that. You can do anything. Go book a VRBO in Cape Cod for a week. The world is your oyster or lobster roll or clam chatter really if it has shells, gills and is indigenous to the Atlantic, it's your edible metaphor of choice. They're crustacean crazy down there. And guess what? Since you stayed longer than a week, you saved over $200. You know what that means? More shellfish. I love shellfish. Hope you're not allergic Next Vacation. Stay longer and save. Make it a VRBO


Clippers. So big picture. I think this is the rare series that was decided in game four. You see this sometimes where sometimes the games, I know it's weird to be like Game seven, anyone can win. And the line certainly reflected it. The line was even then it was minus one then it ended at nuggets minus one and a half, which I asked FanDuel like have we had a Game seven line that low? And we really haven't. Like they're usually like three and up for a game seven. So even Vegas was like, we don't know. But I think game four, which we talked about a week ago, the one I went to at the, at the Intuit and the way the Nuggets played in that game, the desperation they had where Yogi Gordon Murray were, all of them were like, we have to win this.


And they end up at they win, win it on this crazy AlleyOOP. But the desperation they showed in that game versus the desperation or lack of desperation the Clippers had yesterday was pretty telling. And I don't know what happened. I dunno whether Clippers wore out. It's an older team maybe playing on Thursday, maybe the Denver altitude, maybe they kind of deep down knew they missed their shot in the series. But that third quarter, which I asked to rewatch this morning, the first five minutes of the third quarter for the Clippers, was one of the, one of the most future embarrassing displays of basketball on both ends. I can remember 'cause it was an eight point game. Kauai hit a three and then for the next four minutes they just took a complete shit on both ends and there's 20 mistakes.


It's just awful. And that was it. That was their season over in four minutes basically. It was really bad. And I don't know what they do now. I thought the Clippers are gonna win the series. You know, back to that closing part of, it's like you realize how bad Denver is defensively. I didn't like their defensive options. And I think we're gonna see those exploited again on the perimeter against the KC team that has its shit together. Certainly more so than the Clippers. Do you know, I watched the third quarter again this morning because you asked me to and you're like, what happened to you guys? Like I, I know they were kind of like trying to figure out how to like the done parts that were good defensively.


Clearly he was the guy that was getting exposed as they ignored him offensively. Yeah, I think Zoo is a great story this year. I thought Yoic fought him way better in game seven than maybe you'd expect. There's some really good yoic numbers as far as like defensively what the averages would be for the Clippers at the rim. Yeah, against everybody. And so know that's always a Big deal too. That's The thing with him is he is least positioned better. And it was funny 'cause you know, he was just so bad defensively in that first half of the game. They ended up winning. But I don't, I have a lot on Harden if you want to do it. I just don't know that any, like I have stuff specific to the third quarter, but it's just crazy to see the cycle of the harden conversation happen all over again.


It's like what? Who's even, what is the debate anymore? Like at this point I actually have sympathy because clearly there's something, Well it's weird had, but he had a sis in the first half, which kind of, he had 10, which kind of shielded some of the stuff that he did that fucked him over in that first half. Like just not running back on defense, being lazy, you know, in a bunch of different ways of with specific plays. And then in the third quarter he's like, I'm taking it up two notches. And he was so bad for five minutes He played. So I went through it and I was really focusing on him. You knew it was bad. Like you can just tell if you've watched it enough, you can tell, you can see it and you go, oh this is a problem. His first technical shot, his first actual shot of the game was about 55 seconds left to go in the first quarter.


He had gotten free throws on that bullshit arm hook thing that he does at about the two minute mark. He had let Watson get behind him after a make like you didn't, there was no one else in the area other than just, I'll let a super athletic guy just kind of get behind me. 'cause whatever he played the entire 12 minutes, I counted the number of times he actually got inside the three point line. And I'm not talking like a foot over the line, I'm talking like got into the, got into the offense of all of their possessions in the third quarter. He stepped inside the three point line. Three times. One was an atrocious lob attempt. There was another play where he was on the right side and there was another one where he played for free throws on a fa, he was hoping to get fouled on this layup going against Jamal Murray.


And he lost it. So, alright, he doesn't wanna shoot fine, he doesn't wanna move fine. I mean he's standing by the Ball and they're killing him on defense, Right? They're, he's standing on the Ball Arena logo, which is like by the coach's box and he, he just can't, there's one play where Kua gets totally shut off in the paint. He's like at the free throw line. He, he's at the paint Denver scrambling on defense and he looks to hard and all Hardin had to do was take two steps just to get there as a possible option to catch at the three point line. And Hardin couldn't even move in from the five feet there. There is something that happens with him where his regular season brain and his approach to dissecting everything, there is a speed difference. There's a pro because obviously he, look Austin Rivers was just on with me last week saying he's one of the three smartest players he's ever played with and I'll give it to him.


'cause you see the moments where he's diagnosing everything that's gonna happen and how the help and which matchup makes more sense. But there is something that happens to him when he is in these high leverage moments that he's just clearly uncomfortable. So it's like, okay, you don't wanna shoot, you don't wanna move. Can you at least be positioned somewhere, the Aaron Gordon Tippen, he just lets him just step right in front of him and look right, Stop, stop boxing out dudes. It's not, yeah, it's not just basketball, it's, it's the same fight we just watched from the Warriors. You watch and you go, where's the fight? This is game seven, you're going home. If you lose this game, you realize that, right? And you just don't see it. You saw it in game six, game six. He did, he came out, he was aggressive, he was attacking and it was like, oh, this guy really cares that they win today.


Game seven didn't seem like he cared That six or series against the Celtics a few years ago. He saved their ass. A couple of those games early on. Right? And as, as somebody who's been well positioned on this, like I remember being on Sports Center 10 years ago going, yeah, something's wrong here. And, and you know, people were like, oh he had a concussion. It was like that spur series, remember? Yeah. And you're just like, Whaddya Do think he has a concussion. So that's, that's what happened. And it's like, okay, what about this year? What about this year? What about the Warrior series? What about the 18 closeout game? What about the 19 close? Like it just goes on and on and on. And I don't, I don't know why it keeps happening, but it's like, okay, so you don't wanna shoot like whatever it is, you're not comfortable, at least do something else.


And I think it's a really good lesson in the first half tonight of where Steph is struggling and nothing is easy and he can't get an open look. And it's like, okay, but there's still a bunch of other ways I can impact this game Right's. Re he ing, he's playing defense, he's scrapping, he's trying to create stuff. Well Zach, so our friend Zach Lowe, when he wrote his hard and playoff piece that was heading into round two of the Laker series in 2020 When they won game one In, he had in that piece he had in 15 games facing elimination since 2013. You know, hard at 90 assists, 79 turnovers, 40% field goal.


The crunch time stuff was really bad. 38%, nine for 50 on threes and crunch time during that stretch, right? Damn. Well since then, 20, that's six more playoff exits. These were his elimination game totals. He had 30 points in the Lakers. One that they lost six turnovers, 22 and 21. He had 11 in the closeout in 22, 9 and 23, 16 and 24 and seven in this game. But the, the total shots he averaged 16 in a game, 9.3 assists, 31 for 81 field goals and nine for 42 3 points. So one, one thing that definitely happens is you can't make threes in these big games.


But then if you go further, you know, this is just statistically one of the best offensive players of all time. Like I looked at how many guys have averaged 24 points a game just for their career who have played a thousand, a thousand games or more. And it's 11. It's Jordan, wilt Durant, LeBron James, Oscar Carl Malone, Kobe, Dominique, Steph Curry, Kareem and James Harden. That's why we talk about this. 'cause that's, that's how good the stats are. You go to the playoffs and there's only 16 guys who have played at least 140 games and and average 22 a game or more.


And they're all guys who won titles. Jordan Durant, west, LeBron Curry, Hakeem, Kobe, Dirk Malone's, the first one who didn't. Kareem Shaq, Larry Wilt Harden, Wade Havlicek. So he statistically resides in this area with all of these great guys who have all won titles and yet his legacy is over and over again. The worst possible things happen at the worst time for him. And you know, I we, we could talk about legacy and whether it actually matters because I think what we've learned the last 10 years is sometimes the legacy stuff doesn't matter as much and people choose to remember or forget what they want. But you know, Zach was saying four or five years ago that this was the Carl Malone of guards.


And it's worse now than it was when we were talking about it a a few years ago. And this is it. What is he, 35, 36? He's been the league 16 years. It's not gonna get better. This is just the legacy and the Clippers. You combine that with the Clippers and it's unbeatable. I wasn't even, you know, the reason it used to get me more passionate was because what he was doing in the regular season, people were like, you know, putting these numbers up there going like, look at this. I mean top five MVP or top 3M VP finishes like five straight years. Maybe it was top four finishes. Yeah. And so I voted for him. When you look at those stretches, you start going like, okay, where's the sky gonna end up and without the ring?


You know, we're pretty resistant to let you hang out at that top tier neighborhood, But, but make the finals. Yeah. Look, I I think the other thing that we learned through those years too is that that's where the usage part of it comes in is it's an entire season is dedicated to you having the ball every single minute to like absurd historic levels. And you're putting up all these points. Like that's cool, but is that, and You're playing, playing a different team every game versus the same team seven times in a row. Yeah. Is that gonna translate? Is that going to be the best thing? I mean, again, I, I don't mean to bring up the Westbrook stuff 'cause you know, he was great, he was great in the elimination game. Tons of energy, good for him.


But there was this regular season thing that was happening in those OKC games that once again in the playoffs, like, oh, so now we don't just stand around and wait for him to do something because Westbrook had such an advantage because of how athletic he was. And Hardin had this statistical advantage because he was gonna make threes. He's terrific if you send help, he's terrific on the LOBs. He lives at the free throw line. So like those prime years for him would give him the profile of somebody really, really special. And I figured at some point he would probably just have a great elimination game because he was fucking due. Right? This is over a decade, man. Like that's Spur series.


I'm just thinking Was the point of that was the point of Zach's column in 2020. He is like, why haven't we had our James Harden playoff moment yet? And we've had six playoffs since he wrote that column. I'm mailing you, I'm I'm texting you. Check your text because I'm, I mean even when they beat OKC in 20 before they lost the Lakers in five, he was 4 15, 1 of nine from three. I'm I I just texted you what I'm about to run through. This is the James Harden. This is the, the levels of of the bad James Harden closeout games. I'm gonna rank them. James Harden closeout terrible games ranked 2017 Game six Spurs I think was the worst one ever.


This was the one with, It's for 11, right? They lost by 39 at home two for 11. He was one for two in the first half field goal wise as San Antonio went up by 18. And by the way, Kawhi Leonard did not play, did not play in the game 'cause he was hurt. The next one is the 2023 game six, game seven, the Boston combo where they blew Game six lost by nine. He was four for 16. Oh for six from three five. Turnovers won for six in the second half. They lost game seven by 24 and he was 3 4 11 in that game with five turnovers. And you could see from the first drive where he had to make a decision with the ball. You're like, oh he, I don't think he's, You kind of know right away.


Yeah. Yeah. And this is a series where he had 45 in game one and won the overtime game. Right. He was awesome. 42 when Embi wasn't even, I think he had missed one of those games, right? Yeah. Next one, 2015 Game five Warriors. Round three conference finals. They lost by 14. It was two for 11 with 12 turnovers. They were down six at halftime. It was over for five in the second half. So you have that, I put this is a game they won but 2015 game six Clippers round two, which they ended up winning by 12. He was five for 20 in the game bench for the comeback. Yeah, the bench for the comebacks. One of the all times They at a four, they Houston's 40 and 15, they won the 40 to 15 and they won in the fourth quarter.


Hard never played. He was one for seven in that game. The game seven this year. Two parade field goals, seven points. Denver goes plus 16 in the third quarter he's oh for two field goals in that game. And then there's other ones, there's 22 game six Miami, they lose by nine. He's oh for two in the second half field goals last year, game six Dallas round one, they lose by 13. He is oh for six from three five for 16. It goes on and on. The point is there's not a lot of good ones and there's not, not even a lot of decent ones and there's no great one. And In fact, probably the most honorable one he has was that year when they played the Bucks when he had the hammy and they lost an OT and he was five for 17.


But he had 22 points. He got to the line, he had nine assists. Remember he was playing on one leg. Yeah. That was probably the most admiration I've had from one of these games. But look, people are gonna remember what they wanna remember. But I'm gonna remember that this is a guy that you're just like, I, I'm so mad I didn't bet on Denver in game seven. When you think of the Clippers piece combined with the fact that the Clippers needed hard in a really come through in a big game and he's just never done it states. But See that's what's so crazy is all of these other games for the most part, I mean granted you can argue in beads importance in the 23 series. The funniest thing too is, 'cause I'm looking through the game log too, when they swept Brooklyn Yeah. In the game four closeout. He was four 18 in 40 minutes he was Right.


You know, and like they Didn't, they didn't need him obviously 'cause they swept that Nets team. But I at least felt with this one, 'cause I knew and I had said it, I'm like to pick and it wasn't like I was picking Harden against Yoic. 'cause really it's about Kauai and it's about Zoo bots and it's about the team. It's about how, how great they had been defensively. And it felt like they had really figured some of this stuff out. I'm not, I don't even know who was left to argue with. I mean you could find somebody over the years there was always people from Houston arguing about this stuff all the time. You're just like, all right, cool man. Like whatever. Like the, The argument was what he did in game six. He was really, really good in game six, right? That was game six of what? Four, three days ago. The Denver series that went Thursday today. Oh this one.


He was really good in that game. So the argument would be like, hey, he was really good in game six, couldn't it happen again? And the answer was, it can't. Okay. And I think to be fair to Harden, you gotta admit that they unloaded the clip in game six and then to turn around and playing games and, right. Yeah. He's an older player. He is playing in altitude. I get it. I would not lead my show with this today because if you were 30 and he were the number one option in getting MVP votes. Yeah then I would be like, I was a few years ago. But I, I'm pointing to the stuff that's frustrating 'cause it's like, all right, if You don't have the offensive part of it doesn't mean You don't have to do any of the other stuff. You just decide I'm going to stop moving. But I'm again, like I said, I'm more sympathetic to this time around. 'cause he's not the number one option.


He's not in the MVP conversation. I mean he might make all NBA but They really, they really needed him though. Serious. They needed something they needed needed. They needed him a catalyst. If He was spent, he's played this game long enough, he needed to figure out a way to be like, okay, I'm gonna, I'm like dude, it looks like he's saving himself the entire time he's out there. But be calculated about what your team needs from somebody who's been in this many playoff games. And you know, you gotta wonder if Ty Lou is watching this going, do we need him out there for all 12 minutes? Was He gonna put in Cory Brewer? Josh Smith? Think Amir Coffee is playing Cory Brewer. Maybe Ben Simmons is Josh Smith.


Oh my God. He just said a three Look. He's pronounced Smith Harden's been in the league 16 years and it's a lot to ask for him to outplay Yoic in a game seven. But it leads to a pretty good Woody do conversation if you're the Clippers because Okay, Real, real quick though. Couldn't Point. You couldn't get through. You couldn't get through Round one. Go ahead. I have to pretend. But Pop Pop Simmons, you know you've got your compound, you know, who knows Maybe Montana for you and the grandkids. Yeah, the grandkids come to visit. Yeah.


And they go PopPop. Tell us about James. Tell us about James Harden. What are you gonna say to your grandkids? Good question. Do with a grandfatherly voice if you could. One of the best left-handed prayer I've ever seen Good start Recreated offensive basketball in a couple different ways was one of the best two guards of the 21st, 25 years of the 21st century put up huge stats. And his teams were always good and something would happen to him in playoff series that none of us could really fully understand.


And by the way, the same thing was could be said about Carl Malone, but at least Carl Malone made the finals twice as the best guy in a finals team. Did. I think he was gonna come through in those games. I did not. But at least he was able to get that far and he won some big playoff series, you know, and Harden, you know, Zach wrote that piece six years ago. What's the James Harden playoff moment? We still don't have it. It's, you know, I was thinking about this stuff because I was thinking about in the context of Carmelo, right? Because I think Carmelo has had a nice little resurgence post career and he, I think there's, he's I think a popular ex star, right? And I think people remember his Knicks era really fondly.


He won one playoff series with the Knicks. Yeah. If you go through Carmelo in the playoffs, he starts out with five straight first round exits. And you know, I'm a Carmelo fan. I, I was the one who wrote the Carmelo column about how I felt like he had a chance to be on that level. And he was just bad luck with his teams. My homepage Five star, five straight first round exits. He lost 18 of his first 21 playoff games in the 2009 playoffs. They won two rounds, lost LA in six, they lost the first round the next year to Utah. His career record in, in Denver. Playoff record two for seven in playoff series 15 and 28 career record goes to the Knicks three years, one for three in playoff series seven and 14 is his record average 28 a game and then missed the playoffs the next four years.


And now Brunson is hot this year and people are like, is who's better? Who's the greatest Nick ever, him or Carmelo? Because people can't remember anything. So that, bringing my point back to James Harden, maybe people won't remember 10 years from now, they'll be like, oh yeah the beard, he was awesome. They're not gonna remember any of this stuff 'cause they certainly don't remember any of it with Carmelo. I'm Pushing back on this. I agree with Carmelo. Please. I think he's an incredibly likable guy. But Carmelo doesn't have the failures at the highest moments. Like this is like not making fun of the Broncos before Elway, but I'm saying ITT Continue to make fun the bills. I'm saying he Didn't really have any success as a, like from a playoff standpoint as a player. But I think now as the years pass people feel like he was on like that LeBron Wade level in some ways. Ways. My point is if you actually go through it, like it's, it's pretty grim.


But I think you're missing my point is that failing consistently with this many eyes on you later, Los Warriors failures. Right? Everybody missing threes the, I mean even though he had 30 in the closeout game in 18, two For 15 From three. Yeah. I don't know that you felt great about him necessarily in that game. I feel A hundred times worse about Harden. I'm just saying like I, I just wonder with legacy sometimes when people are like legacy, legacy, legacy, legacy, we don't even do a good job of remembering what legacies were or what happened in somebody's career. Sure. I think Camarillo had a lot of bad luck teammates. He pushed his way to the Knicks and they traded all these guys back to Denver. But for the most part, for what his talent was, to never to never make a finals to be in one round three.


Like it's kind of disappointing in retrospect 'cause I thought he was one of the best guys of that generation and he's the one that nothing really happened. Yeah. If you go through the Carmela thing, I used to argue with Nick's fans that like turned on him big time. Like they ended up really turning on him. Yeah. I think it's that pacer series. You know, speaking of the Pacers again, but if you go through all of Carmelo's playoff exits and I promise like it's, I don't know how many people would actually do it more often than not the team they were going up against, you weren't gonna pick that Carmelo's team to beat that team. Right? I think there's a jazz series in there maybe or the records were pretty even. So it's A clipper series. Yeah. Yeah.


Well he was, he won three playoffs series in his career in his 22 for 42 in the playoffs. But that's the thing, I think as the years pass, people remember what they wanna remember and the Twitter videos and the social media stuff becomes as big a part of somebody's legacy as as anything else. And I think James will probably be okay big picture. 'cause the stats are gonna have him look at Carl Malone. You and I were there for the Carl Malone era and now the years pass and people are like, yeah Carl Malone's stats. Holy shit. Wow. Made the finals twice. It's like, all right, well you wouldn't wanna throw in the ball with 18 seconds left. You just wouldn't have Game four Maybe with Harden.


Because that's what I like to remember about Jim. Well Jim Harden down 1 15, 1 13 Sixers need it hardened three pointer wins it in over time. Hmm. I think he ended up above 42 in that game. Big game Jimmy. Well big picture Whaddya Do do if you're the Clippers Whaddya Do he do Well anywhere? Two years 30 Harden has got a $36 million player option. They have Powell and Bogdanovic and Eubank and Platoon for 46 million expiring next year. So they could put contracts together. They don't really have any picks to move. They could put together some contracts and take somebody else's high salary problem or somebody who's a little, little expensive that maybe somebody wants to dump 'cause they're tanking.


But you know, it's, do we run back this team and be like, Hey, we lost to the best offensive player since Jordan basically in round one and seven, let's not overreact. Or do you overreact? Are they gonna have the option to overreact? And I would say this is just the headline to all of this off season stuff that I want to get into with you that I know you're excited about, but just in general. Yeah. When you look at the free agent list, it's terrible. Okay. Well it's more the player acquisition list. It's the Sure. Okay. Can you talk yourself into Zion? Can you talk yourself into Trey Young? There, there there's eight of those guys. Yeah, I'd think It's a bonus. Hmm. What's he, what's he up to?


You're right. That's the exciting part of it. There's a really exciting version of this summer for the NBA, but more often than not, like history tells us it's not just all of a sudden every GM's like, let's just get wild with this and start changing our dudes and we'll just keep running it back. Yeah. So the fact that you have acquired a contract for two more years if 50 million, you know, everything still kind of revolves around him. 'cause I don't even know what the market would be for him. And as you pointed out, they're not like they, they can't just like tear this whole thing and necessarily start all over. I don't know if Hardin's gonna opt out because of the over 38 rule. If they extend him, like is he probably thinking in the back of his head, this league still owes him money because of the Philadelphia thing? I just think he's gotta opt in at the 36.


You have to, But he could opt out and go fine. Whaddya Do. Can't Whaddya Do that again? What did he did that the last time? No, But if he already understands like, all right, how about I figure out a way to give his, because I think last season was, you know, they were smart about the Paul George thing. How much Money can James Harden give away? I'm talking about opting outta the player option of 36 million and then doing a three year extension and then having the number be less each year. So it's like, okay James, like why don't we do it this way? And maybe there's more flexibility. But they've done a good job of kind of resetting the financial restrictions here because depending on, you know, the options and who they want to keep around here. But you, you seem to be completely either not being with me on this Harden thing at all.


Do you, do you not understand like just opting Out? No, I do understand a Less average annual salary for a couple more years. But now I'm in business with James Harden for three more years. I just, I, Well I know we, we'd make a compelling case of wanting to be in a long-term relationship with 'em the last few minutes, but I don't know what their options are To say the least. They, I mean we just went through it for eight minutes, so now have to bring him back for three years. I would do 36 million if you opt in. Okay. Let's see how it goes. And then I have him, I have all these expiring and I can get a little frisky either before the season or heading into February. Because the best thing that happened to them is Kauai and how good Kauai was, I think the last three months of this season combined with zoo bots at the foundation of something.


And they have some flexibility and they have one of the, but it's a front office. You and I both really respect. Like I feel like they're gonna figure out they have options. I just, I don't think they have a lot of options though. But that doesn't mean you have to give James Harden a hundred million for three. Like we'll shave 5 million off your deal, but I wasn't talking about a hundred million. What would you do if he's gonna opt out of his 36? Then you're talking about like those deals, like what? Like CJ McCollum did some other people where it's like opt out. Would you see Whaddya Do do what if he says I'll opt out, I'll do three years 70 million. Oh Now you have my attention. That's what I'm would do that Talking about.


Would he do that? Do you think he would Whaddya, Do think he signs for after another year? He'll be 37 that summer. Do you think he's making, Listen, you're asking 30 million A Year. You're asking me to figure out the motivations of somebody who's passed up two giant max deals over the last six years to take bus money, money Time. We know I did it in Philly. Yeah, no, I get it. Well the bigger question for me is you're in the West, you're in the same division or the same conference as OKC who's just a fucking nightmare. You're in the same conference as Minnesota is a fucking nightmare. You have Weby in San Antonio with these draft picks and cap space.


You have Luca and the Lakers. Like you go on through, it's a nightmare conference and you just, and Yoic who just beat you, I don't know, you're a no man's land, but the owner's, like the owner just flew 200 fans to Denver for game seven. Like he's not think they have a chance Flight on the way Back. Why was there more social media from the fight? I wanna silence, I wanna read that on the athletic, the flight home. Like are we leaning in, maybe It's a, maybe it's a documentary We're landing in Barstow by the way.


I think it's one of those guys. You have to find your own way home. Denver airport's over there. So you're just, you're you're trying to do three 70 for Harden and then, I mean maybe that's, Maybe that's nuts. But like Harden next year, 37 coming off the 36 million, who knows? Does he, does he look at it as like, I'm gonna get another 40 million guaranteed on the books right now. Maybe he thinks, hey, that's ridiculous. I can do another three for 75 after that. Keeping this high average annual for this one. The chances are are is that he's on the team kauai's on the team. So that's whatever this is. It's like 80 plus million with those two dudes. They don't have a young player that you're really excited about that maybe can entice a vet to say, I want to be traded there because it's LA and it's a great coaching staff and front office.


It's a great ownership, good arena. There's a lot of stuff about it that feels really attractive for the next guy that's mad. But it's not a great group on the court to be mad enough to be like, I'm going there. If you had to do a pie chart of this will be better next year, this will be the same. Or ooh, this will be worse. I think the ooh this will be worse is 60% of the pie. Right? Because you, you basically have to get another healthy kawai season. I have no, no idea how many of those are left, you know, you're never getting a better zoo bot season. You got Norm Powell. Well, You might get, Get the same, you might get the same. You're not getting a better season.


I mean, unless you wanted to trade zoo. Can you get creative with a zoo norm? I zoo's like, I thought it's weird his stats went down as the series went along, but I really respected how he went at Yoic. Yeah, I love, I dunno where the rebounding was for him. I, I thought he was a better rebounder in the regular season than he was in the playoffs. But I just think, I think when you play Yoic for two straight weeks, I think it starts to break your brain after a while. If you're, if you're actually, you're in charge of defending him and stopping him. Can you imagine that the response would just like going to sleep and being like, yeah, I gotta play Yoic again tomorrow. Like how like you, that's like three hours sleep. He's lying in bed staring at the ceiling, like fucking a next team for Whaddya Do, do.


So basically we agree though on the Clippers, like you didn't have some magic crazy scenario here. No, it, because it's, I was doing it out this morning. I'm like, I don't really know how different the, the crazy Scenario is, do you take a big contract from somebody that somebody is like kind of excited to, to get off of like whatever this year's version of Brandon Ingram is and Brandon Ingram didn't get traded. But you talk yourself into a Brandon Ingram type, somebody who's available and expensive. You know, that's the question for me. I don't know who that is yet. 'cause we haven't seen, first of all, the playoffs have to shake out a certain way. Somebody might, might tail out in the second, you know, in the second round. Who knows?


The Pistons get really interesting because they have Hardaway Intruder and Beasley all as unrestricted free agents. They have to buy us on a 26.6 expiring. They have Ivy coming back. Dave Harris. They do. And you could talk me into, hey, let's just keep the trains moving. The thing I would recommend them not doing is overreacting to how the playoffs went and doing new, longer, big deals with Beasley and, and Hardaway and Schroder and being like, we have our nucleus. I I would go the hired gun route for those. But you know, this is an interesting KD destination, so let's talk about it.


My, you know, we were talking about, hey, how do you feel about the Rockets, right? What's, what's the grade you give them? And it sucks right now, but the season was success Detroit, you gotta feel great about this. And I think they battled with New York to even a higher level. You know, there's a couple things where this breaks maybe to a game seven. So I thought they competed to a level that I didn't know that they were gonna get to against the Knicks. And I'm totally with you. Like I think because of the free agent class being so bad. But then you know whether Net's gonna sign Malik Beasley to a huge contract. And then after the Nets you look at who has available cap space. Detroit has cap space, but with Cade's new deal because he is gonna make all NBA, yeah it's gonna be 19 million in cap space as opposed to 24, Chicago's got 20 million in cap space.


Memphis has like 17 and a half. There's like five teams that have between 15 and 12 million. And then you kind of run out of team. So you start going, okay, if we know something about this year with Detroit, it's that spacing around Cade is really, really important. And as much as we all love Duren, he's not gonna provide that spacing ever. So you really have to make sure that rotationally around, that you're doing those kinds of things. But Beasley season this year, I'd be scared to death of what that price tag ends up being. 'cause another team may just say, screw it, let's throw him a crazy contract because he was so good this year from three when I don't even know that I necessarily trust him. So, you know, Hardaway was a bigger number. I, I'd have to keep one of those guys. They can get creative because of their own cap space and how they wanna structure those contracts.


But Hardaway Hardaway was an old contract, so he was like 16, 17 million range. He's not saying that again. He 16, he's, he's now a six to 8 million player I think in the market. I'd rather pay him six to eight than pay Beasley. What I think might be a scary number from the one other team that goes, ah, we've got this castrate so let's just use it on somebody and look at all the threes that he made. The biggest part of this is that Ivy's gonna come back and it's easy to forget that Ivy in 30 game shot 41% from three. He was terrific. And I think in the playoffs it shows is as tough as Schroder was and he was big for them and he fights like crazy. 'cause clearly he takes the Brunson thing Personal. Yeah. Ivy being a second on Ball Creator and getting his own at his size and his athleticism, I think that's actually gonna solve some of the problems, especially if that three point shooting holds up.


So we know Kate needs spacing. I would not be in any kind of hurry to mess with this. Okay. Houston I think is on a different timeline because they have all these different guys, guys that they still probably don't even know who they wanna make decisions on. And maybe they do, but there's not necessarily enough assets for Detroit to have to get as creative than as Houston could potentially get. I would really just be steady here if I were Detroit, making sure I don't let all of this shooting leave, but I think I'm probably gonna be scared off by the Beasley price tag. So Phoenix calls and says, you know, Tobias and Thompson and FIO actually works in the trade machine with KD and throw us some picks and let's start talking.


You have the meeting, you have the internal meeting with the rest of the front office trying to figure it out. We definitely have a meeting. K one Here left. I still, You have to have, you have to have a meeting even if a man has asked for in the Houston one. But you seem, I'm saying do you have like a, do you have a, do you have a small meeting with a, with like your inner inner circle or do you keep it open and invite a bunch of people? What is it again? Do you have a catered lunch for the meeting? How? How Little Caesars? Yeah, probably get a deal. What? What is it again? Font techo, which obviously gets me done Just to bias fano. But Thompson would be the big piece and then you'd throw a bunch of pics, you gotta throw a bunch of picks, then you did three first and two, two swaps, whatever the fuck it's for three years of KD and then you, then you bring in KD for 50 plus million you'd sign up for the two year extension.


So it's 150 million commitment. I personally wouldn't do it, I would just, why keep the, because I don't think they're gonna win the title or come close with any sort of trade. The only one that I think you really have to think about is if they could get Giannis and it's a mortgage to farm thing and basically everybody's available except Cade, like Durin and Thompson are in it. Tobias's contract is in it, FunTech is in it, picks are in it. You're just like, we're going all in on Giannis and we're gonna have a Giannis Cade franchise and we'll be able to fill it around. We'll be able to fill around those two guys and actually try to win the title. You could have the Tigers too.


I mean if you're talking about Cade and Giannis on pick and roll LOBs. Yeah, I'm, you're probably throwing in some tigers, maybe a couple Red Wings. But yeah, I don't, The Durant thing really hinges more on like, Hey, what's the history here? Is he super happy everywhere he goes? So I think I'd be a little cautious if I were Detroit. You know, granted we're talking about a team that just won their first playoff games since 2008, which seems just impossible. So we agree. Take your time, Detroit. This like maybe even target February as, let's see where we are in February and maybe we have some expiring, we have some stuff I would not overpay Beasley.


I'd probably go two years for him. Maybe like a 30 for two, 30 for two. Maybe Hardaway two for 16. Try to try to do something like that. You bring Ivy back, Would you do, Hmm? I was looking at this. You have another trade for me? Yeah. Is there? No, I'm not even gonna do it. I'm not gonna do it. Okay. This is stupid. Can you be the player you were thinking about?


Is it Jalen? Jalen Green? Jalen Brown. Yeah. I'm always nervous. You're gonna suggest a Jalen Brown trade.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats Summer is almost here and you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered Uber Eats Whaddya. Do we mean by almost, well you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered a cabana. That's a no. A banana, that's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. No, but a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. Nope. A box of fine wines. Yeah, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now Alcohol and select markets. Product availability may vary by Region C app for details.


This episode is brought to you by Whole Foods Market. From graduation celebrations to pool parties. Celebrate the start of summer with Whole Foods Market. Look for hundreds of yellow low price signs and save on no antibiotics ever Ground beef and boneless skinless chicken breasts. 365 by Whole Foods market, organic salad kits and much more. Plus with their house brand 365 by Whole Foods market. You'll find all your grilling essentials at daily low prices. Find these great prices in store and online. Save on may celebrations with great everyday prices at Whole Foods Market terms apply.


LeBron is a $52 million player option. Yep. CBA and Vincent. 22.5 million combined expiring Ru's on an 18.3 expiring Finny Smith's on a 15.4 expiring. This is all next year. Then Reeves is 14 and then 15. So they have some flexibility kept a couple picks. They clearly need a center and a rim runner. My question would be, would you trade Reeves if you could get a, if you get a real, real, some sort of rim protector, somebody like a, like a richer man's miles turner in that range, would you trade res or do you feel like you could build around Luca Reeves and 41-year-old LeBron and then there's something there to try to win multiple playoff rounds.


The first thing's gonna be LeBron's number because depending on, again, he took just a sliver to keep them away from the most restrictions. And then there's a bunch of people being like, see it's like well alright and I'm, well then you drafted his son and gave him a four year no cut contract. Right? If he stays at around 50 million, they're gonna be, I would say on the practical things that would happen here, here they're gonna be six, 7 million below the first apron. So if that puts him as his tax team, I don't know what kind of big you're signing for a five to $6 million tax mid-level.


You know what season it is though right now it's ridiculous. Trades on social media for centers they'll never get, it's like they should get bam outta bio. It's like oh cool. Well They're a little Emboldened now. How are they doing that now? I mean basically Yoic, once the coach was fired was in the Lakers jersey and now Giannis has been in one and yeah, as much as like say yeah, like I don't even know how they get Miles Turner. I dunno how they get anybody. I mean anybody is, well they get somebody is if, if you have the two expiring, I mean they could, the thing is with all the expiring, they can work toward any kind of number, right? So could they get some bonus?


Okay, but what, what is going out? That's exciting because this is where it comes back to the Austin Reeves thing, which I don't think they would want to do because he's really good and he is 26 years old. But if they thought, okay, what could we do to shake things up like as a bam? Like would you do Austin Reeves for Bam just in a vacuum? No. If you were the Lakers, no, I Wouldn't do it if I'm Miami, I'm not doing that in a million years. Why am I trading bam for Austin Reese, I'm just trying to see where your head's at with this. I was thinking Saboni I thought was an interesting one because I'm re Sacramento. No, Alright, got it. If I'm Sacramento, I put together this team that clearly doesn't work.


I'm paying Saboni more money than he's worth for somebody who's basically, if he is your most expensive guy, you're gonna be a slightly better than 500 team. You're probably not gonna have a huge playoff upside and you're gonna get torched defensively unless you put the perfect amount of guys around him. And could you give, could you give them a jet a get outta jail free card with that s bonus contract, be like, we'll give you all expiring and a couple firsts and you can get out of s bonus. I don't, I dunno if the kings are at that point with that contract yet. They might not be the contract. It's six. It's Nasty.


It's 43 6. It's pretty 47 and then 50. Yeah, It's a lot. Okay, so, but I'll tell you this, paying LeBron $52 million when he is 41 years old is fucking crazy. That's a lot of money. But if you get the year you just got from him, he's worth it. I mean I know the playoffs didn't close the way everybody expected. I think that's another reason of like even talking about Houston Golden State. Like you can sit here and make fun of, oh look at this Lakers group. They didn't even get outta the first round. This first round was all of this stuff was on the table and granted it was five games and it was yeah felt over the course of the five games, they weren't even close. I think it's a bad draw for the Lakers now that we saw it actually play out even though nobody felt that way.


Very few people, people felt that way at the beginning of it. I don't really know. I mean, you know, we keep writing these teams down like what would you do? What would you do? I think they need to figure out a way to try to get cheap rim runners like a baseball team that doesn't love their starters three, four, and five and then just all of a sudden you're like al lighter's still around. Like you signed, you signed this guy. Like the Walker Kessler shit doesn't make a ton of sense. I don't think Dalton Connect gets Walt gets, gets Kessler done. You know, granted, well I was Thinking with Utah, who has too many guys plus a bunch of picks and if they floated Austin Reeves to Utah, what's the reaction like that's one where you could get a three for one and a four for one N picks and like, Whoa, that feels weird.


Austin, they already have ows. We could put Austin Reeves, ows and Kessler. Could they hoosier it out if they get Cooper Flag And marketing and we can have Cooper flag Just I think Reeve's on that contract thinking 14 just Will Hardy go on Teams on the floor. I think, I think Reeve's at 14 and 15 can, but when you throw expiring with him, you could get some really good players at that point. I don't know if you could get bi out of bio. You're, you're with me though. It's an automatic no from Miami as much as we love this. Yeah, Automatic. Okay. Okay. Automatic. Can you think of anything where if you're the Lakers, you go now I have, I have to think about this a little bit.


Indeed. That's something the Lakers would like traditionally do. Talk about get outta jail free cards. I think the, Like do in a second, by the way, We'll give you all of our expiring and a first and we'll get you out of the Joanne be business. Here's your Get Outta jail free card right Now. You don't have to deal with them anymore. I heard a mead was available at the trade deadline. It'd be irresponsible to not even ask. Yeah. Oh yeah, Come on. But I mean like, Oh, we're getting on Hoop hype tomorrow. Yeah, baby hoop hype. It may have been a would You don?


But I, I think this happens all the time. So it shouldn't be something that's that big of a deal. Oh, we're Getting so aggregated. I'm fucking Pump. I don't know that you're doing your job. How, How you doing your job? She say something about Bobby Barack again, we could get aggregated by them too. Let's try to get aggregated. I think Barack will pick that up post. Are you talking about Obama? No, I'm talking about, Oh, You Think it's surprising that in that, that Darrell would potentially float the edit? I just hadn't heard that Whaddya Do do. I was excited about the info. I think Darrell talks to everybody all the time. I think he calls people constantly and they're like, ah, Fuck Darryl's on the phone. Tommy Shepherd's like I'm in charge of the Wizards anymore.


Anymore. Stop bothering me. What the Fuck? Yeah, so, all right. That's my favorite Lakers move all their expiring and two first round picks and they get en beat and Philly just gets So not Reeves. Reeves isn't in it. Oh, Reeves isn't in it. He's Not in it. You, you don't even get res, we don't know if some beat's ever playing again. I'm like, I'll take him bead. You can have one of our first round picks and we'll, and here's some bunch of expiring. I think what they need to do is figure out a way to, and you know, I don't know what's gonna happen with all the decisions here, but if they're below the tax, can they use, you know, the the non taxpayer mid-level is, is a decent, you know, it's a decent, it's like 14 million.


So could you go after like I know nobody likes Clint Capella anymore. He is 31 years old. You put Clint with Luca. Does it work now? His numbers declined. Some of the advanced stuff declined. He also played less. It also felt like Atlanta was waking forever to have a Congu be the guy. And clearly he, he balances them out a little bit better offensively. So maybe Clint isn't worth it at this point. I don't know if, when was the Last time you got super excited watching Clint Capella play basketball? It was in the last three years. Jackson Hayes catching LOBs from Luke in the beginning was exciting. The Lakers fans, they're like, shit, unlock Jackson. This is awesome. What about Jonathan Isaac? Is there a Jonathan Isaac, but I don't know if Orlando wants to be in the Gabe Vincent business.


What about Mark Williams? A rekindling? I I'd Beza. I'd be calling about Batay. I'd be What about Deandre? Eat Now we're talking 35. 35. Now it's Language now. Now we're talking Deandre Eaton. So a couple expiring. Do you think when they shop Rui around all summer while pretending that they really like him. They're just hoping nobody watches the rebounding in game five. He's been, he was really good for us this year. Can we see the tape of game five? It's been destroyed. We don't have it. Is there a, is there a Rui?


Because There's nothing that screams Lakers more than like I love massive Deandre an idea. Massive Can Teach him how To win. Right? Right. So all this talent's still really young. Yeah, he's at 35 million. So you load up Rui, you throw in a pick, maybe a little Dalton Connect action in there. Oh, Dalton. Right? So you start going on The trade machine right Now. What's the point? Right? Why does Portland want Rui? Well maybe they don't want Rui but is there's some version of this. They're, they're grabbing an asset of getting somebody out culture wise. Change of scene. The change of scenery pieces for Deandre Aton in a Lakers uniform alone. Those are gonna, writers are gonna have beach houses. People clicking on those fucking things. LeBron has wanted to play with somebody like this for his entire career Right's never played with Luca and Luca's never played with a stretch five like this.


Luca still remembers how good Aton was in their one play series. Yeah. Oh yeah. Pingus. Yeah. Made it to an NBA finals was too soon. Peyton. You know, So you're saying Rui, I feel like they could, I think they could keep really, I think they could get Aton for Maxi Libba, Gabe Vincent and another contract and throw a first round pick and Portland's super happy to dump that last eight in year. So just the first round pick. Yeah. And I think I'd even say top four protected. Great. We saw the Lakers Milwaukee Bucks. I have no solution for.


I really wanted to come on here and, and say something provocative and smart and forward thinking and I don't know what what it is. But the thing is, if Gianni says I don't wanna be traded, then do you trade 'em? What if Gianni says, I'm happy here. I don't wanna leave Milwaukee. I don't Trade 'em. I don't, I don't take any calls. Yeah, I don't either. My goal would be to keep Younis The, the forgotten zone of this league is okay, we're screwed. And you laid it out perfectly last week. Like when you really dug into how bad the future draft the picks, yeah. Stuff is for them. Yeah. So when you're married to having none of that coming in, then you can't, no one ever wants to hear it. But there's a lot of like honest conversations where teams, believe it or not, are opening the season going, all right, we have Giannis and we'll probably win like 45 to 48 games and that's probably who we are.


But at least we have Giannis. I mean hell Atlanta's been doing that with Trey this whole time. Charlotte's gonna keep doing it. At least Giannis is one of the best players in the world. So if Giannis doesn't want to go anywhere, that's enough for me. And I'd just be like, all right, hopefully we can get competitive And then one year is a short amount of time. Who knows what happens. The problem is for Giannis, and look, this might be a league-wide thing, but you know how we always talk about like, oh this guy likes this guy and that guy wants to go there and Glen Davis is now in Orlando because of this. And yeah, they brought in Jarret Jack because Chris Paul likes him. Like all of these things that we used to talk about, granted it was the big three in Miami and then everybody trying to figure out how to team up and all that stuff. It feels like that doesn't necessarily happen as much anymore.


So Yoic, there's more animosity than we've had in a while. But Yoic isn't gonna be somebody who's gonna be Coming up through the AAU ranks and having those relationships with the other stars. I mean every star who's like on the fence about sticking around should wanna go play in Denver. But I don't know that he has the relationship with other players. I think the same goes for Giannis and I just don't know a norm of this league. It doesn't feel like it's as normal as guys being like, Hey let's like Paul George and Kauai and all that kind of stuff. I don't, I don't know that we have that as much anymore. It doesn't mean it can't happen again, but if Giannis is just happy there, then that's enough for me. If I'm running the Bucks, I don't care. Yeah, I know we're not gonna win the title next year. He'd have to ask out. And even if he asked out on that trading, unless I can get a trade I'm pumped about and that's it.


Not gonna like give you away for 60 cents on the dollar 'cause you don't wanna play for us anymore. Like you signed an extension. Let me, lemme try to figure out a good trade for us. Can't figure it out. Let's take it into this season and try to figure it out in the December February range. Once eight teams are unhappy with how their season is going and then we'll do the trade. But you have our word at some point we're gonna do it. Just keep, just keep playing hard and we'll figure it out. And then you kind of keep your fingers crossed that Dame can come back from Achilles surgery in, in five months. Dame sets the record for coming back. That's they're, you know, they made two trades where they gave up an inordinate amount of picks for one player because they wanted to win the title and they won the 2021 title.


They couldn't win it with Dame but they traded a shitload of draft picks. Like this is what happens if you're mortgaging all this stuff to win. Now everyone forgets that part. It's like, oh man, they gotta get Giannis some help. It's like they did, they made two massive trades and gave away a bunch of assets to try to get 'em help. Now they're here, this is how it works. This is how the league works. And they Have coma on the books. Well that one, neither of us agreed with, 'cause we watched basketball, I don't know how anybody could watch basketball this, this season and thought Cosman was gonna make a difference. That's a, that's a huge, I mean he's like 23 million in these two years. The only other 1 43 over the next two.


Yeah, The heat got knocked out and I don't really know what the heat do either. Where you have, you have a Bam Hero Wiggins Foundation, right? Wiggins Wiggins, he's still there. All their guys are the contract. You wanna go through a tough book here. It's brutal A hero and bam, fine. The fact that you're only gonna be paying them I think before the BAM extension kicks in here or you know, 'cause the, it's gonna jump up. He's gonna be like a $50 million a year player. Hiro got barbecued in the Cleveland series. He did. But his shot making, It's really good. He should be special. Maybe he should be a six man, He should be a third option I would say. But you know, Sometimes we look at guys and be like, okay cool.


It'd be awesome if we had two dudes that were better than him and he would be our third option. Bam is not enough offensively as much as we all love them. They're on the books next year. They've got Wiggins for 28 and then a player option. Probably gonna pick that one up. 30.1 million in 26, 27. Terry Rossier's, 26.6 Duncan Robinson, one of the few remaining early termination options just at 19 8 million. Kyle Anderson's on the books for nine. So they have a bunch of contracts of dudes that probably are not in demand. The Butler thing murdered them. Unless somebody said I am so mad I have one year left, I'm only going there.


Why are you going there? Because you love Bam and Tyler Hero, The only reason I wouldn't count them out is just 'cause they've pulled rabbits outta the hat over and over again over the last 15 years. Every time we felt like they had hit rock bottom, then they'd make some, even the Butler thing, which is one of the craziest transaction sequences in the recent history of the league. And they pulled it off. And I still don't know how they got anyone take Kassan Whiteside. I still don't understand it. But this time it seems bleak because I thought, you know, that the, the one guy we didn't mention that I wonder is out out there in some form who I think would be considered a real asset as Jaron Jackson if Memphis is handcuffed at all by being able to spend as much money as it's gonna take to keep him.


If he makes all NBA this year and is and different triggers come in, I just, just monitoring that one. I'd be happy to be in the Jaron Jackson business. Both even with his limitations. Both. Well I really started like him even more this year, even though I know you get mad about his fouls, but you should get mad about his fouls. His fouls. I know the rebounding makes me madder than the fouls get. Can you get nine rebounds? He said nine. I would say down 30 to OKC and running Jaron Jackson post up clear out. Like I don't really know what's going on there, but I mean that series just was such a mess. Can I, I forgot to give you one Giannis situation if's.


If OKC somehow lost this round or next round huge upset loss would they would Preti who by the way has only made the finals once and lost the finals four to one and has not been back since. Even though we all agree he is one of the best GMs of this century, but at some point he hasn't won titles or even finals games. I wonder if he would just be like, fuck it and do like a giant Giannis thing and if you're Giannis and you could go to OKC and be on this incredible team like there, that's a team that's actually built to make a 160 cents on the dollar trade they wanted to.


Yeah, I do wonder about that because I would say that that's kind of the lingering, you know, as much as Bucks fans hate all the Giannis trade stuff that's gone on forever and then he signs an extension. I mean this has been going on for a long time. Yeah, with the Giannis speculation and then sometimes when you hear the speculation you wonder like, have I heard anything specific? Is there anything new that sounds like it's very specific or is it everybody just repeating everybody else that thinks like eventually he is gonna ask out and it's been going on for such a long time. Again in this time he actually signed an extension. So Bucks fans, much like Cavs fans with the Mitchell stuff because they were hearing the same shit from all of us over and over again. It's like a nice little victory lap. We were right. Hey guess what We were Mitchell, The KC one is Like, Should it, it matter.


I know it's, it's kind of back to the beginning conversation about Houston. Should it matter on where they're at in the playoffs? Whether or not, oh, I think if Bo KC doesn't win this year, they have to really think we're really close. How do we not win the title? We were favored. All the masks said we're gonna win the title if they don't, if they get bounced in one of these next three rounds. I think that's, I think that's the, the biggest overreaction team. Even though Presti doesn't overreact, I think you'd have to really think about it. Like what's the point of having all these assets and all these picks if you're not gonna cash them in at some point. Like, like this isn't, this isn't blackjack where you just get to stack chips.


Like at some point you have to try to win the title and they're, they have the best chance this year. But you know, if Giannis is on the table and they can make a run on them and they're, and they're bummed out 'cause they couldn't get it done in the playoffs wouldn't mattered. I don't know. I still think it would be, my bet would be in Houston if I had to bet on a team. I think the Houston thing makes so much sense in so many different ways and I think it's a good spot for him. I think it's good for everybody. That's the trade that makes sense to me. Is there a trade built around Chet or Jalen Williams and all the draft picks that you'd have to sift through which ones you thought were the more valuable ones if you were hors where The buss, well you insist on Che, right?


If you're, if you're Milwaukee, you're like Chet has to be in it. I'm not even discussing this unless call me back when Chet's in the trade. Wait if you're Presti or Stone, what's a quicker No them asking for Chet or asking Stone in Houston for a man Presti. Yeah, I think Amen's a quicker No, 'cause Chet's been hurt twice already. It's said two injuries already, right? Yeah, I think you're right. The injury thing. I can't, I can't throw a counterargument to that. You're right. You see he's also one of those guys when you watch him run around, you're like, ah, ugh. I don't know, did you watch that third quarter against Memphis? No. And I listen, you don't have to sell me on chat, it's just, you know, he said two, two injuries is 23.


So that part does scare me a tiny bit. So I think when you ask me quicker, no, I, I just think Thompson's like not trading that dude. Shut up. Hang up. But if I'm okay c I'm trying to, now I'm assuming I've had some sort of terrible playoff loss. Probably trying to start with How about Hartenstein? Yeah. And then, and how about, how about you? You seen Cason Wallace? He's really good, huh? Hear Illa talk about us Mount Jang. See our lottery pick with the seventh pick of the draft. Like anyone in the lottery. Yeah, you're you're moving that way. But that's the thing. If Giannis is in, if Giannis is actually gonna be traded, good people are gonna be in the trade. You don't just get to not put a good person in the trade.


You know, it's the thing. Yeah, But when you were talking Houston, you're like getting to meet sh goon Jalen Green. It's like they can I have any of the other guys? So you would do Jabari? No, I sh goon now I, I don't know what the salaries are On top of that. I think sh goon, Jabari Easton and Jalen Green at least three, but maybe even all four are all in the trade. Right? If I'm not getting Thompson then I get everybody else. That's where we're starting. Just keep giving me dudes. We gotta wrap it up. Do you have any, you wanna do a Bill Belichick update quick?


Yeah, I have a small, small piece of of stuff here. Yeah, Let's Hear. I Gotta, you know, why don't you start though? 'cause I gotta look up, I gotta get, make sure I got my facts straight here. I was trying to think that maybe with coaches, maybe it just doesn't end well and that's how this usually goes with guys who are super powerful and, and fly a little too close to the sun and are used to controlling their circumstances, which becomes harder and harder as you get older and you have to stay on top of the ball that maybe this goes worse more times than we realize.


And when we're talking about I can't believe this is happening to Belichick, maybe we shouldn't be surprised that it's happening to somebody in their mid seventies that they're making some bad decisions because we see this in every aspect of life. It's like, I, what, what's he doing with this girl? It's like, well, you know, this is, yeah, I, I don't even know that I care. This is how life goes. I don't know that I care about the personal part of it all that much because I really do kind of wanna like leave people alone, you know, on that, that part of it, even though we spent our entire careers talking about people. But this has leaked into the actual running this UNC program in a variety of ways, which is how it became a bigger story. And also that interview was so crazy and for somebody who has been so intensely private where you just know nothing about him ever and he, you know, and then for that to happen, the way it happened is just like, it's just really weird.


He would've been a top five draft pick of, I I would never expect anything like this to happen to this person. Yeah, that's all true too. And I think when you probably look at him evaluating players and being like, what am I bringing into the locker room? Right. He didn't want free thinkers. He wanted people that were single-minded. I mean, when you played for the Patriots, you weren't even supposed to live in fucking Boston. Like that was thought of as a bad thing if you were on the Patriots who lived in Boston. Okay. No further than Attleboro. Yeah. Could stay right here in no offense to that part of the state, but Providence too far. So this is, if he were evaluating Bill, the person is Bill, he'd be like, what, what's going on here?


I, I remember Stoops telling me the story about Gronkowski where Belichick called about Gronk before the, the draft. Yeah. And he was like, what's, what's this guy an asshole until end. Yeah that was it. And he was like, no man, he's he's the best. He's the best. And you know, look, he picked him Hall of fame Super Bowls later like it all worked out. But Bill always was very big on prioritizing like I don't want any extra shit. Yeah. So if he were a booster with those values that he would take from his time running an NFL team, if he were a booster running a college football program and the money guy behind it and then was evaluating the situation of the head coach being involved in something like this.


Like Bill would be the first guy to be like, this is all stupid shit. We're giving people all the like the reason his brilliance was intentional distractions, right? To think how simple his brilliance was. And even in the times I didn't like it where he just couldn't answer a question 'cause he knew if he answered a question it just opened up another question. And then he is like looking around at the world going, why do you answer any of this stuff? So I may not have always loved it and again, it wasn't like I was a reporter who had to deal with any of this stuff, but there'd be times I didn't love it. I didn't love some of the press conferences where there were really serious issues and it was like, you're gonna play this card again. Like you won't even, but I admired the tactic because it was actually really smart.


It was like, I remember when the Feeding the Monster book came out, Felger and I Felger had his radio show at the ESPN affiliate, right? Yeah. And so I come in and it was one of the funniest, so it's Seth Minuchin I think was his name, the author. Yeah. He did Feeding the Monster. It was like this all access thing that John Henry wanted because everybody was jealous of Moneyball. So Felger has Theo Epstein ready to go. It's the big feeding, the monster interview. I've powered through the book. Yeah. I've written out all my questions 'cause I filled them with Felger for a month and I promise there's a point to this story here. I know you love these long-winded ones. So I show up to that radio station 'cause I didn't really work there, it was just this month that I was there and you know, me all prepped up, all excited and I think the world of Theo.


So I'm excited to even talk to him. Yeah. And Felger looks at me and he goes, we've been mapping out the interview, I don't think we're gonna have time for you to say anything. And I was like, great. Like, but it was Felder's show, it wasn't mine. Sounds Like schrager her in the NFL draft we're gonna throw to you and Schefter again, just smile for a minute By the way. Get up just absolutely dis dissing the, the, the combat odds for Schrager Schrager's a big dude. They had like Schefter as the favorite in some royal rumble and Schrager had the lowest odds. And I, I felt like what? He's like six two. Yeah, he's a big guy. Yeah. So anyway, so Felger looks at me and says, you we're not gonna have any time for you.


And I'm like, oh, okay. Fucking awesome. Of course, you know, back then insecure and I'm pissed and, but it was, it was the right thing. It was Felker's fucking show. And he wanted to map out the interview. He wanted to control all the, the timeline of things. So we crack the mics, we bring in Theo we're back from commercial and Felker's like, all right, you know Theo Epstein GM or whatever. He goes, okay. So you know, on page fourteens really jumped out and Theo's like, you know, I haven't read the book. He fucking ki he ruined Felker's entire plan because he thought he would at least know when the book was about him. And Theo just stopped him and was like, yeah and it, and then Felker's looking at me like, you got anything? Do you have anything in there for somebody that's not gonna acknowledge that the book even exists?


And that's Belichick's playbook. Alright. So that part is really interesting because it completely contradicts everything that he's valued. The last thing that I would say about this, and this is the part that always pisses me off, is whenever Bud Selig used to do this constantly people would be like, Hey baseball, it's kind of losing momentum. And by the way, all of those people were right. What's going on with baseball? What's going on with baseball? And Bud would point the TV deals like look what we renewed for, look at the growth on this TV deal versus the last rights deal we did Conference commissioners all over the country do it every single time. They re look how great of a job I'm doing. Look at what our new deal was compared to what our last deal was. Belichick in this email actually says, I will say again quote that I want this book to be presented as the look of my professional life and how I did my job on the way up to and as the leader of an organization that grew from a $500 million franchise to an $8 billion organization that played in 10 Super Bowls.


The Super Bowls. Awesome. If you're suggesting that your run in New England increase the value of the team from 500 million to 8 billion, then what the fuck is Brady worth? And by the way, you were awesome. Maybe you've done it better than anybody else. No one would ever deny that. But that way of thinking is if you have as much to do with the value of a franchise in the NFL as the TV rights a growth does, like that's insane. That's delusional to think that Blake like you write that and be like, oh wow. Are any of the other NFL franchises worth a lot more than they were in the nineties? Well of course the answer is yes. That's a really, Even the Bengals are worth more. Yeah. Like Ev that's a very, most people may not understand that we understand it, people listen to this podcast, understand that.


But to get to that kind of closing statement of like, this team was worth 500 million before me and now it's worth 8 million. Dude you were awesome. You did it again at a level that is unsustainable in the NFL. But the value has way more to do with TV rights than it does you. There's one other level to that point. It explains a lot about what happened from the mid 2000 tens on with Brady and Belichick. 'cause everyone was like Patriot way, Patriot way we're just about Super Bowls. But there was clearly some sort of ego thing and it's two guys that really understood their place in history in a whole bunch of different ways, right? And it was always like, we're in this together. There's no credit. But the credit thing was a big part of it and Garoppolo in there and he's really thinking about, I never wanted to believe it.


I never, when Rickers Shame and people like that were reporting about it. And I was like, fuck that. I want to hear this. Stop trying to cause trouble. But there clearly was a a ton of trouble. And I think when you win, when you win titles like that, we've seen this over, we saw it with the last dance documentary, you know, and you saw the Kraus Jordan, you saw Jordan Pippin who no longer talk they hated Kraus. The only one that really, the Krause The CRO stuff at the end is crazy. Yeah. Seem to get like Phil Jackson. But then you look at the Kobe Shaq stuff with Phil Jackson and Phil Jackson's writing books, the credit grabbing that happens when you've had real success is surprising because the Rings should be the best example of how much success you've had.


But for whatever reason. So anyway, I think that really explained to me why Brady didn't end up with the Patriots because what everybody was writing about and doing the sports radio topic of who's more responsible for all the Super Bowls, Belichick or Brady? And the right answer was always both. They needed each other and that's the answer. But clearly they both kind of thought each of them was more responsible than the other. So when I read that paragraph, I thought, man, be Belichick must have been so pissed when Brady had that Tampa season where he won the title. Because clearly he does give a shit about all this stuff and all the media he did last year, the fact that he is writing this book, some of the documentaries and we always thought, nah, he doesn't care.


He doesn't care. He clearly really cares. And so I read that same email and I'm like, oh he really did, he really does have a massive ego about all this stuff that he would say that It made me wonder too if he was like thinking he's owed more when you start throwing around Dollar Figures. I Mean when Kraft bought the Patriots, they were ready to move to St. LOUIS and they didn't, he kind of saved the team. They were the black sheep of the, of the local sports scene and then Brady and Belichick, I think both of them probably built it up. But like, you know, we saw this happen when LeBron was in Cleveland, right?


Cleveland was like a top four franchise and all the Forbes list and then he left and went to Miami and they were like 28th and then he came back in 2014. It's like top five franchises in Cleveland's in there. So you know, you get the right asset and it does make the franchise. But the funny thing Is, I'm not, I'm not diminishing his value, but I I'm, I'm talking No, I, I know Whaddya Do Point is the value of all these franchises has way more to do with television rights. But You don than even the accomplishments. But you but you don't think he put that in there partly because of what Craft did with that dynasty Apple thing. Yeah, that's a hundred percent. When RAF's just rewriting history is the three of us that last 10 years I was just holding on, I was holding us together with be all the dumb shit he said of that.


And now it's just these guys are like in, they're in credit grab buki, just, just going at it, just battling each other. Took us two hours to get a porn reference out. Yeah, I Thought you were, it's over to our mark late. I got, anyways, maybe I'll get aggregated again. It'd Be great. Gotta get those aggregators something. Anyway, we, I I belichick's a classic example of if you had just left four years ago and just moved to Wyoming, done the Johnny Carson. Yeah, I Don't know. We Would talk about you so highly when you've been Competing your entire life. I don't, I don't blame guys for wanting to hang onto the whole thing.


I'll the Brady, Tampa Bay super. I'm talking Super Bowl about that part. I'm My second, that's my second favorite Brady Super Bowl. I'm talking about the, the UNC 24-year-old PR person controlling his life. People wondering if it's elder abuse, like really like dark shit. People like this has gotten to the point that like my wife's friends are asking me about, hey, what's going on with Bill Belichick? And this girl I read like on Apple News, they had a story about how cra like that's what this has reached. That CBS Sunday morning thing was like his version of Tom Cruise on the Oprah couch. Like it's, it's part of his legacy now. I just don't understand somebody that understands how the media works as well as they do.


Which clearly he does what he thought that was gonna be like, hey this is the deal. You come in, you promote the book and we ask you questions about it. No But maybe, but this is what people are worried about. Maybe he's not not batting a thousand right now. I'm not ready to go there. We'll see what kind of defense they're running. That Sunday morning thing was insane. That was insane. I never in a million Cajillion years would've guessed that he would be in that position out all People Joe, maybe Out of all people that was, that was Good. That would be a good pod Five guys most likely that you would expect that to happen to. That Would be good.


Before we go picks for round two Celtics, you still go in Cleveland? Yeah, I think Brunson having to go through the gauntlet of options as opposed to being able to switch in a Beasley Hardaway and Dennis Schroder or even though Sru I think competed like crazy against him. I think it's a little different challenge and I think Kat is gonna have to cover a lot more ground than he did against Duren. I'm still holding out Hope Garland's gonna come back game two. But today was super impressive. I'm totally with you and you've been hiring on the patience than I've been and you might be right about it. OKC, no issues. And I have Minnesota. Is there any case for Denver?


I mean, you know, I could sit here and say, oh yo, you know the craziest thing about even the elimination game is Yoko and Murray weren't even going crazy. I think by Yoic is our standards for Yoic. This wasn't some like Yoic fest for seven games. Yeah, well I think but you don't Think they were the first team with six players with 15 or more points in a game seven in NBA history. It's so funny. Everyone those game seven, so like Christian Brown became right, that was the, was the Grant Williams game for Christian Brown where he is just huge. Like the game sevens, there's always the random, it's the buddy heel buddy Heal. Yeah, you always see those f that that would've been a fun one to predict for a Fando bet. Illa, you got two pods this week and then I'll see you live on Sunday night, which will not be as fun as this one.


Our guy, step Curry came through. Good to see you my friend. Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to GA and Eduardo, thanks to Relo, thanks to basketball for giving us two game sevens over the weekend. We thought we might get zero. I'll be back on Tuesday. Don't forget huge rewatch whats coming on Monday. Get ready. You can follow all the clips and videos from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel and I will see you on Tuesday.


It Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in president dc. Gambling problem call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny or text Hope NY in New York.


This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA. Whaddya. Do I look forward to every NBA playoffs season? Well, I'm always hoping the Celtics do well. I'm always hoping we have great storylines. Great games, great matchups, great game sevens. I just hope for good basketball. But the NBA playoffs, they're even better with MICHELOB ULTRA, the official beer partner, the NBA plus, they're getting fans closer to the game with a chance to win courtside tickets and more. Enter now at michelob belcher.com/courtside. Michelob Belcher superior access Courtside 2024 to 25 sweepstakes, no purchase necessary. Open to US residents. 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit michelob belcher.com/superior access slash courtside for free. Entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules, message and data rates may apply void where prohibited.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. Every basketball team that's still alive in the playoffs has one thing in common. Their key trades and signings throughout the season paid off giving each team the talent needed to make a run at the championship. With a small business, your success directly depends on the new talent you add to your team. And a great place to find that talent is LinkedIn. You know, hiring is a big deal for small businesses, not only because small businesses are wearing so many hats, but also because every hire is crucial for a growing company. That's why LinkedIn pairs you with the best candidates using data you won't find anywhere else from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. So find your next grid. Hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.