
The Bill Simmons Podcast is brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network, where we have a new re watchable coming on Monday night. We did Home Alone Too, 'cause it's a Christmas movie. Unlike Die Hard, it's also a great New York movie. It was me and Kyle Brandt. You can watch that on the Ringer Movies YouTube channel as well. You can watch all the clips from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. Cousin Sal joins us every Sunday night. You can watch us live on YouTube on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel, or you can just watch us on the Spotify app 'cause we run these as video podcasts.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA, wherever you like to watch the game at the arena of the bar home, wherever. Enjoy every moment of the NBA season with an ice cold Michelob ULTRA. And, you know, we've done some stuff with them, so they'll send me the Michelob ULTRA, I'll put it in the fridge. It's really interesting what happens. People come over, they want a beer, they go, oh, Michelob ULTRA. Or, I've never tried one of these. I've heard you talked about it. A hundred percent approval rating every single time. Keep it nice and cold. It's delicious. There's only one way to watch your favorite teams drop buckets. And that's with a bucket. Michelob ULTRA stuck up on Michelob ULTRA for the NBA season Michelob ULTRA, a superior light beer. Enjoy responsibly copyright 2024 Anheuser-Busch Michelob Bocher Registered Light Beer in St. Louis, Missouri.


This episode is brought to you by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Seeing a band or your favorite sports team in person is great, but it could be even better with the Chase Sapphire Reserve card. It can help turn every moment into an unforgettable experience with early access tickets to concerts and sporting events, and access to some of the best seats in the house. You'll also earn three times the points on travel and dining purchases. Find your next experience with Chase Sapphire Reserve. Learn more at chase.com/sapphire. Reserve cards issued by JP Morgan Chase Bank, na member FDC. Subject to credit approval terms apply coming up the cousin and I breaking down week 16 in a football stretch of games that will seemingly never end.


And it's turning my brain to tapioca. It's all next. First. Our friends from Proja. All right, we are taping this 8 44 s. So are you happy? What are your emotions right now? It's worth the wait. So worth the wait. I gotta tell you, bill, I I, no, I, I I can't, I can't root against them.


I hate it. I know. It costs us a draft, you know, draft picks in certain order. And I know, I know I have Tampa Beta in the NFC South. And yet when that defense plays with the intensity that it did, it is very hard to root against a cowboy. You have to feel that way too. Come on. Come on. I, I mean, your team didn't win, but I, You know what I'm saying, right? I thought you were doing Collinsworth, but you're doing Sal. I thought you were gonna do that. This is the greatest game I've ever seen. This is I've never seen a football game like this, Mike. It was, it was the greatest everything. It is the greatest. Secondary is the greatest intersection that run from BAK is the greatest. The producers are in Chris's ear. Like, Chris, please stop saying how the Cowboys have nothing to play for like five minutes later.


Hey, Dallas is nothing to play for back. They had nothing to play for. I don't even know why they care. Why are they dressed up? Get back on it on the bus. I wanna watch Vita Vey. I I wish he would moon me. I'm gonna rename my son Vita Vey. You hear that? Jack Collinsworth. See Vita Vey Collinsworth. Now Mike, this is the hardest hitting game that doesn't matter at all. And everybody should turn the channel that I've ever seen. That was quite an ending to quite a weekend. And I gotta say I'm footballed out. Yeah. I I just didn't wanna watch this game. Especially once, once, once Dallas was eliminated.


Even though they're already eliminated. But I watched it. Yeah. 'cause we had to watch for the pod. But you know, big picture, this, this football stretch we're in, we had Thursday, Saturday, Sunday, tomorrow, two Wednesday, Thursday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday nine of 12 days football. And I'm already, I'm already feeling like I'm at Foga to chow. Ready to tap out. Ready to turn the car. You turning the red, you're going red already. We got another game tomorrow. I'm like, I'm going red, red disco. I can't, I can't have any more meat. This is too much. Especially the college football. It'ss too much. It's a lot, man. It's a lot. Yeah, you're right. And it started And it had a Friday on, but you know, you and I love it. We love the money line favorites and the, the money line favorites came in six in a row between the college and Pro games Friday and Saturday.


So that was a nice little nest egg we built. Right. All the faves hit except for Philly, which we will talk about thanks to Jalen Hertz. But basically any sort of money line parlay with any reliable good to great team. Yeah. Five, six points and up hit It was your kind of weekend. I was thinking about you. 'cause Usyk was fighting too. Our guy Yeah. That we love betting on. He hasn't lost since the first Obama term. Right. And just get to throw him in with different parlays. You get the Buffalo money line and the Green Bay money line. But Philly was the letdown one. That was awesome. I know it was entertaining. Right. And it's, it's nice to win Christmas week. But yeah, Philly and by the way, what Hertz going out, the first thing we thought of was our friend Brad and Hench, who both on separate leagues had Hertz starting and the two leagues were in.


Yeah. Our two craziest friends had Hertz the most volatile, infantile fantasy routers and owners. And the, I mean, Hench is talking about the independent neurologist for 14 hours straight on text. He was so upset. He kept texting hench, Hench is like diametrically opposed to Chris Dinky in concussion protocol. So get him back in there. And then our friend Brad, who hasn't won our knockout league, I don't think, since we've had the knockout rule, but he's been voted out three times. Yeah. I haven't heard from him. I'm honestly, we may have to do like a, an unplanned wellness check. We've done a few of those, but not, not for a fantasy. Yeah. Yeah. So Hertz ends up with 4.5 points.


He gets, he, he crushes anybody who had 'em. Not his fault, but no, not the big story from that game. 'cause Jaden Daniels not only locked down offensive rookie of the year, I think five tds Oh yeah. 82 rushing another come from Behind win another like super exciting DC moment. Yeah. And it feels like his mojo came back the last couple. He was definitely hurt there for I don't know how long. Yeah. But now he's starting to look like him again. But that was such a great win. It felt like they had lost that game five different times. I didn't even know if it was a bad Eagles loss. You know, they'd, Kenny Pickett and I, I had the Eagles in a parlay And it Yeah. Kenny Pickett's in there halfway through the first quarter and you're going, what the fuck?


Like I definitely never wanted to bet on Kenny Pickett again in my life. But he actually wrote me in. I was like, he seems okay. And then we not offered insurance. Yeah. Yeah. I, I god bless, you know, commie fan and Ringer pre-game show, co-host Joe House. But, and I picked this Washington team to make the playoffs. And Jayden, thanks for the offensive rookie of the year. Lut. But I can't wait to bet against this team in the wild card round. I mean, the starting quarterback goes out five turnovers for Washington and a drop pass, maybe the worst big drop pass of the year by Devonta Smith, which would've run the clock out. There were two because there was that long one with Barclay too was another Backbreaker that he should have that too, by the way.


The Giants fans have always said he never catches those. He's got, he's got like butter fingers on Big Pass plays and that was yet another one. But the Devante Smith one, there was a lot of those today though, in the cold weather games. I think we forget how cold it is. Like the Bills Pats game by the second half, everybody looked like they were wearing oven mitts. Yeah. It's not as cold when we're screaming at the TV and our no toasty li living rooms, you know, wearing a blanket. Yeah. But yeah, but Washington needed every, every bit of everything we just named to, to win that game. I mean, they are they the full shit team? I mean they, you know, starting with the Hail Mary, I know maybe a few, you know, unlucky breaks with injuries. But honestly as a seven, I don 10 and five right now.


The Hail Mary was stupid. They had one other really stupid win. And then this one, but I mean, this one they earned. You know, it like you have, what was it, first down and goal from the nine under 20 seconds left? That should be like the most impo. It's like a Oh sure. A nine yard, two point conversion guy's wide open. The Eagles just completely fucked it up. But yeah, that was dope. I, so in that case, I felt like that was almost, I, it wasn't a bad Eagles loss until that last drive. 'cause if your defense is that good, every, everybody's like, this is the most well run, including me. This is the most well-rounded team. Not that Detroit's done, their defense is gone. The Eagles, they can get stops. Not only did the not get stops, like that was like one of the worst touchdowns anyone's given up this year.


It was really bad. But I'm wide open in the middle of the end zone. You have to think it'll be back hurts. Right. And so if that's the two seven matchup Yeah. Now it's, now it spells doom, I think for Washington. I, I I don't think there's any way Philly loses that game. Yeah. Those games are always weird with them though. Yeah. How many weird Philly Washington games can we have? It's true. And then there's, on that Monday, there's always like fans from either side at both of the games. Philly's defense needs to be a little better. That's for damn sure. But like a lot of these top teams you could say that could, well the weird part was, I, I just, I didn't understand like that, that the 12 band on the field guys running off, all of a sudden they're just giving up like a 70 yard touchdown to give them the lead.


I, there's a lot of stuff I didn't like with them. But you look at the playoff picture, like they're locked into the two seed. Yep. Right. So they, they have Dallas and the Giants left Dallas. Your team is like a surprisingly hard out now. I don't think that's a cross off by any means. Especially if they decide to sit Hertz for a week. So if it's you against Penny, penny pick it next week. Yeah. You might be eight Nate. So they're locked into the two seed and then the, the, the one seed is just bizarre. Where Detroit feels like they, they've lost like one time in three months. And yet somehow Minnesota is controlling everything. If they just win their last two games, they're gonna be the one seed.


Yeah. Now that Yeah, right now the Philly lost. Yeah, you're right. I didn't think about that. Yeah. I mean, listen, I have to, I, I think I have to go to Vikings intervention. You have to throw an intervention for me because every Sunday I come on here and I praise Sam Darnold and he has 32 touchdown passes now. And then Friday I'm like, oh, who are they playing? They're not gonna show up this week. I'm gonna take Seattle. And I get, oh no, I get it. Right. Right. In the keister or I mean it's, it's ridiculous what Minnesota and Donald are doing. And I'm not, I'll probably take the Packers next week. I can't believe you just used the word keister. Yeah. That's like, is that not allowed? No, no. It's just seventies, mid seventies people and up it's like, yeah.


Chippy. And it, it's, and your dad might have gotten that one and that's it. I just came from seeing them. I think that's a problem. Yeah, I bet on Minnesota this week. Oh, you did? And mainly because we have all these Seattle bets, but I've also, I've, I'm the same way I said uncle with them a while ago. They're, they're legit. I don't know how many times they have to do it. And I thought what was interesting about that game? So rooting for Minnesota to score Seattle takes the lead. Minnesota's down four, they actually have to, to go down and score a touchdown. Right. There's like five minutes left. And I'm sitting there on the couch where I have him move for like, I don't know how many hours. And I'm like, I think Arnold's gonna get this.


Like, I, I swear that was my feeling in the ca. I was like, he's gonna get it. I really think he's gonna, the field was worth thought. I thought thought you were gonna do the or orgasm face again. I was worried there. Alright. No, that was great. Sitting on the couch. Now you know what's funny about those is when I'm doing that as a joke to make you laugh. Yeah. And then it gets cut out as blog posts. It's like, look at this weirdo dude. I'm like, I'm literally doing a joke. You can't cut that out. Trying to make fun of me when I'm doing a joke. Anyway, they thought they caught you off guard in a weird moment. Oh my God, what's he doing? It's like I am doing a joke. Yeah. But anyway, Minnesota down four and Darnold, he's done it, I don't know how many times this year, but there's seven, eight quarterbacks in the league that I feel like can get that done.


Wasn't an easy scenario. But he is got these two great receivers that always seem to be open in the right times. But that throw breaks through. He is got pressure cuts through throws, like almost like a semi sidearm. He's gotta beat the safety. It was just a great play. And then Gino became Gino at the end of the game, which he always was. They got a little lucky 'cause they got the face mat. Was it a face mask called on Darnold? Yeah. It's one, one of those things where there's three guys about to sack him and one of the idiots like puts his hand on the face man. Like Yeah. And then like, ya him, shit, you gotta call that. There's nothing about it. Yes. But it was a great throw. And he gave, he marched. He, he is so, so cool on the pressure and marches him right down the field. And Jefferson is five touchdowns in the last three games. Like, I don't wanna say he was missing, he was MIA the first 10 weeks, but I They were double teaming him.


Yeah. They were taking him out. They were like, go throw to Addison and go throw to Hawkinson. They're only gonna get better I think. And so why am I gonna bet against them again? God damn. I think you could if if we're just going, who do you trust the most right now? I think there's a real case for them. Yeah. Because it always feels like they can score when they need a touchdown. Their defense can, can create enough havoc that they can get some stops. They always seem to grab a turnover when they really need one. And Gink goals always in. Yep. And I I, they're exceptionally coached. We make fun of coaches a lot like my, my Patriots today who had two really good drives in a row to start the game.


But then as the game went along they, the wheels start to come off. We had a backward lateral on like our own eight yard line that ended up getting recovered. First defensive touchdown. Like what are we doing? Why are we having Drake may whip a screen pass to Stevenson who's already fumbled, who isn't exactly Mr. Hands in nine degree weather inside our own 10 yard line. Like what are we doing? Why are we punting from, you know, midfield when we're down 10? You watch that stuff and then you watch minutes on force or two though you had the nice fake there. That was fun for that. Well yeah, the fake punt. But yeah. But then you watch Minnesota and it's like, I just, I agree with everything they're doing. This team has it. They're really well coached.


Flores is great on defense. O'Connell knows what the fuck he's doing. Really good team. Yeah. I'm in on the Vikings. I think they're legit. I think they're too And I think they play defense And if you talk about like the four or five top teams, like, you know, obviously the lions are who didn't kill 'em today, but they're, you front seven is injured. You know, they have 22 guys on IR or out. Most of those are defensive players. We saw the Bills defense. I don't know how much more you need to see outta that. Who else? Philadelphia was bad today. Like really? Just like the Chiefs and Vikings are the only two teams defensively right now with a few weeks left that I'm comfortable with. Yeah. The Pats had 28 first downs on the Bills defense today. Yeah. Wow. Like we have no receivers.


Like we are, we have an offensive coordinator that will do 10 dumb things a game. And we, 28 first down game. It was good boy had like six games. Was that the second half? Boy I'll admit. Yeah, he was. I mean, you know, listen, listen. You give him, you give him 15 chances to score from inside the five he's gonna fri he's gonna hurt you. That's what he did at the end. Don't you don't do that. 'cause he will show you up. Come on. Why are you making fun of me? My teammate? I have the second pick in the draft right now. I know. Thanks to Antonio Pierce. That is nice. Antonio Pierce like fist pumping in the sidelines. Like we did it, we dropped from two to six. We got this.


Wait, going back to that. Let's talk Washington, Philly, Minnesota, that whole vortex. So the Hertz concussion, I think it's in the running for one of the biggest football moments of the year because it didn't just feel like it swung the seeds. It also happened during semifinals and fantasy. Oh yeah. I I was trying to think of like what injury that, you know, he'll be fine in a week or so. But what like relatively minor but sucky injury would've had more impact on more people. Hertz is like a top five fantasy quarterback. Like I guarantee he was on all this type. So it was just like a crazy right moment. And then watching Pickett go in there and you're thinking like for Washington, like this is really good for them.


Like they, they, if they're any good they should probably steal this game and then they couldn't do it for two hours. But, so that happened. And then the Minnesota thing and Seattle's out now it seems like, right? I mean they're not officially out but Well, they play the Rams. Right. I know, but they're a game back. They gotta, they basically need the Rams to lose next week. They need to win next week and then they need to beat the Rams. And those Rams will, I mean there's a couple games they've won scoring one or no or two touch them. Right. It's just, they just get it done. So weird with them. You know what's weird about them? They're, they're like a January team. They're like the opposite of what their profile is.


You know, like you think of them, you think they're like this dome team, they're gonna be in these 37, they're in these ugly like 19 to 16. Yeah. 20 to 17. Like that. That's kind of makes more sense when you're watching them. Like the Jets didn't pun. I don't think they punted today or they punted, they punted once. But just like ugly turnovers going for it on fort down. Not getting it. I don't know. I didn't, I they're like one of those boxers that you can't like figure out what their style is. They like, they run the ball really well. Some weeks, other weeks they don't. Some weeks Stafford looks like he's 40 other weeks. He looks like he's 25. I don't have a handle on them at all. Do you? I don't either. I don't know. Yeah. I, I wanna say I wanna bet against him in the playoffs, but if Stafford, I think Stafford's gonna struggle in cold weather a little bit.


I think we saw that in the numbers. Support that and you know, Faron Rodgers just didn't hand them the ball at the end. That might've been a, might've been a game at. He was at least Oh really good. Really good stuff. He was awful. But, but yeah, they have what, what, like what'd they score against San Francisco? 12 and then barely 19 today in 10, 10 days. They, I think they have two, three touchdowns now. Two weeks. And it's a lot of like it's a little cheapish. Yeah. Where they're, if it's fe, if it feels like if it's close in the fourth quarter, you feel like they're gonna pull it out and they'll show Mc Fay and he's like high fiving people and doing that whole thing. The other big scenario that happened today, and you could feel coming Thursday after that game flipped with the Chargers and the Broncos.


It's like all of a sudden Cincinnati, Steven, the the sleeper hole, Cincinnati, it's like one, two and then it's like, oh, oh the finger. Oh my God, what's going on? They've won three straight, they're missing their left tackle on the right tackle and their defense is awful. Although it's pretty good today. And yet somehow they're still alive. Yeah. And if they have, they're, they're playing Denver at home next week and then at Pittsburgh week 18. Yeah. Pittsburgh. Which might not mean anything. Pittsburgh could be in that scenario whether, oh, we're the six seed. We don't care if we're the seven seed, you know, doesn't seem like team's really mine or Oh, Pittsburgh could the five seed.


Yeah. Yeah. They could be five or six and not even care. And then they need Miami and Indiana to lose Indianapolis to lose. Can I just say something I have, which by the way is, is not, not a Miami's playing Cleveland and the Jets. Indianapolis is playing the Giants and Jaguars. So those teams might run out. Right, right, right. I I had my biggest bet of the year when gonna come clean Penn State Cincinnati teaser. Hmm. And I, I was so mad at the Bengals. I was like, how the frick are you not putting this game away? You know, like this is this, you make everyone sweat. They ed points for two hours. Jesus. And you got Dorian Thompson, Robinson, Pete, whatever his name is running up and down the field.


Like are you kidding? I know it was 24 6. But yeah. Can't they, this is, you know, this is the defense. You know, your, your defense has been awful all year long. Can you just keep it in check against Cleveland? Not, not scare us so much Now nobody would believe it from the box score. Right. I actually really enjoyed the bad football. I had bets on every game except the Rams Jets. I'm just like, I'm not going near that. I don't like what we talked about earlier, the Rams, but Right. That Cleveland game was close. Yeah. Their kicker missed a couple kicks. Dorian Thompson Robinson was terrible at the exactly the wrong times, but for the most part seemed pretty confident. Their defense was doing a good job, I thought against the Bengals.


Yeah. Right. And it felt like they were hanging around. Hanging around and all of a sudden it was gonna be 1713 and they were gonna have the ball with five minutes left. I was freaking out too. I didn't understand why the Bengals couldn't close it. It's a sexy bet. I know. Our, our buddy Raheem went with it plus six 80 to make the playoffs. I, I haven't checked it. Of course it's, it's lower now. That's what it was this morning. But I don't even know if they run the table. Even with that slate that you said home against Denver. Their defense is bad. Yeah, yeah. Everyone's doing that. You don't wanna see them and it's like, nah, I think I'd feel good about seeing them actually. Yeah. They can't stop any, anybody. Yeah, they're very consistent. So you have them, you have Denver who really looks like smoke and mirrors personified Miami, who actually got a good game from Tua today.


We'll talk about that later. And then Indianapolis who ran for 335 yards today against a terrible Tennessee team. But if you catch them in the right 20 minutes, they look pretty good. Yeah. And I don't know, one of those themes is gonna be the seven seed and I, who, who, who would you be the most afraid of out of those four? So if you're, who, let's say, who's the two, would we say Buffalo's Buffalo? I think's gonna be Buffalo. Yeah. I'm you're hoping to Miami myself, but maybe Cincinnati. But I, yeah, yeah. Miami. It wouldn't scare me if I'm Buffalo going there. Colts wouldn't, wouldn't scare you. No.


No. They, they can't too. I don know. Are they gonna have a balmy day in January? Like I don't, I don't see it. I guess if I'm Buffalo I but, but they're gonna kill everybody I think. What do you think? Who would you be most fired? Well, Miami I'd be fired up about, 'cause cold weather, they have no chance. Yeah. Indianapolis Richardson in a playoff road game. No chance. Denver bow Nicks I don't see it. Right. Sorry. I know you love bow nicks but No it's fine. That's that same teams like that, that team has like a good hour in them and they kind of need the lead and then they kind of hold on their offense. Bo I I do like them pretty much the same as last year. If you look at the numbers, it's a defense that's allowed seven fewer points a game.


Yeah. Benito turned into one of the best guys in the A ffc. Yep. I would be the most scared of Cincinnati. Not I, I know it sounds like I'm contradicting what I said before, but I think the team that beats Buffalo in the playoffs is just gonna be the classic. We outscored them. We won 42 to 40, we won 38 to 35. Like you're not stopping Buffalo anyway. So weirdly the Bengal's not having a defense. I don't know if that matters. 'cause whenever Buffalo wants to move the ball down field, they do. What's interesting about them, Cooper again didn't do anything today. Nothing. He won catch for 10 yards. Yeah. And that was their big trade deadline move. It makes me wonder like, should anyone trade for a receiver during the season? Like the Adams is doing well for the Jets.


'cause Rogers is throwing to him 28 times a game trying to get him going. But meanwhile they scored nine points. But yeah, I don't know. I don't know what's gonna be with Yeah, you're right with Buffalo. But I think with Cincinnati, even if they do out slug Buffalo, they'll, there'll be a time to just bet against them. Right. This team doesn't win two, three games in the playoffs. It's not built like that at all. No. But they could win one. And I think if you look back at the season, they just had, so what's their record? Are they, are they 500 yet? They're seven and eight. Yeah. But they had how many dumb losses? KC 26 to 25 Washington. 38 to 31. That was stupid. Baltimore 41 38. That was dumb.


They lost that other Baltimore game. 35, 34. They lost that stupid Chargers game 34 27. And then they lost that Steelers game when they Put up 38 points. Like they've kind of been around some of these losses. But I do think, I think they could play like a 38 to 35 type game and bur maybe Burrow is just awesome. Yeah. So that's who I wouldn't wanna play if I was Buffalo. But I Yeah, I mean they have superstars, chase Brown, Higgins and, and and Jamar Chase. But yeah, it is interesting. They're almost exactly the opposite of the chiefs who have somehow made a deal with all, all the players in the organization that we're not gonna break 31 points this year. Know we done Threepeat but never scored 31 and here Cincinnati scoring 31 like, you know, three outta every four games.


Right. And can get win like, you know, less than 500. Yeah. Even, even in the Casey game this week was like, God forbid they took a 10 point lead. Right. The other team always has to be within one possession with 10 minutes left for some reason. I will say though, with Casey, and it's a little like Usyk watching him just kind of figure out how to win the last few rounds. You just feel like when you're in fourth quarter, they're chiefs. You just feel like they're gonna figure it out somehow. Yeah. And it doesn't really make sense as you're watching it. They don't seem really better than any team they're playing. You know, you're not like, whoa, look at those guys. It just always feels like they're just gonna make two plays and steal it.


But if I was the rest of the league, I'd be dying to play them. I don dunno. I don dunno. I would feel like we can beat these guys. Watch this tape. We can take these guys. I just think it's all bullshit. I really do. They're good. They know you, like you said, they know how to be there at the end. And yet they don't have a go-to guy other than Mahomes offensively. Right. It's like, oh, Noah Gray. Oh, all right. He is their guy. Oh, Kelsey can only catch a three yard pass and spin for five, you know. Yeah. But I don't know. And also just the, can we stop with the high ankle sprain garbage? Like that's, don't call it that anymore. That's not what it is. If he's not wearing a boot on Wednesday, it's not call Tooth Decay. That's closer to what he has than a high ankle sprain. If he's running around, he's a full participant in practice on Tuesday.


Gimme a break. It was like an ankle tweak. Yeah. That they tried to sell. Like it was this terrible entry. Yeah. When you run off your curb to get the mail or something. That's what it's, so Denver has Cincinnati and Casey left Chargers have the Pats in Las Vegas. So that's, they're winning with that Miami Cleveland and the Jets. Colts Giants who are awful. They're the worst team in the league. They just suck. They're so bad. I, I was having fun in the first quarter of that game thinking, yeah. Oh they took the lead with seven Nothing.


It's like, okay, just don't make any mistakes. True Lock is out. I'm gonna throw some pick sixes. I'm not even gonna throw one. Pick six, I'm gonna throw two. He got it. Throw a judon. Yeah. Right, right. He got it. He knew what he was doing. So they play the Giants and the And the Jaguars. The Jaguars are pretty terrible too. So I don't, I don't think since he's gonna make it between Miami and Indianapolis, I think one of those teams are gonna win. Yeah. It's only two more games now for each of them. So it's doable. Special season for the Cleveland quarterbacks. I added up the touchdowns and interceptions. What do you think? Who was the best? Was Jamis the best?


Probably the, yeah. Probably the most productive. Yeah. Both ways. Most entertaining. What do you for TDS and interceptions for the season? Tds, all the guys combined. 8 11, 21. Oh that was pretty negative. 18 touchdowns somehow 20. Oh 20 picks 18 touchdowns if that. Well Jamis had like 13. Oh guess he did in six weeks. Yeah, that's true. He went crazy in that. That one Monday night game too. Yeah. What would you guess for Thompson Robinson's career touchdowns and picks. I know he is on amongst the lowest ever for qbr.


So six 14 I Don Dunno. Nine picks one touchdown. Is that what it is? Yeah, we probably about that on The Ringer Sunday pregame. It's like, hey, one of these two teams has a guy who has one touchdown and seven picks. Yeah. Now he is got one for nine. All right.


Switching gears. This NFL Monday Night Football. FanDuel wants you to win even bigger. Right now all customers can get a 30% live profit boost on the Monday night football game. That means you can boost your next NFL Live bet by 30% and take home even more winnings during the Monday night football game. I love the Packers to just destroy New Orleans. I plan as soon as we guess the lines with Sal and then I know what the lines are. I plan on taking the Packers money line and putting it with multiple games from week 17. So Packers to win a all in, you can bet on over under Spreads player props so much more. And if you win you'll get paid instantly on FanDuel. So don't wait. Download America's number one sports book. Take advantage of a profit Boost today must be 21 plus and President Select states are 18 plus and President DC opt-in required max wager amount applies. Bonus issued to non controllable profit Boost tokens. Restrictions apply including token expiration C terms for both offers at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com C terms@sportsbook.fan.com. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER or visit rg help com.


I have a segment we're gonna call Murder Watch. Oh good. Yeah. First up, the Raiders murder their top two pick the Raiders are locked into, it's a two quarterback draft. I How do you feel about Cam word? What's your take? I like him better than Shado Sanders. I still don't, you know, I, my problem is I bet all these guys and lost a lot of money on them. Yeah. And I've cursed Shado Sanders for hanging around the pocket too long and taking bad sacks. But I like his mechanics. I just feel like Cam Ward is more NFL ready right now. And I'm, like I said last week, I'm not sure any team, because you get the Dion Bs with it, right? I mean you can't True.


You can't shed that if you take Shado. So I don dunno. Why So you're thinking Raider, I mean who, who would be more fun? Well, the Raiders right now it's Giants one, they're taking a quarterback. Raiders were the second pick. They desperately need a quarterback, even though, I guess I wouldn't say O'Connell was good, but he at least was, you know, it's like when my dad drives to my stepmom's house in Albany, it's like he got there. You're proud of him. It's like that. Yeah, it's like a compliment. Raiders go from two to six 'cause they lose today. Pat's move into two. So all my Pat's text threads, if we just hold on Chargers next week, Buffalo Week 18. That two spot we just hold on.


We just hold on at three and 14. And then we're in the, we're in the trade spot. Right, right. So what do you want? I mean, what do you even want? I mean we, I don't know. Like, let's say the Raiders are six and they wanna move up for Shado Sanders at number two. It's at least number the six pick next year's first some other stuff. Yeah. Tennessee's gonna need a quarterback. And the giant, so three teams in the top seven a quarterback. There's only two. And what I didn't want was the, for the Pats to be third. So, so right now it's Giants, pats, Jaguars, Tennessee, Cleveland, Vegas, Carolina. And the irony of this is Mac Jones helped us twice.


Yeah. After completely murdering us last year. He wins a game to push them to three wins and push them behind us and then loses today of the Raiders. Pushes them ahead of us. So we push Is it irony or is he still on the pay? Is he still on the payroll? Maybe he is not. Maybe. Yeah, maybe it's one of those things we didn't change. The books seems like too much irony. Yeah. Yeah. So the Raiders were their pick. I you're gonna get, so what do you get? You want a big lineman to protect this guy. Right. We need a lineman. That's what you have to get. Scouting. Scouting left tackle footage, which is about as, as boring as it gets. It's not gonna be sexy. You're not gonna, you don't want the wide receiver. You already said that. Right. So no, we're, it's like, hey, let's take a long look at Kelvin Banks Jr.


In Texas. But anyway, I don't know. We'll see what that pick's worth. 'cause once we get closer to the draft, it's true. And people start getting excited about the quarterbacks and then you start forgetting the bad stuff. And I, I don't know what, how it's gonna play out. All right. That's one murder. Miami Murders the niner season officially. Hmm. Now you could say it was on life support. They were awful. And I, and I really don't know where I stand on the Brock Purdy contract extension now because I haven't, like he had another, a couple terrible plays today. And I don't know, once you start removing those weapons, Deebo is not quite deebo anymore. There's no Iuk anymore. There's no McCaffrey.


And he just looks like another guy that I'm watching who's good at scrambling and occasionally throws the ball up for grabs. Yeah. There's just no way to tell with him. You know? I mean, I guess we're getting a look now. Like, right. Like he, he was the guy that everybody, everyone needed to be there. Like you said, the conditions have to be ideal Shanahan speed, but you, and to be working, but you both on him. Like we were like, this guy's impressive you got hand. We flopped a thousand times on Bertie, I would say. But I, I, I do. I still think he's worth it, man. I watch these 10:00 AM games on the west coast. I see eight or nine bad quarterbacks. So what are we talking 50, 55 million? I feel like, I don't know. I think you're gonna get I wouldn't do it. You know, we could win 10 or 11.


You don't think so. Wouldn't do it. You think all these guys are going out. I wouldn't do it. I don't, I don't wanna pay $50 million a year for somebody. That's not a, you're in the tourist situation Again, Tua is good today, but I don't, do you wanna pay two of 50 million a year? Do you want No, but I think that's, he might be worth it. When you look at these other guys, you gotta start from scratch. Dunno how you build a how do you build a great team around him? 'cause you need a better line. Like Trent Williams has been out and all sudden can block anymore. Yeah. Yeah. That's an issue. I, to me the question would be is there a Darnold every year now and there won't be a Darnold this year because I think if Minnesota doesn't bring him back, now this is lunacy, but maybe that's the move is you trade for JJ McCarthy, you know?


Yeah, I know. If the Niners have like the 10th pick in the draft, maybe they're just like, let's take that guy off your hands. But what I mean, that's a monster that, that's a first round pick. So you're gonna trade. Yeah. I, I don, I don't know McCarthy went eighth last year and got hurt. Right? I don I, let's see this year when, when you say there's, is there another Sam Donald, this is kind of like a unicorn situation. This is what is his seventh or eighth Baker Mayfield the year before? Like there's not too many guys who need seven years to prove themselves. Is there? It could be Zach Wilson next year, I guess could be Cooper Rush. Ooh, interesting. We're not letting, could take him first for Cooper Rush or No, I think we gotta get two first and someone has to fix the roof.


Yeah. I mean you're probably right. History of the NFL says Donald's a complete anomaly. You can't count on getting lucky like that again. And other teams have tried, but like Gino Smith on Seattle, they were able to patch that together. Yeah. I think it happens a little more than people realize. But what I know doesn't work is paying somebody 50 million who might not be worth it. I'd be really nervous about that. Yeah. The 49 ERs the window might have closed with this, with this core group for sure. But but it, it, that's still that offense does home when McCaffrey's there and i's there and everybody else. So they have to keep, man, it really is the Trent Williams thing though, isn't it? That's the big piece. Yeah. And I it's a little different without him. Yep.


When we did our futures draft before the year and you tapped out, I won the Foga to C cha. I can't wait for next year. Now that we know, it's like whoever taps out first loses, what do you mean? I did You tapped out. Yeah. Yeah, because I don winners back and forth. You ran out. I got you. Ran outta futures. I'm gonna win. I'm gonna win. I did five. No, I'm definitely winning. I I, no, I hit one. Yeah, I have, I had some, I had some great ones. I had some plus three hundreds. I had some big ones. We gotta look at those. I wanna see those. That's, that's crazy. No, I think I'm gonna win. But one of the ones I took at the tail end after you tapped out was Niners under nine and a half wins And it was plus two 60. Hmm. So that I wish next year I'm, I just wanna print all these out.


What do you think Niners under seven and a half wins would've been? Oh yeah. Like plus 700. Yeah. That's nuts. Yeah. I think we have to remember that for next year, there's always gonna be one or two teams that are like five wins worse than whatever the over under is. And with some crazy 7 0 1 value, try to guess in each conference what team it's gonna be. Yeah. What was McCaffrey's prognosis when we had done that? Like he might miss one game. Wasn't that like we were do No, we were dubious. We thought he might be out for like the first month. Right. Well we thought that but I did. They did. They, I mean we know better than everybody, but No, but what were they saying? They said really maybe a month or they weren't saying anything. It was dodgy.


It was dodgy enough that it affected our fantasy draft. Right. That's true. Yeah. I wanna look at those numbers. I picked offensive Rookie of the year winner. I picked possibly the defensive player You had Player of the Year. Yeah. One of your best ones was you had Pat's worst record. Detroit Best record was like 36 to one. You're not gonna hit it. Oh. But I had, that's right. I hit a bunch of like Pats unders NFC South. I had, I I did pretty well. We gotta pull this out. It's gonna be a good battle. We'll see. There's a lot of ones left. But we did well in the over unders too. That Miami Niners game. I don't know what happened to Tyreek. I don know whether he got paid or he is, but it feels like he is not as, it feels like John Smith's the most valuable offensive worker they have now.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. But they really ran the ball today and it was the first time they ran the ball in a while. Now granted they're playing this Niners team that felt like it was whatever. But it did make me think like, this is kind of the Miami team we thought they were gonna be before the season. This like speedy team that could also like really pound you with this crazy run game. And it feels like they're figuring out a little bit. I thought they played really well in that game. Well how surprised were you to hear that two or through his hundredth touchdown pass of his career. That makes sense. That's like 25 a year. I don't know why it really threw me for a loop. I was like, this guy has a hundred. That's exactly what I thought. So he said 25 for a year.


Yeah, but they're sitting all that time. But we've been really harsh on him. Yeah. I thought he was good today. And Tyreek dropped two touchdowns that he, he said look, they said someone got a hand on it, but yeah, I agree. No, he was good. He pulls those in. You know what was good me for taking the over in that game? 14 and two. Let's talk about that 14 and two with my wisest wagers. Just, I just, lemme get this out. Just everybody set your alarm. If you're on the West coast. Watch The Ringer Pregame show on YouTube TV on the west coast. It's 8 0 4 in the morning. You catch my bet. You plug it in the Fandel and you go to sleep until one or four. You'll wake up a winner. I'm 14. You're on a heater Because the one today was super lucky.


It really was. You were gonna lose, you were under. Yeah. Eight chan is up five. He's an idiot with like less than two minutes left running for a first down. Most guys in the league fall down. Everybody on the five yard line and he's like, everybody fuck it. America needs fantasy points in the over and he just runs right in for the touchdown. Big ass smile on his face too. You must have been going nuts. I was like, this is, this is insane. Yeah. I don't think I'm ever gonna lose again. A little before Eastern. I, I mailed you guys my 13 pointer today had that on there, which was the Bills packers money line, the Bears plus 20, which I somehow won. And then the other one was you're over.


Right. It's like over, I teased it down in the 31. They almost had that in the third quarter. They needed it to the Yeah. In the fourth. Yep. That was good. One other funny thing about that game, I think Shanahan is my number one coach where it's like they're down between four and seven points and I feel like they have no chance. Remember that I, I actually looked it up 'cause I was like, I I vaguely remember there was some weird Shanahan comeback thing. He was like, oh, for 37 before the playoff game in January right against Green Bay was the first time they came back. But it was yet another one where it's like, eh, Shanahan, they're probably not come back. All right. Next Murder. Carolina murdered Arizona.


Yeah, they did. And Bryce, who we left for dead last week, outplayed Kyla Murray, who yet again as a recurring theme with him both this season and for his career, just cannot stop having three Absolutely horrible, abysmal, excruciating plays per game. He can't not do it. And he's been in the league, what, six years? I'm out. I I was out already, but I'm like all the way out doors closed. Locked, done. It does seem like he's one of the quarterbacks who really should lobby for a three quarter football game. Right. Like you're not gonna see four quarters too long for him to not make one or two crucial mistakes.


Or maybe mulligans. Yeah. He's like, the guy in golf is like Can I get a mul again on that? Yeah. I just, I just almost killed the foursome to the left on the other hole. Right. All take another shot. And the the prince has three mulligan passes that you don't get moul against the football. Right. And we used to imagine like when we were growing up, if someone kicked no, well no one kicked a 58 yard field goal. But if someone kicked a 58 yard field goal, you were gonna win that game. Right. Right. If it was that important and he couldn't even do it. It was like a, a punt return for a touchdown. He couldn't even do it. Couldn't win this them this game in overtime. Very strange. So the guy who kicked the field goal, Chad Ryland Yep. Was on the Patriots last year and single handedly lost those three games with terrible kicks.


And it is the reason we have Drake May, there's a couple of people I follow on Twitter that are Pat's people that they call him the tank master, the commander and tank chief. 'cause it was like he, he just brought us home and he went to Arizona and now he's just banging home 58 yarders like in bad condition. Like it doesn't matter. He makes everything. Yeah. It's a best offensive player. Yeah. So he hits that. And by the way, they got really screwed on a call on that end of that game where he was kyler scrambled out of bounds. And they they did that weird, this is another NFL call that they just have stopped being consistent on ever is the guy, if he, did he fall forward or not? He all of a sudden the ref's like, no, no, no.


Keep it going. Even though he seemed like he, you know, was in control of his own out of bounds destiny. I I haven't figured that out yet. And then the Panthers win in OT and the Panthers now four wins. This was my luck of the NFC five and a half wins under Panthers. Oh, you're good. I feel like I'm gonna get it. Yeah. Wait, how's it, how's it end up for them? I mean, we, my boys a little nervous. They're just playing all the, they're playing the other teams in the, in the conference. Oh, right, right, right. Or in the division. Oh, they're at Tampa. I mean, Tampa talking about a murder. There's gonna be Murders if they don't win that game. Yeah. They played Tampa. They're on the road.


Tampa and Atlanta. They're not gonna win both of those. They're good. Yeah. They gotta start thinking about top five picks Now. Am I good with the NFC South 25 wins? What? How many is it now? They're they're all playing each other. Yeah. It's gonna be closer to 30 than I, I'm a little worried. That was my all time lock. Oh. 25 so far. Oh, I see, I see what you're saying. Oh man, what are you gonna have to hedge? You're gonna have to hedge some dumb week 18 game. No. Yeah. Tampa's 8, 16, 20. They have 25 and they're, they're, it's like three where they're playing each other where somebody wins. So that's like 27. I think I'm gonna get it.


Yeah. But I can't believe I'm sweating it out. And then we're gonna win our NFC East one. Well hold on. Yeah. So it's Buck Saints and Carolina. Atlanta. So you'll know before week 18. That's week 18. I'm okay. I'm gonna be fine. You'll be good. You'll be good. I, I furious that I'm sweating it up. Next one. The Rams somehow re murder the jet season. It felt like this was like positive vibes with the Jets Enigma came out, they won last week. It's like, oh, Rogers, if you look at his stats, this is the best, best season of Jets QB has had in like 12 years.


All that stuff. Nope. They sucked. And he sucked. Yeah. He was terrible. He was bad. Right. He was awful. And you're right, it the, the highlight will show the Devonta Adams touchdown. Right? Yeah. But everything else, poor decisions in the pocket. Can't get free slow, just slow as shit. I mean they, they, who is, what are they talking about? Bringing him back or another team signing him? I just don't get it. I don't care. The please. It has nothing to do with him personally. What would possibly catch your eye that you would time this guy again? I can't think of a single thing.


I'll tell you ano another person who's not gonna be back. Ulrich. He's, he's the 2024 Brandon Staley award winner. Yeah. I don't think anyone has a worse sense of when to go for it. Went to go for it on fourth down when to punt. He just fucks it up every time. Yeah. It's like whatever's, whatever's gonna work. He's like, I'll just do the opposite. Lemme try that. This guy will never be a head coach again. He is got brick in his name. The brick layer. We gotta we gotta come up with something for him. But we have two weeks to do it. Hey, how about you'll never be a head coach again? Can we call him that? Yeah. Is that a good nickname? Yeah. It's a little long. I don't know, a little long on a license. I just feel like we should have appreciated Pit Boss Rich a little more when we had him.


Yeah. On the whole concept of an interim coach with like real character coming in and just being like a substitute teacher. I don't know. There's a Garrett Wilson subplot with the Jets that you can really feel when you're watching them. I just don't think he's gonna be on that team next year. And I would love to get him on the Patriots. I'd take him right now. Oh yeah. I think he's really good. And I think Rogers is just favoring Adams and or Lazar or whoever, whatever guy he has some history with over like Garrett Wilson. Garrett Wilson gonna go to another and be awesome. He's gotta be great in the Right, right Offense in the right scheme. Yeah. I don know if it's the Patriots, but it's definitely not The Jets. Hope it's Patriots.


Come to the Patriots and play with Drake. K Oh man. Bro, we were told you have to take Garrett Wilson's no li later than seventh in the first round. Andree Hall. Fourth, forget it. Gary Wilson murdered two of my fantasy teams. Here's another murder. J Gerard Mayo, murdered analytics. I don Dunno if you caught this. So when the Pats punted from the New England, 45 on fourth and sixth, 8 33 remaining in the fourth down 10 punting to Josh Allen, the MVP of the league. Right. A surrender index. According to the surrender Twitter surrender in index of 9.08. It ranked in the 95th percentile of cowardly punts of the 2024 season and the 91st percentile of all punts since 1999.


99. Another chapter for Gerard Mayo's new book, scared Football. I love the, that Cowardly Punts has to go on someone's resume. Like if that guy goes for another job, like, all right, let's see your guy, your teammates team seems to like you. Yeah. You did this all right. Yeah. Oh, ooh, cowardly punt. Ooh. Two cowardly puns in 2024. Oh no. Oh. Can we get that down? Can we, can someone write a letter on your behalf explaining the cowardly punts? The announcers were praising the pat today because they, they rolled Drake May out a couple times. Yeah. They played with Pace. They did a fake punt. They were like the Patriots aggressive. I'm like, we're three and 11.


Like of course we, what are we, what are we protecting? We suck. Yeah. I was sending you live odds for them. They were plus 1 42 when they're up by 10. What was it? 14? You were never, never ever, never ever did I think we were winning that game. Mm. Because if I had been panicking about the draft pick, there would've been a moment in that game where I was like, holy shit, we're gonna blow this and actually win. But it was the perfect game. Drake may know he knows the program. Do just enough. Get everyone excited. He's gonna have a couple dumb 21-year-old plays. He has every game. Yeah. 'cause he is 21 years old. But I love him. Let me ask you something. I'm be, I'm love, I'm being honest.


I'm not being a jerk. Don't. And I, I do. No, but what is the difference between him and M Jones? The first, oh, my 12 weeks of M Jones don't give. Oh my God. After 10 weeks, he was saying they should redraft Mac Jones would be one or two. No. Stop. Well, what It was not. You did, you absolutely did. Mac Jones was always like a game manager. This guy. Oh my God. So Dund sent me something. NFL Offensive success rate leader since week 10. Lions Packers, Ravens Bengals. Bills Rams. Patriots. Yeah. Like Drake Bay's good. We have nobody, we have no receivers. We can't block, we have a running back that has seven fumbles this year. Never. Max Jones been seven fumble player since 2020.


Yeah. I'm sorry. But you love M Jones. We penalties you. I'm just saying. Be careful. You love, you did love M Jones took you to playoffs. I'll go further. Yeah. My favorite Boston rookie of the 21st century. What? Yeah. Yes. Really? Yeah. I'm all in. I'm all in. I'm happy to be haunted with this clip forever. Drake May is a sure thing. All the Pat fans are not now we've been watching my He's fucking incredible team sucks. Wait a minute. Wasn't Mookie bets a rookie for you? Yeah. I love Mookie bets. I have 'em above Mookie bets. Oh my. And I love Mookie bets. Oh man. Drunk. It's so hard to get a quarterback. It's like the the fucking single hardest thing to do. I know you could go.


I know. Yeah. Decades without one. I really thought after Brady, we'd have no chance to ever have one again. And now we have this fucking guy fell out of the sky. It's amazing. And, and the funniest thing is he might not even be the best quarterback in his class. 'cause Daniels is also amazing. But like, if you gave Caleb versus Drake may, it's like no contest. I can't believe you. You, this is a little much, this is just a, a tiny bit. Much. I don't feel like it is based on the Mack Jones phrase. Don't like it is. You did love you never you didn't call him game manager for after 10 weeks. You loved him. You thought he was number one or two in the league. Rookie. If, if Harrison started to be like a lifeguard at the beach. Oh, this is personal now. Yeah.


My Harrison or James Harrison. Yeah. Mine. Yeah. And he just swam out and saved somebody's life. Still wouldn't like him still. He'd be like, wow, that was nice. If he did it every week, he'd be like, dang, this kid's a hell of a lifeguard. What, what kind of life does he week after week? It's just like, he's saving lives. He's fucking, I can't believe the shit he's doing. Oh my God. Imagine like the imagine the first drive. The first drive today he did five, six things that were like, I can't believe he didn't get sex. I can't believe he got out of that. I can't believe he threaded the ne needle to booty. He was covered by two guys. How did he get him the ball? Right? Like, he's like, incredible. But you, he stuck in the second half. Believe you could believe that he didn't win. Right? 'cause he's done that 12 times. Well, not that much that you could believe.


No, I'm super excited about Drake B you're not gonna pour water on it. All right. Okay. And I'd for if he was a great lifeguard. I'm just saving lives every week. I, I I think both of those are over, over exaggerating. Three and 12. Do you really? Have you been watching him? I have. He's like shockingly good. What the fuck? What? Really? Yeah. I don't know. All right. I, I gotta look. Just give, give somebody who's super talented. The worst coaching, the worst play calling the worst blocking and the worst receivers. And then they're still gonna get 28 first downs on the road against Buffalo. I'm just saying be careful because we've saw I'm not fine. I'm Lawrence. We saw Mac Jones, like Trevor Lawrence. We've never did this as a rookie. He was never this competent ever in his life.


I can't believe you have three. Heres what's gonna happen. This is really, yeah. Here's what's gonna happen. Mark my words. The nerds are come out, this was a winnable game today. You, you could have been, we've had like seven winnable games because of him. We have no good players. We have him and Gonzalez. Here's what's gonna happen this week. The nerds, when they do the, the eq, all the, all like the fancy stats May is gonna be amazing in these different stats. Like the PFF, all that stuff. I'm telling you, he's gonna be great and all that stuff. You and the nerds, you should watch the games with the nerds. Can we bring in Kyle for a second? Kyle, are you, are you listening to us? Oh, this is, this is Kyle. Kyle. Tell Sal how good Drake may is because he doesn't seem to believe me. He's really good Sal. He's really good. Oh he is? Oh, okay. Watch the first half of these games. You should just watch the first half.


Oh, just the first half. Okay. Alright. He's really good. All you turned me around. I didn't, I didn't believe you but Kyle Sal just be on the right side of history with this. Drake May is a guy. Really's a guy. He's a guy. This is happening. How much are you gonna pay for him in fantasy next year? I'll say this. He's gonna be on all my fantasy teams going forward. Really? Yeah. What a lunatic. You're what I love. This is great. You we watched I'm have a quarterback again. It's fine. It's fine. It's great. I love Tatum. A Tatum first year I was like, this guy's got it. We got somebody. This guy's like a special guy. And I feel the same way about Rek may felt the same way about rape work in 1979.


It's like, this guy's a guy favorite rookie. Gotta back. You're same ook. Bet. Same thing. Mookie bets as a rookie is like this guy has it. Yeah. He and he did have it. Well let's wait. Did have it and then took it to Let's wait on this guy. Yeah, it'll be around. Alright. We'll see the Saturday games. Baltimore handled Pittsburgh winnable game for Pittsburgh. Russ Wilson. Is this we Pickens? Is it a Pickens thing or is this, this is always who Russ was it? It doesn't help, but I was waiting for this kind of, I mean, it was the first bad hustle and Bustle game.


We've seen it a while. He fumbled up the goal line and he threw that bad pick at the end there. Too. Terrible place. But honestly, the thing that makes them just like everyone else, if they're gonna give up 220 Russian yards to, I mean, I know it's Derrick Henry, but that defense can't take weeks off, that's for sure. Otherwise you're gonna look at 34 17 every week. Yeah, I agree. I just feel like with Pickens, I'm not willing to make a definitive anything on them until Pickens is back. I, I wanna see what that looks like Wednesday. Yep. Pittsburgh has to win out. Or they had the five seed. The other team is Houston, who I thought was on pace to maybe win that KC game.


That tank down injury was one of the worst injuries in a while. It seemed like it sucked the life out of the game game. It sucked the life out of them. All of a sudden. They only had one receiver, but it felt like they had a real chance to win that game. And I like the way their defense was playing after that. It was like, eh, they're not gonna win this. You know what? I think they're mid Carter. Who, who's a WWE comp from the eighties. Like, like David Bruno, San Martino. Tito Santana. Tito Santana. All right. Yeah. On his, on his way down. I would say Santana Cowboy. Bob Orton. Somewhere in there. Because that that's that's perfect. What the right there. But yeah, you're right. That injury was awful. That Venus. Yeah.


Vive. I don't know. No, but they, that was an awful injury. It was gross. It was a lot of emotion. And then the sadness turned to outright hate when Fair Barn missed that extra point. Which basically took him ice for a half hour. Yeah. That was it. So we had those two games. We had terrible college football games, but we had the fight was awesome. Yeah. That was a lot of fun. And both of us had a lot of money on Usyk. And after round five I was super worried. 'cause it felt like, it felt like Fury had put on so much weight. It just felt like he was too big. And it felt like he had somehow stayed in enough shape to battle Usic.


And it felt like USA could not figure it out. And then of course he figured it out when Fury came out with those trunks and they were so high. Yeah. They were like just right under the nipples. And they're like, you're like, oh yeah, he's hiding. He's hiding that gut. But he kept coming at 'em. I mean, I hadn't seen heavyweights like that where, you know, usually you're gonna get clinches for half the round. You didn't get, you got like one or two per round. Like those guys were just thrown at each other. Yeah. And Fury was determined not to be leaned on, be trapped against the ropes. He was always trying to stay in the middle. Moving around. Could we see it again? I know he is beating at twice. What? But I don't, you know, it's, it's weird because neither guy was rocked to a point where, oh man, he's really in trouble.


Yeah. In either fight, I don't think. But I'd love to see it again. Like why not just keep fighting? It was great. I would, I would watch Usyk fight anybody. Yeah. I really love how he kind of changes his style depending on who he's going against. He'll go back and forth with South PA regularly. He just, he's always up to shit. But what about Drake? May, would you want him to fight? Drake May. I think Drake may would beat him. I think you believe that too. Kyle, come on. Come on and tell us. Jake. Ben's a little brother. He's got, got beaten up by his brothers for his entire childhood. Does Drake May beat to second in a fight. Kyle, I love Drake. May I? I am happy to die in this hill.


Good. I'm happy. We have a guy I'll The best funeral so far. Remember when Dak was good those first couple games? No. With DAUs and you were like, Nope. You were like, fuck Dak might actually be good. And you kind of just slowly realized, oh, we have a guy. Yeah. But it was an angry guy. I was such a Romo guy there. And he won when he beat Pittsburgh. That's true. That was, that was the, my emotional, it was like an Angelina Aniston thing. Yeah. My hormones were just way outta whack that season. Couple random observations for you, Brian Thomas Jr. Yeah. Really good. I think he's the best rookie receiver. The stuff he is doing in these games with the quarterbacks he's had and the amount of times he is been overthrown and all the different things they ask him to do.


He's just terrifying. I, I feel like he's like a top seven receiver now. Right. Be, be if we're doing fantasy again right now. I think he's one of the se first seven. He's stuck on a bad team I think right now. But I was looking at his comps against Malik Nabors this year. Yeah. The Nabors nabs has been out a bunch, but still has more catches and not nearly as many yards or touchdowns or anything else. The guy just knows how to get open. I was looking at these odds. It doesn't matter. Jayden Daniels is gonna win. But I, I think it's a handful of guys who are second. You could put Bowers, you could put Bucky Irving, you could put Brian Thomas Jr. Right in there. I think for a second, Thomas Jr. Has to have the degree of difficulty of how bad his quarterbacks have been.


Right. And I don't know, I'd love to see a montage of how many times he's been wide open and somebody threw it over his head, but it's at least four times that I can remember watching. But he went 23rd, so Yeah. Right. And a Dante went over him. Neighbors went over him. Marvin Harrison went over him and there was three teams that needed a receiver and then he dropped and he dropped. And if you go look at the little pocket of players, all the players are good. Like Jared verse, you go on through. But I was like, God damn, I wish the Pats had traded up for him. Or somebody. Like, imagine if Casey had traded up for him.


He was right in that zone where it would've been pretty easy to move up like five, six spots and grab him. But yeah, he just seems like he's a home run pick for them. So it's hard. Yeah. I'm not gonna say it's hard to, to pick than a quarterback, but some of these guys are in such like spread weird offenses in college. It's tough to see which is gonna translate even in even with pro days and and timing and everything else. Yeah. But yeah, he was a steal. I will say Van Lathan, LSE fan who watched his, watched him there, was adamant that he was gonna be awesome. Loved him. He was like, I don't understand why he's the fourth guy. And why, like how did they decide that he was just the fourth best guy outta all these guys? The guy was incredible in college.


Right. Jaroff 33 touchdowns this year. Wanted to mention that touchdown passes outside chance for 41 of the, well doesn't Donald at 32? Is it 33 to 32? I mean, that could be a good week. 18. That'd be fun. I was just thinking like that's one of the great random trades of this century. Hmm. That Stafford golf trade, how it rejuvenated the la I know people have talked about it a million times, but golf just being miles, leaps and bounds better than you ever could have expected. If you're the Lions and you're getting him and then Stafford wins the Super Bowl. But imagine me telling you three years ago, golf is gonna be the quarterback on a team that's 13 and two and he's gonna have 33 touchdown passes with two weeks to go.


You'd have been like, what? I would, well you told me the same thing about Mac Jones and I didn't believe you, but yeah, no, you're right. No, he's, if if anything else we could stop the golf and cold weather. Can't get it done thing. No, he's now done in Green Bay. He's done in Chicago. This was an easy trap game. As bad as Chicago has been. And they, they butch in him. I wrote down Caleb has replaced Kyler as the new king of garbage time. Yeah. Maybe down 20. That fucking lights it up. Look out. Yeah. Here comes Caleb. I want him to break the record. Nobody's sacking him enough anymore. It's gonna be David Carr's record still. He has like, he has like 60, he needs 70 now.


David Carr's gonna be popping the champagne in yet another year. I mean compared, he has a franchise record. He has a franchise record for Sacks. Like if they told the Bears like, Hey you, this quarterback has Caleb Williams, he is gonna set a franchise record this year. He'd be like, oh this is great. Really? What do I franchise record. Terrific. Yeah. Hundreds of years. Pennix looked fine. Yeah, he's okay. You know what? He could move. He could move. Unlike her cousins, he was, was he 18 for 27? 2 0 2. I bet. Maybe you think this is a dumb bet. Anyway. I bet no interceptions. 'cause I thought they were gonna put kid gloves on him. There's gonna be a lot of bijon.


There's gonna be a lot of scream passes and that Kyle Pitts, he's the worst. Oh, but he worst player in NFL history. And it doesn't even count as a fumble because he catches the ball And it bats it right to the defender. Yeah. He even drops the ones he catches like not called fumbles drafted fourth overall. That's a bad pick. That is. That's the worst. I would've been more outraged about that. But the Patriots have done that to Drake may like four times this year where they've caught the ball and then just whipped it to the other team that should have a name. When a guy does that's, it shouldn't count as an interception for the quarterback. Right. It should be like a team interception or something. It's not good. It's the pits for sure. That said Falcons defense was the ad drop of the decade.


Anyone who had the Falcons defense picked him up Thursday, Friday. Good job by you. You won your fantasy week. Last thing I had before, guest Alliance, Ricky Henderson. Ah, great. Met kind of ahead of his time. Would've been really great with the internet. Like social media. He would've been a whole other level of famous, notorious everything. I, I remember doing the unintentional comedy rating, like doing that whole, like he was one of the unintentionally funniest athletes we've ever had. He was also great to watch. There was nobody like him.


He was way ahead of his time with the on-base Steels power. Like all the stuff like we knew in the 21st century mattered. But we didn't really know in the previous century. And in person was one of like the seven or eight most memorable baseball players I ever went to see in person. Right. Isn't it the same for you? Yeah. Terrific. One of the most entertaining, obviously the fastest you've seen Headfirst sliding to taking the base off. Just holding the base over his head. We just don't see it anymore. I mean you, because no one's breaking the records like he does. But yeah, I think you're right about the social media. He would be just what Major League baseball needed. Like Yeah. Where Mike Trout, you can't get any good sound bites at all.


Yeah. Ricky Henderson would be all over. He would be basically Yogi Berra from 2000. Right. And before the third person stuff was so fucking funny with him. Oh yeah. Like he, other people have done it. He did it the best. I remember I went to Yankee Stadium once with a couple of my high school friends and we sat in the left field bleachers. He was playing left field. It was like late eighties. And he'd run at every inning. And our whole section was just screaming Rick a Rick a trying to get him to turn around. And he came at every inning for like five, six innings and he wouldn't turn around and we're just yelling, we're drinking. We're like, Rick a, come on Rickey one time Rick Rickey just stonewalling us.


Nothing. And then, then like the sixth inning we're like Rickey Ricky. And then finally he turned around huge smile on his face and tipped his hat. But we had been doing it for like two hours. We were like, yeah, what was the tipping point for him? It was like we couldn't have done that in the third inning. But it was just, we just, it was so much fun to just watch him, like walk around, interact with people. Yeah. Well they said there was nobody like him. His hearing was very bad. So maybe he didn't, he just just didn't notice it. No, he was great. He put his hearing aid. He was so much fun. What a bummer. It felt like he was on a lot of teams too. Like he was in the Red Sox. He was, you do Immaculate Grid. He was on the Mets and Yankees. You know you can around Immaculate Grid with him all over the place.


Yeah. Yeah. We had a fun year with him just watching him. I mean he was the older version of himself. But, all right. Guess the lines. What's the score? Let's do it. You're up. 8, 7, 1. Heading into week 17. Yeah. 8 7 1. So I don't know if you know this, but there's Christmas Day games this year on Wednesday. Are there really? Yeah. Well what I mean C-B-S-N-B-C. No, Netflix. Netflix What? The one where you mail in that you mail in the DVDs and you get 'em back. How is that gonna work? 2020 per 20 people doing the two games. Yeah. Pretty much everybody. Oh that. It's a lot. Yeah. It's your nightmare. It's a lot.


You hate that. Well it seems like they're only gonna have four or five people on the, on the thing. But nothing can be worse than Jack Collinsworth interviewing like Tony Dungy for what is that segment? Why doesn't Jack Collinsworth get to make points? He's like, Tony, what do you think about? Yeah, no. What do you think about their defense? Well, I guess it's just you're just setting him up for questions. It's like a fan could do that. Yeah, it's weird. Tony Dungy just asked himself the question. So I guess that's how it has to be. That would be amazing. You'll learn a lot from this guy Jack. Just ask him anything. The cat one's just play. That's the greatest game I've ever seen. Jack. Let's get a drink.


I can watch these two teams played on March secondary Christmas Day Chiefs at Steelers. So spoiler alert, I have home underdogs for both games Chiefs at Steelers. I have chiefs by two and a half in Pittsburgh. Here's where the cheating the the Netflix cheating begins. I had three. It is two and a half. Exactly. Should be two and a half. You be a Pickens back for this game. Yeah. Super winnable game for the Steelers. This is a good one. Which, which NBA game is this up against? You are not gonna watch any NBA are you?


I might sneak out. Sneak a little. I don't know what the N NBA's doing with the scheduling three games today. It's like, God forbid they had a, God forbid they had a game going against Cincinnati and Dallas on Sunday night. A game that literally meant nothing. God forbid he had one game going against that. They wouldn't do that. No. Didn't make sense. They're like potentially shooting themselves in the foot. Or your Celtics play at two o'clock hard time. So you should be good. It's a bored Celtics team just waiting to get to April. Now the Celtics are, anytime they're favored by tanning up against anybody. You gotta be careful. Yeah. Like that First Bulls game they played.


I, I know in the first quarter. I'm like, oh, it's one of these games. Okay, I got it. Well let me know 'cause I'll live Bet against him. I know you won't, but No, just send me a little text. We'll split them up. Tatum's been great. Next one is Ravens at Houston. No. Tank. Dell. No. Stefan digs. Mid Carter's. Salvatore Bamo. Here we go. Salvato Bamo. Estee Jones. Ivan puts, he's perfect actually. Yeah, I have the Ravens by two and a half. All right. That's exactly what I had. It is three and a half.


Yep. It's a tough one. I'd be surprised if Baltimore, what's the bet for for Wednesday Celtics? No man. I kind of like both favorites. I kind of do. I like the Steelers and the tees Thursday. So we had two Wednesday games and then somehow they're like, let's also have a Thursday game. Seahawks at the Bears. I have another road favorite. I have Seahawks by two and a half.


I changed this. I had three and a half. I changed it to four and a half. We're gonna split it. It is three and a half. I went four and a half. Yep. Thank God that fired Matt Elu. That fixed it. That's a fricking disaster. That fixed it. It really is something Sunday Marque just a really good game. Vikings Packers in Minnesota. So one of the five best games of the year. Really good. I had the Vikings by two because I don't think, I think people, there's a shred of doubt. Like, which even you have. It should be a three, but I'm gonna say Vikings by two.


I had three and a half and I, I still need some convincing that it shouldn't be. You're right. It's one and a half. You get it? What did you guess? I had three and a half. I, I I. Oh Jesus. I mean why? What do you mean Jesus? No, people like this Packers team. I know they have to, what happen happen is like that's an even field line now. That means if it was in Green Bay, it would be Green Bay by one of them. It shouldn't be. It shouldn't be Packers off a short week and Vikings. I'm not, don't get me wrong, I'm gonna take the Packers after all this nonsense talk. But people like the Packers. Wow. So Steelers Packers is a tease. Hmm. Look at that one. Watchable. I got four. And it's mostly playoff related chargers at the Pats.


'cause the Chargers need it. I think it's, it's a game to watch. It'll also be fun. 'cause Drake May is really good at football. You'll enjoy watching him. Drake May fans. This is a Saturday game. Saturday morning. Right. For us it's a, oh you're right. It's a Saturday game. It's three Saturday games. Yeah. Oh see I didn't mark down my Saturday games. Oh, that screws you up. Oh, that screws you up buddy. I win the week hosting thing. I win the week. This is like you not signing your golf card at the end. Oh no, no. I win the week. That was fine. Chargers, pats, I have the Chargers by four in New England. Alright, I get this. I said six and a half and it's five and a half.


That's stupid. It's too high. I like the Pats. No, you seen their quarterback. The problem for the Pats in this game is they had the lad McConkey pick number 34 traded backwards, three spots to 37 to take Polk. Right. And then with the fourth rounder they got, they took Baker and McConkey on Thursday night. Had more yards in that game than those two guys who had the entire season. Polk was good though, shit. Yeah. Who caused his confidence. Yeah, it was good. Wonder what happened next Saturday game is Bengals. Broncos. This is in Cincinnati.


And I think there's gonna be a little, little irrational Bengals. Love that pushes this line over three to three and a half Bengals by three and a half. All right, well I was way irrational here. I said five and a half. It's three mm. Nobody trusts. Fandel does not talk. Trust the Bengals at all. This does feel like a Saturday game too, by the way. You know? Yeah. Oh, I'm, I'm, I'm on it. Oh, okay. Alright. I didn't realize that I actually did this correctly because the third one I have, I just wrote down watchable and I meant to write down Saturday because the other one is Rams Cardinals, which is also a pretty good game. Yeah. Although the cards have been eliminated.


It's in LA and I'm gonna say Rams by four and a half. It's Rams. I got this exactly. It's five and a half. Oh that's fair. Notice I'm on with these picks. I'm like very close every, this is usually a good sign for my bidding. This is the Cardinals beat them. 41 10 in September. Yeah. That was when the Rams were up. Banged up though. Geez. Fairly watchable. Tampa Bay Buccaneers home for the Carolina Panthers in a game that I think is almost guaranteed to be Joe House's. Underdog Moneyline special. Oh he shouldn The Ringer Sunday pregame.


He shouldn't do it. Lock it down. I bucks by eight. You're gonna get this. I said nine and a half. Why is it nine and a half? It's eight and a half. Oh, I did get it. Teaser. They played what, two weeks ago? Three weeks ago. Game. I don't think I have a tease Tampa 'cause of that. I didn't love their defense. That was another iffy game for them. Okay. Next. Fairly watchable dolphins at Cleveland. What does fairly mean anymore? I gotta look up fairly well that I guess it's, that's an important game for the Dolphins. That's true. The Browns are always a dumpster fire. It's cold weather. Miles. Garrett.


This game could go in a lot of directions. I have dolphins by six and a half. I get this. I said six. It is five and a half. Hmm? Six to five. You're up. That would be a nice little cold weather test for the Dolphins if it's cold. Yeah. Right. Like let's see, let's team, let's see what you guys have a quarterback bad enough that you could win. Whether the temperature doesn't matter. It's interesting. Yeah. Is there another quarterback that can play? Are they down the road with Thompson Robinson? Is there anybody else? They're talking about signing him for next year already. I, I was, I was looking into this keeping him around Eagles Cowboys in Philly and I would've said 10 and a half before what I watched today.


And now I'm gonna say nine. Yeah, you're gonna get it anyway. I said eight and a half. It is. It is 10 and a half. You should, you could have stuck. Oh Jesus, that's too high. 34 6. They beat us in November. That's too high. Especially 'cause I'm not convinced Herz Herz plays next week. Are you? Well, is it gonna be a dependent neurologist or an independent neurologist? Attest this. We shouldn't make jokes. I don dunno his first, first concussion. But the game doesn't a hundred percent matter. Yeah, I guess you're right. I'm like, why wouldn't they be take it easy with them and just play pick it for a week. Right.


Yeah, it's true. They like beating the Cowboys. That's why. But other than that, four poop FACTA Games, bills Giants and Buffalo. I got bills by 12 and a half. Jets. Jets. Bill. Jets. My bad. Yeah. Bills minus 12 and a half at against the Jets. Oh no, I had 10. It's nine and a half too low. Let's take that. Let's, let's figure something out with that. It feels like a three team, seven pointer. Yeah. Saints Home for the Raiders. Awful game. I have the Saints by two and a half jerk. I had three. It's two and a half Colts at the Giants.


What's crazy is I don't think the Giants can be getting under a touchdown against anybody at this point who's half decent to somewhat crappy. Which is they. Which they can in They can no go. Go on. You should guess under guess under a touchdown. I got Colt minus eight. Shit. I said six. It's seven and a half. You get it? I'm on this week so, damn. Hold on. Lemme count. Can I even win? I'm on. You're done. 7, 8, 9. 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. You're right. Three. I'm down three with three left. Jags home for the Titans. I got Jags minus one and a half.


I think this is a neutral field line man. I can't believe how much I'm losing by half a point here. I said two. It is one and a half. I'm on it today. You really? It's like when the Patriots were cheating at their best at the spy cams and everything. Stealing signs, everything working. That's fine. That's kind what fine. You say what you need to say to help yourself. That's what you got. Thank you. I mean we agreed that minus one and a half is the neutral field line. Right. I know they shouldn't even have a line line on this. Are Jacks one iota better than the Titans or vice versa? They both suck. How? Yeah, I mean that's a neutral field then. And it was Sunday night And it was 10, six couple weeks ago. Yep. Sunday night. Washington home for the Falcons.


Ugh. It's a good game. Does it mean anything for the Washington? I know there's like a 3% chance it'll make it or something, but that that touchdown now that really did kill me. Does it mean anything? Lemme see. So no, they could still I think be out. No Seattle or Atlanta. Like the, the Seattle Atlanta combo could catch them. Right? Well if they you get like a three-way tie at 10 and seven, I guess maybe. Maybe it's bad. Guess what it would be? Yeah. If they had clinched we would've heard that they clinched. Right. No, I know. I saw AK said, oh and by the way, they're playing Atlanta, which is one of the teams that could catch them. Right. So right Washington minus three and a half is my guess. Right?


I get this. I said four. It's four and a half but I think that's a little high. Ooh, that's too high. Atlanta has Kyle Pitts though. They factored in the Kyle Pitts team interception. Yeah. Last one. Monday night. A game that I guarantee they were thinking was gonna be fucking awesome. Detroit at San Francisco. This was like ESPN was probably one of their first draft picks. When they draft draft what games they wanna have for Monday night? It's the NC championship. It's probably a top three. Yeah. Game, right? Oh yeah. Let's put that December after the Monday after Christmas. Lions Niners. That's gonna be one of our best games. We'll have an awesome manning cast.


Well the joke's on you 'cause this game's gonna suck Lion's minus six and a half is my guess. Wow. I said five and a half. It is three and a half Bill. Oh my Lord. Wait, did I maybe 6, 8, 3. Yep. I won. No, now you won ten eight. Damn what? Three and a half. What's the explanation for that? The lions need the game. They're trying to get the one seed. How does that make sense? Is this a get right game for the Niners offense? If, if the lines are that banged up now have to travel. You know I'm in an unbelievable hedge situation with the Lions One seed.


If they win that game because we both have, we have a lot of one seed money. Yeah. Yeah. We're like, we had them at like six to one. They're gonna be home for Minnesota week 18. Right? Yeah, sure. If they win, they get the one seed. If they lose, they don't get the one seed. We'll be able to take the Minnesota money line and just walk away with a profit and yet we won't do it. 'cause we're gonna have that heat moment where you did the Tom Sizemore and you go, for me the action is the juice. Let's ride the lions and all of a sudden we're riding the lions. That's how it's gonna play out. I like that movie a lot. And I like where you're coming from. Should we bet the Vikings this week?


Because isn't that kind of the same thing? Same thing. Well the parlay would be they'd have to beat Green Bay. Yeah. And Detroit. Yeah. Yeah. But if they lose this game, but what the odds wouldn't be. Right. I don't feel like the odds are worth the how hard, hard that's gonna be to do. That's whatever time I'm going on fan now. So the division. Yeah. Minus two 90 for Detroit Plus two 40 for the Vikings. I guess we could just do that. You can't be the one seed, not win the division. Right. You know another interesting thing that happened with, speaking of FanDuel, did you see the MVP ads?


I have not looked because, because Alan, Alan wasn't awesome today. Yeah. It's down to minus four 50. Right? They're playing. Who did? Who did they say? Who'd we say they're playing this week? The Jets. Jets. They're playing the Jets And then Week 18 Pats he might not even play. And then Lamar's playing on Christmas trying to get the two, the two seater, three seat. Lots of eyeballs there. Yeah. So Lamar is plus three 80 now for MVP, he'll have to win the division. Right. So he has to get lucky and have big games. I think if he's incredible on Christmas it's in play. But Alan was nine to one Thursday and now he is minus four 50. Yeah. He threw in interception. God forbid.


That's good. That's a good battle I think. And then make the playoffs odds then only have four, then only have Cincinnati's 22 to one not to make the playoffs. Wait a minute. That went up from this morning. They, if you bet them to make the playoffs, it's plus 10 40. It was six 80. They have a worse shot now I guess. 'cause the Cols and do You know what of the Cols and Dolphins? Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Numbers are fun. Yeah. The Colts are plus three 90 and the Dolphins a plus eight 20 and Denver is minus two 80. The, so the Colts need Denver to lose to Cincinnati and then they need to win their last two.


Which you said were very easy, right. Who was it? The Raiders. Ja. Who some. Yeah, but they're the Colts. I know. They really are. Richardson just loves to throw, they're playing the Giants. So they'll win next week. Yeah. But then they're home against the Jags. I guess that's pretty easy. Oh, they're playing Cols. They might be two of the three worst teams in the league. Yeah, the Jas will try though. So Indie, that's a fun one. Yes. Plus three 90. Denver has Denver is they play at Cincinnati home. Kc. Yeah. Why are they favored? I'm not. I go back and forth as to who that's gonna matter for. Well now it's gonna matter for Denver.


Right? Is Denver in If they win now almost. Yeah. I think they have to win the last two. They have to win both. Yeah. So that, yeah. Yep. That makes sense. Hmm. Interesting. And then we have conference. Oh, the one, I think Denver would only have to win one Simmons 'cause that that minus two 80, it wouldn't be minus two 80 if they have to win both, would they? Would it be? Yeah, maybe they just have, or maybe they have to win one and then all the other variables. Yeah. If anyone loses anything. So they have one seed bets on FanDuel, Detroit's minus three 10 Minnesota's plus three 10 Eagles are 17 to one.


They're not winning. Hmm. So we could hedge right now at the Vikings plus three 10 if we wanted to. For me the action is the juice. That's it. Billy Sizemore. I like it. We stay put the worst defense. What do you think, Raheem? The bank is worth the risk. Raheem's threatening to go in another cold funk, by the way. I'm worried about him. What do you mean? He's, he's, he lost a couple bets. He was all upset. Oh, in the text thread? Yeah. It's all right. He's in Vegas. He'll be fine. He's in Vegas for like, for like three and a half weeks. What could go wrong? What could go wrong? We'll see, we'll see him for round one in my house.


In a, yeah. I don't know what kind of shape he's gonna be in mentally. What kind of shape JJ iss gonna be in. What if we get dolphins in round one? Oh yeah. Yeah. We should start rooting for the dolphins now. Oh. That's what we need. So, so Rudy says the Broncos only have to win one of the next two to get in. Yeah. You probably should have known minus two 80. Yeah. That's at Sensei home kc. Well they're only a three point underdog at, that's sensei. So they're right there. What do you got for parent corner? Parent corner. All right. So I mean you would, you would Thank you for checking up on me there. Saturday. It did turn out my son did not have ringworm, so we did have to go to the tournament. I had to drive him to get weighed in.


'cause the team doesn't have buses at 7:00 AM sat my car. I bet. EPL, like a lunatic tournament started at nine 30. All these games going on. You know, it was, it was supposed to be, luckily the games weren't great, but you know, I still had to watch wrestling till like 2:00 PM So my car from 7:00 AM Well the fights at the fight was at like one 30. Got it. It was like two 30. I got home just in time for it. Yeah. Okay. So, but you and I were talking about this and I feel like we should go further with it. This is, I think you said something like, we do these things. Why? So that our kids don't abandon us later in life when we need them. Oh, you wanna talk? This is, yeah.


This is an oppressing text thread we had, right? It was, but I think it's, I think we should make it official. I don't know what we call this, but we should make agreements with our kids. Lay it's layaway plans. Is it layaway? Yeah. When we get old and we're dying and they're taking care of us. If they give any, if they complain at all, we're like, I was at that fucking wrestling tournament for you. And you're right, 15. I wasted my whole Saturday And it was a great sports day. You're gonna, you're gonna go get me a glass of water now. I like it. But I wonder if we present it like right away. Like right when they move out, when they're 18 years old, you have a list, like a scroll of stuff. I don't know if we call it a parental prenup or a kin insurance maybe.


But, and you like you, you just show your kid, you're like, insurance, insurance. That's what it is. Yeah. You have to take care of me. Yeah. And it's like, hey, remember you got a D in geometry and I found out and you told your mother you got a C and Well, I never said anything. So you have to shop for me when I'm old. And remember I took you to wrestling tournaments in Orange County at 6:00 AM all throughout the fall. And now I watch Penn State who had thousands of dollars on a teaser. Also for your benefit on my phone from the smelly bleachers. You're gonna wipe me when I turn 80. All right. Right. And if I bail you outta juvenile detention, you're building a ramp in my house when I can't walk up the stairs. I think we should have to lay it out for these kids as we're, you know, it's not like, all right.


Plus you get money, whatever if, if I pass on, but Right. I think this needs to be an official thing. Insurance. Insurance. Yeah. So your dad, if he had played the kin insurance card a couple years ago, is anything different? You spending more time with him on the weekends? I would never see him after he turned 50. No, no, no, no. That's not, you're like, I've lost your insurance papers. No, he's, he is like the Dallas Cowboy. He's like, You know what, why, why couldn't you be good early in the season? Early in my life. Why are you turning it on now as a grandparent? No, I shouldn't say that. He's a great dude. Why try to finish nine and eight? What would you say to Ben?


What would you, what would you present to Ben? I mean, I'm lying for Ben tonight. He's got girls over and he is like, don't tell mom. I'm like, all right. I won't tell her. Oh shit. There you go. Now I'm on a live YouTube. I guess I said something. There you go. He, he's gotta take you to the Celtic extent. It's, I'm gonna invite people over while my dad's doing a podcast. Different room in the house. Perfect. Yeah, it's great. In fact, we probably should wrap it up soon. Yeah. I'm gonna cash it on my, my kin insurance. I love it. So mine, so my step, I step, I think he just said yours. It's better than that. He's got kid, he's got girls over right now. My, my stepmom who has been in my life since the mid eighties.


And the whole time when we met her, she was like a young, when my dad met her, she was a young doctor. Right. And, you know, doing the, the crazy hours like you would see on the Grey's Anatomy and just like nuts. And then eventually like got better and better at a practice. She's been, you know, delivering babies, doing all kinds of stuff. O-B-G-Y-N forever. And this is, this is end of the year. She's done retiring. Really? Oh wow. Yeah. That's it. Great career. Nice. Saw a lot of female body parts. Delivered a lot of, as many babies as been, but yeah. Yeah. Somewhere had a lot of, and it's a weird thing 'cause like, like Zoe had a playoff game like a month ago and the coach came over the other team before the game And it was, and ma was like, my stepmother was like, oh, I delivered her baby.


And it's like she just runs into these people who she's delivered babies and done these, you know, the most intimate kind of like doctor patient things. And it's like, oh, this is Jessica. I've delivered three of her kids. So anyway, she's wrapping it up. So I thought, since this is a nice moment, I would, I would tell a story about my stepmother who I don't know if I've done much on parent corner, who doesn't like to be talked about at all and is probably mortified right now. When she, when I was in going to college in Worcester, but then I was living in Boston, I would go hang out with my dad and we would watch sports, you know, we'd go watch like self the game football game.


I would just go over, we'd get dinner and she would always be on call. And part of the reason I don would be over is like, oh, well watch sports. Molly's not gonna be home. Like she would, she wouldn't wanna watch her car would always, you would see like they had this driveway in front of where the TV was in the window and there would be like a minute left and be like, tie game. We'll be back after this to see what happens with Larry Bird and the Celtics. And then the headlights would be in the driveway and it would be like, oh, she's home. It's it. And then she would come in and we'd ta and my dad would have to talk to her about her day as like the last minute of these games. And I used to think it was like the funniest thing ever. I was like, oh my God.


Like had she uncanny timing for, for showing up anytime There's a big moment. Right. And I thought it was like a, like a couple time coincidence thing, but it became something that happened all the time. And I was telling my buddy Gus about this and he had the same thing with his wife where he'd be watching like a Mets game and she'd come home with the groceries. Oh my God, I gotta tell you a story. And it's like, I think some people have this power and other people don't where they show up at the perfectly wrong time of the game. So I was like, well when I get married, that's never gonna happen to me. And then I met my wife, same thing. Shows up, comes, comes home right there in these huge moments.


Like I, so I don Do you think some people just have these powers? It's like a magnet? Well, because my stepmother I feel like invented it I think 30, 40 years ago. It's more of a power now. Well you and I watch sports all the time, so it's gonna be, do there think they would even phase us? 'cause sports is is on all the time. Our tv, but also our TV breaks in the four bot. Like there's always gonna be something interesting that they're gonna walk in off. We can pause it. Right. What I wanna know is maybe like a fox, she's been hanging out in the driveway listening to the Celtics game. Oh. Waiting to fuck with us waiting. Yes. Oh that's interesting. She's a bigger Celtic fan. Fan. Wouldn't be surprised than you are. It turns out she's actually roots harder than you. And just, it's a, I wouldn't be surprised. She's a greatest practical joker of all time.


I like that she, her favorite Celtic was Robert Parr. Nice. Still wears the parish jersey or the KG jersey of the games. Really? We turned, when my dad met her, she didn't know anything about sports. Like nothing, didn't have a TV and now has this whole Celtic sister. Anyway. That's great. Dr. Molly Clark hanging it up end of the year. Great job by her. Great job by you. Dr. Molly Clark. She, yeah, she delivered a lot of deliveries, a lot of vaginas. She delivered 14 of tiny Archibald's babies. Calvin Murphy. No idea. What do, what do you got for the holidays? How many people? Well we got, we got Ringer pregame show next Sunday. I don't know if I mentioned, I'm 14 and two with my wisest wager against a loss.


You didn't mention that. 14 and two, didn't I actually mention it now? 14 and fricking two. That's pretty good. Christmas games we'll talk about on against the odds of the NBA picks. We got a lot for you there. And that's it. Just sticking around. What do you got? How many people? How many people for Christmas? Like how many people during those two Christmas games, how many people are you gonna have to navigate? Nine? That's not bad. Nine. Yeah. Not too, you know what's interesting, the games are earlier. Yeah. Right. Because they wanted to get 'em on in like, you know, Europe and so the, the first game's at 10 o'clock. Yeah. It's like almost like Thanksgiving Times. And then the second one's at one 30, there's no night game. I think Thanksgiving's a bigger pain in the ass to navigate.


'cause you have that hour. You actually have to sit at a table. Christmas I get, you know, you have the same kind of thing, but opening gifts doesn't take forever anymore, does it? Well we don't have little kids anymore. Well how long do you, not even even so hour. But the little, the little kids part though. That's like in the morning you open, you take the pictures. Yeah. And then at 10 o'clock you're like, all right, I'll see you guys later. Mahomes is on. Yeah, it's tough. Yeah, right. It's a tough one to pull off. I need a wife who delivers babies or something so she can go and I'll let her know when to come in. Lot of babies. Babies. They named babies after her. That's great. It's like hundreds of Moes in the, in the New England area 'cause everybody likes her.


Amazing. Yeah. Good job. Hanging it up. Speaking of hanging it up, we're hanging up the podcast thanks to Kyle and Sir Rudy and Gaal Sal. I'm gonna be back with the re watchable on Monday and then I'm not gonna be back on this podcast till Thursday. When, what's your schedule gonna be? Well, I don't care about your other PO podcast. No. Against all odds. You'll hear it Tuesday morning. We'll do it right after the Monday night game. And like I said, ringer pregame show on Sunday. Check it out. Alright. Good job by you. Happy holiday Christmas. Yeah.


Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus and President DC Gambling problem. Call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Marilyn. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 8 3 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or text Hope NY in New York.