
This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA, the official beer partner of the NBA. What do I love about the NBA Championship? Well, first of all, I love when the Celtics win, but that's not happening this year. But you know what? I really love the drama, the pressure. Everything goes to the highest level. Guys are injured, guys are banged up. Guys are hungry. It just brings out the best of everything. And MLO Bal Ultra is helping you celebrate like a champion with a chance to win your own limited edition championship bottle. Just like those gifted to the NBA players during the championship parade. Enter now at Michelob ULTRA dot com slash courtside slash champs bottles Michelob Belcher courtside, Victor Solomon Champs bottle sweepstakes, no purchase necessary. Open to US residence 21 plus ends June 22nd, 2025. See official rules@michelobbelcher.com slash rules for free entry prizes and details. Message and data rates may apply void. Where prohibited.


The Bill Simmons Podcast is presented by The Ringer Podcast Network where Avenue New re watchable that is also going up simultaneously with this podcast. I guess we did Marathon Man as part of New York City month and next week. Just be ready. You have I think six days to watch it. Die Hard with a vengeance will be the next one. And I think that's our 400th episode for the re watchable. We don't celebrate episodes. We celebrate movies getting closer and closer to the 400th movie. Anyway, marathon Man is up. You can watch on The Ringer Movies YouTube channel as well. This is my third podcast of the week. It's mid-June. Lot of stuff going on. You know, Raphael Devs got traded by the Red Sox.


I have Con Con k nipple Coming up later who is going to, looks like gonna be in the top five of the lottery. So wanted to talk to him. There's reasons for that, which we'll get into. And then at the top, Chris Vernon and I were arguing about the Desmond Bain trade for two days and we finally decided to have it on the podcast. We brought in Joe House, who has a pretty amazing golf story to start off. And we talked about the Memphis trade, Orlando, we talked about golf and a really weird US open. We talked about the NBA draft, some of the odds that are happening. And then some of the perceptions of the city of Memphis, which Vernon was very passionate about 'cause that was in the news this week. So a lot Coming up here.


Third podcast of the week. First we'll take a break. And then Pearl Jab.


This episode is presented by State Farm. It's no secret that great teams need great teammates. I've been saying this for years. And when it comes to Insurance State Farm is there to help you find the right coverage for your home car and more. Whether you need an in-person or a digital assist, they're ready when life hits you with a full court press, get a game plan that helps fit your life. Talk to State Farm today. State Farm with the Assist coverage options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state.


Alright, taping this close to dinner time. Chris Bernon is here at Joe House is here and this is the fourth pot of the week. Or it's gonna be, 'cause I had another one Thursday night. But we, we were all arguing on text. We have other guy, there's just too much sports going on. It's like, fuck it, let's just keep doing podcasts. Verna was scolding me about my opinions on the Desmond Bain trade 'cause he is in Memphis. We're making front of house 'cause he passed out on a golf course. What happened to you last week? House? Tell me what happened to you. Lasts Day, I didn't pass out on the golf course. It was the hottest day of the year here in the DMV Washington DC and you add in the humidity and it was a long round, it was a, you know, my, my little club here in the neck of the woods.


And, and we were, were out there and, and I was, you know, enjoying a couple gentleman's beverages as one might with the, with his, with his buddies, with his pals. And came off the golf course. Okay. Was I was tired and then you shower and everything. Drove myself home. No problem. I meet my family for dinner and I sit down and what do I do? Order another sive of course. Gotta everybody in Mexican restaurant. And I'm eating my, my my shrimp taco salad. And the next thing you know, I'm like, oh man, I feel a little lightheaded. I'm not feeling great right now. Takes like, You were gonna have like a stroke or a heart attack? No, no, no, no, no. It was just, it was like a little feel like a fainting spell. Like a little spell. I was having a spell and then I was like, I should get up and try and get some fresh air.


Let me get up outta this chair. And I go like this. I'm on the video, the boys can see it, and I like this. And I'm back down. And then I, I look up and mama's like, bruh, we are calling an ambulance. Don't you move, don't move. 'cause you, you, you close your eyes there for about 10 seconds. And I was like, I'm fine, I'm fine. Let me get up and walk home. Just help me get to the car. I'm fine. Like I, I didn't really lose consciousness. And I, and I was lucid enough to have a conversation and then they brought all the responders. They had to clear the poor people trying to have their burritos on the patio. It was a nice evening when the sunset and they thought this golfer Was dropping dead in the course in The restaurant.


It was fine. It was fine. They hooked me up. But all I needed was the iv. As soon as they put me in the thing, they gave me some iv. It was like, oh, hey, can I go home now? Please. So Veno is this drunk house. Dehydrated house. What version of house is this? Ivy house. So I have, I have so many questions. So wait, is this At the restaurant? This at the restaurant. This was like two hours after I was done playing golf. Is your kid with you? Yeah, that was, he got upset. That Was Tormenting your child. This is, this is, this is trauma. Man. You'd allowed to have a great time on the golf course. I'll say this. I do, I did start taking the medicine that has the effect of reducing either liquid, you know, whatever, a diuretic.


And that de is a natural dehy natural dehydration thing. And I had worked out in the morning and I hadn't really dehydrated from the workout. And then I went to play golf and I didn't really, I would say I did the opposite of hydrate while I was playing golf. Did you get admitted to the hospital? Like were you in? What do You mean by admitted? I mean, I went to the er. You did, you went to the er. How long did it take you to get In? See that nurse? I saw that nurse. Wait, how long? No time I was on a thing. You were in the They they rolled me right in. Yeah, because I was in It. Wow. So it sounds like I need Look one IV here and one Ivy here. Yeah, I had a but that was like, oh, they gave me eight bags. I was there for five hours.


But you, I saw the doc, the doc's like, I was like, what are my restrictions? What should I be worried about? Do you, you can go live your life, son. Go go do your best thing. How about this? Go, don't drink a whole bunch of vodka seltzers out on the golf course without mixing in the water here and there. What did you shoot? I actually played great. I mean, it was like a, it's just such an advertisement. It's like usual severe dehydrates know My, my mid eighties kind of thing, you know, well D Does happy without my ball off the tee. Great T-ball all day long. It does get crazy hot in the DMV not to defend house. It was The humidity and I had not had anything to eat or drink over the course of the day. I'm a big dummy, what can I say?


It was really that medication that I didn't I understand the impact of it. Wow. He's like, look, It's a new deal. This is now PSA, so electrolytes. I need electrolytes. Oh hey. Yeah. PSA bill. Don't mix pills and alcohol like we all needed that PSA No, the, the pills were Already part Of the program. I didn't mix it. I just didn't understand the impact of it. I, it was, I only been taking them for a couple months. It sounds like I need to get rid of Parent corner and just add old corner Old man corner. Yeah. They were not boner pills for the record. Not that I'm against those. I'm just telling you that's not the pill that caused a problem. Oh man. That was that. In this instance, Hey, when, when you come out here at the end of August, let's just get colonoscopies together.


Let's really, let's, let's go, let's go full tail. Let's embrace our On this. I'll get another all, I'm happy to get as many as you want. I if you haven't got yours yet, we'll do it. I'm happy. Well, veno Verna had his version of a colonoscopy in the form of, they trained me the third best player of The Grizzlies for four picks and a swap. Yeah. Which he's now defending as like the greatest. This is like the new version of the Paul George Kawai trade. You're just on every Ringer podcast. No, I did not do that. What I did do was defend that. This is, if, if any other team makes this trade, everybody loves this trade. That's the way this goes. Right? If you get that kind of value for a non Allstar player, everybody loves this trade.


Especially one, by the way, a non Allstar player that's on a full on max $200 million contract who has four years left of that. Right? If that's not good enough for your team with what you have, then in, if, if, if I would've told anybody two weeks ago that that, that they are going to trade Desmond Bain and that that's the level of return that they will get from Desmond Bain. Nobody would've believed it. But then when it happens, it's like, wow, this is gonna be great for Orlando. Which I agree. I think it's gonna be great for Orlando, right?


But if you are getting that Phoenix pick next year, you're getting the 16th pick in next Wednesday's draft, the 16th pick, which is not a bad pick. Congratulations. Well, there's a lot of players. Last year's 16th pick was Jared McCain two, three years ago it was opera and Shen goon. So just don't tell me that you can't get a good player with 16. You gotta hit it. You have to hit it. But that's not a bad, that's, that's a good range for the draft to be in next year's Phoenix pick. Who knows what that can be? Well isn't that, that's the, that's the worst one of a Phoenix, Washington swap, right? So it'll be the whatever it be, Phoenix a little worse.


You get that one? It'll Be Phoenix's because Washington's is, I think eight protected, I think it's protected through eight. But, so it'll be, it will be Phoenix's pick. Okay. And who knows where they're going. And then I understand what you're saying about like, well, and they're gonna be good. So those picks won't be good. But all I would tell you is if there's anything we have learned in the NBA, it's that we never ever know. Two years ago The Grizzlies won 56 games, then they won 51, then they had a lottery pick where they took Zack ed last year. No one would've e we never thought we were gonna be having a lottery party ever again. Right. And then it happens, and to wit, this year, this year, the number one pick in the draft is a team we watched a year ago in the NBA finals.


The number three pick in the draft is the Philadelphia 76 ERs who got Paul George last off season. So all I would say is, and, and look, I expect Orlando has got a great young core. I think they should be very good. But all I would tell you is you never know. And those assets are real and you use those assets. If The Grizzlies don't take the assets that they just got from Desmond Bain and then their cap room and everything else they have and don't improve their roster greatly, then it's a failure. Right? But this is, in my opinion, step one of what is going to be an off season where they build out around John Morant and Jerry Jackson Jr.


Now, if you wanna argue that that's a stupid thing to do, that's fine. I disagree with that. I think it's a smart thing to do because you've put those guys with a myriad of different lineups in the past and every time they've won, every time when they've been healthy, they have won. And In fact, they were two games separated from being the three seed this year. So what if Memphis would've been the three seed this year, then what then would people be talking about possibly, oh, is this blowing it up? Oh, they shouldn't build around these guys. Oh, like two games. And by the way, from February 15th on the season went to absolute hell.


And they fired their coach. Yeah. Right. True. So, I mean, I would just say, and and the other thing is Desmond Bain has gotten more love in, It lasts three days than Desmond Bain has gotten in five years. Five years. He's, I've been, I've been watching him every night rooting for him every night. I love Desmond Bain. But people have talked about Desmond Bain more in a loving and glowing way since he got traded from Memphis than they ever did when he was playing in Memphis. And the reason I attacked you is because you and Ryan were having your little Memphis hatred party. Oh yeah. That You guys have hate Memphis. Yeah.


And I like this. Well, He hates, he hate, he he You don't like Jaren. He doesn't like Ja. And Desmond Bain suddenly became a guy, you said, I was just at the NBA finals and I watched Desmond or I watched those games and Desmond Bain's the kind of guy that could play 35 minutes in that game. I Stand by it. We played Oak Oklahoma City. Yeah, we played them like that happened. Yeah, we did play them. And he was 20 for 72 and two and seven for 32 from three and couldn't dribble against any of them. Yeah. So we played that team, the team that's like the, the mountain, like the one that you have to climb in.


Yeah. As we think in the Western conference. Like we played them and he was, I mean he, he was pitiful, Pitiful. He passed out in a Mexican restaurant like house. He passed Out in a Mexican restaurant. He needed An iv. Well I, I would just remind you that Jaron Jackson was also horrendous in that series. It shot 37% at 20 rebounds total in four games. So if we're gonna, I, I think everybody looks bad against OKC. That's not somehow to judge my personnel moves house. What was your take when you heard about the trade? I loved it for Orlando, obviously. And I think that is the main reason for why the glow up of Bain is, is occurring. It's like in this context where it's like, oh wow, that's a perfect fit for Orlando.


This guy's gonna fit in seamlessly. And you know, it, it's all the positive aspects of, of Bain. And so I think Beno, that's, that's the love that that that you're seeing. It's like put him in that context. Okay, we get it. One of the pope spot, one of those dreadful Fox shows in the morning and they had a guy on there and he's like, oh Bain, it's a perfect three and D guy. And now this gives Orlando one of the best defensive back court. And I'm like, what? It's like saying you added CJ McCollum and you, right? Like that was the Memphis problem, right? Is that you had, you basically had the new age version of Lillard and McCall where you have two diminutive guards.


Yeah, sure. Both outstanding players, right? But it's really hard to build like to, unless you are, and, and especially when they all start getting paid. Like every team's gonna go through this where it's like, where it's time to pay up for the guys. And it's like, man, those three have to be good enough or else. 'cause you're not gonna have good enough players on the rest of the roster. Like you have to hit everything. Right? Well, Orlando has four. Not the rest of the roster. That's why House likes it. But I like it for Memphis because yes, it creates a flexibility to do Triple J in a long term kind of deal. And Oh, let's lock him down. I I'm a Triple J fan. Well, you never Also, You didn't rebound when you played pickup.


He also also Bill, he is he, he he's been a defensive player of the year. But also thank you to you. I didn't that for him. No, thank you to you and all of your voting brethren. You just enabled Memphis to be able to really build out a roster Around these didn't get go NBA. It's $200 million difference. Literally 200 million is, That's amazing. That's amazing. That's, he Would've been eligible for a five year, $345 million contract. Wow. If he would've made third team all NBAI think he missed it by one vote. So thank you to you, come on.


Thank you to you. Is that true? See, this is like win this. I don't wanna know any of this. I know on voting, I don't wanna know like what the ramifications are. I don't want that power. He, he now, like they can renegotiate this next year. He is on the books for 23. They can renegotiate that year, but now, instead of his eligible extension now becomes four years, 147 million instead of five years. 345, 5 million. That's a pretty big Difference. Big difference. That's a pretty big Difference. And so obviously, obviously, But you, if I'm paying him four years, 1 47, I feel great about that. If I'm paying him five years, 300, I don't feel great about that at all house.


That's a good deal. And I, here, here's the aspect of it that I like for, for Memphis, Jalen Wells is a dude. And what Desmond Bain moving on means is we're gonna see a lot of Jalen Wells. Like I, I think his come up is going to like the replacement level that he's gonna be able to to, to put on the table. And they are guaranteed a lottery pick. So it's a trade in my estimation, where you are freeing up Jalen Wealth to become the player that he can become. And you have a guaranteed lottery pick all those other picks that's like currency for more deals. That Kleinman's gonna be wheeling the deal dealing as as he as he does. But really here's why the trade makes sense for Memphis Lottery pick next year. Jalen Wells, all, all, you know, with a more prominent role.


That's why it makes sense to me. Well they Also are gonna go get that wing, you know, that, that has been their search, right? They tried to get OG and Enobi, they tried to get Mikel bridges, they tried to get last year, they literally were at the finish line with Dorian Finn Smith who would've been amazing for their team. Oh wow. And of course Brooklyn Leaks the trade, which was Canard and Char and a pick and then gets a better deal from the Lakers. Right? So they leaked out the trade that was already set, that that was ready to go down and then canvased the area and got what they thought was a better deal from the Lakers.


Okay. So if we're following this right, whether it was Mikel Bridges, whether it was OG n Nobie, they obviously, you know, kicked the tires on Jimmy Butler and Jimmy Butler went to literally anybody that had an opportunity to say, I don't want to go to Memphis and said that on air, whether it was Mark Spears, whether it was on or on, right? They kicked the tires on Durant. Right? And, and, and that couldn't happen last year. Like they made an offer for Durant. So you know that they look at it and they go, we have John Morant, we have Jared Jackson Jr. We need a wing player to go along with those guys. Can they Trade back for Desmond Bain? Right. Stop.


They need a wing like Desmond Bain, it sounds like They got a six five guy who's a 40% three point shooter, 20 a game, and five assist a game. Okay, well if we still had Desmond Bain, you'd, you'd have the under for The Grizzlies next year. So you didn't think it was good enough. You know What, because the best, it was good enough don't plays 40 to 50 games a year. That's why I would have the under your best guy doesn't play. He, I mean he played 50 this past year. And then do Do you wanna go through his games Year? I got It. Lasts 2 57 2020 360 1. 2024 nine 2025 50. Well, hey, hold on. The best guy doesn't play. No, no.


61 would've been a lot more if he wouldn't have gotten suspended for No, I'm just saying he's never Played. I mean that Wasn't house. He's never played 68 games in a season. He is been in the league six fucking years. Yeah, like at some point you are who you are. But when he does this is what I would argue. When he does, he's absolutely awesome and they win. This is not Lalo, this is is not Zion. This is not other guys that get thrown in that same mix. When he plays, they win at an extremely high rate, counter and counter. He performs at an insanely high level. Alright, Would you, how are you worried about either of these numbers?


Three point shoot in, It lasts three years for him. 30.7, 27.5, 30.9 free throw attempts by year. 8.1, 7.1 6.4. So I have somebody getting less to the line who still can't shoot threes, who any good defense knows that he's just gonna go flying into the rim and do the thing where he jumps in the air and double crutches. Like, I just haven't seen him improve as an offensive player. Now I, I understand the success rate thing, but if you're telling me you're building around a star scorer who doesn't play all the time and a star big man who does a rebound, I just don't know what your ceiling is, how you're, then you'd The, you'd be the time maker.


They then how are they? Good. Just tell me how are they good? I don know. How were they Good. You tell me you were there. No, they were four Games 34 last year. So how they don't have any good players. They don't have anybody that anybody likes except that's Bain who just got traded. Evidently everybody loves Desmond Payne Now it is Crazy. Verna, the reason that they were good is because they ran a great offense. They are a a, a tremendous three point shooting team with a bunch of guys that nobody's heard of and It's good depth too. At, at, at, at every position. They don't really have good depth. But Ta But You bring in Scotty Pippin and Canard and Char got it. Everything. They started two, they started two rookies last Year.


They, you had depth, But last year they won 48 games. Right? They won 48 games. They, they, John Morant played 50 games. They got literally zero zero less than zero out of Marcus Smart negative return on the smart deal. Right? You got it. That was a bad deal that they paid for. Okay. And they started the 39th pick and the ninth pick in a, by all accounts horrendous draft and somehow won 48 games. So somebody is good is what I'm saying. Somebody's good. You know who else was good? Taylor Jenkins. I think You want him to be the Knicks coach. No, That was a, I I don't, I Don that's another one.


Right? Every time somebody leaves down Veno is kicking them hard in the butt on their way out. That's not true. Jenkins Another love these guys. I love Taylor Jenkins. I love Damond Bain. So why'd You fire him? You just told me you over Achieved guys. Because here's the deal with Taylor Jenkins once, I don't understand what all took place, but like they, they brought in, they brought, they brought in a bunch of like after It lasts season, they brought in a bunch of assistant coaches. They installed this new offense. John Morant hated it. Desmond Bain hated it. Mm. Like it interestingly enough, like it did not accentuate the talents of these guys. So I mean they could have won even more. And then you, the defense went to absolute hell and you never beat anybody.


Good. Right. All of those 48 wins were generally against bad teams under 500 teams or somebody. Best guy was hurt that time to play Them. Yeah. And then, and then your second part of your schedule, right? The second part of the schedule, it got hard and they were losing all the time and they went from the two seed all the way down to the play in Right. Where they're at the eighth seed. And you guys know as well as I do, right? The players aren't gonna get blamed. Right. And now, I mean look, obviously there is, at least they're making a move and they're saying it's not good enough roster wise, right? They, they admit No wait, but this is what, this is where I push back. Okay. And we can let house be the tiebreaker.


I'm good with the Dan Desmond Bain trade. If you keep going now and you just completely blow it up, which is what up you said you don't wanna do blow it up. Trade Jared Jackson next I would For what, what, What are you doing now? Where are you gonna The west, where are you going? Where, what planet am I on? We're blowing it up. Is a smart way to build your basketball team right now. We just got done talking about how the number one pick Cooper Flag's gonna play in Dallas. Yeah. And Dylan Harper is gonna play in San Antonio and Ace Bailey or Conal or whoever is gonna be playing in Philadelphia. Okay. Right. Ask Utah how good it is to blow it up.


Ask New Orleans how good it is to blow it up. Hey, do you think Utah is in a good spot right now? Bill, do You think Memphis is in a good spot right now? They're They were just two games away from the three seed. All right. They're not 20 games away, they're two House. What do you think the finals odds are for Memphis on FanDuel for next year to win the title? Too low To win the title? Yeah. 60 to 1, 65 to 110 to one on FanDuel. Wow. That's disrespectful. That's like we're two minutes away. That's Dis hope we train for Jalen Brown. I really do.


That would just send you into an absolute Tizzy. What's the trade make us an offer? What is it? We'll we might, we might, you never know. Well that's the thing. If you're telling me you're gonna take all these assets plus Gigi Jackson and some of some of these dudes you have that some stealth assets, they will. And you go all in on somebody. Yes. It might make more sense to me, but ha you, you still haven't really weighed in on whether you would wanna build around Ja Morant after what we've seen in It lasts three, four years. Y it's not just Ja though, it's J and Triple J. You, it has to be a package deal. 'cause you're not gonna get 60 games out. Ja. You're just not. And the thing, it better be a point of emphasis. We better see him shoot the three with some improved efficiency this upcoming season.


Having said all of that, like if you sit down and look at The Grizzlies offensive numbers from last year, it's incredible. Yeah. They had the second, they were number two in, in scoring offense. They were in the top three in offensive rebounds. They were in the top 10 or 11 in three points. Like they were, it was a badass offense. And you look at that roster and say, whoa, where was that coming from? Who was, who was doing all of that scoring? Ja only played 50 games. Well it's, it's, it's all these dudes that, that, you know, veno can rattle off that are, that are effective and they had that offense that maybe there was this tension in, in the, in the coaching room between, you know, that the, the scheme and what the players wanted to play, but the proof is in the pudding.


Like they, their, their problem was, was exactly what Veno said. They didn't play any defense from February until the end of the season. No defense whatsoever. So Vern, you think Bain's defense overrated, properly rated underrated? Where is it? I It's, it's not even rated. He's not a, he's not a defensive stall worked. I mean, he's another guy. He, he's much like, like if you're watching these finals, I mean you see what Jayla Williams did to is doing to Knee Smith right now. A guy that we liked, right? Yeah. The guy that looked good as a big time athlete with size and length against like Jayla Brunson. He's in a world of shit right now. Right? He's, I mean they are just finding him constantly.


And so he's not that level of defender. And so again, he's, that's not he is he I Dessa Bain can be, I don't want to go too far on this right, but there's gonna be a world where Steph Curry is no longer in the league. And Desmond Baines right there at the very top of the best shooters in the league list. Wow. That's true. He is a great, like not good, great shooter, great and just what Orlando needed. Yes. It's just throw in. Now they do need some, you know, if they, if they could generate the, the looks for him, you know, he is, I don't want him doing a ton of dribbling.


Right. I want him to be able to play shooting guard and he ran a lot of grizzly's offense last year and Right. You know, he, it's kind of like when you guys would watch Jalen proud, right? The less dribbling the better. Right. Like I don't want, and so I want him playing shooting guard. Right. And IIII don't want him playing point guard. I don't want him handling the ball on at a high level. How's you guys talked about this on Ringer gambling show about the Orlando title Odds for next year, which probably are not the time to do it. You wanna wait for other people in the east to make moves and then do it. And I don't think they're gonna make the finals next year, but I also don't know what the F's gonna happen in the east.


You know, like I had Doc Rivers on last night. If I have Giannis on my team, I don't even care who else is on the team. I'm like, I I have a puncher's chance. Who the fuck knows? Do you think Orlando? What, what, what's left for them to do? How about win a playoff series once? Well that would help. Okay. Because I mean before we talk about finals, Can they do that? But I do think if they hadn't had all the injuries last year, I do think there's a world where they won 50 plus games and would've been an absolute bitch in the playoffs. I don't know if that how many rounds they would've won, but they had the year from hell last year and they, Suggs was a huge part of what they did. I Agree. You know, and They had, and they had every oblique injury in the world and They two those guys both had the same injuries.


Like that was nuts how that played out. So, you know, I think that a healthy version of that team Indiana is like Jesus. They, they're like gonna be walking dead by the end of this finals with the, the amount of playoff games they've played played a hundred plus game season at this pace. So you will say guys are barely gonna make it The reason they were extremely good. Right? They, I heard Zach Lowe saying with Goldsberry that clip that they haven't had a top 20 offense in 13 years. I mean that was the most shocking stat I think I've ever heard in my life. Like how Yeah. How top 20. There's only 30 teams in the league. Right? So they haven't had, so they did it by defense, right?


They were a great like sensational defensive team team and obviously a huge part of that is, and Suggs went out, was Contavious Caldwell Pope, who you've, you've already put in the grave because I heard you, you guys acted like that was a total non-asset. No, listen, you have to face the facts of this. You got four picks in a swap for Bain. One of those picks was to take Cal Caldwell Pope's contract away from Orlando because it was a sunk cost for them. 'cause that's how bad he was. And you can ask any Orlando fan who had to watch them last year, that was like the lightning rod for the whole season was how bad he was. I don if he's gonna be bad again, can We agree it's a horrendous team to be a corner three specialist on like it's a world of difference.


This guy went from winning a title with LeBron to winning a title with Yoic to a team that does creates no open shots for Anybody. Well you could say he was playing with LeBron and Yoic and that's why he looked as good as maybe he did as a role player. And Now you take him away from that and it's Not, and and now he's playing with Ja Morant who generates more corner threes than anybody And more DMPs. No, no, no, No. How dare you put him Up against not Zion is, what's it like to go to work and is that like the first question you ask after you say to everybody, Hey, how are, how are you? Is j is J playing? Is that the second question? It's it is annoying. There's no way around. It Is job playing now. He's playing, he's getting, oh good.


There's gonna come a day where it all comes together and he's healthy. I know it. I know it Well when guys sit there late twenties sometimes happens. We gotta take one break and then we're gonna keep going.


This episode is brought to by LinkedIn during the season every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a hot month or two. You need sustained dominance throughout. While the same is true for your small business, it's not enough to have a great Q2 or even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires. That'll be there for the long haul to find those hires use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is presented by State Farm on the basketball court. The best players know when to pass and off the court. You still need teammates who are there when accounts. That's where State Farm comes in with agents to help you find coverage that's right for you. You can focus on what really matters. Whether that's hitting game winners or just getting through the day like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm. State Farm coverage options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state.


Hey both of you love golf. We Do. The US Open just came and went. Yep. And the most exciting part of it for casual fans like us was when they showed the 2008 US Open with Tiger Woods of Rocked eight. I was fucking Riveted. Okay. Just, I mean the perfect storm, literally bad weather, A really hard course house. You talked about it on Fairway Rowland. And we end up with just an absolute Bizarre carnage. Carnage Just the way it plays out. This is the second most important golf tournament of the year and nobody is, you know, there's just no conversation about it after. I don't know, is this just an aberration or a house?


Is this a bad sign sign for golf? What is this? No, no, no, no, no. This is, you know, it is partly the effect of that golf course, that venue where, you know, it's, it's easy for the USGA, the governing body that's responsible for the US open to set a goal of par of as being the, the outcome. Right. Which is kind of a joy. Yeah, sure. I I don't mind that. Like minus three is gonna be the best score in four days. Basically The, the way the weather kind of interrupted things and the impact of the weather over the course of, of the four days, it did have, you know, they were playing out of the rough, they turned out to be wet rough.


There was water on the golf course for It lasts round. It introduced some uncertainty where some guys were gonna get lucky breaks and some guys were gonna get unlucky breaks. And so that's how you get a leaderboard where folks haven't heard of a lot of the players. And then, you know, we, the whole thing was saved by, It lasts, you know, five holes. 'cause JJ Spawn went out and won the golf tournament. He birdied It lasts two holes and he played the back nine and two under par. He went out and shot. No, he shot three under par on the back nine. He, he went 40 on the front and 32 on the back to win the US open. That's, that's pretty damn good. And he's, he's like your classic kind of grinder guy. So very relatable. All the stories that have come out afterwards.


Awesome dude. I'm sure he's doing a great job on the interview circuit now. But we were deprived of like the, the, the very best guys in the world coming down the stretch in the hunt. And I think that's the, which we had on Thursday when we had all those names and it was like, oh, here we gono reflect. Bruno had an exciting moment with his dad though about Tiger Woods. Yeah. Well first of all, it's all a reflection of who won it. Right? People just don't know JJ s Spa, right? Yeah. This happened a few years ago. I worked that the US Open the year it was at LACC. You remember that? Yeah. Windham Clark. Windham Clark won. And it was like, okay, like everybody was hoping Rory was gonna take it down at the end of that it was right there and it didn't happen.


And so, because Wyndham Clark's not exactly a household name or anything at that time. It was kind of the same kind of deal with this JJ Spawn thing. It's like a cool story but it appeals to the niche golf audience and not some huge audience. That being said, my poor dad, my dad, ugh, this is on Father's Day no less. My dad calls me on Sunday afternoon and I answer the phone and he rarely go, will call. 'cause he, he can't figure out how to use his cell phone and I have to go down and usually it's like, can you come fix my mouse? Can you plug in my HDMI can't. I forgot my spectrum password. Yeah. All that Stuff. I can't change the inputs.


Yeah. What's going on with this thing? Whatever. And so, and my parents lived very close to me and so I said, I said, Hey man, happy Father's Day. And he was like, oh yeah, happy, happy Father's Day to you too. I, I swear to God, I think he had no idea it was Father's Day. Okay. None. Okay. And he's like, Hey, I just, I just had a question. He's like, so I was watching the US Open and like Tiger was about to go to a playoff it looked like. And then like now it's like this guy burned or whatever. He is like, is it the same? And I was like, dad, no. I was like, I was like, dad what you're watching right now, he's like, this is like live right now.


And I was like, yes. And I was like, dad did it never dawn on you at all that you were watching a 30-year-old Tiger Wood. Like how could you have possibly thought you were watching something live? He was so into Tiger Woods versus what? Rocco Media. It was an amazing tournament. Number one, it was at Tory Pines in San Diego. Number two Tiger's like 30 and wearing a sweater vest and Nike stuff and is clearly young Tiger Woods and, no, my dad, I think my dad was disappointed that he was watching Sam Burns at the end of the US Open.


I think he wishes Brenda, You should have told him it was Tiger Woods. And Tiger Woods won the US Open. He probably would found out five days later, Dude, I told this story on my local show and people were sending me all this shit that I should have my dad go back and watch. He's gonna love it. He's gonna wait till he sees the 86 World Series. Like all this shit, you know, you should Show er John Morant plays 35 minutes. Oh come on. Just we're almost enjoy this horse season. How Steve, do you think they, they intentionally don't like put a glaring 2008 US open when they show those because of people like this older audience that might actually think Tiger Woods is contending mean.


It's gotta be intentional. Right? It it, they they definitely knew. They, they had the forecast. They knew that that might be bad weather. They teed up the 2008 US Open. I mean it was some criticism. How did, because I know why it was, why would they show Oakmont like an older version of Oakmont or Something? Why Wouldn they do that? Why would they couldn't show 2016? Because they fucked up the ruling with, with Dustin Johnson and penalize them a stroke and, and and the broadcast, the guys on the broadcast where critic criticizing the USGA so they weren't gonna put that one on, but they could have put 2007 on. 'cause that was Phil and Tiger both chasing after an Angel Cabrera. Now an Angel Cabrera, maybe not the most pathetic character Might Be your answer.


Maybe not that, maybe not. But 2008 tiger. I mean that, that thing shows you what a US open is supposed to look like and feel like. I mean the crowd is sitting on top of the green. That's part of the problem with Oakmont. The people were not like close enough. It wasn't the your giant roars that that tiger thing people were losing their fucking minds over there. Really that Thing. I mean, But also they did clear it out. They cleared it out the lightning and the rain and whatever. So I mean, but Not over the four days. We didn't have any, any, I mean Now you Make me think though, watching Tiger and just so being so nostalgic for those 12 years when from 97 to oh eight basically, and then, you know, like in basketball where we have, we have to have the stupid face of the week conversation all the time now.


And it's just like these people are comets that pass through, right? Yeah. In It lasts 30 years in the NBAI thought Magic's point about if you could sell out the other team stadium, that's usually a good sign of whether you're at the right level. Tiger could sell out any golf course. MJ could sell out any stadium. Kobe and Shaq together could sell out any stadium Kobe by himself in the late two thousands. LeBron on Miami and Cleveland the second time he was there. And then Curry when he showed up at 14. And guess what? We haven't had anybody since and it's okay. I would tell you right now, and I I'm actually a relatively good person to probably talk about this as somebody who goes to every single home game in a small market.


Yeah. So Curry and LeBron are the only two. They're the only two. That's true. That's It. If you go to those games, you will see that's see thousands of curry jerseys and thousands of LeBron jerseys in any city in the country. But it's not an argument. The only way it changes, that's it Is somebody would've to win like three, four straight titles in a row. And even then I don I don't know if it's gonna happen, but you but one pajamas you're right is the next guy who I think could potentially sell out stadiums if he just is like, you know, he's averaging 25, 15 8 blocks a game. Like at stuff we've never seen. But where the Curry thing was such a phenomenon.


Like I don dunno, but the Tiger thing made me think of that because as much as the shambles been fun, right? Sheer is at the highest level of just being competitive in every tournament has been in a while. Brooks Kepco was fun. People love Rory, but the Tiger thing was just different. And it's just the reality of the situation. I mean house, we were there for the masters. People love Rory. That Tiger, No The Tiger thing went to a whole other level and you could feel it in the oh eight open. It was just, I thought it was really interesting to rewatch That to every indi individual sports have to have dominant characters that have unbelievable charisma. Right? Right. Or else because we get, because otherwise like Scotty Scheffler, like we know, you know, whether it was, you know, even Joker now in tennis or it was Pete Samus in tennis right.


Or Tim Duncan in the two thousands. Another one. Yeah, it's Tim Duncan, right? Like you but the individual or like in boxing where it was Tyson whatever, who you, same kind of thing with as a comet where it's like these individual sports are even more in need of that guy. Not only, not only do you have to be awesome, you also have to have like this charisma about you and that's what gets everybody like all Involved. Yeah. That Even Us When you see, see it Ussein Bolt. Right. If Ussein Bolt wasn't doing the bye-bye and waving everything, but all of a sudden people started caring about sprinting. Like, Well that's the thing. I was at the 2012 London Olympics.


Yeah. And there was a lot of, I mean Phelps was still there. We had Oh big time. The Olympic team had all those dudes on it and Usain Bolt was the ticket to get outta anything. Yeah. It was like, are you gonna be there for the hundred? That was it. Everybody wanted to be in there to watch that dude run I house. I think it's, and you and I have known each other forever. It's a, it's a know it. When you see it standpoint. It's weird. Like there's, there's people like Aaron Judge that aren't quite there, but have a lot of, he's getting closer. He's getting, it feels like he's creeping closer to it. But Yeah, I I tell you this two years ago took, But Jo has it no question. I'll say this. Two years ago I took my family, my daughter was like studying the Statue of Liberty and stuff.


So she wanted to go up to New York. We went to New York and then we went over to the Yankees game. I swear to even then, and this is before that season, I'd say 75% of that crowd had 99 judge or 99 judge shirt jerseys on. I never seen a stadium where everybody, like, you'd see a random, like old school Jeter, you'd see a random, but like the whole crowd everywhere you went. And I got it. It's a cool name and number, right? Yeah. And, but that was, that one really took me aback where I was like, 'cause I went with Jacoby earlier this year to the Knicks games. And they don't wear, they don't wear gear Nick.


Like, there's not gear in The crowd. It's all the No, there's retro stuff. It's, it's all over the place. But, but there's not, like you, you, you would expect Brunson stuff to be everywhere and it's just not. And and most those Not the saddest is the Wizards games. It's The jersey scene at the Wizards Games house. Are you, Are you locked in? Who's, Who's on the other team? That's Sue. That's, I mean, it was packed for LeBron. It was awesome when the Lakers came. I mean the game was over within the first half. But what number Do you, what number do you have in the draft next week? House six. Oh, let's talk, let's talk quick draft Devil's Number House Has six. Give us your, 'cause we have con Kniple coming later in the podcast. Give us your preference at six.


So, because Who are you praying Drops to six. Yeah, Go ahead. You know it's, oh no, no, I'm sorry I didn't, go ahead. No, what were you gonna Say? I was just gonna say I didn't, I'm having to like crash course this draft because Memphis traded their pick. Right? You didn't think you to wear that? Oh yeah. You weren't expecting To get No, to get off of Marcus Smart. So we didn't have a pick until two days ago. I'm like, oh shit, I gotta go, I gotta go watch everybody. Go ahead house. Who you open For? I want the center from Duke. Come on. Malach or Malach, I don know how you say it. The big giant seven two guy who can be a rim protector. He is 18 years old, which puts him exactly right on the same timeline.


I know that, that Rosc don't like to hear about timelines, but he's in that same age range you put him with, with sar, KB, you know, the, the two other guys, bub Carrington, George, the, the, this this young Washington team, all these these young guys. And right now the thing that that is missing more than anything else is a defensive stalwart. And what we saw in terms of his ability to, to protect the rim and the, the rebounding, I think he would be Fit. And he fits in with sar too, right? Does because SAR is almost like, like a stretch. Sar prefers to Be stretch four slash five. He prefers to be out at the perimeter And he could defend on the perimeter.


You guys are gonna love this. So I was going through all the names from the first round. Yeah. And I was like, all right, now I got a crash course on all of this. And I got down to one of the names randomly and it like jogged my memory for some reason. So about three weeks ago, I'm in Target and I'm buy, I always go to Target and I, when my kids go and I buy basketball cards, right? I go and buy the box of basketball cards. So this guy's standing there, the guy comes up to me, he's like, Hey. And he recognizes me and he's like, starts talking about The Grizzlies and he's like, what, what cars are you buying? And I said, well I was just gonna buy those, whatever. And he's like, get those Bowman Chromes. He's like, they've got the Cooper flag in it. If you get the autograph, they're selling for like a thousand dollars.


I was like, well then I guess I'm buying those, right? So I go to buy those. I'm like, I'm gonna try to get the Cooper flag. He's like, and again, I don't know this person. And the guy goes to me, he goes, yeah. He's like, you know, everybody's chasing the Cooper flag and is trying to get the autographs and everything. He's like, I'm gonna tell you something. The best player out of this entire draft is gonna be Cedric Coward. And I was like, What? Okay. I was like, what? I didn't even know who the hell he is talking about. And he is like, I'm telling you, just remember that a guy in Target told you this. And I was like, okay. So now I was going through it the other night and I was like, holy shit, that's the guy that They opened calls to 16.


Now some random guy in Target told me that that's gonna be the superstar. That's the guy. I mean, think about how many drafts were somebody in the 12 to 20 range suddenly became the best guy in the draft. You know, I was looking at the, the, the FanDuel odds for this because obviously Harper's going to Flags going one. And when I was in Indiana last week, Edgecomb the Bler at the electric Baylor Guard, he was minus 1 25 and now he's minus 1 65 Because of that ESPN story today about Ace Bailey not really working out with anybody. Yeah. What's the deal there? What is going on?


I think is this, are we getting Tar Easton ding all over again? Or we getting No, for Bailey, I feel like he's trying to maneuver his way to a team. So I had this happen one time, years and years ago. Memphis had the, I wanna say it was the fourth pick in the, I think it was the Conley Drive. I can't remember now. Yeah. But oh seven, Oh no, no, it was before that. But anyways, the top two pick, or the top pick that year was Houston. So it was the Al M draft. Okay. Okay. So that the top pick was Houston. And there was guys that like Amari Meyer only worked out for Houston and Phoenix.


And so then when everybody was pit the, I think that was the year Memphis took Drew Gooden fourth. Yeah. Okay. So of course this becomes a huge topic here. What the f we're supposed to have the whatever, like the, the genius Jerry West, he's running the team. How the hell And Jerry West came out and said, look, this guy worked out for Houston and this guy worked out. He went to 50 different high schools. We never even could find him. You know what I mean? And it was like he was excusing not taking Amari Meyer. But it's funny, as you say, there have been guys that have done that in the past. I went to a, the year they took Kash, the beat, I went to all of the workouts.


Mm. And I thought James Harden was awful. And it turns out he was just dogging the workout. He just dogged it. They, that's back in those days, right. This was very common where You would see guys, that's what they always said about Lamella, balder and COVID. Right. Dogging The Warriors interview because he wanted to go to Charlotte, was always the story. Well, and that's kind of been the thing with the Shadu, right? Where people said, right. He was trying to direct himself somewhere, but it backed. Well, that's why I wonder. So Brooklyn has the eighth pick and I wonder if Ace Bailey's dreaming about being on Brooklyn with the eighth pick. 'cause he is not working out for anybody. Interesting. But with the FanDuel ads, K Nipple is the favorite to go fourth at plus two 30.


Trey Johnson is the favorite to go fifth to Utah plus one 90. And then for Houses Wizards with the six pick, ACE Bailey the favorite of plus three 20. Oh wow. And, and your Duke center is plus four 70. I'll just say this, as somebody who's known house since 1988, the Wizards drafting an unhappy Ace Bailey would give me life. Not it's a new Day. The text all summer would be him sitting out summer league and not want and house just getting madder and madder about, it's as he gets dehydrated on another golf course. Like that's where, that's where I want my summer to go.


Do you know, I'm worried we, we cut Johnny Davis here. Lie house has to go back to the hospital now. God damnit Johnny part. Sorry. That was, that was Tommy Shepherd's parting fucking gift. My issue with Ace Bailey is what if he is an 18-year-old Jordan pool? I mean, I just can't take it. I can't, I you know, you're going have to get another eight ivy bags For me. I'll say I did, I did some deep dive draft stuff. Yeah, there's some really interesting defensive stuff with him. Like in a good way. Okay. He's like a chase down block guy. Tell me there's A whole, okay, okay. If you watch those deep dive YouTube clips where they break down all the parts, they have a whole like chase down block section.


And in general, like he's, I was kind of shocked how, what, what kind of a rim protector he was. And then how about that? His offensive game is very, I gotta say very similar to Joe House. Oh wow. Joe House and his prime catch a lot of like, just catch a shoot, two dribble catch and shoot a lot of foul, a lot of foul line. 18 footer stuff. Get The nail spin. Get it Up. Yeah. He rebounds a little. He doesn't pass. He's a black hole. I Like to pass. No, no. I'm saying for him he's a, that was the one difference. 'cause you were a good passer. But, but yeah. I wonder if he's trying to get to Brooklyn. Did you say you have K Nipple on your podcast? He's Coming up later. Yeah, he was great.


Hey, Now you all in This podcast in, Are you All in? I'm in. I, I didn't expect it. Oh, you're, this was reminded me of, I always, I liked him and at Duke, but there's been a couple times where I've liked somebody and then you, it's like liking an indie band that then becomes famous. Like Yeah, I thought he would be like in the 13 to 17 range. 'cause these guys always get discounted and then as it gets closer to the draft now he is like in the top five. It's, but I, it's very similar to Westbrook. Remember we loved Westbrook at UCLA that year. It was like, whoa, what a glue guy this guy is. He's fucking tries. And then all of a sudden he was the fourth pick, you know? So I think with Knippel, like he just brings all this stuff to the table that every team wants shooting, knows where to go.


Defense, They told they to, I had a, I had a GM tell me that the year that that the Westbrook year that they were at one of those like workout, maybe it was in Chicago or somewhere like that, but that Rose and Westbrook were like, like one and two in the line. And that everything Rose was doing, Westbrook was doing. And all the GMs were just like, oh my God, like this happening. He's as athletic as the other guy. Like, what, what is going on here? So it just sick. But it does like this one. Like this is a, this is a heater. This guy can nipple is on where it's like, I looked at those, what Sam Sini, I looked at his, he's got like the magnum opus draft guy that he put out today.


It's like 60,000 words. It really is. And I think he's got ple like three or something. Like it took at the very top, like there's a bunch of These, you know, Silla loves him that at the very top, Priscilla's usually a tough grader, right? Everybody likes him. He does all the right stuff. You, You need certainty in those first five picks. You can't have, you know, it can't be a gamble. 'cause if you gamble and lose, you're so fucked. That's the problem with, you know, you know the wild card house. I lived through it. Like if you took this guy six, I wouldn't, I don't know, but fears the point guard who's reclassified. So he's a year young and he's just like, you know, you almost have to think you, you're getting, I don dunno what you're getting.


Yeah. But the ceiling of it, I don't even know. I feel like Utah's gonna take him. He feels that could be another Utah possibility, but just like crazy, crazy point guard skills. But he is like a baby, you know? He's, so you're buying in, you're basically, you're on like a three year plan with him Trying to Yeah. It feels like he's a little lower in these recent march. He's in, he's in the six to nine range probably. Yeah. See I have seven. He's he's leading the OS board at seven right now. Yeah, I bet. He goes, I bet he goes high as well. And then that Derrick queen who everybody has in the 12 to 14 range. Yeah. Somebody will take him sooner than that. That's just like, somebody won't be able to resist, You know, it's either go and, and he's either gonna be a guy that like, is like awesome, like Boogie cousins.


Yeah. Or he is gonna be a joke Or you're gonna be like, oh my God, it It's gonna be a joke. Yeah. Yes. I don't wanna, I'm, he's from the dmv, he's from University of Maryland. I grew up rooting. He's from Baltimore. I grew up rooting for Maryland. So this, this, the crab five, the run that they just went on in the NCAA tournament was awesome. And the shot that he knocked down for them to get to, to, you know Yeah. Move along. I'm worried about his defense. I'm worried about his ability to play professional NBA level Defense. But that's the thing. Whatever team he goes to, he's like team dependent for me. Yes. If he goes to the wrong team, yes. I would be really worried about him. Yes, I agree. Do have a, You have a lower guy protect, do you have a lower guy you fallen in love with Bill?


I have a late second round guy that I like. Oh, late second. I always look at the, it's funny, I always look at the counting stats because sometimes I think we discount that somebody's just putting up stats, right? So the guy who led the league in a, the who led college in assist last year was Mhar his brother. Mm. Oh, He's at Gonzaga's five 11. He's tough. It's tough to make it at five 11. So he Is five 11 at 10 assist a game. And then if you de the first of all the, the YouTube stuff with him is really good. But if you go and like talk about like the, the quotes from teammates and coaches like Mark fhe, like he's just like effusively praising him.


I just feel like he's one of those guys where like three years from now he's gonna be on somebody's team in the, in like the Eastern Conference finals. He'd be like, wow, that is the 57th pick. How did, so he is like my steal sleeper. I haven't done enough. I'm that's so I'm gonna do all weekend much to my wife. Chagrin is study the rest of these dudes. Well I tell you this Now you look at these guys that are like, even when as we're watching the NBA finals and it's like, I mean this Oklahoma City team who's Now, you know, game away from being able to win the title, they're, it's crazy. Their fourth leading scorer, their fourth leading scorer on the whole team was the 55th pick in the draft in Aaron Wickens.


Right. He was their fourth leading score this year. And it's like, damn man. Like, you know, how many years ago could we have talked about this And like, you didn't get any, like you never got like there was like the random manu that was the draft and stash and there was like, but like you, part of the Problem Is second, second round picks and undrafted are like hitting and being awesome for teams that are winning. Like the conferences now. Like even the Mhar brother, right? Yeah. Not, it's not, it's not a high pick. TJ McConnell like Aaron Lincolns, Alex Caruso. Like there's a bunch of second round and undrafted guys that are having like major rotation impact.


It's crazy. I would've bet. And this, this tells you how I've been doing gambling wise. Although I did finally hit a nice one with Oklahoma City last night. I would've bet $500 that Bill Simmons said his deep, his his second round guy was Walter Clayton Jr. The Florida kid. No, Because he's gonna be end of the first round. Oh He is. He's pushing some stuff all the way up to Oh yeah. To potential first round. Listen. Oh, I would've, if the Celtics took him at 28, I'd be delighted. I'd have to look down at this. I understand. No, I would've thought it would be like, well no, I can't even, well You got, did you, who got the 23rd pick? Who did Indiana trade that 23rd pick to, was that Memphis or New Orleans? No, No New Orleans. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's right around the range where he, I could see him going a couple spots too high.


I I liked that dude though. You liked him too, right? House. I loved him. Are you kidding me? The stones on that kid. His comfort. This Draft's good. Like all kidding. Inside, Outside. Yeah, yeah, yeah. All kidding aside, like the 16th pick in this draft might actually be somebody good. So at least you'll be down the road to maybe replacing the best under 30 shooter in the league. I'll tell you this, I'm looking down like right where you were talking about like that Mhar or Ryan Emhart. He's like, I think on this ESPN mock I just pulled up, he's like 58. But I mean like you're at the end the, of that draft. It's like senior, senior, senior, senior, senior, senior. And I Yeah, you you super senior.


Super senior. Senior, senior. Super senior, senior. Like, because these guys all got to go to school extra and They got NIL and they stuck around And they're switching teams. Yeah. I think this could be more like immediate impact from the second round than maybe you've ever seen before. Like I had somebody tell me last week that one of the reasons, 'cause I, I'd never understand why everybody's trying to get all these second round picks and hoarding them and all. And one of the reasons they said was because college is so fucked up now it's, and these guys, it's are never on the same team for more than one or two years or they had extra eligibility and you know, they just, it's just easier to get lucky with somebody who was in the wrong situation or they transferred to a new school and it didn't work out and their stock dropped and Well and then you Yeah.


It's held against you because these guys are actually 24 years old. Right. Like they're not what your normal, but it also makes them much more able to be able to contribute immediately. Right. In the NBA. Right. They Used to a new chaotic situation 'cause they've transferred three times. Well This happened twice with The Grizzlies. Desmond Bain, as we wrap this back up, Desmond Bain, it was ageist like people that was held against him that he was older and Brandon Clark as well. Another guy who was great at Gonzaga but had gone to a small school prior to that. Yeah. And it's like, geez, like the answer to a lot of this is many times the guy that you, you, they say they draft a 19-year-old and they say Yeah but what is he gonna look like when he's 23?


And then the answer is typically not as good as Desmond Bain ever. Right. Like, he's probably not gonna be that Good. That was the Celtics logic with Shiman when they took him last year. Oh yeah. Baylor's Ironman. He's like 24. He's been a couple colleges bounced around house. Thanks for joining us on late notice and try not to pass on on a golf course. Do you have any early NFL futures you wanna throw at us before we go? Anything you were excited about? Oh, don't even talk to me. Don't. No, no. Why? I like the for Cowboy. I don't hear anything you have to say Over for the Cowboys. I like the Cowboys. I liked the Cowboys this year. I think they're decent. But my favorite are we act I'm spend A are we gonna act like me? And you did not collectively lose a fortune together.


That was different. We not doing that last year. College a bunch. C South might been a mistake, had Houston. Houston was good. I Houston To win that. We we bet on Aaron Rogers and the Jets. You did. That was a mistake. That turned out to be a mistake. It was A mistake. I like, listen, I was there too. That was my biggest regret from all the futures last year, believing in Rogers and the Jets. And guess what? I'm not following it for it this year on the Steelers. You're not rope me in. You don't have to be. No thank you. Yeah. The Steelers, you can just stay away Houston to win the Sea South is my favorite. And I love the Rams this year I have all the Rams futures. So I did that when I was in Indiana last week. I did, I jumped on Houston to win the south was still, I think plus one 10.


It Was near even money. So anything plus or even money. I'm, I'm like, let me put And the sheets were still near even money. It's like I I that's just like, you know, buying a, just buying a money bond. Am I crazy or wasn't There some the she's not gonna win the division. Am I crazy? Wasn't there some story about how CJ Stroud like hasn't been able to throw a football in months or so? Like That'll Be fine. He'll be fine. Yeah, They were, they were Those stories Ger injuries are always fine. No, it's fine. It's, it's, yeah, I didn't, I didn't see that story. Trying to get outta that back. Isn't That a thing, isn't it CJ Stroud's shoulder, isn't that a thing? Well the south, like the hunter trade was, seems like it might end up working a bizarre.


The cold Danny Dimes is already the qb and then Tennessee. Like how is Houston night if they don't win the division? That's embarrassing. Anyway. All right guys. Good times. Bernard, thanks for popping on. Say hi to everyone in Memphis. Don't I like Memphis? Thank you. As a city we needed That. Needed that Need. Like some of the stuff that was out there this week that wasn't nice. We needed it. What do you mean? Is that the stuff that Was out there this week? What was the stuff about superstars don't feel safe in Memphis That Or whatever the fuck that was. That's Stephen a what was that though? Where did that come from? It was it, dude, many times, and I'm glad you guys don't feel this way, but many times national media members, especially from big markets, feel like small markets are always in service of the big markets.


And so they're never delightful in their conversations about any of the small market teams that being set aside, what Stephen A. Smith did was so damaging and irresponsible. Like we fight uphill in Memphis against the perception of, right. And all I'll say is, you guys know I have been here for 25 years. There has never been a player that I know of that has ever asked for a trade outside of PGAs SA when the team was gonna go into tank mode, right? And they did right by him and they sent him to Los Angeles, right?


There has never been a player, as far as I know, that has not resigned once they have played in Memphis, if everything was even, there's nobody that's walked off and has gone somewhere else, right? So when you have, it's not like it's been a franchise for five years when you've been a franchise for 25 years and you have all kinds of players that still, Tony Allen lives here, Zach Randolph lives here, Mike Miller lives here, Tayshaun Prince lives here. There's a lot of people that have still made Memphis their home. There's been all manner of NBA players come through Memphis over the years. Never once have I heard of them being the victim of some kind of violence. And for, to me, what made me so angry about that whole thing was yes, Memphis has problems.


Okay? And Memphis has the crime. Statistics are the crime statistics, right? But these guys are not like the idea that you are saying, oh, well Memphis, you know, players don't wanna go to Memphis because, because it's dangerous. Right? That's what he said. Right? Have you ever heard that said about any other city, any other sports market, any other team ever? Has that ever been a thing? Did anybody say, eh, you know what, Caleb Williams might not want to go to the Bears.


You know, They got a lot of crime in Chicago or Cade Cunningham, I don't know if he wants to play in Detroit. You know, They got a lot of cr like to bring that up. Like, and nothing happened, right? Nothing happened. And so the conversation was about should they just trade Ja Moran? And then it turned into, look, Jimmy Butler didn't want to go to Memphis because Jimmy Butler and others have told me that Memphis is dangerous. Well, like there's 25 years of sample size of NBA players loving playing in Memphis, right? They've never left. And it's not just been hardened. Guys like the Tony Allens and the Zebo, Mike Conley was here for an awful long time and his names in the rafters.


And Marcus SA was raised in Spain and after he was, went to high school in Memphis and then played his entire career until he went to Toronto and and LA at the very end, right? Like, so if it, if players don't want to be there, then why do they always resign? Why do they never want to be traded? Why do they end up loving it and swearing by it? You know, any city, it's, and look, you guys know as, and even when I first took the job with you, bill, I mean, if I'd have said, Hey, yeah, I'll move to California, right? Like I, I've always wanted to be here. I was told years ago, in order to have anybody care about what you were doing, you gotta go to a bigger market, right?


And I think there's a lot of people in the media that still feel that way and they still feel that way about sports. And so they will do anything to make sure, like they just want Jaren Jackson, somebody on, on a team that's on tv, John Morant somewhere else, whatever. But to go out of your way to say, players don't wanna go there because it's dangerous to me is so far over the line. Because unless you want to tell like how has that never been said about anywhere? Washington DC's got a got crime, Chicago's got crime, Detroit's got crime, LA's got crime. Like all these places have crime.


I hate to tell you this. Not only are these players insulated from them, if you talk to players, they are so much more beloved in small markets than they are in big markets because it matters more to Yeah. And they're a lot more involved in the community and they're reaching out and touching people and everybody, it's like all for one. One for all. And people are out in the grocery store. They treat these guys like kings, they treat 'em like kings, not like Targets. What? Yeah. myNO, you know this, I love Memphis. I've, I've been down in Memphis twice in five years. He's Sell a house on Memphis. Yeah. 2019 then again to come on the show with you guys. That's that live show we did. That's right.


And I Mean, I gotta spend probably like five, six days there for the eastern, the western finals that time. Yep. I loved it. I power walked everywhere at the food I'm probably put on. I had to power walk 'cause of the food. But no, it's, it's great. It's Super, super, it's super damaging for somebody to go on national TV and say, players don't wanna go there because All right, you made a good case. You know what I Mean? Great Case. Great case. I appreciate hearing the case that was heartfelt. Yeah, that, that was super annoying because look, every city's got its problems. We gotta deal with the problems, right? But come on dude. Like the being a professional athlete in Memphis is a great kick.


That's a great kick. And not to mention you could, I mean you could live in a Bill Simmons size house for nothing. Somebody I took a stray at the end There. Yeah, no, no, I'm just saying No, it's a huge house, right? Like, I mean, we don't have oceans. We don't have oceans. We got a river. Great food though. Great golf, great to see you. Yes. Always take it easy this weekend please. Burnout. I wanna play more golf. Pleasure is always good to see you. Sad everyone in Memphis for us. Alright Fellas, see you.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats. Summer is here and you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days. Deliver with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered a day in the sun. No. A bottle of rum. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You Must be legal drinking age, please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by Region C app for details.


This episode is brought to you by the US Bank's smartly Visa signature card with the US Bank's smartly Visa signature card. You earn an unlimited 2% cash back on every purchase. That's right. You heard me. Every purchase, 2% cash back at restaurants, 2% cash back at the gym. Groceries. Oh yeah, you earn 2% back on that too. New tires, new outfits. New York City getaway all earn 2% cash back noticing a trend. So whether you're splurging on concert tickets, fueling up for your commute or shopping for that perfect birthday gift for the bestie, you'll be earning unlimited 2% cash back on every purchase. Visit us bank.com/smartly card to learn more. The creditor, an issue of this card is US Bank National Association pursue it to a license from Visa USA Inc. Some restrictions may apply.


Alright, my friend Kevin Hitches here, we're taping this two days after the big Raphael Devers Trade that the Boston Red Sox made a trade that we had been talking a bunch about on our little Red Sox text Red that we're on Red Sox Nation divided because nobody trusts the owners or the franchise or whatever they've been doing. It lasts five, six years. We don't trust any of it. And yet I think you and I both feel like the trade co made sense. So they created all this money, but now I don't trust them to do the right things with it. And I don't know how to feel. I I'm, you know, when Mike s sure sent a text, did we just trade devs?


I I was instantly delighted and I knew nothing of the particulars. I was so happy to have a fucking guy who refuses to do the easiest thing in baseball to help his team. I mean, you know, there are so many examples obviously last year when it's like, Hey, we're gonna get Drew Holiday and Christoph's Ingas Now, you know, there aren't gonna be as many shots to go around. And everyone's like, that's fine. That's no, no problem. We wanna win a chip. And, and you know, sports historically, like, you know, Joe thy going out to left tackle for the Chiefs. He had to know he was gonna get his ass handed to him. He's a left guard, you know, but it's like you just do whatever the team needs for the guys in the clubhouse. So we had a player making 10, 20, 30 times as much as the other guys in the clubhouse who's like, I don't wanna move a millimeter outside my comfort zone.


Which he, so he is taking it out on his teammates. Like, obviously we need you to play first base. We have Noah. So guard playing first base, you have to play first base. And he was like, I hate this team so much. I'm willing to punish my teammates. Which by the way is why if you've read the subtext of all of his teammates, fuck off, fuck off has been the subtext of everybody who's commented. Not A lot of people coming out being like, you know, Raffi was a pro, I'm gonna really miss him. Not a Lot of that. Yeah. I mean even, even Poppy obviously saying like, you, you, there's certain things you have to do for the team. So I immediately was like good riddance to that guy. And then when I heard, I mean we were over a barrel.


We're in fourth place. We, we, we have too many players for not enough positions. The fact that I was like, they took on the whole contract and Kyle Harrison might be a number three starter in the majors. Like, I, I just couldn't believe the return we got given the bind we were in. You know? Now I know your feeling is it was a little self-inflicted. But wait, Hold on. A little self-inflicted. So go backwards. This, so this goes to the Big Red Sox incompetence, the franchise piece of this where since They won the title in 2018, they've been all over the map, starting with the Mookie Bet thing, which was basically our version of the Luca Dantes trade in Dallas, where just only it was a slow motion car crash version of it where we were watching it for 18 months going, they're not really gonna let 'em go, right?


And then all of a sudden they trade him for 5 cents a dollar. Devs was the panic extension coming off them, blowing the Xander Bogarts thing a year before not extending him, and then let him go to San Diego for a ton of money, which actually turned out to be pretty good for them. And the Red Sox fans are so mad, they said, and they just gave Des all this money to be their third baseman. And then two years later they signed Alex Bregman to play third base and endeavors was like, I you, I have a 10 year. And so it starts there and it just gets worse and worse. I blame everybody.


There are no good guys in this. I definitely think one of the, one of the calmes hit on it, like communication was not strong. Obviously. I don't know if you watch the studio with Yeah, I Seth Rogan, right? I, but it's like that episode where somebody has to give the bad note to the star. Somebody has to tell, tell the star or the director, is it Ron Howard? Yeah. Someone has to give Ron Howard the note that you're making a mistake. And I feel like this was the baseball version of that, which is like, hey, somebody has to tell Raffi he's a terrible third baseman. Has anybody had that conversation with Raffi yet? Who's told Raffi that he sucks at third? And so, I mean obviously this crazy little Zoom insight that we've all gotten that nobody thinks Breslow could communicate.


So it's like pre The GM of the red. So who people think is a non communicator. The guy literally an Ivy League molecular physicist, not a great communicator. What a shocker. So like He amazingly clicked with John Henry, they just went to a restaurant and just stared at each other awkwardly for two hours. This Is the, this is the perfect storm, right? You know, English is a second language. Dominican third baseman, molecular physicist. Hey, you guys had a good talk about this, right? Well, I don't know if he really knew what I was saying. Like, it's so insane. So, so Raffi is told like, yeah, we we just got a gold glove third baseman, which is obviously gonna help the team.


I don't know why the first base conversation wasn't already happening, I guess because they still believed Casas was the answer there. Although, you know, prior to Casas No, he was, they wouldn't, they, we were talking about all winter they wouldn't shake Casas for a pitcher 'cause they love Casas. But, but gosh, watching the, you know, before he got hurt, he, he certainly did not look like the answer at first base. But you know, e even if you're gonna play Casas against righties, Raffi should just have a first baseman's glove in spring training, right? That just like if once Bregman's there. But I would say this again, so much that's been written and a ton has been written Buster only Tyler Kepner in the New York Times 10,000 texts in our text chain.


All, all invoking Mookie bets. And well, Tyler Kepner is the only one who invoked Babe Ruth. So it's like, okay Babe Ruth Mookie bets Raphael devs, which one doesn't fit in this picture. Like he's not Raffi de not Monkey Bats or Babe Ruth, he's, he is a very good hitter. He's, he's fat and slow and not a good base runner. And he's, and he hits the Yankees well, but even his slugging percentages are not that nuts. Like it's just, you and I both agree that that contract was gonna get really bad, really fast, the panic contract. So now that's somebody else's problem.


And I just, you know, I mean I I'm gonna love all the fly balls to left in San Francisco that are caught on the track. Those are not doubles anymore. Raffi. And, and of course the new wow, You're, you're bitter. This is a, I haven't seen such a bitter side from you in a while. I'm such a team guy that it's like, I mean, and, and again, Kyle Schwarber the ultimate example. Like, I will embarrass myself at first base. I don't, I don't know how to do it. I don't know how to catch a chest high throw. I don't know how to flip underhand to the pitcher. And it, and, and he is like, but if that's what you need, I will go humiliate myself in, in front of a sold out stadium to help the team. Versus Raffi devs is like, I'm butt hurt, I'm not gonna help the team at all.


Well, and now then he does, I mean one of the reasons we're doing this now is he did the Giants Press conference and he is like, I'll play wherever you made the key point. He, he did, there were all these red flags from the moment they started Bregman and they clearly didn't talk to devs and be like, Hey, we're thinking about doing this. If we did this, you'd have to be the dh, but we think this is an amazing opportunity for us. One of the reasons you were talking to Bregman was because they kind of were out of the loop on free agency for the whole winter, right? And then belatedly, all of a sudden Bregman became a possibility that you go to devs if you're thinking of doing this, if he's your franchise guy, which is the amount of money they gave to him, you would think that's your guy. You go to him and you say, Hey, we're thinking about doing this.


You'd have to be the dh, but we really think the team would be awesome. It would help you, your stats are gonna be the best. That's, but they obviously didn't do any of it. And then they just sign this guy and knocked s out of there. And to be fair to him, I do think he felt like I am your franchise third baseman, even though I'm an awful defender and even though I'm, by the time I'm 33, I will be just be like in wearing concrete cleats basically. I do think he felt like I'm the guy, I'm, I'm the Brooks Robinson in Baltimore of this Red Sox team. That is a great question. You know, it's like, does Raffi know he's a terrible third baseman? I Doubt Well he knew because it was like two thirds of your text I think over of the, about what a butcher he is at third base.


But Like, does Jalen Brunson think he's a good defender? Does he not know why are they going at me on every possession? Like, because you're terrible. Does Carl Anthony Towns know that he commits dumb fouls? He might like Des might not know, he might not have any idea. I don't think de spends a lot of time on baseball reference like we do going deep. Well the the big thing with the Devers Trade, 'cause you and I saw it the same way. And then, so some of our other friends were like, you know, this guy's potentially one of the best 10 to 12 haters in either league. All the Yankee fans we know are rejoicing. It's like, thank God you got rid of devs, he killed us. Which is true. You never wanna make a trade where the Yankee fans are going nuts.


But I think both of us saw it the same way. When you're giving those giant contracts to people in baseball and they're not position guys and they get older and they start you, you, you start heading town g and Carlos Stanton Mountain pretty fast where you're like, wait, how many years are left? And there's just no way to unload it. It was kind of a miracle that San Francisco was like, we'll take, we'll take all of it and here's our best prospect from a year ago and here's our number one draft pick from last year. And it's like, I I the trade itself I can't argue with. Yeah, we, we beyond maxed out in terms of our return, you know, especially again, given the bind that everybody knew we were in this bind.


Yeah. We weren't negotiating from a position of strength. And like you talk about these huge contracts, the Blue Jays are three months into this Guerrero contract and it's a disaster. He has eight home runs, you know. Yeah. So, you know, there's gonna be, it's gonna get worse as it goes on. The idea is that Vladimir Guerrero who hit 48 home runs as a 22-year-old is gonna be better as a 26-year-old. You know, so everyone is, is rushing to shit on this Red Sox and say this is the latest installment in this continuing trend. And then they'll like invoke the Xander Bogart's thing and it's like, wait a minute. That was amazing. That was incredible that the Padres are on the hook for another quarter of a billion dollars for a guy with a six 40 OPS.


And I think this Raffi contract is gonna be a lot more like the Xandr deal. IIII Just, right. But, but here's the problem. And this is, and we were chronicling all this in real time. None of the decisions made sense when you match them against all the other decisions, right? The crime with Bogart's was they could have signed him to an extension a year earlier for way less money than they didn't. They did the sale extension that you and I almost had a conniption about. And I was mad at the Red Sox not even following them full-time, but it was like, really that's we're gonna give sale. But then, and then the story contract, Trevor story for the, where it was, nobody would sign him in for h Agency 'cause they're worried about his elbow. And then the Red Sox were going, oh man, we can get him for that price.


He was really good two years ago without, And then they Sign him and he blows out his elbow. But without bothering to check his home road splits in Colorado, just to know what you're actually, it's Just a bad contract. Yeah. What you're actually getting Or like galito and, and and Buhler where you're spending, you know, you're getting like two expensive quarters instead of just trying to sign a dollar. I just think they're all over the map. That's my bigger issue. And, and I guess I, I, you know, and again, rarely the voice of optimism on the text thread. I'm usually the other guy. But I would say with crochet at the top of the order, I mean you could argue we have the most dominant starter and the most dominant closer in baseball.


Okay. In between some question marks, although it looks like Whitlock might be turning the corner. Bayo had a great start, purely is a byproduct of us benching him in Roto And our keeper team, We Turned the season around. So, I mean, you know, galito is gonna make a run at Hersch's 59 consecutive scoreless innings apparently. So the team right now with these kids, I mean, you know, there are no guarantees as, as we we've learned a million times, but you know, Anthony Marcello mayor and April Christian Campbell are exciting. At least if we, if if KC can get back to what he was am mere six weeks ago.


Well, Don't, don't leave out NVAs the rookie of the year. And then NVAs is a revelation. You know, as I said, so we have a young catcher, you know, jar Durant had an 8.7 war last year. That's a very exciting player. And that war is way over anything Raffi devs has ever posted, devs has averaged a 3.8 war for It lasts four full seasons. Oh that should be getting dirty with me. This is great. It's just not, it's just not impossible to find 3.8 wins in other places now watching the two. Nothing victory or It lasts night. I did realize, oh boy, we're gonna have a lot of trouble scoring runs until pregnant gets back.


But hopefully once pregnant and Abrey are both back, you know, the, the lineup has a little more length and we can keep winning these, these three one games. Well I, as you know, much to your chagrin, I really backed off with the Red Sox for a few years after the bet straight. I really had an issue with that. I didn't know if I was coming back and I got sucked in partly because we had Meyer on our al caper team. We, we spent $25 on Christian Campbell, we have Navar Naval and I really got sucked back into the team and it's been a weirdly fun season for a team that for two straight months lost every one run game they played. And if the game was in the 10th inning, it was just a guaranteed loss.


But yet it was fun. It was something fun about them. And I do like these teams that have the young kids, like when we were growing up that 74 Red Sox team when they brought up Lyn and Rice near the end, and then all of a sudden at 75 it blossomed. We wa we watched the pitchers in the eighties and all of a sudden they're on the 86 team. We've had experiences like this before and it, it did suck me back in. And then they do this Devers Trade, which was defensible, but at the same time like, oh, we've saved all this money now we get to use this money elsewhere. And it's like, I don't trust you to use this money or spend it. Do you like, do you even think they're gonna spend it? I Mean, what are They gonna spend it on? What do we need? We need relievers.


I'd Love for them to extend Bregman now maybe while he's in the rehab pool. Well his leverage is the best it's ever gonna be right now. Right. We do need another frontline starter behind crochet and you know, is Raffi gonna get trimmer as he gets older as he gonna, it just seems like this, it's funny 'cause I've been feeling gaslit by baseball all spring in that I was like, the Red Sox are not this bad and the Yankees are not this good. I just couldn't understand as we plummeted into a double digit deficit in the standings, I'm like, how is Paul Gold Schmidt hitting three 50? This is not supposed to be happening. Well the regression of the mean has started. Judges not gonna hit 400, Goldschmidt's not gonna hit three 50 and the Red Sox are not gonna lose every one run Gabe.


And in the same way I've been feeling gaslit by the Buster Onlys and Tyler Kepner of the world who were like, well you can invoke Mookie if you want. But the fact is this was an amazing escape act by the Boston Red Sox that to get out from under this onerous contract, that's only gonna get worse as baseball economics change. You know, with people watching MMA in Formula One, is there gonna be more money running around baseball? Like a $313 million designated hitter is insane. And In fact, going back to the Mookie deal, it's crazy given that we were giving the Dodgers a generational player for nothing in return, that they would only eat 48 of the 96 million on the David Price contract.


It's like you should have eaten that whole contract. Right? You're getting KY bets. Right. So, so again, no one's defending that trade, but the, the, the particulars of that trade make this trade look better. They got a a, a slow DH and they're eating the whole contract. Yeah, But he's probably, he's gonna hit for San Francisco. I would, I would bet anything he has a big last four months, he'll be rejuvenated. You know where it's gonna go. We've seen it. I would also say this about San Francisco, which is, I, you know, I didn't, I didn't realize I texted you, but like I didn't realize what Robbie Ray was doing out there 'cause we're in an a l league, right. Our team's in the American League.


But I was like, I, this guy's career was over like he hasn't won three games in three years. He's eight and one with Super five. And I'm sure he'll shut us out on Sunday in San Francisco. But I was like, I don't think the giants are comparable to the Dodgers. Like, I think they're, they were close enough to believe that if they added a bat they could compete with the Dodgers. But yeah, I don't, I don't, I don't think that's real. And I actually think that by the All-Star break, the Dodgers will be six games ahead of the Giants and, and pulling away obviously. Well Shhe hit a hundred. Our friend Mike Shore was, didn't like the trade and made a a point that I thought was really important about, and it ties back to the bets trade.


Why, why I think the bets trade is relevant to this. Because I think it's something the, the owners in front office don't really fully understand with the Red Sox. Like the Yankees would never let Judge go or trade judge, right? That's their guy. They made that decision five, six years ago And the same way the Red Sox with Ortiz probably somewhere in the two thousands were like, this guy's gonna retire with us. And I think like, especially as I get older, that's the kind of stuff I respond to with sports. Like the chance to root for somebody for 20 years. And I think with bets that's what hurt the most with all that was like that just, he just should have always been a Red Sox that, and you, when you strike oil with a guy like that and then to hear the owner talking about some of the reasons they decided he wasn't gonna be worth it because we've studied the history of these deals and as these guys get older and the the pro and it's like this guy's a the freak athlete of all freak athletes who plays every position you want 'em to.


Why didn't they have that same feelings for devs? Why didn't they worry about what is this devs deal gonna look like when he is 35? Why was it with Mookie bets that that was who they were worried about? I will never understand that. Well, I mean I think as everybody has written it, as you have said is that that, you know, the devs signing w was not in a vacuum, it was in response to the reaction. Pure Panic. Yeah. It was to Best thing The city has turned on us, we have to Do this. Let's compound that mistake with, with another mistake. The the thing that's crazy about the Mookie thing, I mean, you know, you and I have been through this a million times, but generational talent, five tools, like does, he's not just generational.


Nobody's ever done what Mookie bets. You can't, you can't play be a gold glove right fielder and then go play shortstop and then turn the back end of a double play at second base and then hit for power, but also hit behind the run on a hit and run. You know, like, it, it, it's crazy how singular he is. He's a lot like shhe in that regard. Like he's one of one. Then you go to the next thing, which is like the community. Is he a good citizen? Is he a good guy? And you're like, yeah, obviously Yeah, 10 outta 10 and all that Stuff. He checks every box and he's feeding the homeless after playoff games. And this is, you know, like Big Poppy has a lifetime ambassador contract with the Red Sox and that should have been Mookie bets.


O of course. Yeah. You know, so I'm able to separate that mistake from this excellent trade. I am I am delighted. You're Doing excellent. I like it. And, And I, I cannot believe how much they ate and how much we got back. 'cause I was looking at Kyle Harrison, I don't, you know, he's 23 like that guy is is, you know, is a big leaguer that guy's gonna Yeah. They, a year ago he was the number two pitching prospect that wasn't in the majors yet behind Paul Skees Seems relevant. Yeah, it Seems relevant. And so, and it's weird that Jordan Hicks was the lead name on the trade. Yeah. When clearly he's kind of already pumpkin as a major leaguer and Kyle Harris Best, or, or maybe he's a reliever and shouldn't have been a starter.


I I don know, I'm not up on him either. You know, I actually looked up 'cause I, 'cause Des did win a title for us, right? He was, he was, It lasts guy from the 2018 team. Of course he made, and Ironically he makes that diving play toward the bag. It's an insane play when you think about what a shitty third baseman he would become. Right. He makes a completely clutch defensive play also had a huge hit in that comeback. Yeah. So, so technically he's not eligible because they did win a title when he was part of the team. But it was, you know, he was young at that point and you wouldn't have said he was one of the four best guys on the team or anything. So I don't know. I have to, I have to look back at the rules and see if he's eligible. But I do think when you see how the team didn't react to the trade, we didn't have players going like, I can't believe we traded Raffi.


What are we doing here? Like, none of that is right. It's like, hey, and then you, you hear Breslow who you know might be a maniac for all we know, but he's like, I think we're gonna have a better record at the end of the year than we would've if we had him. It makes me think this must have been pretty bad behind the scenes. They're pretty weird or pretty awkward or something. So they feel like they're removing a literal, very similar to Nomar in oh four when that got very Similar to Nomar. Really weird. And you know, like if you look at the baseball card or Orlando Cabrera and, and Doug Kovich is, is not a great return on paper. But you know, when you and I talked about it, it's gonna make Derek Lowe better because as soon as we get better defensively, Derek Lowe will be a better pitcher.


We Love the trade. We, we were like, we were like, oh my God, we have a shortstop with range who's gonna be able to make plays, You know, and we had seen Nomar killing us in the field. But yeah, so I think it's gonna be, and I do think it's analogous, Nomar refusing to go into that game in New York while G is planting his face on a metal chair. Yeah. And, and no Mark's outing. That is the analogy that feels right. So you have a guy that the team needs to play first base. He's saying, I would rather just work my 12 minutes a night. I mean, what is a D H's job? It's insane. You have a 12 minute workday, you work these four installments. It's Gotta get psyched up for every bat. I might, I might be hitting again in 40 minutes.


You, you sit you sit around and the team needs you. So, you know, it's funny because you and I have talked a little bit about this. We're, we're old now. We're in, we're in this older generation and it's like, you know, I think you and I have both seen some of the Gen Z attitude, the entitlement, and of course, of course they're entitled, we've done nothing but tell them how awesome they are their whole lives. Oh my god, this awful finger painting is going right up on the fridge. Very genius. Like of course they're fucked up. But I really did feel like the, I'm not gonna play first base. He is like, I've already l the, the, the quote where he said, I've already learned a new position. I've learned how to sit on the bench.


Yeah. Like what is, what is dh? Tell us, walk us through learning how to DH plus Like if I was a professional baseball player, I'd wanna play first base. It would just be more interesting of course you to be in the field course you might be, you might be involved in the action. I would just rather do that. And a below average third baseman can be a pretty good first baseman pretty quick. Like there's not, there's not that much to do. Although I will say Abraham Toro and the collection of guys trying, you know, the, the Red Sox first baseman do this thing on every routine ground ball to second base. They sprint and lay out. So it's like, okay, if the pitcher's not over there, it's another infield hit. Yeah.


All right. We, we passed the allot of time for this Pats I was in indie and I did Pats over nine and a half wins plus one 60 on FanDuel. Couldn't have been more excited about it. Also bet some vrabel plus seven 50 coach of the year I'm in. I love it. We're, we are in the Roman Anthony Drake May era. It's a new day. It's a don't don't, don't forget about our guy Marcello Meyer, who we have on our fantasy team as well. This is a beautiful swing. Yeah. All right Hench, good to see you. Thanks for venting to us. Alright, thanks brother.


This episode is brought to you by the Wells Fargo Active Cash credit card. This is an ad for the active cash credit card from Wells Fargo. That's a mouthful, but that's because of Paxil Lain earn unlimited, unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases with it big or small. So whether it's buying tickets to the game with your mom or grabbing a coffee with your dog, earn unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases made with it. Say it with me. The active cash credit card from Wells Fargo. Learn more at wells fargo.com/active cash terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by cars.com. Whether you're buying your first set of wheels upgrade and to fit your growing family or looking for something to have a little fun with on the weekends, visit cars.com and explore the possibilities. Up to 50,000 cars are added daily, so wherever life takes you, there's a car for it. On cars.com, find your next possibility on cars.com. Where to next?


All right, we're taping this midweek con kniple iss here. He went to Duke University not for long. He's gonna be in the NBA draft. He's going to be drafted somewhere, I would say in the top eight, but it's starting to seem like it's climbing higher than that. You've done a lot of interviews. This is the best one. I think this is the peak right here. Absolutely. For a hundred percent. Where are you right Now? You in Wisconsin? Yeah, I'm back home. I'm actually, my, my parents' bedroom the most quiet place in the house, so. Oh, Nice. That's your studio? Yep, I guess so. Oh, I see some, I see some wedding pictures in the background. Yeah, Wedding pictures on the back. Yeah. Yeah. Can how long have your parents been married?


It's actually their anniversary Coming up this week. So 2004, 21 4. Oh my god. Yeah. I'm so old. Jesus. Yeah, because one of the things, one of the reasons we wanna have you on was your family sent a picture of you reading my book when you were a little kid, which I thought was hilarious that my book is now old enough that people who read the book as little kids are now being drafted in the lottery. But what, what kind of, so did you have like hands-on parents that were driving you everywhere, like basketball camps, coaching your team? Like what was like your family situation? How'd you end up being like Mr. Basketball in Wisconsin? How'd you end up being a top five lottery pick potentially?


Yeah, so both, both my parents played, played college basketball. My mom played at UW Green Bay and then my dad played at Wisconsin Lutheran College, which is an a d three in Milwaukee. So they, I mean obviously they, they loved hoops and they, they wanted me to play. My dad wasn't like a crazy coach or anything following me around. So he, I never, I never played for him or anything, but they definitely made sure I worked on my game and, and got me in the gym as much as they could and, and then really helped me out that way. Wait, I wanna hear about the games for the parents. So what was your mom's game? What was her position? What was, what was her like, what was her skillset?


Yeah, so she's six one and she was, so she was a post at Green Bay and she's actually the yeah, she's actually the all time league score there. So, so she, I mean she loves, loves to say Kevin McHale, but The footwork Nice. Yeah, footwork up and under was the go-to move. But yeah, she did, she didn't have quite as deep of a, a bag as him, but that's what she likes to say. And what dad say. What about your dad? My dad, so he is like six four and in D three, like he was like a three or a four, but, but he could really shoot it, I'd say a three or four.


'cause he averaged like 10 rebounds a game is his sophomore year. But yeah, it is really just like a, a shooter mid range three point. He is actually, I think he's, he's the all time steel leader there too. So a little bit anticipation from him. But I, I don, I, I don dunno if I could put really a, a player on him, because his go-to move is a post fadeaway at six four. So I That's like TJ McConnell. Yeah, right. Yeah. Getting into the lane, bouncing backwards. Well, it's interesting, so you got the shooting probably from your dad's side, but some of the footwork, like one of the, one of the things like watching all the tape with you, you have this herky jerky around the rim up fake game. When you get into the paint that like, you're patient, you'll wait, you'll do, and then you'll, you'll, you know, it's a little like TJ McConnell has it, Prichard not to mention all white guys, but Pritchard has it, people around the rim who don't necessarily go right to the basket, but kind of use defenders against themselves, which I noticed with you.


The other thing that, I mean the catch and shoot stuff is unbelievable, the, the footwork, but what, what do you, what do you think is the best part of your offensive game that the, they're the most proud of? Yeah, I think, I think probably the shooting now. Like I, I used to not, like growing up I wasn't always a great shooter. So like I really had to work on that, just like in my mechanics and all that stuff. Like, I, I, I had, I always had good form, but I just, I'd for whatever reason, I'd wasn't always a great shooter. So that's Probably, it's like in ninth grade you weren't like a dead eye. Like, Like right when I got to high school is when I started to become a really good shooter. So interesting. In middle, middle school, I like couldn't, couldn't shoot threes like that.


But I knew I had to play. Were You taller Kind, because I noticed like in your high school stats, like you actually were rebounding and it seemed like you were almost Yeah. Being played a forward. Yeah, no, I, I was like a, a forward for my first three years before my, my senior year when I had to handle the ball. But like, yeah, I definitely got to, when I got to high school I was like, all right, I gotta be able to shoot threes. And that's, that's kind of been the, the thing that I can always rely on, on the offensive end to create advantages for myself. So I, I, I'd probably say that for sure. Well, I mean, I'm, I'm sure I'm like slightly to blame for this, but when guys are in the draft, we love doing comps.


I remember doing the draft for ESPN in 13 and 14 and forcing them to do a player comp segment, which Jalen was terrible at. I used to make fun of. He just could never get the hang of it. Now he is better at it. But, but you've had some fun ones. Like you, the the comps for con kniple are all over the map, but one of the ones that I think is like somewhat valid, there's some clay stuff with you that I think some people have mentioned. I mean, that would be the ideal if that was a, a clay type of career, right? Yeah. I mean that, that would be the absolute, that that would be awesome. You know, I've, I've always tried to, you know, you everybody wants to play like clay if you're a, if you're a shooter or, and, and he's a also was a great defensive player back when he, before, before the injuries and before he is gotten older now.


But, you know, that's someone you look up to when you're, when you're a player like me. And, and that, that would be, that'd be absolutely awesome. It's funny you mentioned the, the draft stuff, because me and my family were actually just watching in between one of the finals games. I, I was like, we gotta watch, I don know how it came up, but there was like your highlights from the 2013 draft Oh yeah. On, on YouTube. Oh, the, the whoa. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That and, but like, you were just like spot on the whole draft. It was really funny. So I was, I was watching that with my, my dad and my, my family outside while we were at halftime of the finals. Oh, that's funny. Yeah. I was, I had a good draft that year. I don't think the next year I did as well. But that was like one of the great drafts. 'cause it was David Stern's last draft.


Nobody knew who the first pick was gonna be. Yeah. It ended up being Anthony Bennett Giannis was in the draft. Nobody knew what to make of him and it just, it was just all over. There was a big Celtic trade that draft, but, right. You know, when I look at this stuff, and this is why it's so funny with, with your rise as a prospect, you're always gonna be a first rounder. But I remember when I started watching Duke, 'cause I love Cooper Flagg. I was like, I just, I just thought he had it. He's, you know, especially somebody weaned on the 86 Celtics is my kind of guy. Yeah. But the fact that he reclassified, he's playing older kids and he just seemed, he reminded me so much of the stuff I loved about KG even though they're not the same size, but just like the competitiveness, how he's good at everything, how he's an anchor.


He is a good passer. So I started watching Duke and I was texting our college basketball guys. I'm like, what's up with this K nipple? Was he, where's he supposed to go in the draft? 'cause he keeps jumping out to me and they were like, no, no, he might be a lottery pick. And I was like, this seems like the kind of guy they're gonna screw up and end up going 19th and then, then he'll be really good and be like, how did he fall to 19? But somewhere in the mix in It lasts two months. You jumped up and now you're in, like, you're in the top five conversation. When did, when did, when did that flip? You know, I don't really know. I think, I think a lot of it helped with the, the a c tournament when Cooper was out.


So being able to, you know, see me in, in, in a scenario where I'm the, I'm the guy for a couple games and then just kind of carrying that over into the, into the NCA tournament, I think that helped. But then I, I mean, I don't, I don't really know. I haven't, I haven't played in front of anybody other than my, the team workouts I've been doing. So I, I guess it made a, a decent impression in some of my interviews. And, and I, I, I don know What do they a what do they ask you in these interviews? Do you feel like they're trying to get under the hood with you and try to break you psychologically? Or what are they tr what are they up to? Yeah, I don I don't, I don't think so. You know, like you always hear the stories about like, people getting like, asked ridiculous questions.


Right. I didn't really have many of those. I think they're really just trying to get to know you. What makes you tick, how you think the game as a player. You know, some teams, teams they'll do, they'll have you draw step up on a board. They just wanna hear how you talk about the game, how you talk about scenarios and in, in the, in the course of a season. Like what, what your defensive coverages are. They, they wanna get into all that stuff. And then baseline stuff about like, who you are as a person as well. Yeah. That's, see, I would do it completely differently if I ran a team. I would be, I'd be so interested in work ethic, what your day-to-day routine was.


Do you feel like you're the player you can be five years from now? I'd, I would be going into all the hardwire stuff because I honestly, at, at the point you're at now with a lot of these prospects, they're all pretty much around the same talent. And then the work ethic and like having one elite skill, and then that's when it starts to separate. But like, I'm sure you saw that with Cooper, like he's famous for that. Like he's just a maniac and every single drill every day. Yeah. Every practice, everything. And it really does feel like those are the guys that ascend. You know what I mean? Yeah. And, and I think they try to get a feel for that too. So some of those questions that, that you were saying, but Yeah, like it, when you, you mentioned a guy like Cooper, like that stuff is kind of evident too, as in the way he plays.


Like he doesn't take plays off Yeah. In the game. So you can, you could kind of see how that would correlate to a practice. Like he's not taking any drills off. He wants to win every drill. That stuff carries over. Does that carry over to the teammates? It must Right. A little bit. Absolutely. Yeah. I mean, I think, I think for the most part, we had, we had guys that, that are steal driven in that way anyway, this, this past season. But I mean, when the best guy's doing it, everybody's gonna do it. Are you looking, I mean, it's been two months now. Do you look back at that final four? Just like, is this gonna haunt me the rest of my life? Like, like what, what is your relationship to that game now that it's it's in the rear view mirror?


Yeah. I mean, I told my, I told my assistant coach, coach Ddy the night, the night of the game, like right after the, right after the game, we got to the hotel. I was like, I was, we were going on the elevator and I was getting off and I was like, I'll never forget that for the rest of my life. Like, that'll just, that'll just sit with you. Just one of those games. And it's, you know, it's, it's tough. Like I, it took me about like a month to watch your episode on it. You and Illa did an episode on it. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. It took me about a month to, to get around to that. And, and you, I thought you did a really good job. I think you had a tweet about it too that like broke down all the things that went wrong down the stretch. And like, you just flip one of those things and you win the game.


So it's one of those that just, that eats at you. But, but Now you, you know, I'm kind of, kind of past it. I don't think about it all the time. Yeah. And, and part of that sense, but when someone brings it up and they, yeah, it's doesn't, doesn't bring up good feelings. Well the the good thing is when you're much older and you're like my age, you can barely remember anything. So don't worry. Probably won't haunt you that much. But it is, it's crazy that team you had though, when you, like, I'm just looking in the context. I'm a casual college basketball fan. I'll float in, I'll watch certain teams, but then I really get into the draft and I really enjoy that part and trying to Yeah. Come up with my weird takes on everybody. But your team is so fun from a 2025 draft standpoint, you know, like even Yeah, Abso Absolutely.


Even the center. Like, like could he, he might, could he go fifth? Could he go sixth? Could he go eighth? And he ma he makes sense with a bunch of different teams too. And I, I do wonder if after the draft people would be like, wow, look at where all those guys went in the draft. How did they not win? But that's the thing about college basketball, it's one game. It's not like, you know Yeah. You're not playing the best of seven. Right. The the the best team always wins the best of seven. I yeah. I, I, I feel, unless some injury happens or something. But in college it's just, it's, it's always a toss up. You know? You never those plays at the end of the game. Yeah. Yeah. Because even OKC Indiana, I remember after game three, Indiana goes up, now I'm at the game, I'm doing the pod with Zach and both of us were like, man, this isn't usually how basketball goes.


Usually. Like the best team, if a four out seven, the best team almost always wins unless something crazy happens. Like Indiana had the reverse, we're now Hal Alberts hurt. Right. For the most part, if you're gonna play seven times, usually the right team wins. Right. But in a one gamer, who the hell knows. Yeah. All right. So some of it looks like you're in the three to seven range. So do you work out with Philly? I, I have a Zoom with them this week, but I did, I did not work out with them. Do you start, because you're like an actual basketball fan, do you look at all these teams and try to figure out like, Hmm, what would I look like in this situation? What would I like, is your brain even go that way?


Are you trying to think about it? Yeah, I mean, you do a little bit, but I think like something I learned big time here at Duke this year was my first time not being the best player on a team. You know, I probably could have went to another college and, and, and been the, been the best player. But just learning how to like, affect the game. Yeah. When the ball, when the ball's not in your hands or when you're not the number one guy. And, and learning about myself that I can still be an effective player doing that. So I feel pretty confident in like any situation I'm gonna go into Yeah. That I'll be able to affect, affect winning and, and, and be able to contribute. Yeah. That's the thing. And that I I Tlo is a big fan of your prospects too for the next level.


'cause we tend to gravitate toward the guys that we just feel like could fit in in any type of situation. Right. Like you look at Philly, Philly's got guards, they have embi. It's pretty easy to see where you would fit in there. Like you would spread the floor for them. You might be able to initiate some offense. Then you go to a team like, like Utah where they have marketing and they have the guards. But then I could also see where you fit in with them. Charlotte's like kind of perfect with La Melo and Bridges and Brandon Miller. Yeah. Like they clearly need somebody like you, so you go on through and I don't know, it just feels like you could fit in any situation, but you can play multiple positions. Right. Like potentially you could play a three in some position in some situations.


You could be a two. Yeah. You could initiate some offense. Like, I'm not worried about you. Yeah. I, I, I definitely think, you know, I I tend to have a little bit, like I have a versatile skillset beyond just the shooting. Like you can get on the court shooting. Yeah. Anywhere that, that you could play for any team if you could shoot the ball. But definitely some of those other skills that I can bring to the table. Like you mentioned, initiating offense and stuff like that stuff is valuable to any, any team Rebounding with the catch and shoot stuff. That's, I mean, that's hard work 'cause that's a different kind of skillset. So you must have spent like, some serious time working on that, right?


Yeah, I, when I was, yeah. Like when I got to like that high school, like freshman, sophomore, like I would, I was on a shooting machine, which I stopped doing because, you know, you gotta like practice more off the move and, and all that stuff. But like, I really hammered down my mechanics. Like I was a very, like, my brother's a really good shooter and he, he can just fling it, you know? Yeah. Like it's, it's na it's natural. Like mine is very good word for it. Just very fundamental. Like I have, it's gotta be a strong shot. Like everything has to, has to come together. So I think, I think definitely just the amount of time I put working on my form and my mechanics really contributed to that.


But I, I think, I think going forward now, like it's, it's like riding a bike kind of, right? Yeah. You put so much time into, I put so much time into that before and now I can just keep like adding different ways to shoot. Like right now I'm working a ton off the dribble because that's an area I need to grow. It's just, and it's just, it's just different, you know, like it's just a different feel is just a catch and shoot. Whereas, or an off the dribble or an off the move shot. But that, that, that's like kind of the baseline. It's like form shooting almost. Yeah. And you have to, and you're already pretty good at like coming off a screen at the top. Yeah. Doing the one-handed across the core pass, which I don't know when that pass got started, but all of a sudden now it's like, it's like a must.


Yeah. Does it get you on the ball? Every, everybody does it. Everybody. Yeah. And it's high degree of difficulty on it. What are the thing you're most worried about the next level? What's your whole Yeah, I mean I think everybody's, you know, like, I guess playing into the stereotype a little bit of, you know, a white guy that they're gonna, they're gonna challenge you defensively. They're gonna go at you see what you're made of. So just being ready, ready for that and being really focused on that. And so every time you go out there, just being, just being really focused on that end is gonna, is gonna be really key. Being hunted. Yeah. It's funny though, sometimes that can work in your favor. 'cause like the funniest was that Celtics Hauser, they would hunt Hauser and not realize that it was actually a bad idea a lot of the time.


But everyone would try to do it. Be like, Ooh white guy, let's go get him. And then, then it would wouldn't work out most of the time. 'cause he was actually a pretty good one. One Pretty good. Yeah. Yeah. Because he played for Tony Bennett at Virginia. Like he, he's alright sliding his feet. And Prichard was another one that, you know, he was undersized but he would fight, fight, fight and Right. And do it. So when you watch, I'm sure you've watched a ton of the finals, right? Yeah, absolutely. So do you, do you try to envision like, could I play in this level? Who would I be on this Indiana team? Could I have been in the wig spot on this KC team? Are you thinking that or are you just watching the games? Yeah. You think about it a little bit. Like, I went to both Bucks games when they played Indiana.


Mm. So just like, kind of thinking about man, like how could I, you know, the first thing you see in the playoffs is the physicality. Yeah. Like how are you gonna, how are you gonna adjust to that? And then you think about how you can, can help teams and you know, I really gravitated towards Knee Smith in that first round. Yeah. And like, I mean he's been really, he's been awesome. Like I just love his shot. Like he always gives it a chance. It like, every time he releases it, it feels like it's, it's going, it's either going long or it's going in. Yeah. It's, it's, he's never missing it short. So I I, I gravitate towards him and you know, he is got, he is got really long arms and stuff, but just, he is a great shooter and, and uses his body and his physicality.


Well on defense. Are you a Bucks fan? Is that fair to say? Was that your team? Yeah, No. Yeah, absolutely. Oh, so when they won in 21, you're going nuts. Yeah. Yeah. It was, that was a special time. It unbelievable. We're long. We're, we're a long ways from there. But I Know, I, you know, it's funny, I had doc on my podcast yesterday and we were talking about Yeah, the East is so wide open. They have the best guy in the conference. Everybody thinks they're gonna trade him and they're not. And it's, if you have the best guy in the conference, you have to feel like you have a chance, even if the rest of the team is a little rocky. But I, I think that's kind of where they've landed at least for the next year. The East is so wide open.


You're probably gonna be in the east. Right? Unless it's Utah. All, all the other teams from three to eight new New Orleans. Oh yeah. New Orleans, the other one, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I'm, I'm, I've given up my Bucks fandom. That's it now. Yeah. So I mean I, yeah, I guess, I guess that's it. But that's fine. Does Cooper can't give up the Celtics thing? 'cause we're counting on him in six years. Yeah. Yeah. He's six years. We'll find out if he's actually a Celtic fan six years from now. 'cause we, we we're saving 2032 cap space for him. We want to do the first one and plays out his rookie contract and then just jumps to his favorite team right after. Yeah. You can do the same thing.


You can start, maybe it can start a trend. Yeah. Convince him to do that for you. Gimme a Cooper story about what a what a over competitive maniac he is. Yeah. I, I like this one just 'cause it's the, the first time we played pickup. So we went down there a week before we actually had to go down there for the summer. So there's this thing at Duke called K Academy. A bunch of guys pay a whole bunch of money to get playing like a A league Yeah. Like a fantasy camp basically. Right. It's, it's pretty cool. But so we're the guys are, we're, we're helping run it. We're helping coach and then, and then after every day we play pickup.


So it's just like any other, any other pickup game, you know, guys are going really hard. It's kind of our first time going against each other. The coaches aren't in there, but you know, They got the cameras or whatever they can probably see, you see a playing. So everybody's going at each other. And me and Cooper are on the same team and we were winning every game. It was, it was really fun. And then he switches teams and then that we played like three more games and that team won all three games. Right. So it's just like, that's just like any other game. Like, it doesn't matter. Middle school, high school, college, the guy that does that is, is the best player.


Right. The guy, the, the guy that who wins all day, switches teams and then wins, wins three more games. So I remember telling my dad, I'm like, yeah, he switched teams while we were playing pickup and Didn't matter. He Yeah. Is it, is it weird to just pass through a school for 12, 10, 11 months and then you're gone and then for the rest of your life people are like Duke's con kniple and it's like you were there for two semesters plus some summer games. Right. It's, it's just kind of weird how that's played out in the 21st century. Yeah, it sucks because you, you get so, you get so close with all these teammates.


Yeah. And, and you get close with the coaches, you're with them all the time every day. And then it's like, especially now with like the transfer portal, like right after the season, like we came home and the coaches are meeting with the guys who have like a decision to make as far as like, are you staying or leaving? Yeah. So like, they're doing that right away. When they get back, there's like no time for reflection. They're trying to get a roster together for next year. You're not making it smores by a campfire, just talking. Yeah. It's just moving on. Reflecting on the season. You just move on and it, it kind of stinks. And then like, if you, if you think like, oh man, I like, I had so much fun this year, you think about like, like what would you do coming back?


And then it's just a completely different team anyway. Right. So it's never gonna, it's never gonna be the same. So You don't, you don't really think about that for too long. Yeah. You're coming back and basically joining a different AAU team that has Duke jerseys and Right. The same coaches. Right. Yeah. I don't, like if they made me the czar sports and asked me to fix co fix college hoops, the natural fix would be if you go to a, any college you go to, you should have to stay for two years. So there's at least a little more stability. Right. And that includes the coaches. But yeah, I don't think somebody like you or or Cooper or whoever else should be forced to stay in college for two years if you guys can become, you know, lottery picks or whatever.


It's just, you just never know with how long an athletic career could be. So to, to force somebody to stay isn't ready either. I don't, I don't know how you fix it. It's one of those like unsolvable dilemmas, you know? And it feels like it's getting worse. Yeah. And like you see too with like all this stuff, the NCAA, like can't, can't fight anything. So all everything that goes through is getting passed. The coaches talk about all the time is it really is the wild West. It really, and especially the NIL stuff, you're like an 18-year-old kid navigating all these crazy offers. What was the worst N-O-I-N-I-L offer? You got sex, toys, anything terrible? Yes.


No, I don't, I don't know if I had a worst, a worst one. How did people approach you? Did you have like a handler or was it like your parents? Yeah. So you, so you can have, you can have like an, an AL agent. Yeah. So I had an agent, but like I, I was born like, I didn't, I didn't really care. Yeah. I, I just, I just stuck with the money you get from the collective at whatever school you go to. And I did a couple things, but it was like the bare bones. You take an Instagram right. Make an Instagram post, take one picture, and then it's like whatever, whatever money you get. So I I, I wasn't really too, too focused or big on it.


So I don I don dunno if I had a, had a worse worst one. Did you ever, who was like, did you, were you in a suite? Who were your roommates? Like were you with the other basketball guys? What, what was the deal? Yeah, we, we were in the dorm. We were, we were in dorms over on East campus at Duke, which is the freshman campus. Yeah. And we, we got like a full room. So most people would share one room. Yeah. And so like, I remember if somebody was like, how, how come they get a full room and like the, the person we were moving in with was like, because Kaon is seven two. Right. He's not sleeping in like a twin bed or whatever.


Yeah. So we, yeah, we shared it was like a Jack and Jill. So it was like two rooms that were connected, shared a bathroom. Yeah. It was, it was pretty, pretty high level. But it was all, all in the freshman dorm. It was, it was super nice around all the, the other regular day-today students. Great. So then, then that season ends and you get exams and then that's it. You never go back. Yep. And some guys don't even do the exams, the season ends and they're like, I'll see everybody later. Yeah. So I think, I think Duke does it well. 'cause like we have, we have all in-person classes. Yeah. So a lot of, a lot of schools will just, kids are just online and they're just clicking through.


I don't know, someone's probably doing it, doing it for 'em too. Like Yeah. Like, and, and most, most schools, I don't, I don't, I shouldn't say I know everything, but like I know a lot of schools that do, like they're done with school before the tournament. Right. So like, you're, you're done. Really? You don think That at Duke. Yeah. They don't go with class, go to class anyway. So we're going to in-person class. So we, we kind of stay, we gotta stay a little bit longer than probably some other kids that declared for the draft. Where did your parents want you to go to college? My mom wanted me to go to Duke. Oh really? So they weren't like putting Wisconsin pressure on you or any of that stuff? No. My, my dad I think probably wanted Marquette.


Yeah. Been cool. But my mom was all the way in on Duke. Is there a reason, would she like the Christian Laer documentary? Like what was the reason? No, I think she just, she knew what, how big like Duke is as Yeah. As a brand in college basketball. And she was like, oh, you're gonna play all the, all the big games and all that. And, and she, she was in for that. She anybody knows my mom at all. She's all, she's all in for that stuff. Did she, did you pick before or after Cooper picked? Before. Oh, so that's what a bonus. Yeah. No, it was great. I was, I remember when it was coming down to it and it was hit them or us or Yukon and I was like, come on.


Like, they just won twice. Like, come on, let's, like I wasn't, I wasn't talking to him or anything. Like I was, I, I'd only met him once, but I was like, oh man, this would be really, really good if he Yeah. Came here obviously. And then I remember seeing it, the slam thing or whatever. Yeah. In class in the, in the morning. I was like, let's go. This is gonna be awesome. Well, you had a crazy class of, I guess it's 2024, but just like an unusually loaded class of dudes. Like even if you go back and you look at the ESPN top a hundred and like some of the, the guys are like five guys with 96 ratings are above the two Rutger guys are Rutgers guys are in there.


Edgecomb in there. And you probably have been playing against a bunch of these guys since what age? Like 15, 16? Yeah. Once you get Yeah. Like sophomore. Freshman. Sophomore year. Yeah. So when, what were your initial impressions of some of these dudes as you're like, at these big tournaments and you know, it's like, oh, there's Dylan Harper. I've heard about him. Heard about him. Yeah. So I played, I think I played Dylan Harper once and yeah, we played him once. So we actually, we actually beat him and they, they ended up being really good and made the final four of like the Nike circuit. But my team was the, my team was a team that I think we, we were 500, but my team was a team. Like, we'd beat like a really good team like them and then go and lose to the worst team.


Right. My, my my junior year, we weren't very good, but I remember playing him. Was There anybody that blew you away? I remember vj, like, I saw VJ play at a camp and I'm like, this guy just couldn't fly. Like it was, yeah. I remember being really impressed with him. Obviously Cooper played against him a couple times because he just has such a unique game. Yeah. Where like, in high school, like he wasn't a great, like, I think he got to the point at Duke where he was like a very good three point shooter. Right. But like, he wasn't like a good shooter. And like earlier in high school, like, at least from three, it was like all mid-range. So just like interesting to watch him play. And I'm like, he's so effective.


He can't even, can't even shoot like that. But he just had a, a ccra obviously the wingspan and all that. It was just like a, a very interesting game. High motor. Yeah, I did. What about A Bailey? Did you ever go against him? I never saw, I never saw Ace Bailey. I never played against him because he was a, I think he was an Adidas, he was in the Adidas circuit. So, you know, you don't really cross paths with guys. Yeah. Like, It's so funny, you have these circuits with the different shoes where you even see the guys. Yeah. It's weird. It's definitely weird. And they, it's all political too, so you know, they Yeah, they get, they get pissed off about it. But I, I don't remember seeing him.


I remember Derek Queen, Derek Queen was odd. Like at the camps, all the camps and stuff. Like, it's hard to have a big, like some teams don't have a big at these camps. And so he, like, I remember we played him and he had, he must have 30, just like, nobody could stop him. He's really good. He's super skilled. Yeah. It's funny at those camp, at those camps are like just basically giant pickup games. So the point guards always come out good 'cause they have the ball all the time. They have the ball, the shooters like, you come out great. 'cause you're gonna just hit open shots. And then if there's a big guy who can wreak havoc, that's the other one who's gonna jump out. And then everybody else has to kind of figure out how to fit in. And the figure Right. In the Right, it's in the circumstances. Yeah. They, they aren't, they aren't the best circumstances to for, for everybody.


But they're definitely, you know, it's a different type of environment. So I think that's actually the NBA 100 camp. That's when Duke first saw me. Yeah. And you know, those, those things can actually, can actually matter. Which is weird because it's not always very good basketball. So have you thought about like, well what's a girlfriend situation? Who, who's gonna be at the draft with you? What do you, what do you got going? Yeah. Who's, who's the entourage? Who, who do we have to look for? Yeah, so I, I get six people at the table. So that's my whole family. I got four little brothers and then my parents. You two little brothers. Yeah. Oh my god. Yep. All right.


Yeah. So plus the Two parents. There you go. Plus the two parents. So that's my table. And then my cousin is coming, my girlfriend, one of my best buddies from, from the team at Duke. And then my uncle who actually gave me your book for Christmas, so Oh, I like that guy. Yep. Yeah, he's great. He really nice. He played, yeah, he, he played in the NBA for a little bit. Did he really? Yeah. He appeared in 13 games for the Bucks. He's got a basketball reference. Yeah. Jeff Nord guard. Wow. Yeah, I vaguely remember that name. Yeah. But have a weird, but you, yeah, he was in the, he likes to claim he in, he in the 96 draft, so he like was of the best draft ever.


Me. That's What's the suit situation? Have You thought about it? Thought about colors like that. Yeah. You're not that far away now. Yeah. Navy blue suit. I navy tie white shirt. I'm not, that's not my cup of tea. Really. So I, I got a lot of help from my mom and from the agent and all of that, but I'm not, he won't see me like Grady Dick or anything. Yeah. He was trying to make a statement. So it seems, It seems like, I think he thought that looked good. Yeah. May maybe he still does. It seems like you're a giant basketball fan though, which I, it feels like with NBA players, they go one in two ways. Either, you know, they're in the league 'cause they're good at basketball, but they don't really know what's going on.


And then there's other people who are like, no, no, I'm actually a student. It's a, it's a big deal for me to be playing against. So and so I followed his whole career. But it seems like you're in that camp. Yeah, absolutely. Like this, this whole process here has been really awesome to, you know, like my uncle is kind of a big influence and like he knows all, all these players and Yeah, we used to talk, used talk about basketball all the time. But this, this process has been really cool because, 'cause you're meeting all these former players. Like when I was at the combine, I was in the elevator with like Brian Cardinal and I'm like, oh this is awesome. The janitor, like this is stupid. Stuff like that. Or like, I was in my interview with OKC and Nick Collison's in there.


So it would be random guys like that that I, that's really cool for me. And then you obviously like the meeting, meeting the, the all stars and like the guys I've crossed paths with at Duke is like Paulo and stuff like that is, is really cool. But yeah, I just love hoops and it's been awesome to fall and all that, all the NBA player stuff is, is something I've always gravitated towards. Wait, so there was an interview with KC that must have been before they didn't get the seventh pick. Yeah, well the, at the combine there's like, you interview for like, Oh you're just talking to everybody. Yeah. Like 14 teams. So they kind of request you and then it's, they request you before it's determined before the, the lottery, Right?


Yeah. So I'm not gonna ask you what team you're rooting to get picked because the, the correct answer is it's just gonna be great to be drafted. Yeah. I've always wanted to be in the NBA. Any team will be awesome. I love every American city. Every city sounds great. I love Charlotte. It'd be great to be near Duke, Washington. I've always wanted to go there. Utah looks awesome. I'll take up skiing. Yeah, you just go through 'em. Throw 'em off. Yeah. I, you definitely, definitely can't give any leeway there. But Lee, I personally, I don don't mean to make this awkward, but I I personally think you make a ton of sense for Charlotte and I would be surprised if just for what they need, if they're gonna keep their their nucleus together, I could just see you on that team.


But it's gonna be, you'll be somewhere in that three to seven. I don't think it goes past seven would be my guess. But all of those teams, I feel like you'd play for New Orleans might be the only weird one. 'cause they have a bunch of guards, but, you know, whatever. Just, just keep working. Rebound. Don't forget to grab those rebounds. Get in there, get pad the box score. Yeah, Absolutely. Keep, Keep, I I was, I was mad this year. I mean like we got, because I was, I was a obviously a good rebounder in high school. I, it's easier when you're the big, when you're a big guy. But like I was, I I would always get pissed because we had C James out there, the six five, he, he gets mad when everybody calls him a linebacker, but he's huge.


Yeah, he rebounds. And then you got Cooper and Kaon, it's like those guys steal everything so there's none left. Yeah. It's like I, I get four or whatever and it's like, man, maybe I, my I I'd have six if, if Caleb foster's in there and CC on has a, You know, Caleb Foster was an LA kid who I thought was awesome in high school and I still feel like, I don't know, I I'm, I'm holding my stock for him. I still feel like you should, there's something. Yeah, there's something there with him. You should, he had some really, really good, 'cause the la high school scene was crazy and you know, that's where Jared McCain came out of and a bunch of Yeah. People. But I thought, I just thought he was really good in high school. Yeah, no, he's, he's a super, super hard worker.


So I think you guys should expect big things from him this year. He's a really, really good player, really good kid. And so it says something about him coming back too. You don't see that a lot. You don't see that a lot anymore in college. So I think, think he'll have a big year this year. Year. What's the coach? K How often does he kind of hang around the dude like that? Does he just show up randomly? Like how many times did you interact with him? I interacted with him a little, pretty decent amount actually. Yeah. Yeah. He's, he's awesome. But he, he's not, he tries to give like obviously the new staff, his spa their space and whatever. But he's up still on the sixth floor.


So there's six floors. All the coaches are on the fifth floor. And then he's got his office on the sixth floor. Oh, be over. Yeah. It's, it's, it's pretty funny. But yeah, he, he came to practice probably a couple times. He came, he came and talked to us before the season. But you'll see him in there getting his workout in, doing his, doing his dips and his pullups. But he's, he's great. He's, he's super funny. He is got a really dry sense of humor. Ja. He'll drop some F-bombs every once in a while. Oh yeah, yeah. A little bit. But he is, he is great. He's, he's a good resource obviously. He is one of the best resources to have for basketball stuff in the world. Yeah.


So I've, I've enjoyed all my conversations that I gotta have with him. Alright, so big picture. Keep a, keep a low profile as a rookie. A rookie, right? No, no, no. Con nipple news. Nothing. You wanna, you stay out of all the blogs, just, just playing hard, making, making shit happen. Hitting some threes No player podcast for at least two years. Yeah, I'm not doing that. Yeah. Push that on the side. Don't worry about about that. I Like, I I like listening. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You don't need to do it. Maybe, maybe much later in your career. I'm trying to think what else. Well, plus it's gonna take everybody like half a year to realize how to pronounce your name. 'cause you have like a deceiving name.


'cause it looks like it should be Kopple, but it's Kniple. So you a lot of mispronunciations coming outta the gate then people get used to that. But then I think the big moment will be when you go against Clay and it like, like how that interaction goes. Does he be like, Hey man, I've been following you. Good luck man. You, you remind me a lot of me back in the day, like one of those to try to psych you out and then he'll put on like 20 on you in the first half. In the first, yeah, in the first quarter probably. Yeah. He'll try to rope AIA with some sort of compliment and then, Yeah. Which, which guy are you the most excited to go against? Just from like a grown up as a basketball fan? Just being on the same court with somebody?


No, it's probably Steph, LeBron. Yeah, I would imagine. Yeah. Like, like that's, I mean, for me that's like peak basketball. I'm in like middle school for those four finals in a row. Right. And that's like, those are like when LeBron had the 20 whole 2018 run, even though they didn't have a chance. Like he was awesome. And then obviously the three one stuff. But yeah, probably those guys and then Giannis in there. And I just wanna see what it's like to play against Yoic too. Like how horrible that is because he's, I don't think it's fun. Yeah, I mean he just seems like he's, the fact that he took OKC to seven is incredible.


Like, I just a, after watching KC in the Western conference finals and so far in the finals, it's like, man, that guy is so good. Yeah. Well, what do, do you think Cooper on Dallas, do you think that team can be good right away? Like him and Davis Kyrie comes back? Yeah. Are you expecting them to be like, immediately good? Yeah, I think so. I, because it'll be weird. I mean, I don I don't know who's gonna guard, like is Cooper getting the like third best defender? Right. You know what I mean? Like that, that's a good, really good situation to come into as a rookie. And I think it'll be able to let him have the ball in his be able to play, make and, and you know, Kyrie's gonna have the ball in his hands.


David's gonna have his ball, the ball in his hands. But I really think Cooper, that'll be a really good spot for him right away. At least to be able to come in, contribute in a big way, and then it'll be, I I think it'll be on a good team. Yeah. Like that's where it's not just like, you know, empty calories for, for a team that isn't, isn't really maybe not going anywhere. But I think, I think that'll, that'll feel his fire. You know, He wants to win. Well, what interesting is it's a, it's a weird team for him, but not really, because I feel like he actually could defend threes. Like if they played him in a center in Davis altogether, he could actually pull it off. It doesn't seem like, yeah, that would be the best way to use him, but he could definitely do it.


And Now you have like all this size in a league where everybody's trying to go smaller and that would be like a bitch to play against when you think about it. Especially if it's like, it's lively. Right. You know, like it's lively who can move, ad can move. Yeah. And Cooper obviously is super fluid, so like it could have some like dangerous like switching. Oh yeah, Yeah. Like, it'll be very interesting to see. Well, and then the stuff he started to do at Duke, even as the season went along where they were initiating the offense through him and he was point forwarding, you know, some of these plays, which is basically what happened with Tatum with the Celtics over the course of he, they weren't doing that with him in 18 and around, you know, early 2000 twenties it started happening more.


And then by 22 he was really comfortable with it and it seems like Cooper was comfortable with it right away. It's something, you know, that's gonna be a next step for you too, trying to figure out can we run offense through him versus always having a run him off step. Right. Yeah, definitely. I mean, as a, as a player, you wanna be able to contribute in as many facets of the game as you can. So I think definitely for me going forward, like I, I played a lot in ball screens this year, but that's something I wanna get, get better at. Yeah. And then for Cooper, for Cooper going forward, I think it's something that comes pretty naturally too. Him and, and will be like if you watch the Pacers, they have so many guys that can initiate offense and that's what makes them so dangerous and how they can play so fast.


So I think that's probably where the game is gonna keep going. Yeah. They it, I do feel like it's some new version of basketball. I was thinking that when I was, it was it, nobody had the ball for too long. Everybody was cutting and moving and multiple guys on each team we're trying to create plays like as the initiator Yeah. Versus like the basketball we've had forever where it's one guy, everybody stands around. Right. One guy, one come, one pickup, play The Mark Jackson backing everybody down. Yeah. Three guys are just standing in their spots and it feels like this is a more fun version. I don't know how many teams are gonna be able to play that style, but we'll see. All right. Well I'm glad you have a good head on your shoulders.


I'm glad, I'm glad, I'm glad that we'll put that picture on social. You reading my book when you were a kid? 'cause that really cracked me up. That book has some inappropriate words and jokes in there. Yeah. So I'm, I'm glad I was able to corrupt you. It definitely does. It's it's probably not for the 10-year-old years or whatever. Yeah, I was, but I'm, I'm, I'm glad, especially with all the, you know, the pop culture references and that stuff, that stuff too. Me and my dad's favorite is the re watchable, so. Oh good. What was your, what was your favorite episode? Or wait, did you have like a favorite movie We did. I mean, I, I really enjoy when Kyle Branson with you, so I, I'd probably say like Rudy the Rudy episode because that's one of my favorites.


Oh good. Yeah. He's, but yeah, I mean, my dad, my dad's listening to it all the time. Like he goes whatever he is doing yard work, getting some shots up or something. He's got the headphones in listening to the real watchable. Oh, that's great to hear. Tell him Thank you. Good luck. I hope you, I hope, Hey, wherever you land, I'm sure it's gonna work out, but I hope it would be fun to see you on a team where you could contribute and play right away and, and, you know, keep, keep working your ass off. But thanks for coming on though. I'm rooting for you. Yeah, I really appreciate it. Thank you. All right. Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Eduardo and Gaja. We're, we're really putting them through The Ringer this week, no pun intended. I'm gonna be back on Thursday night after game six.


Me and Zach Lowe and Rob Mahoney. It's probably gonna be an Oklahoma City title because Tyree Hall and Is Hurt, which we cover with Doc Rivers on Monday night. But that will be live on YouTube as well in the Bill Simmons channel. So I will see you on Thursday night. Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in president dc. Gambling problem call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com.


Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 8 3 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 HOPE NY or Text HOPE NY in New York.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA, the official beer partner of the NBA. What do I love about the NBA championship? Well, first of all, I love when the Celtics win, but that's not happening this year. But you know what? I really love the drama, the pressure, everything goes to the highest level. Guys are injured, guys are banged up. Guys are hungry. It just brings out the best of everything. And MLO Bal Ultra is helping you celebrate like a champion with a chance to win your own limited edition championship bottle. Just like those gifted to the NBA players during the championship parade. Enter now at Michelob ULTRA dot com slash courtside slash champs bottles. Michelob Belcher courtside, Victor Solomon Champs bottle sweepstakes, no purchase necessary open to US residence 21 plus ends June 22nd, 2025. See official rules@michelobbelcher.com slash rules for free entry prizes and details. Message and data rates may apply void. Where prohibited.


This episode is brought to by LinkedIn. During the season, every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a hot month or two. You need sustained dominance throughout. While the same is true for your small business, it's not enough to have a great Q2 or even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires. That'll be there for the long haul to find those hires. Use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions. Apply.