
You're listening and watching The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel our friends America's number one sports book and they've made it easier than ever to get in on the action during an NBA playoff game, even after Tip off, just look for the live SGP tab on the FanDuel sportsbook app and build your own bet slip and sit back, relax, track the outcome of your parlay right in the app. And if You don't already have it, download the FanDuel app today to make every moment more The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available. And listen to the end episode for additional details. Must be 21 plus on President select states' Game Pro. Call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com.


Coming up an action packed weekend of NBA Playoff Basketball silla and I broke all of it down and Lottery Karma rankings. Next.


This episode is brought to you by Better Help. There's still a lot of stigma around mental health. Let's change that. This Mental Health Awareness month, let's encourage everyone to get support when they need it. And if you're not sure where to find that support, check out Better help with a network of over 30,000 licensed therapists. They can help you find the right fit. We're all better with help. Visit Better help.com/ Bill Simmons to get 10% off your first month. That's better help HE p.com/ Bill Simmons.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. I have a new rewatch. What's coming for you? Tuesday, not Monday. Tuesday. We did Death Wish with Charles Bronson because it is big ass seventies month. So the reason it's Tuesday instead of Monday is because I'm gonna do a podcast on Monday. We are gonna do a podcast after Celtics, Nicks and after the lottery and just doing it. And I think the schedule might be Sunday, Monday, Wednesday, and either Thursday or Friday this week. So I think I'm doing four on this feed this week. So re watchable will be Tuesday. That's Death Wish. You can watch it on Ringer movies as well. You can watch all the YouTube clips videos, live stuff from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel.


Illa and I, we, we recorded a bunch of this earlier today, right after the Denver OKC game. And then the top part of the podcast is right after Cleveland, Indiana, which was an absolute debacle for one of those two teams. We're gonna talk about it next first, our friends from Pro Jam.


All right, taping this top part of the podcast. Here it is, seven 30 Pacific Time. We're doing it during the Cavs Pacers game because that game ended about an hour ago, even though they're still playing it right now. And James Johnston just came in. The Pacers 25 assists in the first half, which is a number I did not know was Attainable. And they absolutely ran Cleveland off the floor. And just when you thought it couldn't get worse, the third quarter started and Donovan Mitchell was nowhere to be seen because he apparently hurt his ankle. And the calves are now down three to one, heading back to Cleveland for Game five. And the Pacers have completely, thoroughly, totally and unequivocally outplayed them and have momentum. And this is now looking really dangerous. Not just for this season Illa for the Cavaliers, but big picture.


If you get wiped out like this by the Pacers, I'm not sure what you do heading into the summer and I'm not even sure what the fixes are. And maybe you look at it and you take a breath and you go, all right, just wasn't our round. I guess let's run it back. We, we won 64 games. I find it hard to believe that's how it would play out because this is really bad how this has played out. Yeah, the assist number, at one point it was 20 to two in Team Assists and you know, they're just flying around. I mean this game is like overwhelming. I'm, I'm still a little in shock.


Now look, two things here. If Cleveland goes 82 and oh and they lose a series, they go 82 and oh, next year no one's going to care because people are gonna say there's this fundamental flaw with this team. If you're Cleveland, you're gonna probably run it back and you'll start to make excuses, which I think, think are worth bringing up. If you go game two, we're missing Garland. We're missing, yeah, Mobley, we're missing Hunter. And you still, if you inbound the basketball, you could win that game. Yeah, Mitchell leaves, they were, they weren't coming back in this game. Even with Mitchell being out and you'd like, Hey, Garland was never really right. Now I know, like I'm not sitting here suggesting that's the only reason you're here. But that's probably what they would do, wouldn't they?


I think you're right. But I'm also stunned that it was this much of an ass kicking today. Because usually game four is the, like what we watched and we're, we're gonna talk about later in the podcast, that OKC Denver game where both teams kind of realize the stakes in the moment and what needs to happen. There's a level of intensity and and there's a caring that usually exists in a game like this. And from Cleveland, from the get go, you didn't see it. They weren't rotating on defense, they were just getting sliced and diced on that three, two zone. And I, I think the thing that really stands out to me beyond just the talent and whether it might, this might not be a great matchup for Cleveland Indie's feisty, they play with a real chip on their shoulder.


They've done that all year. They love playing really good teams or teams with great players. Like they, with the Lakers, the Celtics, like whoever it is, they really come out with their chest puffed out. They try to start shit, their agitators. They have a real personality to them and they kind of know who they are. They have a real identity. And for whatever reason Cleveland feels like it's losing its identity as these playoffs go along. It's like, what is this team? Alan had a 19 and 12 in game three and in game four he got buried in the first half as that went sideways. But they, they have the, the Garland piece, which I know he is been hurt. He, he, you know, I know his stats are okay today, but he looks okay, not great, but you would think like they're equipped to, to fill in if he's hurt or playing 80% 'cause of how deep their bench is.


And then the bench didn't show up and then Mitchell basically was super human in game two and three, right? He did so much like his body ended up breaking down from it. It just feels like if these teams played 20 times, I'm not sure how it would go for, for Cleveland. So I can't decide is this a bad matchup? Could this have happened if they played Milwaukee? Like what big picture, what does this mean? Was this like a, like a mid 2000 tens Atlanta Hawks type team? Is there a road back for them? I'm just, I'm swimming with questions and I have no answers. Yeah, there's a tweet, I think it's right. I dunno, didn't double check it. But if you look at where Cleveland was this season, right?


So 14 teams in NBA history that won at least 64 games and posted a barge of victory of Niner points nine points or better. Yeah. 13 reached the NBA finals. The only team that didn't was the 1516 San Antonio Spurs, right? Zza Kauai. So was that that Year or the, wasn't that the year after 17? That was the R'S first Warriors year, right? That 16 team, that was that weird NBA season where there weren't a lot of good teams that year remember? And they did, they did well. But it was, you know, we, we weren't ever really, it was always the Warriors year. It always seems like it was gonna be the Warriors in the Cals. It was, It was 17. So yeah. Yeah.


Look, I, I mean this is, this is pretty ridiculous that you would be this good and then all of a sudden like is it, is it just a bad matchup part of it? You know, the crazy thing about Cleveland like going into the year, it was how are you gonna figure out a way to win in the playoffs with the Alan Mobley piece of it? Well, Mobley got better. Atkinson staggered them. You know, I always think about that Cleveland comeback against Boston and Boston where they closed with Hunter and Mobley and took Alan off of Flora 'cause they didn't like the way Tatu was getting outta it switches. So I was like, oh is this something that we'll see in the play? Like all of these basketball things that you would think that are part of the conversation, you know, it doesn't really apply tonight. You're sitting there looking at, hey are they ignoring, ignoring any of these guys in the space? It's like no Indiana's actually getting anything they want.


I think the most impressive thing from this game, which is also part of what I think is absolutely correct is that the Pacers have this real edge to 'em is whatever they did from game three to game four in preparation of this three two zone that Cleveland runs, they figured it out and the coaching staff prepped these guys great. The execution of it was terrific. And you could see that Cleveland was scrambling because you know really the zone stuff that we're seeing constantly throughout these playoff games, everybody knows this. You just gotta figure out a way to get it to collapse. You gotta get away to to attack the middle and then you can attack off of that because you're trying to keep the ball outta the middle. They ran, yeah, the roller Going down the middle and then either he goes to the rim or it kicks it back out and they were doing it perfectly today.


Yeah, they had a pick and roll with top and at the free throw line he rolls and then guess who he's finishing against? 'cause Mobley was at the top, like when this thing was working in game three, you're going, my God, Mobley is chasing everybody around and contesting and trapping and screwing up the first thing that you wanna do. You have the luxury of having Evan Mobley at the top of a two three zone, or excuse me, a three two zone because Alan can play underneath them well and these minutes were to and was destroying them in the first half. Alan was out. So then they switched it to Mobley underneath, then the Pacers got another good look. Yeah. And then they brought him back and then they went to man and then Turner hit a three. And then there was another play where they were like, okay, I think we have this again. They, they're down so big you can't say, hey now we're settled on defense, we know what we're gonna do.


And then Knee Smith hits an end of a shock clock. So like everything that possibly could have worked out, I think started with them having a much better plan and being way more comfortable with a three two that even TJ McConnell admitted and that screwed us up a little bit there in game three. So Cleveland thinks they have this answer, they have this defensive thing that they can do, especially when it's those two guys and yet they got destroyed in a bunch of different versions of it tonight. Right. And the Pacers, I say this as the highest compliment I can give 'cause I really love this theme, but they were, they look a little 2014 Spurs ish at times with the way they play with each other and the ball moves around with the added bonus that I think they're a really good transition team.


And Halliburton, you know, especially in a game like today when there was one pass he threw, he is at Midco and he just threw this lo pass in the corner almost like watching a quarterback throw a lead pass to a receiver down the sidelines. He just casually threw it and he had a guy running down and caught it like in stride, stopped and had a look. And I was like, this team sees angles that I don't normally see when I'm watching basketball. They really have fun playing with each other. They have all these guards. They pressure full court. I think they're a huge pain in the ass to play. I think you wanna punch 'em in the face after like game two, which we saw today, Rin, you know, goats hunter into a thing and then thinks he's the smart guy and then they review it and they're like, no actually you're getting tossed but they just wanna get under your skin.


And I think they're annoying to play. I I, it's no surprise to Celtics fans because this is a team that has come every time they played the Celtics, they brought it, they start shit, they're really hard to play. They have a deep bench, they're really good at home. They get a good crowd and I think they're for real. I thought they were for real all year. I, with that said, I'm shocked that Cleveland could look this bad in an important game. And I don't know whether Mitchell, it took so much for him those first couple days with, you know, such a burden. I'm not sure. I just think basketball's really hard now in 2025. You know, it's, it's you when you have those games like that game that he had when he was literally dead at the end of the game and you're doing everything, all the running and all the contact and the amount of times he was bouncing against people and finishing and I don't know, I I I, I hate to shit on the old generations 'cause you know, I love all that basketball but I just think it's harder.


I think these games are harder. I think they're more physical, they're more taxing and it's a lot to ask from these dudes to put an offense on your back like that, you know? Yeah. I mean that might be, I mean I'm open for anything but to come out that flat and to let it get away from you that much and you know, you still felt like the frontline depth Cleveland versus Indiana. Like at what point would you have gone, you know, I think Miles Turner's gonna be able to hold up here. I mean every backup center minute for the Pacers this year, 'cause they lost so many guys' injuries. You're thinking like, how are they gonna ride this out with Turner? 'cause it still felt like Turner was somebody that you could attack. Granted the shooting that he gives you and the spacing opens up a lot of the stuff that you're talking about and how they're able to attack. But it's just crazy to see 48 hours later this looked like a completely different series.


Especially when yeah, you know, the cap should be able to win a game on the road, which we saw. They've gotta be kicking their ass still from game two for allowing that to happen. So there's part of me that still thinks like, man, if they had just inbounded, okay, then today happens and then it's two two. So, so where are we going with all this stuff? But I mean Cleveland, if they don't win this series, which it doesn't look like is gonna happen down three one now they are gonna be like completely written off. And if they run the same group back, which is usually the default of what a GM would do, be like, Hey, we're really good. This is what we did in the regular season. We had our hiccups that we mentioned at the top, which I'm say, I'm sure they would say internally with each other, but this was just alarming to start a game that matters. This mo matters this much.


Yeah. And just at no like, hey it's 20. Okay, well now it's 30 and then it's 40. It just was an ass kicking and I'm, I'm still kind of shocked Me too. Well then if you're the Celtics, you win this game on Saturday, you have this Knicks game on Monday that's I think one of the biggest Knicks games of this century. But now you're looking at, hey if we can just, we've outplayed the Knicks for 93% of this series, let's take care of business win three more. We're gonna have home court for round three potentially with Indiana, right? So it goes from, let's say, let's say even say it goes to seven and they're able to hold on and beat the Nixon seven and game one of the next series is in Boston on a Wednesday.


You know, and you get the game seven potentially in home two. It's an amazing turn of events when you consider a team won 64 games in the conference. And you know, I, I really believed in Cleveland. I thought this was gonna be a really hard series. 'cause I'm also, as we talked about many times, I just really thought Indiana was good, but I really was sold on Cleveland as a team. I thought they had a bench. I believed in Mitchell as a, as a guy who could be the number one guy in a potential finals team, thought they were there defensively. But the signs that were there, if you're really looking back, we talked about it some with the net rating for the last 25 games, last 30 games. And they just were better the first 30, 35 games than they were the rest of the year.


And the defensive stuff was the stuff that I think there were some subtle red flags. They just weren't a top five or six defense anymore really from the Allstar break on. And the question was why? What was happening? And then you see like today, you know there he's When did he put Aqua? Yeah, a Quora was in there a bunch. But he's, I almost felt like Atkinson was grasping for straws a little bit in this game. Like he's just trying lineups in players. I'm saying the first half like, ah, I hope O Cho has something. It's like, wow, you guys are at that stage. You're at the, I hope o Cho can give us an offensive boost stage of the season When a cho got in there. It felt like it was, it was kind of already over.


But yeah, they're down 30 Tide, Jerome comes in and you're hoping like he can kind of be tied Jerome, he's been, he's been awesome. And even in the game where he had a lot of, a lot of points. I mean he took 20 shots. You're like man, a playoff game with Jerome taking 20 shots. Like we like him, but I dunno if I like him that much. And you would've thought like, can he at least, you know, not to be TJ McConnell, but can he be somebody who gets you into some really good stuff as you're trying to figure out the Garland situation with him being out and then that turns into a disaster Hunter today, five points, five fouls. So that acquisition hasn't paid the dividends that you'd expect it to have. The rebounding numbers.


Like granted Indiana didn't miss, so there weren't a ton of potential rebounds, but 47 combined minutes when I wrote it down, when it was what, 98, 64, those guys combined had seven rebounds. Again, it also speaks to how well the Pacers are shooting the ball. But I'm gonna ask you this because as much as we're talking about the Pacers, like hey, they're a feisty team, they're gonna be a tough out defensively. You're right. Like you start looking at the defensive rating as teams are closing the season after the Allstar break. The Pacers were eighth. Yeah. You know, it's a team that went 20 and nine. Some of the Cleveland slip off. I think at the time we were like, all right, is that real or is this the team that's just been cruising to the one seed the entire time? Yeah, that the one seed locked. Yeah. So I mean there's, there's ways you can look at that saying, hey, the Pacer's number feels more real because they're closing and they're kind of fighting for everything and the PA and the calves on the other side of it.


Like whatever. But let's just say the Pacers get through the East. Okay. I mean, have you ever thought of Halliburton as a top 10 player in the NBA? I don't know if I still would even if they got to the finals. So it's kind of like whenever I looked at the Pacers, I'm like, man, there's a lot of this stuff to like, I don't know if they're really gonna go with this rotation. Are they really gonna play this many guys? And the answer's yes, the defensive part of it has been real in the way that they've closed. Because last year I just thought they were complete like all right, whatever. Like cool that you're in the Eastern Conference finals. But I mean I, I don't really take you seriously defensively, Right? They got some luck, Right? This would be unlike the blueprint that we, of all the things that you think are real in the NBA, yeah.


You go all right, well who's your best guy? And like who's your second best guy? The Pacers even the biggest Halliburton fan. Like don't check that box. And I think that's the, But that's why the comparison is that Circle back to, But that's why the 2014 spurs, that's what made me think of, that's what this feels like a little bit if that's how it played out. Because remember Dunkin's at slightly different stage of his, his he's at the tail taille end of a really great career as like a guy who could be a 35 minute a game guy for somebody. Kawhi wasn't Kauai yet and Parker was probably the most talented guy in the team in terms of where he was in his career.


Dio was there, Geno's older, you know, but the team made sense when you saw everybody together. And I think Indiana has a little of that. The team kind of makes sense when you watch 'em. And I do think they have, even though they're not a traditional awesome defense, they do like Ne Smith's a really good defender. Like if, if you're just throwing him on whoever the best perimeter guy is on another team, you can feel pretty good about that. You know, they hit threes and they're deep and they really like to play with each other and they really, I feel like have an identity, which is all I'm looking for. When we get to mid-May, do you have an identity? And that's what's weird about Cleveland is what's your identity now?


'cause you're not great on defense. You're very Mitchell heavy. I'm not positive who your best five guys are. Yeah. But we know who their best four guys are. That was the whole point of this team is we know their four were Who's the fifth guy though? It's a kind of a big thing. 'cause you have two bigs and two smalls and then it's like four Dan Hunter. I don't know that I'm ready to audit the calves and that those four guys just aren't that good now. I mean who cares who their fifth is saying that when those are your four, Was it saying they weren't good? Is there a level? I Just don't care who their, I just don't care who their fifth guy is when it's, when it's that good of a four or at least it's supposed to be that good of a four.


Yeah, I think you're right about the Mitchell part of it where, I don't Know, do you love the Allen part? I mean he sucks Now How long's the list? Do you love him though? I think every team would like Jared Allen. Yeah. I don't know. I watched some toe to toe against Indiana and I, I just, it's not like, I'm like whoa, there's so much talent. It's not like the Celtics nickers, we like what's going on? The Celtics have a better team than the Knicks. How is this happening? I don't know if I feel that way when I'm watching Cavs Pacers. I don't know how you could feel any other way after what, we just sat there for two hours. So you know, I didn't expect you to start sitting here and be like, you know who's awesome is Jared Allen.


I, I just think that there was like 82 regular season games where this team was historically really good now and maybe that's another part of this conversation. Home road, Do we care? Doesn't matter anymore. 20 point leads, do We care about regular season at all? Don't matter anymore. Your net rating doesn't matter anymore. Like all of these things now, like are we just going decide that the things we've always believed in, none of it matters. 'cause I mean Cleveland is checking a lot of boxes being down three one here. It's the part that doesn't make sense to me. It was why I liked them as a possible finals team because I felt like they had all the things I was looking for except for I wasn't positive who the fifth guy is.


But I like stru. It's like all right, if he's your F guy and he's, but at least you had a St. Stre gonna have to make some big shots in the corner. I feel like he could maybe do that. Yeah, There was three guys though you could throw into that conversation of like who would be, now granted you probably wouldn't play Jerome with Garland and Mitchell, but you know, Meryl's played a lot. Hunter is supposed to be better than this. You know, even Dean Wade who gets attacked defensively all the time because it's like, oh I got him and then he holds up really well. Yeah, there's, there's a lot of little pieces there that even if you're saying like, Hey I don't know who the fifth guy is, A lot of teams would take all of those options. But this is, look if the Well with the Celtics Go ahead. It's Prichard and then who are my other four Whatcha talking about?


Oh I'm joking. I was just trying to figure out my five. I start with Pritchard. Oh I see What you're saying. Probably Tatum second. Yeah. Are you sure Prichard, are you ready for Pritchard versus TJ McConnell in the PN commercial is 30 Shots For round For Pritchard in a playoff game. Look man, That's like one every two, every three minutes. I just can't believe they would come out that bad. Like normally even if you're gonna lose this game, like get it to 12, get it to 12 a little later, you know, that's usually how these games work, Right? Well all right, so like you mentioned, I think later in the pod you mentioned the 64 Wind Suns team that just got waxed.


We had those Hawks teams in the mid 2000 tens. Like we've seen successful teams crater at the wrong time in the playoffs and every time it's confusing. The bigger question to me is after it happens, is there a road back? Because the only time I could think of a road back where the road actually came back was that Spurs the Ray Allen shot and then they came back and they even think like, oh man, that's it. They're never coming back from that. And then they came back the next year, the Celtics in 23, Miami losing the first three where it's like, that's it. Blow this thing up, this is a wrap.


Then they came back and they won the next three. It's like, all right, what is it up Tatum got hurt in game seven, maybe we just need to trademark as smart and Grant Williams and you know, fix around the edges. But normally when it goes bad like this and you really take a shit in a series, it usually doesn't come back. Like that's usually we look back and be like, ah, when they start making like a big trade two years later we're like ah, we should have known. 'cause that series in 25 when that Pacers game, like we should have known that was when we knew that that nucleus wasn't gonna work. It's, you see how it goes. Couple things. One, that Hawks team that won 60 games in 14 and 15, Artificially inflated 60.


I just don't think they were that good. Yeah, well they were compared to when you look at the net rating points per possession, all that shit, they were not at the level of what this Cal team was, but you know, no, I mean they were, they didn't win like 64 games one of those years though. Or 62. I think it's just 60 that one year where they made to the Eastern conference finals and they got swept. But I'm doing a seven part documentary about them. I gotta figure it Out. No, that's gonna be exciting. Lemme know when you wanna do the Kevin Willis episode. Got We got a lot, we got a lock down. Joe Johnson still trying to get an interview with him. So you know when that Hawks team comes up short, you're also going up against LeBron. Yep.


So Did you ever go on the radio and say, I think they could upset LeBron or were you always like, I've never taken this seriously ever at any point? No, I remember that team annoyed me because they wanted like five guys in the All Star team because they were in first place. Yeah, they, they're like, yeah, that's probably not a great way of doing the Allstar roster. Five, maybe an exaggeration, maybe it was four. But then if you look at the Celtics part of it, I mean that's why when we're sitting here like this is gonna be ugly for Cleveland, like I said, like it's gonna be really ugly going, okay this, it goes from, okay, there's new coach, you figured some things out, they're even better now, coach of the year type of stuff.


And then no one's gonna care. No one's gonna care about any of it because now they're gonna say that this group just is incredibly flawed. Well and then you have this squandered opportunity of whether the Celtic come out of this round two series or not. Either way it's gonna be a six or seven gamer with some attrition and then Cleveland would add the home court in that one. And Boston's a team they've always played well against, and Mitchell's always done well against the Celtics. Now you're like, whoa, we blew, like what if the Knicks end up beating the Celtics? I'm like, we could fucking played the Knicks in round three. But you know, the thing is is after this series and the way this has looked, they shouldn't be saying that about anybody. True.


How healthy do you think Garland is? Gimme a percent Healthy enough to be out there. I mean he's made some plays falling down twice, not being touched probably isn't a great time. He fell down and got a foul call in today's game where I'm like, he just fell down and then he had a play in game three where he like lost the ball. He just tried to cut forward and then then fell down again. So, you know, I don't know if that's in the, the flow of the game or whatever, but I, I thought at least game three it's like okay, you know, he's out there. I, you know, I don't think maybe he's marginalized a little bit, but I don't, you know what, I don't see multiple moments where I'm like, oh my God, this guy shot. I can't believe he's out on the floor. Are you Didn't look this didn't was, I wouldn't say he was skipping around a hundred percent, but he wasn't bad.


He wasn't compromised. Certainly was. It didn't really affect either way. I thought it was more the pacers were just extraordinary and also really seemed to think they could be equivalent. That's an, that's a, that was another lesson this game. Like they were like, we're fucking beating these guys today. This is happening, we're beating these guys. And I don't know, This might be, you know, the times we've argued about it in the past, but even with the health luck that they had against the opponents during the playoffs last year, just getting the Easter conference finals and you know, probably feeling like you were a lot closer with Boston than the series played out. I mean getting swept kind of separates the men from the boys in those closing moments.


You're like okay, you're not actually at this level despite running around for two hours, but maybe that's all they needed and the strong close and the guy like Halliburton who does not care, which is why I think so many players despise him. But you need somebody like that. You need somebody who thinks, especially when you have that many times with the ball and, and everything that you're controlling there, you have to think you're better than everybody else. And he carries himself that way. And look, I mean depending on where he is, I think I voted him all NBA. I know it kind of came down to like the last few names. There's like three, yeah, for one spot or maybe four names for two spots. And I know some people are probably split, so I don't know if he's gonna make 13 all NBA but I voted for him.


I'm pretty sure I did. I kind of forget some of this stuff. You did. I didn't. Okay. I didn't mean to do it to you that way. That's how I brought it up. I stand by the, it was a regular season vote. I voted for big Jim Hardin over him. Yeah, it's a regular Season Vote. Feel great about it. Not especially, not right now. No, I don't feel awesome. I'm not gonna high five myself in the bear afterwards. Should they Give us, should the NBA like hit us up a week or two into the playoffs and be like, anything you want to tweak? I know this is a bear, they should give you one mul again, I swear to God every time like somebody, it becomes public and then it's like, oh this guy did this. And sometimes I think it's 'cause the person just does it.


And then there's just that moment where you're like, well somebody left Franz off of all NBA first and second and then I'm like immediately going back to check my ballot. Yeah, yeah. Because you're just horrified that you're gonna make some mistake. But I don't think the NBA can go over our ballots and go, are you sure about that dude? Although I'd love it. What's the weirdest possible finals we can have that actually might happen now? Is it Indiana and Minnesota, Golden State and Minnesota, or excuse me. Well what's the weirdest possible? Well I, you Know, weirdest possible that could actually happen. Like could, that Could actually happen. Yeah, Indiana and Minnesota is a finals that could actually happen. Wouldn't Denver Pacers be weirder? I Mean the a BA part would be weirder, but Yage being in the finals, I'm just trying to picture like a finals that people in our life who don't really fall basketball.


Like my mom, like who's in the finals this year And I'm like, it's Indiana against Minnesota and like what? Or my wife That's one of those. Yeah, Minnesota has this guy Anthony Edwards who's in an Adam Sandler movie and Indiana, Indiana just has a bunch of guys you've never heard of. But they're really fun to play or fun to watch. And that's gonna be our finals. I would, I would be defending, we would be defending ourselves against the ratings argument that would come out then that probably wouldn't be a great time for some of the current back and forth Pacers t Wolfs. Okay. They shouldn't have, shouldn't have Shut your blood, shut your a little early.


You see some of the players tweets. It's all connected By the way. You know, it would be a really good finals. India and Minnesota. I would really enjoy those games. Good battle. I, I guess I don't look at like Minnesota as surprising, but they're another team. You know, Western Conference finals, same as the Pacers Eastern Conference finals. I felt like Minnesota had a much better chance in that series than the Pacers did last year. Maybe. I don't know. This sounds stupid, but what we just do, I mean we're not even there yet. We're not even through the second round. So probably like Due for just like a completely wacko Yeah. Are we just due for one of these instead of every year going, okay, it's this team versus that team. All right, well they have the, one of the five best players in the world and they have two of the 10 best players in the world and that's the way this sport works.


I have the conference odds from right before round one in Indiana I thought was a great bet and I actually had that in my picks. Indiana was 28 to one to win the east. Which I thought those are like just great odds. I don't, not saying it's gonna happen, it's just 28 to one playing Milwaukee and round one. It's just good odds. Minnesota was 20 to one to win the West. Right. And if you looked at that one, kind of the same thing where you go, all right, well if they get through round one, they're playing the winner of Houston Golden State in round two, they could potentially win that. And then who knows, they they love playing OKC. But anyway, 28 to one versus 20 to one would be a, a very, very high parlay if you did that one.


UN FanDuel Denver was 15 One by the way. Did they really? Yeah. So maybe some momentum we pause the Pod Cleveland was plus 180 5 to win the conference and the Celtics were minus 1 45 and the Knicks were 12 to one Some tough minutes. Alright. And I'm way more nervous about the Celtic game now since we did the pod since, which hasn't even been on this. The people listening, we haven't even gotten to that yet. It's about 40 minutes from now. But I started thinking about this Indiana game made me now nervous that the salt, the just, you always think you know what, it's gonna happen again. It's like game four everyone. Oh it's gonna be SL fest, everyone's gonna show up.


And then I watch this, I'm like, all right and now I'm nervous again. I dunno what to expect anymore. I I, I mean it's just, is it the most impressive win of any game in the playoffs so far? Right? Well mainly 'cause it feels like they kind of broke the calves. I think that was the more impressive part. They Broke me a little Bit. It was like whoa. It's like one of those football games where you think the Cowboys lose 47 to 17 in round one. You're like, oh my god you didn't just lose. Like I don't even know what you should do this summer now. All right, before we go to break, did you see the movie Nanas on Netflix? Not yet. Vince Vaughn, Joe Mangen.


Yeah. Excited Susan Sarandon. Age 78. Looks great. You've always liked her. Looks great. Talia Shire, Lorraine Brocko. Nice. Brenda Vaccaro. It's I, I had no idea. My wife and daughter just wanted to watch it on Friday night. Had no idea I was getting Dr. Melfi, I was getting Adrie Balboa, I was getting, I don't know. Was she Thelma or Louise? Susan Sranan. I haven't seen it yet. One of those. I'm just in Thelma Louise. I can't remember which one she was but yeah. Interesting movie made me think the stunt casting, it's still works.


I really liked it. Thumbs up notice thumbs up. Thumb thumbs up. Two thumbs up. Alright, I'll have to check it out. Yeah, I just saw it because it just came out right? Yeah. Staten Island Italian restaurant movie. I decided I like all food movies too. Trying to think of one that I even like Burnt with Bradley Cooper. I love Chef with John Favreau Hot. The movie Big Night Hot Dog movie was not a food movie, it was a ski movie. Oh Yeah. I like food movies. Chef, you said you like chef a lot.


Yeah, I like Chef. Do you like the bear a lot? You like the bear a lot, right? Enjoy the Bear Bear's coming back mid, mid-June. Big staff. We dumping 'em all at once. A lot Of overhead. Filmed two seasons at once apparently. We're gonna take a break. Did you get any feedback for your Star Wars cameo in the Star Wars re Watchable? Yeah I did. I got a little, I got a little feedback on that and Pete, I had somebody say to me, you definitely rigged that with Silla. Everybody Thinks that. Yeah, He was too ready for it. I was like, I promise you there was no rigging. We have no idea if he's ever gonna pick up the phone. And I never tell him I'm calling or what the movie is. You've never told me I even missed the Blues Brothers one.


And I was upset because I was like, I used to love that movie when I was a kid. Yeah, the corner of the cob line to this day, you know my dad. And I'll throw that one at each other every now and then. And I called back and you were like, you missed your window. So it's a very rigid system. And after the blue chips won and now this one people are accusing me of of having all this prepared, which you know, look, I'm probably due for a dud One where you're just saying eh. And then I stay on seen it Once you start Adlibbing I just start getting, I'm getting stuff wrong, likewise injury. So I'll just be like, yeah, I don't know, indoor thing. And the E watcher like dude that's the third one.


Like, but it's in advance of the back. It's the sixth one. All right, we're gonna take a break. Come back and talk rest of the playoffs.


This episode is brought to you by degree, original, cool Rush deodorant. Remember last year people got really mad when Degree changed their cool rush formula. One dude even started a petition. What was up with that guy? Well guess what degree listened. They admitted they messed up. They're bringing back the original cool rush cent and thank God you've gotta love what a brand can own its mistakes. And it's in Walmart, target and other stores right now for under $4. Grab some find out why it's been the number one men's and to purse sprint for the last decade. And by the way, you should put that on. Especially we're about to hit the summer, it's getting sweaty in the summers, the original degree cool rushes back and it smells like victory for all of us.


Happy Mother's Day out there to all the mothers who are not watching right now. I think it's the hardcore sports fans. I have my mother-in-law and my mother in my house right now who don't understand why I had to record a podcast with my guy Ryen Russillo. But listen, OKC Denver game four, there was a lot of things going on that game moved to a whole other level of storylines, things I was just really intrigued by things I wanted to find out answers I needed. And I'll start here. Illa really hard for Denver to score against a team as incredible defensively as OKC. And I don't know how they're going to win two more of these.


What OKC was doing defensively, especially in the fourth quarter I thought was pretty bonkers. It's pretty, pretty, pretty high level and it made up for all their weird offensive stuff. It's just when they wanna get stops it just feels like it's like a miracle when you're scoring against them. So that was my biggest takeaway. What was yours? That I cannot believe I didn't have every dollar in my account assigned to the under in this Hit. The one, what was it, 1 79? It was something like that. 2 27 was the number. And by the way that Aaron Gordon three, it was OKC minus six at 90 what? 84? Yeah. Yeah. So I'm sitting there and you and I had talked after game three, I've had anxiety, I don't even care who wins, right?


I've had anxiety watching both of these games. Like I've, I've never really quite felt like this because they're such grinds and game three was just a grind. And of course 'cause of what we do, you're watching the game constantly thinking about all the different things. You're like at one point when OKC was down, I'm wondering if you're gonna start sitting here saying, is there, who's Mon Jang, Jalen Brown match at some point or something like, you know, who knows where gonna go? 'cause if OKCs down three one, like we start talking about all the different storylines, which I still want to get to. But knowing that they had to play that game and then play this one less than 48 hours later. And in Denver I just kept thinking about legs and who would have energy and it's the worst scoring first quarter we'd had in the playoffs.


Like a tide for the worst ever combined. I mean it just, it's an absolute grind. And Denver, I mean it was aligned Somehow worse. It was worse to watch than the score, which was an awful score. The actual shots of the way people were missing and how far off everything was. It was like eight points felt like a miracle. I was like surprised Denver had eight points. It was so bad. But it, it made sense. It made sense. And then when they talked to Chet, you know, even him, this young guy, great athlete and I thought, you know, I know the sideline stuff gets a lot of grief and, and maybe we're guilty of it at times too, but I thought there was a lot of really good sideline stuff and Chet was incredibly honest being like, you know, 48 hours or maybe even said 36 hours later.


And so the start of this game was not, yeah, he was Surprising was what was he said, he said this is basically a back to back and this is what when we were talking on Friday, we were like, I mean that game Friday was, was just immense. And we were like, God damn they have to play Sunday afternoon after that. 'cause it felt like two playoff games on Friday. And, and that's what I do love about this because we closed the season with Denver, you know, being the worst defensive team going into the playoffs to change over their coach. You're curious about what the rotation would be. Remember when picket closed against Sacramento in the regular season? You're like, okay, this is what Edelman's gonna do and you're like, or he's not gonna do any of that stuff. But so you're left with, 'cause there's, look, there's so much that I wanna get to here, but you're left with just a, I don't know if it's a sinking feeling, overwhelming feeling that Denver can't get two more against the thunder.


Well here's what we found out. I mean we could cover each team. What we found out with Denver is they're down to six guys and one of them was Westbrook who could not make a shot today. Right? And was basically they, they weren't even guarding him. Pick Strather and Watson were the two that played the Watson Minutes will not be released as a 4K hd DVDI don't think anytime soon. Yoki looked just like they were just beating him with a two by four and they were doing exactly what they should do against him. They were trying to wear him down. It was so hard for them to get good shots that when they got a good shot, like there was that shot Murray made in the fourth quarter when he went to his left, did a hop step and got like an open 15 footer and it was like wow.


They got space on a jump shot. Like it was like celebration. I, the thing that was crazy to me about OKC in the fourth quarter is Dort wasn't out there for like the last five or six minutes who I voted for defensive player of the year. And they're playing defense like that and they don't even have him out there, you know, but when you think like they just come in waves with, I thought Wallace was great today. Dort Caruso, the Hartenstein and and Holmgren combo. Just ridiculous on Yoic. You think he goes from, he goes from last year the Gobert towns nas just like some twosome of that, the entire series to whatever's happening in this one. It's just, it's a lot man.


I I the, my big takeaway was like I think okay is okay C is better defensively than anyone else's at anything would be how I would say it. That it's like on, when we talk about football and we're like so-and-so's defense is the best thing anyone's got going right now. And it feels like that way with OKC. There's some parallels here with, and we'll see what happens with game forward New York and Boston. But when you think about Boston, the regular season against the Knicks, you see those first two games go the way they go and then when it looks right for Boston, you just go okay, this feels like the significant gap that would lead you to pick Boston against New York and playoff series. And yeah, before we had the final, so these are before the final numbers from today's game, but when they ran through the regular season in playoff results between Denver and OKC, OKC in the wins is like plus 27 and a half better and Denver and their wins are plus six and a half better.


But I'm glad you brought up Caruso because you know the overtime thing and the clutch scoring in this series for OKC has been a mess up until today where Denver I think had, when they put up the clutch number, it was like 4 53 left to go and they had five points up until the Gordon free throw because he was one of two. Yeah. And then he hit the three off of the violation. So you know those points like yeah technically the count as clutch points as as they all do. But it was pretty clear like Denver just wasn't going to get anything offensively. But Caruso like I kept wondering and I think Dagal was looking for this was who's gonna give me energy? Who is going to fight? Yeah. And Caruso had an incredible offensive rebound, kept the play alive, they get to the bonus, he had the strip on Murray, they was just constantly getting in there tipping and active.


And I think that's part of the decision of everybody's dead in game three. So he starts overtime with Chet on the bench and I'm with you. I love the Hartenstein Chet combo for Yoic. 'cause it's just one is always gonna be on you and the other one is always going to be lurking even if, if Aaron Gordon's gonna be hitting threes. So I understand what Dal's kind of like trying to figure out, you know, because he does have all of these options, which made me like the thunder so much, but sometimes that can almost get in your own way. And so it, it's funny, the thing that he probably felt like with Caruso's energy and defense, he was gonna try to get away with it and then OKC falls apart and over time Denver's just running away. They could, they end up going up in the series like how is this happening?


And yet I think the same thing that he was hoping would happen in overtime actually happened. Yeah, I thought Caruso the star of the fourth quarter. It's hard to say he's the story of the game 'cause there's all these different things we can point to. But his effort level when you could tell like this is the youngest team going on this kind of title run. If OKC were to pull this kind of thing off, you're thinking don't their legs despite Denver, you know, having this Bain approach, like we grew up in the darkness. Like this is what we're all about. Like you're gonna be running around mile high Bane approach. Yeah. But you know, you think we are gonna be uncomfortable at home with our resume and what this group has done. Even though I still think them blowing the lead to Minnesota is one of the most surprising results in playoff history. I think Caruso was that guy for the Thunder because even a really young team, like I still think these teams were just dead today considering what they went through on Friday night.


Yeah. I thought it's weird. You almost have to work backwards because they have six guys who could belong out in crunch time. Right. And Caruso was kind of the odd man out in the fourth quarter of game three. Then they're trying to, you would almost think after, especially after watching the game today, you could talk me into Dort replacing Jalen Williams and Jalen Williams if he's gonna be what he was offensively in this game. I voted for him 13 more NBA by the way. But there's a version of them where they just go the two bigs, SGA, Dort and Caruso and that's it. And they just try to lay the defense down as much as they can. I, those are good problems to have. But the big thing that happened today was, you know, SGA was okay, I think he had three shots.


It was the fact that Denver just couldn't score. I think that was the most shocking piece to me. They always figure out how to get shots. I didn't like the shots they were getting. We always talk about that with Denver. Like I just like the shots, I liked the decisions, I trust the Process with them. When the two, when the two man game with Murray and Yoko, which everybody knows is coming, just getting blown up. But all the variations of it. Like in game three it's, it's just funny 'cause you'll watch and go, how come you're not doing this the entire time? But you can't do it against any NBA team, let alone the thunder every single time. But when they, when those two guys get into a rhythm and they're figuring out the switches and they're figuring out the help and then Murray uses one screen and then he uses the second screen on Yoka Chi had a three at the top of the key. I mean this is the same thing that we've seen here for years.


But when it's working, even at times, again against a team with a defensive profile like Oklahoma City, you almost feel helpless. Well you think like game six, game seven against the Clipper series. Right. Those were, I think one day off between those then went right into this series. They had a really tough game. One get killed in Game two, game three Friday night. And this one they, I don't know if some of it is fatigue with Oage from the burden that he has, but I think what was interesting about what, ok and I don't even know how to define this, they sped him up by like fifth of a second with like his touch. Maybe a fourth of a second. Maybe a sixth of a second.


Okay. His touch around the rim, which is usually one of the things that's so crazy when you watch him, you're like, fuck, how does he make these all the time? Totally. Yeah. How does he make these spinning eight footers? How does he make these ones where he is going toward the basket and it, how does the ball just always bounce around the rim and go in for him? What does, what does he do that and they fuck, they somehow fucked that up and now when they say it's like hard back of the rim or it's short or it's like, you know, or it, sometimes it's just off the backboard, but they, they did something to him and I'm really interested to see if he can solve it. 'cause I think he's the best offensive player I've seen since early 2000 tens, LeBron at least. And they've done something to him that they've sped him up and fucked him up.


And now when he takes open threes, they don't seem like they're gonna go in, which is where he was in the Minnesota series when, when that went sideways too. The difference here is that when you have a six man team and a couple of those guys are not guys who can create their own shot really under any circumstance, if he's not gonna shoot a little bit better, I, I just don't see how they get to a hundred points silla like that under being 2 27 was nuts. We should have bet the house on that one. I can't believe we talked about it Friday night. I know, I, it's, it's like a lingering anger I'm having with myself. That's fine. I, one quick thing though, on Jalen Williams, I would push back a little bit on how flexible you would be about subbing out somebody like that.


Well it's Rick because he still needs, he still needs to be here number two. And in game three it gets lost. He was incredible and he was incredible offensively closing. It was, there was a silver lining to it of, you know, if this team's going to win a title. I mean he needs to be a lot more than he was last year. Yeah, even with all the, you know the crazy thing too is about OKC when they get stuff kind of going side to side and Denver's in that zone and they're loaded up to one side and there's all these kick outs to the other side, these guys are not making these shots nearly enough and they're all really good looks. So if you're on that OKC staff, you know, I've, look, I've thought about all sorts of things and, and I don't know how ridiculous you were getting thinking about like, okay, what's the SGA conversation?


I just said maybe they, maybe they benched Jalen Williams down the stretch. It's pretty ridiculous. I voted for a 13 Ball NBAI think that it is ridiculous because, but But the re here's why I said that though. Because I thought this was an absolute, absolute must win. We must win, gets thrown around too much. He's second best player, he has to be out there. But I, but I'm saying if I'm in the fourth quarter of this game four and I know I have to win at some point with six minutes left, I'm like, I don't care whose feelings I, I hurt. I'm trying, I need to try to win this game now and I have six options and I'm just gonna go. So anyway, I wouldn't have been surprised if they did it, but that's how, that's how important I thought this game was to them because especially as a younger team, you know, you go down three one in the series, you can't finish these game, these 50 50 games where you, you've already lost two in the series, right.


Denver's 4.0 in these and I just felt, I felt like OKC had to have this. I didn't feel like Denver had to have this. I felt like OKC did. I'm not with you on Ben Jalen Williams because he's your second best player. He had the huge game three. I mean you could even talk about like what you're doing to him if you want to play that game and then you, it's too Risky. I'm with you. I'm just, I went through the thought process. It's too risky long term with it. But That's point. And you're also Removing, that's the point. Nothing was working for them though. Your second best on-ball guy you know, as good as do is. Mm. You're you're really just giving him spot ups. Carus has got more drive in them but again a lot of his looks are just open looks. You know, Wiggins was out there, Joe had a brick in the first half.


You're like, that is your shot. It is wide open. You know, Chet looked a little hesitant to shoot on a couple of those catches. So I think they ran a really good thing once they get SGA to collapse, get the defense to collapse around SGA like one time he get caught got tied up and I'm like what the hell is going on? And then another time he kind of like was ready for it and they swing it and they had a Caruso three off that they had Jalen Williams drive on it. But granted he only ended up with 10 points. I think we should stay on the Yoic thing though because Yeah, you're right. And it's funny because we're having this MVP off series and all the arguments about these two guys and I think Sometimes we build 'em both in a Superman. We can't believe they're missing any of these shots. But since game one Yoic is missing too many shots for him. But every time you look at some of these possessions at game three, there was a possession about six minutes to go in that game and it was the eighth turnover for Yoic and he had Chet and SGA right on him underneath the rim.


And the other three players all had one foot in the paint. They don't care. I mean this reminds me again of that Lakers regular season game where they won at Denver and they were like, look how prepped up they are and look how much help is coming to your kitchen. Look how little they care about all this outside shooting. Like Westbrook's had some really nice energy moments and to your point, he's not afraid, which is really important this time of year. But he's not making enough of these shots and he's taking a lot of them on top of everything else. So you'll see times where his defender doesn't even care where Westbrook is air and there there be somebody else Air. Yeah. And then there's somebody else on the other side. Like they had one play where Watson and Russ were in the same corner and no one cared. Like their spacing next to each other was so terrible.


So when you look at these yoic possessions, I think they're speeding him up 'cause he knows, he's like, all right, these guys are swarming on me. I have no time and I'm dealing with double bigs and I have all this length. Yeah, it'd be nice if he made some more shots. It'd be nice if he stopped missing some of these huge free throws that we even saw in the Clipper series. But just there's stills where I'll laugh going, look at what is happening as soon as Yoic stops his dribble and he's in the paint and there's just, you know, whether it's Porter Jr. Who was the difference in game three? There's still like, just a lack of respect for any of those guys. Porter was, yeah. Oh for five from three today Watson was, oh for two Westbrook's.


Airball was the biggest one in the game. And then from on the OKC side, Dort was two for 10. Home grid. Oh for three. Williams was, oh for five. Jalen Williams, Jalen Williams was two for 13 in that game. Yeah. Pretty rough. And then Isaiah Joe came in to give them some heat check three as a win. Oh for three. But the yo thing heat spins, he spins around. There's another guy waiting for him when he does the thing where he, he tries to back down and he backs down and he can either throw it out or spin in. They're sending these guys to his blindside like little like rocket ships. So now he's worried about those guys too. So he can't do it the same way. And it's all goes to what you said, it's like watching a football team.


It's like when when the Ravens had the Derrick Henry year when teams would load, they'd just do eight man fronts and he would still run through them. And then at some point in the playoffs teams were like, well how about an 11 man front? Are you gonna run through that? How about we put everybody up on the line? Can you run through this? That's kind of what they were doing I thought to Yoic. But I still listen, we both watched Aton Yoic like his touch has not been greater on the, the stuff that he's made all year. He is not making there's and missing wide open threes and it's just, this is not the best version of him and I don't wanna make excuses for him 'cause I think he could play better and I think he looked really frustrated down the stretch where he was doing the sinking shoulders. I can't believe I missed that.


He just is a little discombobulated. So kudos to them 'cause they figured out how to disrupt one of the best offensive players we've ever seen. And it's almost like, you know, handing the ball off a few times, even if You don't think the reward is there as you have to get him into those switches, you have to be attacking him in that first half. Yeah, I mean look, he always looks tired. He's probably far more conditioned than most people because he is in Colorado year round, so Right. You know, even though he looks exhausted 30 seconds into every single game, the end of the game, it just doesn't seem that it wears on him as much. So I, I think it's both things. I mean you'd be denying the level of detail here on trying to make sure there's like a third guy there all the time.


I mean Jay Billis called it like a line defense. It felt like, to your Derrick Henry point, like a goal line defense on that one play that I was looking at. Yeah I thought they did a great job on the broadcast and I really loved a lot of like useful graphics and hey here's what's the, it's touch trends. There was a lot of good stuff which I think doesn't ever get, we just complain too much and then we never compliment enough. So here we are. Yeah, a couple positive guys, Three pointers by the way. 10 pointers, 41 for O kc, 11 for 45 for Denver. But to Yoga, Think Denver some more of those series. Oh go ahead. Yeah, he could. No, I don't think Denver's done in this series by any means. I think this would've been way more dangerous for OKC as a young team where young guys aren't playing well and now you're down three one and now it turns into 48 hours of everybody just dissecting them.


Which can go either way. Sometimes it can raise the team's level, sometimes it can tighten the sphincters. But what would you, a lot guys, like if OKC is down three one and you're doing a pod, like what do you allow yourself to do? Talking point, I Think I'd lead with the Denver piece of it. I just think it's so incredible that they won two of those first three games. Like they stole game one, just an outright theft. And then game three, which I think you and I both loved. Denver's just, you know, that was just a, we used to be the champs and we've been in a few of these rodeos and we kind of know what we're doing. It was one of those games, the physicality of it was ridiculous.


It was an awesome game. Like that was a hard Friday was a get was a hardwood classics. NBA TV showing it in August and I'll probably end up watching the fourth quarter in the ot. This game will never be seen again. Nobody will ever watch this game. And SGA, I think that they've, they've disrupted him in all these different ways. Much like OKC has disrupted Yoic like that. This is the best I've ever seen a team defend his drives. They're ready for his herky jerky stuff. They never give up on him because he loves doing that hockey move where he kind of drives through and he brings it back out, then he cuts back in. They're always ready for that. So when you think like they've only had six guys and one of them has this giant bandage on his shoulder and it's unclear how hurt he is.


Like it's pretty impressive. But you know, ultimately your season comes down to stuff like Russell Westbrook's gonna be wide open in the in the corner and he is gonna airball three that you needed because you had to have Russell Westbrook out there as good as he is been as a bench guy. But that's kind of the difference when you get to this level. It's a couple of plays. Yeah, Look, I do think there are some real positives with Westbrook's minutes just for his comfort level. You know there, there can be moments, look when they got down huge in game two, it may not have mattered, but it felt like he was like, all right, I can fix this. Like maybe, maybe it's a compliment that he thinks that he can.


But I mean if you just run through the totals here now, I mean we're talking about somebody who's at 23% and he's taking a lot of threes because they're there for him by the way, three point shooting combined in the first half, 13.6%, worst percentage in a half in playoff games since 1998. The SGA stuff had they lost, right? If they're down three one because I think it's worth maybe doing some of this stuff now then it becomes a little bit of like hey this is what those other players remember Windhorse was sharing this and then we both talked about it was like players do not fear this OKC team. Yeah. And then what were some of like the default defensive things that other teams are doing? You saw Minnesota do at one of those awesome regular season games against him.


It's like look, we're just going to force the ball outta his hands. We're gonna trap him and we don't trust enough of these other guys because it's this SGA thing at the top. And if we can clog that up then guys that aren't as comfortable taking some of these shots in the playoffs, it's gonna lead to success. You know there was a real like moment there where you're like, would you allow yourself to have some of these conversations about is SGA a's regular season approach too much like some of these other guys that have the ball in their hands the entire time and then it doesn't translate necessarily to the playoffs. Right. I think in the past sometimes with some of the guys we've talked about, it's totally fair with SGA, it felt a little unfair if they had been down three one. But I think those things would've happen.


You know, I looked at the regular season drives per game. It's 20.6 going into the night, 19 drives per game. I think the Memphis numbers are sort of weird, but he's still taking, 'cause it feels like, is he taking As many Shots? Is he getting to the free throw line as much? No, there's one difference though. Playoff officiating versus regular season officiating. These games are just more physical and there's been times when watching them during the season, he would get calls that I don't think he's getting the same calls. And by the way, I don't think Yoic is either. I just think it's the playoffs and everything's physical. Everything's physical from the first quarter on and it's, you're just not gonna get away with as much. So the stuff that he used to get away with in the paint and it would get to the line, it doesn't feel like it's happening the same way anymore.


Well it definitely shows up on a few plays, but the overall numbers are right in line with where he is in the regular shoe. I I was surprised because he's not driving as much 'cause he, he's getting cut off more. Nope, that's the same. Yeah. Are the touches per game the same? Yes, they are. Now, granted the Memphis series maybe takes away from some of that stuff. Free throw attempts per game. I mean he's in this series now taking nine free throw attempts per game right after today he took 12, the regular season he took nine free throw attempts per game. So I'm with you that there's probably a few moments where he is like, man, I get that call in February And it is more physical. I mean 18 in an OT game on Friday needed 25 today.


But some of those were coming at the end. It just doesn't seem like it's as easy. But he is also going, it's a team that certainly we did not see this kind of defense from Denver during the season. That's been the other story here. This team fired their coach with a week ago in the season. Basically their effort was spotty back and forth. And to watch them just turn into the team, like, oh, hypothetically they could be this, but it'll never happen. And then to watch how hard they're playing. It all starts with Gordon who's been, I, I think the biggest winner of the playoffs from a career standpoint. I just think he's being discussed differently now, don't you? I love went from Yeah, I love's just, but I also, I Also love is he our berating guy this year?


No, I'm, I'm saying yeah, we, there's a bunch of guys, but is he the 100% approval rating guy of the 25 playoffs? Like who's, who's zagging on Aaron Gordon at this point? Everybody's like, all in Mr. Dug, Mr. Clutch one of the great, one of the great maybe Orlando staff, staff kickers. It's like sure now. Oh, so he's not a small forward. Yeah, no, he's been awesome. I Think the other SJA part of it is to complete that part of the conversation is maybe, you know, this is actually really funny. I'll never forget like how interesting I thought this was when Arod signed with the Rangers, right? Yeah. So we're going back 25 years ago now and he said, you know, when you fail in big spots, everybody's surprised, like your home fan base, like the size of the Rangers and all you've ever seen is highlights of me doing amazing things on SportsCenter.


Especially back then when that's all you had. Yeah. And so when you see me fail because you've never seen those things before, you almost think like, wait, you're, you're not supposed to do any of these things. And so the way, I mean the fitting thing is that we're seeing both Yoic and SGA struggle in a very intense, very physical and Denver's defensive level. Again, I wouldn't match it to the thunder, but it's not what it was at the end of the regular season or going into this whole thing. You're seeing two guys have a really hard time with as much attention on them and maybe it makes sense this series as two two. I have a question for you. I just wanted to shout out Holmgren really quick. Just really enjoy him.


Like, it's just funny to think back at that draft and how much time we spent on those three guys wondering what the possible ceilings were of each guy. And then it feels like Palo and Chet are gonna probably hit the ceiling of whatever we expected. I love how competitive he is. We knew Hartenstein was in there because of the playoffs last year. We got a glimpse of it, but you never know with some of these guys until they're thrown into the fire like this. I just think going against Yoic, just knowing that dude's lurking for two solid weeks, right? And to not get in foul trouble and to just battle him and you just have to battle him. That's the only way to do it. You're not gonna beat him. You're not gonna shut him down. You just have to fight him.


And I, I just think he's, he's shown more fight than maybe even I thought he had and I was a big fan of his really like just both of those guys are just trading haymakers with this guy who's this fucking monolith. You know? It's impressive. Anyway, what was your question? Do you think Malone is rooting for the Nuggets? Great question came to the right place. As you know, I'm a spiteful guy. I'm guessing he has a lot of relationships and the answer would depend, well, you know, relationships with these guys, the answer would depend on whether he thinks Yoic nudged him out or not. Whether they just told Yoic they were doing it or they cleared it with yo, like if Yoic had a chance to defend him or not.


And if he feels like Yoic had his back or not, would be the answer. And my guess is Yoic probably was like, whatever, Hey, we got a new coach, it's gonna be that. It's cool. I don't care. It might've been one of those, but it also might've been, Hey, we're thinking of doing this. If you don't wanna do it us to do it, tell us now count to 10. You don't have to say yes or no, just count to 10. It's like the Watergate, the call drop when the call, yeah. The end when they call Watergate about is that the final guy on the list? And maybe he just didn't stick up for him. So I don't know. What do you think? No, He's that leaning against them because he's probably mad at the cies.


Sure. Mad at the, well the front office, the main guy isn't there anymore. You know, maybe, hey, 10 years with Joker and this is my guy and these guys all want a title together, but I would never trust anyone's answer. Especially when your whole life has been just competing. Yeah. So if they were to win a title, right, especially considering the odds going into this year versus the year that they did it with him. I I wouldn't blame him. I I just don't know too many people that have Spent, spent their professional lives, you know's, definitely kind of rooting against him. I think he is, my answer is yes. The more I'm thinking about it, you know, there's a, there's a youth parent phenomenon when your kid plays on a team and then somebody comes in and plays their position and you're supposed to be rooting for the team and you're rooting for everyone to do well, but at the same time you're like, all right, don't do too well in this spot.


Like you just, it's human nature. People know what's best for them. I dunno, I don't know if I would want to hire a head coach that would be rooting for the team after he was fired by them. He Can't answer it honestly, by the way. And even if, I mean I have an O OKC question for you. Yeah. Okay. Do you feel any differently about them than you did 10 days ago? Maybe just a little because I thought they were really special and you know, you look at the net rating, you look at the point differential on what they did this season. This wasn't just a really good, I mean this team could have won 70 games if they wanted to.


You know, I was looking back at it, you know, you go back to like some of these other regular seasons, right? Utah in 21, I mean that was a team that projected as like a 59 win team. So, alright, it's not 68, but they were number one in the league in net rating plus nine points. That Phoenix team, after they had lost, remember how good they were in the regular season, but 64 win team net rating was less for them. And so I'll admit like, is OKC struggling? Because with the way this game started, you go, how is OKC not up 20 already? And part of it was free throws and obviously OKC couldn't hit any threes either. And so yeah, I'm, I'm allowing the down three one thoughts to creep into my head back to what I kind of hinted at there is Windhorse saying players are not afraid of this OKC team.


And I thought that that was dismissive. I started, started thinking about the way players GM and how wrong they are about guys they actually want to play with, right? I started thinking about some of the results from the player polls and I don't even know if all star voting is even fair to do, but I'm like, there's so many times we have access to the way players think. I'm like, what? How do you guys do this every night? And the ex-player podcast? Don't leave them out. That's for that dialogue. That's the best example because you know, as I've admitted numerous times, like I spend my life talking about this sport and you know, you're in rooms with guys that have done it. You're like, well how can I disagree with them? And then after you're right, you see a few clips from the pods, I go, I'm gonna keep disagreeing, I'm gonna feel it even more emboldened 'cause this is fucking insanity what you're selling me.


And so when I heard that coming out months ago, I'm like, oh, here we go again. Like they're new, they're young, it's a smaller market. Like everybody's just being super dismissive. You're just gonna stop. Like S'S had one of the most productive guard seasons we've ever seen. You're just gonna shut all the faucet, the faucet off. And so I was allowing some of that stuff to creep in my head where I'm going with they're down three one, you know, is it the randomness of playoff basketball or is there some real truth to like, this team isn't as good as I thought they were. The numbers that are historic, they're not just good, these are historic numbers. Yeah. And they have all these different, different options who are like, that guy's coming in and it's like, is is there something to be said that this was gonna be another year of seasoning for this group because this would've been a massive disappointment and who knows, they still might lose this series because I'm probably, no, I would say it this, I'm way more impressed where Denver is at being tutu in this series.


Which then I think the other side of that is that, yeah, maybe I thought OKC was gonna run through this team and they're not. My answer is both. I'm actually more impressed with OK C'S defense than I expected to be because I think it's one thing to be a great regular seasoned team, but to watch their playoff defense be even an even maybe a little bit more impressive. So yes on that, But that's not surprising to me. I I thought there was no way you could watch 'em all year and be like, I'm saying they're not gonna be as good in the playoffs. But there was this last level of like, all right, now what's gonna happen when you're going and it's this Yoic Murray gauntlet when you're down two one in a series, what, what level can you go to? And they, they just answered my questions there.


Yeah. I just, I didn't think, I think if there was one thing you could on bat I had about Chet, I'll be honest, like Che against Yoic as we have to shut down Yoic with these two guys. And one of them's Chet, I didn't think Chet was gonna be big enough to handle him. And I think he's shown over the last couple games with Hartenstein that, that maybe you can, the Jalen Williams piece is the piece I'm, I'm more lukewarm on than I was. And he was awesome on Friday. I thought he had a really good game and, and actually kind of, if they won the game, he would've probably been the biggest reason. But it, you know, when you're the second guy and we saw, we saw this happen with Jalen Brown last year when you're the second guy and sometimes you also have to resemble the first guy every once in a while for a team to really achieve its what do you like taking numbers?


Yeah, I just going through yoko's numbers here again, but go ahead, keep on listening. Well that, that second guy I think has to be more than a second guy sometimes if you're gonna win four rounds and Jalen got to that point last year. Yeah, I think the best example is Pippin from 90 to 91. Now 90 ends the, the worst way possible with the migraine in the game seven. But he just in general wasn't quite ready yet. And then in 91, that whole season, especially down the stretch was awesome. And then went to that Laker game and was like just such an additive asset game after game and went after magic and like what he did to the Pistons, he was just awesome and it was consistently awesome.


And I'm sure people go in the basketball offense like no, he was three for 10 in game three. It's like, I'm telling you, Pippin went up a level and you could see it and Jalen Williams, I can't tell if he's a year away from that or not because I think it's in there, but Friday night versus today, like that swing for four rounds against the wrong team that might, 'cause I don't, if it's not him, I don't know who the third guy is who can create offense for them. They're just swinging the ball around, you know, they, I just don't see it. And I think they're gonna end up in a lot of these under a hundred games where the defense is gonna carry them and maybe it'll be more like a 99 Spurs type of situation where your defense is so awesome. That's how you win.


But, so I'm a little, little, little more scared on that side, but the defense has been so good. I think it evens up the coach too, by the way. The, I thought his game one was bad, you know, hasn't been in a lot of these, but I think he, I thought he blew game one. I just thought he did a couple dumb things. I think this is going seven illa. Yeah, it feels right Also. I thought it was notable that, okay, sweet C was favored between six or seven for this game today in Denver. Yeah, Denver Coming up for Friday night because Vegas like with the Celtics, Celtics are down oh two and Vegas is like Celtics by six still have 'em favored for the series, right? Yeah.


Whoever FanDuel name whoever set in the line this, this Denver OKC one, people are like, eh, still think K C's. Got it. Which I thought was notable.


We're gonna take a break for the podcast. This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra. What do I look forward to every NBA playoffs season? Well, I'm always hoping the Celtics do well. I'm always hoping we have great storylines, great games, great matchups, great games sevens, I just hope for good basketball. But the NBA playoffs, they're even better with Michelob Ultra, the official beer partner of the nba. Plus they're getting fans closer to the game with a chance to win courtside tickets and more. Enter now at michelob bocher.com/courtside. Michelob belcher's superior access Courtside 2024 to 25 sweepstakes, no purchase necessary open to US residents. 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit mic low bocher.com/superior access slash courtside for free Entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules, message and data rates may apply void where prohibited.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. Every basketball team that's still alive in the playoffs has one thing in common. Their key trades and signings throughout the season paid off giving each team the talent needed to make a run at the championship. With a small business, your success directly depends on the new talent you add to your team. And a great place to find that talent is LinkedIn. They know hiring is a big deal for small businesses, not only because small businesses are wearing so many hats, but also because every hire is crucial for a growing company. That's why LinkedIn pairs you with the best candidates using data you won't find anywhere else from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. So find your next grid hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is presented by State Farm on the basketball court. The best players know when to pass and off the court. You still need teammates who are there when accounts. That's where State Farm comes in with agents to help you find coverage that's right for you. You can focus on what really matters, whether that's hitting game winners or just getting through the day, Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm coverage Options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state.


Our guy, Anthony Edwards that was here, here's what I think was the tough one for Golden State. I actually really liked how they played. I thought they played hard. That's about as good of a game. Three at least for three plus quarters as you're going to get from a team without Curry. And there were multiple times where it felt like they were gonna bump the lead up to 10 or 11, you know, just, it was always five or six and it felt like every time they had a chance to put a cushion, ant would hit a three, somebody would miss a layup, somebody would come back and it just that Minnesota hung around, hung around, hung around and then, and then killed them in the end.


But Ant I thought had some really big shots and some control of the game stuff. And then Randall, this has now hit the point with Randall that I, I think he might opt out. We went from thinking like, yeah, I'll be i'll. I'm in for 30 million again next year. I've, I've exercised my poor option. I'm in. I think he opts out now. He's been that good, right? Why would he opt into one year 30? He's gonna be able to get more than that. Especially when you look at the free agents this year. Yeah. But you know, this, this thing that we touched on last week where you can just go through the cycle of, well who has cap space? There's Minnesota Go fine. You wanna sign with Brooklyn is one of these other teams with like, feels like, Hey, your role has worked here.


It, it seems like it took a while but it he's he's figured it out. I mean, I guess you could also argue in a way like Golden State as hard as they fought last night, at no point did I think they were winning that basketball game. And there's probably no version of this Golden State team without Steph. I mean, who knows? Maybe he comes back in game five. I mean this is, this is asking a lot of the hamstring stuff, but it just never feels like Golden State. You're never like worried they're gonna run away from you the way they normally with The team they have. Right. It's funny, I actually thought they were gonna win in the fourth quarter. Did you? Because it just 'cause the, the getting a random Domingo just going nuts game on combined with what Butler did for the first two and a half quarters.


It was like, man, if they're ever gonna win a game, this has to, this is the blueprint for how they would win a game. But they, they can't figure out the Randall piece. It's really interesting. What a mismatch he's been these first two rounds where you've seen teams go fuck, you know, and he knows it. And I think it's the smartest, most deliberate but not too slow, not Ball stoppy like the right level of picking his spots and taking, taking advantage of certain mismatches. I really like watching him and I, he used to be, he wasn't my least favorite player to watch. He was in the top three. But I've really enjoyed watching him in the playoffs and I think, I think this team kind of knows what it is.


The, the part that I don't really understand is what they're getting from Conley. The fact that he's been better than I thought he was gonna be. I thought he had some really good defensive stuff like that key play of the game he played excellent. I forget who it was. It was maybe Minga excellent defense where it led to that fast break where they had go bear as the trailer as the dunk, which was basically the play of the game. Was that the Late shock clock? Yeah. Ant strip minga. And, but it all started 'cause Conley was able to actually play defense. And Conley was somebody that in December, January, we were wondering like, what were they gonna do with this? Like, were, were they gonna just bail on him? Like that's how bad he was looking and now he's looking pretty good. But you know, it's a bummer.


Do you think if Curry plays, do you think they're better or no? Wait phrase that again. Golden State. You think they can win this with Healthy Curry the whole time? Oh, the whole time. Who would you, who who After I watching Minnesota watching these games without him. Would you still take Minnesota? Yeah, I think I would. I I like that they have the good Rudy moments and the non Rudy good moments. Hmm. It seems like Butler clearly if Rudy's out, he's trying to get momentum, he's trying to get downhill and he was able to go off at times. And so it probably feels good for Rudy to come in and be like, okay, Now you're gonna sell. Even even if you don't like Rudy during their struggles in the regular season, you could see other teams get so excited when he was taken outta the game.


But instead of feeling like you're playing into the opponent's hands by, by going small, their small is still so big. Yeah. And you're going up against Golden State where, you know, good luck on the Butler, the non Butler minutes. I thought everybody kind of leading into that game was right and they're like, Hey, if Curry is out, like you're gonna have to start taking some shots. You may not like taking because it's probably better than a wide open. Gary Peyton second three Buddy's been pretty good for the most part. I mean, mingle was incredible in game three. POS Pods was awful yesterday. Pods Just can't hit a shot. Look, they big Once again, I mean Curry, these guys Must be thinking, they're like starting a startup company with the way they go into these lineups.


It's like Trace Jackson, Davis people probably forgot he was an on the team, right? And it's like he's starting at center. Yeah, just bail down Quentin Post. I, I Don't, I don't think, look, I didn't pick them with them playing it out. I still like Minnesota better. But that was, that was a grind for a Minnesota team. Look, they were turning the basketball over a ton. The three point shooting for Ant had been a disaster other than that third quarter. But once you wake that dude up, I mean, it's just a different level. I had Minnesota in six and I think even after watching this without Curry, I'd probably, I don't think that would've changed. Golden State feels like one and a half guys short.


Right? And that, the reason I say one and a half instead of two is 'cause that weird roster they have, you can get the random out of nowhere, half from somebody, but for the most part it still feels like they're short and they can't survive terrible Draymond games with or without Curry. He was awful last night. He was really sloppy with the basketball. I thought Randall went right at him a couple times. It was kind of shocking. And for all the shit he talked about Go bear, like I'm just, I was surprised that he wasn't great. I I didn't love the fourth foul that was called on him. I thought that was a really big call. No, there's probably one he got away with it. It was funny because Legs Was great. Yeah, y'all even sat with him.


But Legs was like, you know, he's used to playing with fouls. I think it was 5 25 when he had had the fifth one around that big. Yeah. Right. And Legs goes, like I said, I would've taken him out. But the funny thing is, is Draymond, he actually can't be trusted. Like, I don't, I don't mind ker going, well look, this whole thing is completely new and without staff now everybody's asked to like step, step up, like not just one role, like two rolls. It feels like, like, hey, you're gonna have a ball in your hands a lot more and you're gonna end with a decision and you're gonna have to shoot in spots that normally you'd be waiting for him to cut. And by the way, all those cuts where you guys are wide open all the time, none of those are gonna be there. Yeah. So Draymond had the bad foul against Kauai.


He had the terrible foul against Memphis where he fouled out. He had a moment in the Houston series where he was in foul trouble. It's like, okay, do not give away a cheap one. He did it. And so the Jane McDaniels drive, it's hard to tell Draymond like instinctively somebody who's in the conversation as defensive player of the year to not try to find a way to come over and contest. But he had no shot on that baseline drive. None whatsoever. Yeah, but I don't look, I don't feel bad. That was to put Your hands up, but don't touch him. Yeah. So he, he actually can't be trusted in foul trouble. And that's, that all pales in comparison to his whole story and performance in game three. Because I thought Game three was so incredibly, oh excuse me, game two.


Game two when it looked like he wanted to get thrown out of the game. I still think Golden State's not dead. But even if Curry was able to come back in game six, I don't know what version we're getting from him. You know, we're getting certain. He said earliest game five And I, I would lean closer to six. It was fun though. The Minga thing, I was on island. I went down there last night just to watch with my fingers crossed, brought a bottle of wine. Oh yeah, How's it going down there? Brought some, brought some chips, some cheese, some crackers. Nobody was there. It was just, just my wife. You Must not have any public services or anything. Nothing. There's no electricity.


It is a weird one. And I, I, you know, as Kerr's one of my favorite coaches as you know, and I, I still, I I think it's just so weird that he punted on Domingo when you watch some of the other guys in this team. And I get it from his mindset, like he makes mistakes on defense. He doesn't fit into our flow the up. But the guy is so athletically talented and unique with the roster they have. I I still can't believe it as a play though. Well here's where I've landed though. Illa, I think some guys just aren't good playing 18 to 20 minutes a game. We've seen it a lot. Some guys they just need to play big minutes. I, I actually think Pritchard's a little bit like this for the Celtics. I don't think Pritchard is a, let me come in for seven minutes each half guy.


I think he needs bigger minutes and he was a huge part of why they won yesterday. But I just think some guys are like that and maybe come is one of those. But if I was a GM I would really think about him. Like if I was the Pistons, I'd be like, you know what, let's, let's look at all the tapes of when Domingo played 30 plus minutes and try to figure out what that looks like on our team. I think he's competitive. I think, I really think there's something there. I defer to Ker on this one. He's needed him fair, they've invested in him. And I would admit, yeah, you're right. In game two, the shot making, starting the game, eight for eight, the pull up mid range, the finishes when he has momentum, it's bouncing Off dude.


It's on drives. Right. But you know what's funny about that game is he actually was screwing up when he first came in. Yeah. He had a switch where he switched off of a worst defender into Ant. And I was like, okay. Again, sometimes teams will just switch for the sake of just trying to get bodies moving around. Yeah. But he wasn't thinking that way. Like he is only good when he has the ball in his hands and he's thinking, I don't have to give this to anyone else. And then after that he decided like, oh, I'm gonna go, oh. I'm like, I've seen these Luca cuts. He kills Rudy. Yeah. So it's like, I'm gonna go at Rudy. And then that didn't work and it was, he got stuck underneath the basket by the baseline and that was kind of a mess. So there were a few things that jumped out and you'll see it over the course of him because the scoring by itself is very impressive at his age, his athleticism.


And at that size, the biggest win if they were to lose this series may be getting people to think he's worth a flyer on. Oh they, They, no question rejuvenated his trade value as a sign or trade guy. He had a play in the third quarter when, and the words had momentum and he was, had ant 40 feet from the basket and took this crazy angle and ant just went by him and had this crazy duck on him last Night, right? Yeah. Last Night. I mean, he tried To pick up, he tried to like Get into a stance. It was just awful. So, and I watched that and I'm like, no wonder Curry's not playing him. 'cause this is like, I I I don't understand how that would be your defensive tactic. It's too bad. I, you know, Curry's 37, they put a lot of miles on him and he ended up breaking down and having an injury.


And it's not shocking but it's too bad 'cause it, this would've been a really fun series. Celtics, Nicks Uhoh, how are you? I did something unusual. I invited my wife's friend Krista, who's very fun, came over yesterday and we had margaritas and I drank margaritas during the entire game. That was how I dealt with game three Is that all that day I day drank it. They drank it up. I was really nervous and just decided to enjoy my Saturday and have some cocktails and watch the Celtics and, and it was a fun one. You're Your first one. A lot of people are nervous. So where are you though conference wise?


It's a stinky joke. I they're, they're a better basketball team. They're down one two in the series and they've led every game by 20 plus points. I mean, how am I supposed to feel? This is a ridiculous series, Heidi. I've never seen a series like that. They're up 20 points in the second half of all three games and they're down two to one. I will say, I thought, I thought Joe called a couple amazing timeouts. There was a couple where it's like, just call it now, Joe. Just don't, don't be a hero. Call the timeout now the Knicks are rumbling, they're ready, ready to go on a run here. And he called it three times.


And, and I thought the most important thing he did, which of course they did not mention at the halftime show was just played Pritchard. They, he just, he played him 18 minutes in the first half, kept him out there holiday, played 10 minutes. Pritchard's a real problem for the Knicks. I don't fully understand it, but they, they don't seem to have anybody on their team who can guard him. He's not afraid to guard Brunson spaces. The, the more he plays the better he is. And I thought he was absolutely massive and the biggest reason they won the game. And then also Horford on two days rest, which by the way will not be happening again for three more games. But Horford two days rest versus one day rest was, was big.


And I thought Pingus as much luggage as he, as he looks like he was still pretty important defensively in a couple patches of that game just by being long and kind of standing around with his hands up. So great win. They needed it. I thought that Nicks, they played three games now and haven't looked good in any of them, which means they're due for a good game. Which is the part that worries me the most. They haven't played a good game yet. Defensively, I think Boss has been terrific in this series. What they're doing to Brunson, how they've contained him and granted like Brunson started getting it going. You know, he closed game two obviously really well.


Really And and maybe it doesn't matter 'cause they're down so much in game three, but there was a couple moments like MSG was hoping like can this thing get to 15? Right. You Know what's happen? Well that was the great, when it got to 17 Joe's like Time out. Yeah. But if you look at the Knicks regular season, 117 points per 100 sessions. Granted it's the playoffs, it's gonna be different. It's only three games, but it's 101 for the Knicks offensively against the Celtics defense. And it was 110 I think against Detroit Brunson's. 38, 30 9% splits. The free throw thing has not been a big part of it. They tried me a little bit A sha conversation. Yeah. It's a little harder to get to the line these days. Yeah. But the overall free, free throw numbers I would say for Brunson, even though, you know, it turns into a conversation about his baiting the numbers, you know, don't show up the way it does for maybe a couple other players.


He took nine against Detroit and Kat has made one three in this entire series. I mean his splits are atrocious. He's shooting 14% from 3 43 overall. I also think he's getting incredibly frustrated because it's the default go-to if Boston's looking for something, hey, just get Kat in the action. Yeah. And he's probably not gonna be here quick enough. I mean it's just asking a lot with his body type and the way he moves to be able to contest all of these threes. But I think my favorite part of that game was that even if you're gonna make more threes, which they clearly did, they're wide open numbers. I think Schulman had an nba.com on wide open threes. No, I like him. Right. 25%, 12 or 48, whatever tracking they were using, I went through those The first step.


Yeah. First two games combined in game three, 12 and 19. So I mean you could, you could simplify it and say, hey, that's the game. But No, but that's, that wasn't it though the, the offense was so much more sophisticated than it was those first two games. I really know what I loved. I liked how they played in the first half. There's, there's like two things that I'll look for. They would get Jalen Brown into Brunson post up and it's not necessarily the shot that I want, but you have to send help. Yeah. And even if they have different rules of like maybe this far out, we have Jalen getting to one of those weird shot attempts, you know, and I know Zach Lowe was talking about at the end of the game too. He was validating Brunson a bit and Zach was like, oh my god, you know this.


And the crazy thing is, is to me, Jalen has had so many shot attempts that are like that that I can't believe he's taking him. And it feels like they've gone in more than they haven't. That I almost just give him the benefit of the doubt on some of these tougher looks. But it was much more like, there's two things with him on those post up as soon as he gets help, he was really good and they're swinging the, and it's like, okay, this is something you're starting with as opposed to just the hunt switch ISO three that I think drives even the hardest core Celtic fan. Absolutely crazy. The other part with Jalen is you have to get him with momentum with the ball because if he stops then it's, it's totally different.


And I, I think his aggressiveness at the start of that game, even going back to the Orlando series when no one can make a shot, it just, it feels like he is, is more aware at times of what they need on offense. Yeah. And I, I really thought it showed itself when they put together that huge first half, we Saw it the same way. One, one thing I liked, and I don't know what happened in game one, game two, I have no explanation for it. But in game three they put a real concerted effort into putting guys in spots that they like that the Knicks didn't like. Tatum was another one, like one of the first plays they ran for him. Tatum's always good when he has the ball on the left, like 35 feet from the basket, you set a pick and he dribbles right toward the key and he can pull up from three.


And I always feel like it's going in. When he takes that, those first two games, they just, they had him dribbling the ball up as the point forward and you know, playing with his food, doing the one-on-one stuff. I thought they got everybody involved and I thought they really did a good job with Pritchard. They ran a couple Drew holiday plays. They got white, white got a couple plays where they set some picks for him. He was trying to go to the basket. They kept going downhill and really smart. And then when they took the big lead in the second half, you could feel it veering back toward that game one, game two offense again. 'cause they were trying to basically kill time when this team tries to go in the prevent offense. I'm not gonna like it every time.


Just so you know, there's never gonna be a situation where I'm happy when they go prevent offense. I don't like it. I think when they're moving, when they try to run, that was another thing they were trying to run off rebounds and turnovers. Push the ball, push the ball, push the ball and you know, the Knicks aren't, that's where you want, you want towns like running back trying to, you know, try to get back there. The Mitchell Robinson, hacker Robinson stuff I thought was really good. I don't like that hacker stuff. I've never liked it, but I thought it, it hurt the Knicks. It changed, you know, it it, it changed the energy of the game in a couple spots when the Knicks felt like they were about to make some sort of comeback and then Enobi was awful.


And That's, yeah, I know Annabi was just rave about him. He was incredible Game one. Right. He was the best guy in the floor in game one and game three. You didn't know he, he had the Tobi I didn't realize you were out there. So I I'd still avoid him at all cost with the ball if You have the ball. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I If you're the K Nix, what's your move Ty three man three big upfront winning on Three Bigs. Just kidding. Triple Bigs. It's, it's also the first game. Mitchell wasn't like a huge plus on the net side of it. And I, I'm with you. Like you can talk about his defense. I think pri got him a couple times in isolation. It's like, man, you like hit step backs on Mitchell Robinson from three. And, and Richard was feeling is awesome.


He was, he was great. But I don't know how, you know Reggie Miller in game two there was an air ball where it didn't hit any, it wasn't just an air ball, it went under the net. It's an impossible free throw attempt miss. Right. Like even the worst free throw guy in the league like it, it was almost like, hey, aim it right and below the net to win some sort of prize. Right. And they get a carnival. Yeah. And Reggie Miller goes out, happens. He's like, that doesn't happen. You don't see that. Yeah. And then he had another one. He injured the cameraman. That, that we don't see that too often. And you wonder how does that not, because I mean every emotion Mitchell Robinson has, he wears on a sleeve.


There's, there's no poker face about how incredibly frustrated he is Yeah. With this. And he had tried to say something like, Hey, it's a compliment that they want you outta the game that bad. It's like that's one way to process this. Yeah. But, or they're trying to get 0.5 per, per possession points per possession What 0.34 Me? Yeah. Considering his, his free throw percentage. But you wonder how much that bleeds in and look, or it's the simplicity of a, the team we all think is better is down O2. They've been through some wars before. It is a team that does seem to like to make things really hard on themselves and it was gonna be really surprising if they were down 3.0. So all the other little Things and the team that's good. That's good on the road in a way that I Great on the road almost feel more comfortable with them on the road than at home. Their record at I think on the road was better than at home this year.


It was, I don't know why the Home court advantage doesn't matter for them anymore. And I don't know really what's happened to Home Court advantage in general, but They were 33 and eight On the road. Yeah. That's better than OKC was. 32 and eight. Yeah. I don't get it. I think, come on, you gotta have something else. Some other Celtics stop. Like is this, did you ever allow yourself to think they were losing the series? I still, I still don't feel comfortable. Well I don't know if comfortable is what I'm looking for here. Did you, did you have a moment after game two where you were like, they're gonna lose to the Nixon second round Teammate? I mean, I told you I invited my wife's best friend over to have margaritas with me for the entire day because I was so nervous about game three.


So that was my state of mind. It's not something I typically do on a Saturday. The poor Zynga thing really makes me nervous. I think it puts an incredible amount of pressure on Horford and Cornett to a lesser degree. I really worry about them with rebounding. My fear for game four with the one day rest is the Knicks pounding them on the boards and the crowd being really into it. And them hanging around, hanging around and getting second chances. And Horford just being luggage like he was in game two. And poor Ingas just seeming, I dunno what the right word is, weak. He's, He's weak.


I mean the illness, if this is what we're talking about here, he Seems off like almost fumbly hands. Like his reflexes aren't even there a hundred percent in the same way. So what he was little bearish. Well what More, more, like who is that guy in OKC that poku, little Poku ish. He at least learned in the Knicks game, the game three, to just keep his hands up and be like, I'm tall, I'm gonna do that. But you know, it's, it's a massive loss to have this guy who is a guaranteed 20 who is like their swagger guy in a lot of ways. When he was getting going, the whole team, it was like an electroshock and also like is just a huge pain in the ass and I think specifically kills towns and you're just removing that and you're getting this kind of luggage version of him.


I thought Cornett was good. And Pritchard I think has has weirdly become the key swing guy of the series because I don't, I don't see why game three can't keep happening for him. He's put, he's getting guys in switches and he's just destroying them and he's hitting all of his corner threes and the spacing that he gives them. We also have not had a good Tatu game yet, which I, I, I think is a positive for the se and I thought Brown looked pretty athletic. So yeah, there's some positives, but yeah, they're down two, one, I'm never gonna feel good about this. It feels like it's gonna go seven. I think the Nix will have one awesome game when they shoot like 20 for 42 from three.


And you know, it's just law of averages. They're not gonna just suck for the entire series offensively. They've been great with Brunson. I I've been really impressed with that part of it. Not to say you're gonna completely shut the guy down. And I know he had a ton of points in game three, but it doesn't feel like he's had those long stretches of oh no, like now he's the best player on the floor and there's, there's nothing you can do with him and Kat not providing the spacing is probably a big part of it. Not being a little bit easier for Brunson that I, That I can't explain. His rebounding has been great, but I don't understand why he's not jacking up seven, eight, threes a game. I always feel like they're going in when he takes him.


It's one of those I don't like when he is open. No, I wouldn't say that. But I also don't like when they put him on the low block with, with Horford on him or a smaller guy and he actually like gets aggressive and tries to wheel into them like he did in game two. I think that's sitting there for them. And I thought Bridges has had some really nice offensive moments in game three where he's got that little funky, near the baseline little eight 10 footer that they know they can go to. So they have options but you know, they suck sometimes This'll happen though with the game where it's the hottest ticket, the crowd's crazy. Oh my God, that crowd's gonna be off the hook. And then the other team comes out and throws a haymaker and they're up 15 and the crowd, you know, everyone's just paralyzed.


Like what happened? I thought, you know, people are there. They went on StubHub, their kid wanted to go. You have all these celebrities, every Nick is there, there's this crazy energy that's happening and then you can diffuse that in like 10 minutes, you know, and we've seen that over and over again with, with the, the Monday night will be, I think be that'll be not a crowd with the kids. That'll be like the real Nick fans. There'll be a real energy in that game. And I really worry about the rebounding for the Celtics that they need. Like Tatu, it needs to be like a 14 rebound game for Tatum. Where would you put Tatum in superhero mode? Get it a basket. Oh, I thought you were going the Superman ads.


Like talk about timing. Jesus. Yeah. Nothing worse than playoff P when in the Gatorade ad he, he's making the shot and then they came back from commercially. He missed it in the game. He, I I think this is a good PSA for all the guys out there. Maybe don't do those commercials. If you might be in a tough series. I I would bet that one around with the maybe your manager, your agent, the other people in your life, like what are the worst case scenarios for this ad? So I'm gonna be in a Superman thing on a Saturday and we're down oh two and there's just been a national dialogue about whether I'm a superstar or not for three days and now I'm in a Superman commercial. Maybe maybe hold off till July on those.


I don't know. Okay, Let's do this though. Tie game shot clock is off. How many guys will you name that you feel better about than Tatum? Here's the thing, because I heard you do this on Thursday. You feel the same way I did about Tatum this year. I think Tatum's been awesome in the T clutch. This year's awesome this year. This year, year. I voted for him third in the clutch rankings. I, which I still don't really fully understand in the clutch rankings. 'cause it's like why isn't Yoic the winner of the clutch player? Like he does everything. But I thought Tatum was really good and reliable and smart in these crunch times. And you know, that went sideways in the first two Knicks games.


But I, I, the only thing I don't like with him is the, the step back three with the hand in the face. And you know, there's a reason heading into yesterday, what was it? The last 32 playoff games you're shooting 28% from three. That's bad. There's your answer. That means you're taking too many bad threes if you're at 28%. I thought he took some good ones yesterday and then near the end when they had a big lead, it got a little dicey. I thought about it more since we had these back to back Mitchell performances. I can't wait. Can't wait for him today. So it's Yoic, right? It's Luca. So You're saying gimme this scenario.


It's like 40 seconds left tie game. It's a two one in the series. Like what some of these guys, what scenario am I looking at? Terrible, terrible. Two for one. So let's just say shot clock is off and it's tied. Yeah, We'll just, you just get Excited. Now you made me think of something that I think the two, two for one is, this has now become an epidemic. That's the worst. Where we've gone, we've done a 180 now where the two for one team should do this. You get two shots for one and now the first shot that they're getting on the two for one is the worst shot of the game. And I, I just, it's like cool, you're, you're gonna get a second shot now three seconds left. You just took a 29 footer with a hand in your face with 30 Seconds left.


I swear to God the league, the league average is like, it's the thing 50 points per 100 possessions on the first attempt in the two. For one, They're the worst shots always by everybody, everybody in the league. But people would yell at us on the math side of it being like, yes, but you guys are forgetting the payoff of the extra possession. All right, maybe. Sure. But okay, but it doesn't mean it's like, Like I've had horrible possessions. Does that add up to one possession? It turns into Seymour Hoffman like Rainman, you know? Right. It's just like, what is that? You didn't even give your, you know what's actually, I don't know if it's worse but it's bothering me more. Yeah, there will be a time where the shock clock is still on. So you know the other team is getting the ball back. So say say it's like 34 seconds left in the quarter full shot clock 24.


So they're getting it back probably with 10 and they're, you know, maybe 10 seconds. I would say what 14 seconds is the best chance at like a full look? So when I see these possessions, and I promise I'll explain this, there is a moment where you just have to accept they're going to probably be able to run something and it's gonna be a halfway decent look. But the team that has the ball will still run the shot clock down to one as if they're preventing the other team from having time that's already in there. And yes, you could talk about offensive rebounds or a ball that goes outbound. It's, we got the ball back with 11 seconds left. There are a ton of shit attempts in this scenario because guys are acting as if they're running down a clock to a point that like doesn't exist.


The other team is most likely in all the scenarios you run going to have enough time. And so, hey, if you had a good look with five seconds left on the shot clock and that meant there's 15 game or 19 game clock and their game, their shot clock is off like it take the shot with five seconds left on the shot clock. You don't have to run that down to one 'cause they're still getting the ball back with plenty of time for a decent look anyway. And guys have really emphasized running that down to the last possible second when there's still going to be time that you can't work off the clock other than offensive rebound and some of the other stuff. We need a whole Sloan conference study on how stupid the Two for one is. I will not be invited. Can I say one thing on the Tatum end of the game shot clock off Because you're not gonna answer it.


No. 'cause normally I like it. Guess what? I don't like it as much when an and Obie is guarding him. Well that, I mean I think an and Obie is a nightmare. I've been so impressed. I mean he's had a really good season. I think he's had a really good stretch. Knew he was there. He's He's A fucking nightmare. He's a nightmare. I don't think Tatum can go buy him 'cause he's so strong and he moves his feet. So we've seen over and over again with Brown and Tatum, when they go against him, it's like watching somebody try to open a front door that won't open and they're just like, no, no, it's gonna open and they're banging. You can't get by him. So I need to find on synergy 'cause we don't have a second spectrum anymore. I need to find how many shot attempts he's defending. And sometimes again, this shit, you'll see the number and you see the graphic and if you have time to look at it, you're like, all right, well I don't, but I would imagine that the staff is going, we do not wanna switch into him.


Yeah. And granted if it's the end of the shot clock and you don't have really any choice and there's nothing else to do, but we need to avoid ISO on ball attacks against this dude. My favorite part of him Bill, is during that Detroit series, they're trying to get him off of Kate as much as they possibly can. Right. And he would still find it also helps if a big is somebody you don't care about as much in popping out. Which was supposed to be a big difference in, in how some of these teams are matching up with each other to your pinga point. But his fight to get back into the play and challenge, even though he's been kind of run off with a screen. Yeah, I mean he's, he's at that size man. He's, he's really special and it's just kind of fun to get to watch it at this level of the season.


He's been a big winner of the playoffs. If I'm the Celtics near the end of the games or the end of the plays or when I need a basket, I just feel like there's better options and all of them are better. Especially if towns is out there and Brunson is out there, whoever is guarding the, whoever those guys are guarding. That's my first thought. And even if that means we're, we have Peyton Pritchard with Mitchell Robinson on the right side and he's gonna go one-on-one with him with 17 seven seconds left. I like it 'cause I, I just, I just feel like there's ways to attack this team that for whatever reason they weren't doing it. Well. We'll see what happens tomorrow night. I think the Celtics are gonna be in for a really hard game tomorrow. I mean it's not a game I would bet.


And I'm worried about the next did game three. No How many margaritas The entire day. Yeah, I mean it sounds like you were pretty on it. I mean it wasn't like you were breaking down Minnesota Golden State had like, I know, why aren't they playing bogan? We had forwarder in the game but I was also like powering water. 'cause that's the vet move. People don't realize. You don't realize that when you're in college. Just drink a lot of water forties. It gives you like superhuman. Yeah. All right, one more break for the podcast then we gotta talk lottery.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats Summer is almost here. And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered a cabana. That's a no. A banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. No, but a box fan Happle. Yes. A day of sunshine. Nope. A box of fine wines. Yeah. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now Alcohol and select markets product availability may vary by Region C app for details.


This episode is brought to you by degree original, cool Rush deodorant. Remember last year people got really mad when degree changed their cool rush formula. One dude even started a petition. What was up with that guy? Well guess what degree listened. They admitted they messed up. They're bringing back the original cool rush cent. And thank God you've gotta love what a brand can own its mistakes. And it's in Walmart, target and other stores right now for under $4. Grab some find out why it's been the number one men's and to purse sprint for the last decade. By the way, you should put that on. Especially, we're about to hit the summer, it's getting sweaty in the summers, the original degree cool rushes back and it smells like victory for all of us.


Lottery karma rankings. I did, I used to do this as a column once upon a time. I did not send you my list. I was just gonna go through and have it react. I'll read you the teams with the odds and their top four odds and basically come down to who I think should win from a karma standpoint for the lottery. All right, so what does that entail? What does that mean? Karma for a lottery, What does it mean? Yeah, Did you behave the right way as an organization and a basketball team? Did you bastardize your season Ethical tanking what you're saying?


Ha have you won in the past? Have you already been given a bunch of lottery carrots over, this is your Cleveland Point. Does the Cleveland Point won The Lottery lottery three times in four years? It was fucking ludicrous. I by the way, just a quick aside, when you would lose your mind to a non-receptive audience on tv, I enjoyed it. Thank you. Because you weren't really even talking to anybody. I don't even know if you were talking, you were just so mad. Like you shouldn't Happen. That one killed. Yeah. Yeah. Everybody's just staring at me. Are you just doing the right thing as an organization? Are you on a good run? Right? Do you, do you deserve it? Basically because you're just doing the right things.


You're making good decisions, you're picking good players, maybe good trade. You're the news, don't lie. Right? So anyway, my number one team for the Lottery Karma rankings, drum roll, the Houston Rockets, they have 3.8% odds to win the number one pick and 17.3 to win the top, get in the top four. They got the pick from that Brooklyn trade they have. So this is basically Phoenix's pick and I still to this day, didn't really love the James Harden trade that much that they made for Brooklyn, but it turned out fine. But they've made a lot of good draft picks and they've set themselves up in a really nice way.


I even like the Shang goon green contracts. They did. I'm interested to see what they do this summer. And I think if everyone in the lottery, they've earned the right to say like, you know what, we've just done it the right way here the last couple years. So that'd be my first pick your reaction. Wow. Hard to argue when we go based on your criteria. Okay, number two by the way, what if Houston gets the top four? They become a content machine for The Ringer and for our pods content machine. I thought we were gonna do 30 minutes of Giannis to the Thunder today.


Don't think I didn't have it written down for alternate. I had a prep Denver wins. No, it was like shit. Like this is now, this is now happening is by the way, For Reeves a like how does that work? Go Ahead. Can I give you some Giannis intel? Please do. Everyone in Milwaukee thinks he's coming back now granted the weeks pass and you never know. But I don't think they're expecting a trade request Trade. Can I ask you a follow up? Yeah, yeah. Say the thunder word to lose from prey calls. It's like okay I'm just gonna, I'm gonna crank up our ceiling.


Would it behoove the bucks? Which I've said from the beginning, if Giannis goes, hey I'm fine, then you just keep 'em. And if it means you win 50 games and you just Proactively trade 'em without even asking him. Yeah, yeah. Go. I don't wanna do this again In 26. Yeah. Who do I get it from? OKC. Holmgren has to be in it, right? He has to be in it. I'm not hanging up unless he's in it. Well You need good players because of the draft stuff that you Yeah, because We have the laid but Holmgren has to be in the trade. Well I imagine you have to get somebody good. Yeah. So would you rather have Chet than Jalen Williams? Oh, I'd rather have Chet. I would rather have Chet too. I'm Very excited about Chet.


I'd like him to be a little more confident in that three if he misses a couple early ones. But you know, we could get there at the end of this round. So who knows What Is he 20? Is he 22, 23? A big Chet fan that I think the only thing that worries me is the, the, he's had two injuries already and now granted it's like, well what? But I just, yeah, injured big guys Make me nervous. My next one body Fat of 6%. My number two team in the lottery Karma rankings the Washington Wizards. 14% odds for number 1 52 0.1 to be in the top four. And first of all, I liked their draft last year. They've changed their organization around.


I don't think they've been like crazy. Just fun. I even kind of like the Jordan Pool trade looking back like fine, Especially if you're tanking. This is more selfish. We need more good players in the east and you and I need more good players than the 4:00 PM PT games. I just feel like we're light, we're just stack. I Can't watch the Pistons. All 82. Yeah. What are we gonna do? Is we get the Pistons, some Celtic games. Like we just, I think I've Watched enough Atlanta Need to beef up. We need to beef up those, that crew. And I just feel like I like the way they've handled the last couple years for the most part. So that was a strong number two you reaction, like that crew, they have one in the past a couple times At least there feels like there's a plan and direction and look, winger is a stud.


Everybody's talked about the stuff he did at OKC, what he's done with the Clippers. So he is, he's a guy that I know privately that I would, I guess I'm saying it publicly, like if the wizards end up with it, good for him, good for winger, good for this fan base because you know, no one's that fan base that was a fun team that you never took that seriously, but it's kind of a sneaky awesome fan base and oh yeah, they have had, they have had nothing. They have had like think about the caps, think about the commanders. Yeah. Like those are, those are some of the best fan bases in their respective sport. And this basketball team, like going back to Jeff Malone and you know when they had Ruland, Frankie Johnson Robinson, that terrible, terrible 1986 trade with the Sixers.


But it was a team that you were always like, oh you know, they may bring it tonight. And it was it, I don't know, they always felt like a little bit more on the radar. And this is a very, very long time. You know, flirtation with the, the Westbrook Beal run that year when Beal probably showed us enough of like, oh is that guy gonna be a dude that checks on on the team? Yeah. I, I think it's a really, 'cause I think of the fan base too. I think of the fan base a little bit and what they deserve and I think that fan base is long overdue for some good news. Yeah, they won Wall. The last really fun team that seemed like they had a chance to maybe make the finals was that 2017 team that lost to the one and only Kelly Lin.


They had a fun arenas run there for about a split second in the mid two thousands. Yeah. And they had a fun split second with Sea-Web and Jowan and Rod Strickland and whatever that was. Even though they got swept in round one. People remember it fondly now. But Think about this like think about it's pretty good what you're reaching for. I know here for Listen, I've known House since 1988 and he's never had anyone remotely approaching Cooper Flagg, the best players he's had since I've known him, which is two thirds of my life now. Were Bernard King in the 1990 Sea-Web. The the not washed up but getting there. Mitch Richmond and then Arenas and then Bradley B and Wall.


So anyway, I have them second number three. Portland By way by the way, real quick. I'm putting you on the spot. What do you think their highest win total was in the eighties? Oh, I don't, definitely not in the fifties. Probably like 45 and 37. That's Why you're the, that's why you're the best. Is that what it was? 43, 39 in 1982? Yeah, They've been horrible. Remember the head coach and they won the 78 title and that was almost 50 years ago. All right, so third one, they won the title so long ago that the team that they beat has not been in their city for 20 years. That's how long it's been. Number three, Portland. They won 48 games that year too. That's weird.


44 number one odds for Portland. 3.8, top four, 16.9. The reasons here. The Dame trade was the right trade. I think they get rewarded for that. The Obia trade was probably the sneaky move of the summer last year. We're still in it with our guys. Scoot. I like that. Weird collection assets. The Billups coaching hire turned out to be pretty good. I think they extended him and it's arrow pointing up in a lot of ways this would be a good spot for Cooper. I like it. Except for, I just feel like, does that diminish Scoot Star Or does it lift him All your arguments for both?


Yeah, It gets tough after the top three silla for the lottery Karma rankings. So you think it's a, a clear tier. One of those three teams, Houston have done it that deserve it, done it the right way. Houston, Washington, Portland, fourth one, Utah number one odds 14%. They have the best. They're in the one spot. So even if a couple teams jump them, they'll still be there. Six teams have never had the first pick in the draft. Can you name them? Utah's one of them. So there's a hint. Utah, Toronto. No, they had it with Ani. Yep.


L Magico. It's a really hard question. It is a tough question. Has Dallas ever had it? Yep. They have Mark Oguire. I'll give you the six Denver Nuggets. The Indiana Pacers, the Memphis Grizzlies who famously came one spot away from LeBron James 2003. One of the Great West Lottery reactions of all time Miami Heat have never, never had the number one pick in the Oklahoma City's thunder. I've somehow never had the number one pick. So Utah, they took care of Will Hardy, which I appreciated.


They gave him a contract till 2031. Like sorry dude. Sorry we had to make you do that The last two years. Their owner has been great. I think he's probably the best kind of new wave owner the league's brought in in the last 10 years. But they did, they did really tank pretty aggressively. But I think it would be fun to have Flag go to this team. So I'm gonna overlook some stuff with them. I have them fourth your reaction. I believe they should be in tier one. I mean we sit here, we want up to play the tanking game and say that the Wizards did it the right way and then Utah did it the wrong way. And I'm sure plenty of basketball people would agree with you. But look, Mitchell was gonna want out.


They cleaned up on the Rudy thing, they hit reset on a team that, you know, we just pointed out earlier in the pod. Remember when they won all those games and it was yeah 59 win profile team and then immediately they're like, Hey boys, this is the playoffs. It's gonna, it's not gonna translate like it does for other teams. You know, sometimes you regular season the playoffs. I think the most important part of this, you've got me on whatever tier of ethical tanking you have these teams rank through. But as far as what Utah needs, okay. What they need is a guy that may want to actually stay in Utah for 10 years. Yeah. I think the only way they're ever going to get somebody who's a franchise changing player is to get a Cooper flag in the draft.


They're not gonna be a destination for free agency. Even though I've heard Ryan Smith, the owner like laid it out like, hey we're not small market. Like look how great, yeah. All these things. I think if you're a simple guy you'd actually like to play in Salt Lake. I think Salt Lake's oddly confusing to a lot of different people. Like it's just, it's, it's kind of more convenient than Denver Salt Lake's awesome. Right? I'm buying Salt Lake Stock Salt. I am with you. I'm buying Salt Lake. They have a stock team. They don't have Street Like Denver. So that's a Positive. They got rid of Sundance. I think that helps the cap that's out. Yeah. Sundance going to Boulder. Never made it. Yeah.


Alright. I'm, I'm happy to consider them being in tier. They should be tier tier one. Tier one because I just, I, the Will Hardy thing made me bad mad 'cause I think he's a really good coach And you just removed two years of like imagine if you, like when you came to work for us in 2018, I was like, yo, first two years I'm gonna need you to really just like fuck up the first 15 minutes of your podcast. 'cause we need the downloads to be down and then you can try and try some stuff. But I don't really want it to be good yet. But 2021, I really want the pod to be good. So just kind of So you'd say, Hey we wanna suppress You Don value. No, don't try.


This Is a terrible analogy. It's not gonna work. I'm just trying. But imagine being in the, being in the position of like, don't do your best. Hey, we're not, There's gonna be ways to win this game. Don't use them. We're gonna have to have you do everything still over the phone. This whole Zoom thing you're seeing on the shows. Let's move to video. Just two more years. Audio only. Well, I mean I, I just think that sucks to be like, this is how I have to coach is like my organization doesn't want me to win. But we both agree that's what you have to do when you're Utah. You have to play it that way. It's just a kind I founding thing about the league, If you're trading for somebody, you know, that's probably a small target of like who gets traded for That's a franchise changing player that's like, I'm here and I wanna stay.


You're probably not gonna be able to use your cap space on anybody. Yeah. So you need somebody to come through, which I think this is a great organization. Whether it's ownership, age, Xanax, Hardy. I am probably a little too, like I would do wonder if Hardy in a private moment with a, with a beer with a couple friends says, well it looks like I'm not catching Popovich anytime soon. Right. Because all of those numbers are when you pull up his basketball reference, it's like, that's what my winning percentage is and that's what my record says it is. You could also argue too, it's like we're gonna give you this, this shot at a very young age to be this coach and maybe there's a different path you're stuck in as a second or third assistant somewhere else and you don't even get this opportunity until seven or eight years later.


Yeah. The Spurs Coach It. My argument for Utah and why I want them to win the lottery is this Cooper flag in Salt Lake. Salt Lake would be the most important piece for a franchise that needs it considering all the challenges that they have faced historically in transactions. I'll move them up to tier four. Tier one you, you sold me. I think Washington would have a same kind of impact though. I think he's a game changer for them. They've never had a player come in who is like an I'm gonna make everyone better on this team guy in the last 40 years. Right. That which is what we think he is. He's a, You think he'd have a Jordan Pool quote be like, this guy's gonna be all right off the bench.


Like Twan about Pierce. Remember that Turn pool's. Like I can't wait to teach 'em everything I know. All right, next one is Brooklyn. Their number one odds are 9.9%. Top four 37%. You know, they sabotaged year one of the Jordy era. They might've been like a 38 30, they might've been a play in team and they were just like, no way. So I gotta ding them for that. But you know, they've been all over the map. Sean Marks I guess can just never get fired. But the, the KG trade turned out to be just a grand slam. So you almost like get rewarded for that. Right. All the stuff they got in that trade that's still going and going and going.


I wouldn't be upset if they won. I, you know, there's a whole case of can Brooklyn even survive unless they had a guy like this in New York City. Like when you think about what happened with the Knicks this year, I just think Brooklyn's gonna be the ugly stepchild of New York basketball forever. Unless they get a guy like this. So that's the case for it. And Phoenix Pizza outside Barclays. I got, I'm gonna throw that in there too for Karma. Great pizza. I think for all the same reasons that we, I don't know. Utah still has more challenges than Brooklyn would, But there's nothing, right? Because we've seen seen Brooklyn Lure guys already. Right? There's nothing on this Brooklyn roster that even gets you excited to the point of like even Lowry marketing.


Yeah. Charlotte's next 14%. Number one odds played the game like everybody else did. New ownership. I like Charles Lee. I wonder if you get flagged how many guys are still on this team Two years from now, if you get flag, which over under two and a half, would you go over or under two years from now, You'd say two and a half Is the number, number over, over two and a half. Who's on the 2020 8, 29 season roster? Well, it's already two with Lalo and Miller. So Lalo, we sure kind of.


Yeah. Are we Well Miller, who? I don't know Miller. I don't know. I just looks like he's Gonna be really good. I Yeah, sure. I dunno. I don't trust I I the, The same day Mar Williams has already been traded. Miles, bridges is different conversation. Grant Williams leadership council. Oh Your guy Saloon. I don't know. Do you bought a saloon salon? I saloon. Whatever his name is. I dunno if people Forgot. That's how bad this year went. Yeah. Not a strong rookie year. Yeah, it's salon Some tough basketball reference. I told you I liked watching. I didn't know if it was gonna be any good or not.


I Didn't sell the stock yet but I, you know, I do have a red flag next to it. Chicago number one odds 1.8%. But I like some of the trades that they recently made. We we're just, we're in a weird territory here 'cause we've got Toronto number one odds, 7.5%. You and I have paid Make the Case, wait, wait make the case for Chicago because isn't there something to be said of like, No, they've, they're, it's pathetic that they don't spend money, right? I don't think, I think they've spent the tax once in 15 years, but I just like some of the guys on the team. So I was thinking from a karma standpoint, I enjoy Kobe White, I like Giddy Voch.


I've enjoyed putting flag on that team. I think would be, would be fun. That's really the only case. Co Zeus Posters, Possibly Toronto 7.5%. You and I have not liked their moves. I the only reason they're this high is 'cause there's four other teams that have to be lower than them. And I don't really make, I can't come up with a case for Toronto. I have nothing to add. Okay. Now we're in the bottom four. New Orleans, their number one are 12.5%.


They've drafted really well, which we've talked about many, many times. They've made some really bad trades. They seem like they're jinxed as a franchise and as a basketball city. This would be the one city I'd be actually worried for Cooper Flag if he went there because it just seems like nothing good happens there. But the fun piece is from a Karma basketball, if they did get flagged, it opens up content left and right for us. There's so many possible traits, they might be good right away. It could be like he could swing them by 20 wins potentially. Just 'cause they already had a lot of talent in place. So that part's fun. But man, it just feels like they've had a lot of luck already with like, they won the Zion lottery.


You know, like it's hard to say, oh man, they're due like, they literally won one of the three hardest lotteries that we've had for what people wanted in the last 15 years. So that's the case for New Orleans. Foreign against, yeah, I probably would like them to get it a little bit more. I don't know if it hits a reset on the franchise. My guess is most owners wouldn't win the lottery and they'd be like, okay, cool. Now let's be bad around just winning the lottery and yeah, maybe I don't know what to believe on whether or not there's a, everybody's all on the same page about keeping Zion. I just don't how many more years you can keep going into a season like hoping this thing is going to work out and even if you traded him, ended up being a star somewhere else.


Because I think there's a history there where it's like, well look what Baron Davis did when he left. What, what happened with Chris Paul when he left? Yeah. Look what happened when Anthony Davis when he left. If that's bleeding your rescission making, then I don't think you are making the right decision with this. But we all realize how special Zion could be when it's out. I don't even care if I traded him and he was awesome somewhere else. I could not go back into another season having every one of our hopes tied to somebody where it feels like it just ends bad all the time. And if you win the lottery with Cooper and Trey Murphy, I would start, you know, again, nobody, nobody likes when the media's just sitting there telling everyone to blow it up all over again. But they might be the perfect candidate for it because they have drafted, well there's other players. Like we didn't even mention Herb Jones anymore because he is been hurt.


Yeah. I would just try to figure out what I could do. Murray's out for most of the year. Yeah. And you know, CJ's a nice player. There's probably still some value there. It doesn't mean you're gonna have like seven guys aspiring this off season. Yeah, this next year is, yeah, he's an expiring heading into next season. Got It, got it, got it. I looked up the Zion contract stuff to familiarize myself with it and I thought there was like partial guarantees they could let him go before July 15th and just get completely out of it. Which I, I wouldn't do that. That's, I had forgotten that that was an option. No, 'cause Sean's brought it up. Remember when he wasn't playing by the way, they could just go ahead to me. That's insane. They're still, there's always another team that's thinking if we get him with us, the ceiling version of Zion with us, that guy is not for free.


I know what you're saying, but I've heard the argument before. There's no way you would just go, ah, let's just, I'm not saying I would do it, I'm just saying it's in play. It's a thing that could do. Sounds. Okay. You're saying it's in play, but it's, You know what else else is in play? What's that? They could trade for somebody who takes the Zion contract and immediately intends to waive the contract because this will be their way to get out of a shitload of money. I just don't think that he is at that point where you would want nothing or acquire him to get off of money to then waive him. You know why? You're right. Because you could do this all again next year. Yeah. You could take, even if you're trading for him, you could take a flyer and I'm knowing that all right, if this goes badly again next year, I could just get out of it and wave him again.


But I just, everyone is so desperate to shed money. I just think it's notable that somebody makes $39 million a year who could match with anyone in trade. You could then wave and get out of all the money, all the apron shit that comes with it. I don't, I I don't think that's nothing. It's my worst fear for the Celtics. What? That they would trade for Zion and then wave them Like the new owner is like, now that I have the team, guess what? We're cutting costs. We've traded for Zion and we're waving them. Sounds like somebody was having some down oh, two thoughts That I think this is my fourth margarita. The knick started to come back. I was like, oh my God. All right. Bottom three, San Antonio third from last number one odd 6.8.


They won with Weby. That's really the only reason I can't have nothing else. You can't win with The Admiral Dunkin Wema. And then you get Cooper Flag and then Cooper Flag's Fucking Ridiculous because I know everybody was listening like, hey the Spurs, they do it the right way. That's the the Nice thing. Yeah. They they've had too much luck. Now we're good. You get Duncan wem stop. No one's gonna agree with us. We are right. We're right. Which leads us to the second or last Karma team, the Philadelphia 76 ERs. Their number one odds are 10.5%, top four, 42%. If it falls seven or lower, they're in the five spot. Now if two teams jump them, OKC gets their pick. I just don't think you should be able to stumble in a Cooper flag after the summer they had last year. It's ridiculous.


It's outright ridiculous. I'd be happy for Maxie, I'd be happy for McCain. But the indeed Extension combined with the Paul George four years and, and trotting out the big three media dialogue and the title stuff and all of it. If it leads to Cooper Flag, that's outrageous. No offense to our Philly fan friends. It would be outrageous. It really would be. That was wanted to happen. People are gonna be so pissed off. Like people are gonna Be so mad because it was, This is how it played out really. Right. It wa it wasn't just that this was on the table is when everything was falling apart and then you were looking at their record and then the Sixers are gonna, those games being like, you think you're fucking tanking.


Yeah, we're fucking tanking. You me introducing to Bona, Oh hey Nets. You wanna play hard in the fourth quarter? Yeah. We're running ISOs for Edwards. Like, fuck you Guys. They were ready to like Tonya Harding. Quentin Grimes. They were just gonna hire some fat guy to hit him on the side of the side of the leg on the bench. Well, Toronto kept winning these games 'cause their defense was somehow incredible this late into the season and or they had that stretch. I would, I would say that, yeah, you're like, how the hell's Toronto keep winning some of these games games? But Philly and I see, I think Philly like in a way I I like what they did where They're like, we're not screwing around.


Yeah. Even though Quentin Grimes for that, that stretch, it's like, are they gonna cost them this top six protection on this thing? So we were chasing the top six protection, we're falling all that stuff. Like are they gonna actually lose this? Pick like the worst case scenario of what could happen here considering how bad the season is, like on top of everything else. And guess who else has the pick? Oh great, it's OKC. What a shocker to then getting Cooper Flag. I think that'd be a lot for, for people to handle. I think people would rather the Spurs with it, the 76 ERs Embi, think of the headline. Embi excited to take Cooper flag under his wing, a new long ESPN feature. Last but not least now it's weird because they should be last than the Lottery Karma rankings.


But they, you could also make a case, they should be first Because of the fans. The Dallas Mavericks, number one odds, 1.8%, top four, 8.5% to do that Luca trade and then end up with Cooper Flag would be a moral outrage. Not even an outrage. I'd be morally outraged. My morals would be discombobulated by it. I just can't believe that's how it would work out. It would make me so mad. Like, really, you motherfuckers just got Cooper Flag after making the dumbest trade anyone else has ever seen and it worked out and you got Cooper Flag out of it. I, but on the other hand, hand for the Mavericks fans who are as traumatized and upset about a trade as any fan base I've ever seen since I've started to like sports, I'd be happy for them.


But I think they have to be last. I feel like the fan part should prevent them from being last. Like, why are the Sixers, You go, you go last, the Why are the Sixers, what about San Antonio? Because at least they be rewarded for what? They've done some good stuff. San Antonio, the Fox trade was good. Castle Pick was good. They, they tanked while also seeming like they cared about the season, which I think is a hard line to straddle. Yeah. But see, I, I'm, that's almost why I appreciate Daryl and the Sixers were going, you guys want to act like there's these rules of engagement shit.


You guys want to have one of those operations where it's like, yeah, we're sort of invading this area, but we're kind not because we gave it a title like you ever wanna go through and just laugh your ass off. Look at some of the military operations titles, just the branding of them to try to make everybody feel a little bit, bit like nothing's even called a war anymore. And when I think about what the Sixers did, yeah, you're like, you could call this whatever you want. Label whatever you want. Yeah. There are no rules. Like we're doing this. It was ba Spot nobody will remember in a year. Yeah. And you know, look, whether it's that Dallas argument years ago where it felt like it was terrible or the Doug Peterson Philadelphia Eagles thing where it made sense for the Eagles to lose that game.


But because it's the national broadcast and we're seeing it happen in real time and everybody's got their phones out and there's no other games on distract us from it, then it becomes this like, act against humanity. And I, I don't like the, like I know what you're saying, where the Spurs did it in the decent way. Right. Utah wasn't perhaps this decent. Yeah. Take, you know, again, we're keep using that word that everybody loves about ethical tanking or ethical hoops. I don't know. That just feels, that feels nasty to have Dallas last. But I know you're thinking about Nico and maybe there was some after Luca, the Lakers lost in five games. The people in the media that suggested somehow we needed to revisit the Nico Harrison conversation.


Yeah. Like this is like watching a four by 100 relay and seeing the first handoff and going, well that's over. This is not when you're evaluating this. And by the way, again, it has nothing to do with what the Lakers or Luca didn't do in the playoffs this year. It has everything to do with the execution of this historically bad trade. So even if it turns out in five years like Lucas heard and like, Hey, was Nico right? The process will forever be wrong when that team gets, gets eliminated. Go ahead. When Reeves gets traded this summer and he will get traded and the stuff that they get back for him is gonna make it seem even worse that they didn't get him in the trade. I know, I know.


It's a TV show and this is somebody who's done this for a long time. You know what's happening in those pre-show meetings, be like, Hey, do we need to revisit the Nico conversation? It's like, I don't know, what's the rest of the rundown look like? Like, ah, we're kind of like, you know, there's no football stuff. It's like, all right, you know, maybe we'll throw it in the D Yeah, I, I can do two more minutes on Nico. Yeah, just set me up and Yeah. And then sometimes that itself is the segment. Ask the question and then you just shoot down the entire idea. But anyone that really is paying attention, again, I shouldn't even phrase it that way, sane people would go, this is not a conversation that we can have right now because of an elimination in one year of the playoffs. So go ahead. We Have to go. Yes. So I always grab a Dream team cup when I do the pod.


I love that you do that. I didn't notice that I grabbed John Stockton. I just grabbed one. Does it mean anything that I grabbed John Stockton for the lottery? Coincidence Cooper, I had 12 choices of Dream Team Cups, I guess Malone or Stockton. So it was a one in six chance. I was grabbing a Utah thing, which is basically the exact same odds that they have in the lottery. So I grab a John stock that don't think about it. We'll see tomorrow night if it's a coincidence. All right, Priscilla, we're gonna watch this game. We're gonna for the podcast, we're gonna put at the very top of the podcast our thoughts on the Cleveland game that we're about to watch. And we'll tape a little stuff at the top, but I enjoyed myself as usual.


Good to see you Racc. See you in a bit. Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Racc and Eduardo and Gaal, don't forget I'm coming back tomorrow night with another podcast. Re watchable. Push till Tuesday. You still have an extra day to watch Death Wish, which is quite a movie, quite a seventies movie. And I will see you in 24 hours. Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in President dc.


Gambling problem, call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg-help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or Text HOPE NY in New York.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra. What do I look forward to every NBA playoffs season? Well, I'm always hoping the Celtics do well. I'm always hoping we have great storylines. Great games, great matchups, great game sevens. I just hope for good basketball. But the NBA playoffs, they're even better with Michelob Ultra, the official beer partner of the nba. Plus, they're getting fans closer to the game with a chance to win courtside tickets and more. Enter now at michelob belcher.com/courtside. Michelob Belcher superior access Courtside 2024 to 25 sweepstakes, no purchase necessary. Open to US residents. 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit mic low belcher.com/superior access slash courtside for free. Entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules, message and data rates may apply void. Where prohibited.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. Every basketball team that's still alive in the playoffs has one thing in common. Their key trades and signings throughout the season paid off giving each team the talent needed to make a run at the championship. With a small business, your success directly depends on the new talent you add to your team. And a great place to find that talent is LinkedIn. You know, hiring is a big deal for small businesses, not only because small businesses are wearing so many hats, but also because every hire is crucial for a growing company. That's why LinkedIn pairs you with the best candidates using data you won't find anywhere else from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. So find your next grid. Hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.