
Coming up the Oakland A's. Million dollar Picks ESPN Weird Pod.


Next, it's The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel Football. Finally back you can dive into all the action with FanDuel, they have the best betting app. They have the most bets, they have parlays, they have same game parlays, they have boosts. I'm gonna be doing boosts every single week during the N NFL season. And you can trail those. I love FanDuel. The app is safe, secure, and easy to use. And when you win, you'll get paid instantly. Plus, look out for FanDuel Squares this NFL season. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one sports book. The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available. And listen to the end of the episode. For additional details must be 21 plus President select States's game problem Call win hundred gambler. Visit rg-help.com.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. It's normal to worry about your kids, but did you know you could worry it a little less with a SimpliSafe home security system, it'll help protect you and your family when you need it most. And you know when you realize you need SimpliSafe, if you subscribe to one of those neighborhood newsletters and you get those notifications this happened, that happened, and you go, wait, that's only a couple blocks from me. Well, right now is the time to get SimpliSafe for a limited time. Get an exclusive 50% discount on a new system, plus a free indoor security camera with Fast Protect monitoring just by visiting SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network Put up a new re watchable on Monday night. We did over the top. You can watch it on The Ringer movies YouTube channel, or you can just listen to it. you can also listen to The Ringer WNBA show because we launched that last week in time for the WNBA playoffs or went chalk for round one. But they're about to get really good. So please subscribe to that podcast. you can hear here at Zoey and a cast of rotating co-hosts coming in to breakdown whatever is happening. if you like this podcast, you can watch it on our YouTube channel, which is the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. We ran a lot of the clips we do, cousin Sal and I live on Sunday nights as well.


And then on the on YouTube TV we have The Ringer Sunday pre-Game, which is an excellent, excellent show. Starts at 11 et and runs really 90 minutes. And I think it's the best gambling show pre-game show. So please check that out. That's also on FanDuel tv and I hope you have checked out Mr. McMahon on Netflix. It went up yesterday, it was number two on Netflix. We just could not edge out the Menendez brothers. They were too crafty. I really thought Vince could could take 'em, but you know, there's two Menendez brothers. But anyway, a lot of people are watching it and it's been really fun to finally get it out there. 'cause we spent a lot of time on that. We talked about it on Tuesday as well on this podcast.


So anyway, Mr. McMahon on Netflix, check it out this weekend. Coming up on this podcast. We're gonna talk to Logan Murdock about the last Oakland A game in Oakland. We're gonna talk to Bryan Curtis to recap a pretty crazy day where ESPN laid off Zach Lowe. And what does this mean as we head into the end of 24 into 25 for ESPN, what it wants to be. It just kind of felt like a moment and, and obviously we worked with Zach and we love Zach, but it was more like, what does this mean for ESPN? Big picture. And then last but not least, we're gonna talk to Joe House and do million dollar picks with him and talk about why this might be a let's Be Careful week.


So that's the podcast first. Our friends from Pearl Jam. All right, we're probably committing an HR violation here, Logan murder.com. Paternity leave. I think this is the first time I've ever asked anyone on paternity leave or maternity leave to say, Hey, come on, we gotta, we gotta do something here. But this is a momentous day. The Oakland A's Last home game tonight, you wrote about for It's Happening right now.


It's happening right Now actually. It's happen as We speak. As we speak. Yeah. We're taping this on in the afternoon. You wrote about this for The Ringer. This is the last of the three Oakland teams to lead the city over the last five years. Oakland now will have no professional sports after this weekend. So I had to ask, what, how are you feeling? What's going on? I'm feeling just a range of emotions. I'm sad first and foremost that my team is leaving. This is probably the Raiders are probably the team that I have the most connection to. But The A are a team that has always kind of been here. Whereas like the Raiders have always been, some has been defined by, its like nomadic history, you know, just going from Oakland to LA and, and the Vegas, right?


So you kind of expected the Raiders to leave at some point, but you never really expected The A to leave. And it's, it's weird. I went to a, you referenced a piece that I did. I went to a game a few months ago and I, there was emotions coming out that I didn't feel, I didn't even know were even there. You know, like it's, I don't think there's, I don't, the only other comparison to like a tea, it's like if the Mets left New York or something like that, right? Like it's not this, the relationship with baseball in this region is, is pretty special, right? Because you have the giant, you have two iconic franchises, not even le less than 10 miles from each other in the Giants in The A. And you know, they've, it's not like a Clippers Laker situation where one team is kind of irrelevant and another team is, is the cream of the crowd?


Like, no, you had two teams that you had to draw battle lines with, right? Like, yeah, we're talking about The A today, but you know, I can, I, I, I can't wear a Niners if I'm cold and it's freezing. I can't wear a Niners jacket, I can't do it. There's no way that that's even happening because it's just in my DNA to hate that team. And now there's no other team, there's not gonna be any other teams to root for other than San Francisco teams or teams in San Francisco for this region. And that's really tough. You know, the East Bay had its own identity, specifically Oakland had its own identity through these sports teams, and it's really hard to recreate that. I know we have like the Oakland ballers and we have like some semi-pro teams out here, but it's not gonna be anything like The A.


It's not gonna be anything like the Raiders, the Warriors too, even, right? Like I covered that team. They were in Oakland when they won their, went on their dynastic runner, most of it. And you know, I, I feel a lot of range of emotions. I feel, I feel sad that my team's gone. I feel anger because John Fisher, one of just bar none, like the worst owner in sports right now. I mean, if you had to put like a, if you had to put a ranking for bottom tier owners, he's, he's right there and he's in the Pain. Oh, he doesn't even, there's nobody else in the finals. It's just the one man finals John Fisher tier. It's right there. It's just him playing against himself. But like, it's, it's been really just gut wrenching. And he put out a letter like a couple days ago talking about just like how sorry he was, and it was just a crock of shit, bill.


I mean, I don't know if you read it, but it was just basically like, we tried to get a a, a stadium built. He did everything in his power to, you know, screw over, you know, not even just like baseball fans, but like team employees, right. And just like, there's, there was a story that came out today in the San Francisco Chronicle about like, he's stiffing benefits of the, of the, the, the stadium workers at the Coliseum, right? Like he's just, just a terrible owner. And to see how this has played out with him is just gut wrenching because I mean, there's a lot of money in the Bay Area. I mean, you can just make one call to Joe Lake and The A are here, right? Yeah. And just to know that it come, came down to somebody who never really put money into the team, never really put money into the organization for years.


Just took the, took a check from the league, from the, what is it? The TV money. He just took the, took the, took the, took the TV money from the league, didn't reinvest into the team, didn't reinvest into the organization, the revenue share. He just took revenue share checks his whole time. And it's just really disappointing because there's a lot of money in the Bay Area. There's a lot of prideful fans on the East Bay that are not gonna have a team, right? Like it's just, or any sort of team. And the fact that the only teams that are available are represent San Francisco and like, I love San Francisco. I got a lot of family in San Francisco. That's great. But that's their team. The Niners are their team. The Giants are their team, right? People Aren't switching over, they're not like, okay, now I'll be a Giants fan.


It's not Happening. Every time I go to my, my family's house in, in San Francisco over in Bayview, they're just talking shit about the Raiders. Like, you know, just, and, and I'm not gonna have that anymore. Right? Like my, my, my kid ain't gonna have that. Like, that's really a, a thing right now. Like I know my kid is gonna be probably be a Giants fan and a and a and a Niners fan. There's nothing that I can do about it. No, you can do Stuff about that. I, I did stuff with my kids. I, they just knew Lakers and Yankees were out and they can go fucking live somewhere else. Like, hey, literally there's your room. if you wanna keep it, you'll not be a Laker fan. So my kid Soon, no, I sent, I sent a, I sent The A, I sent a picture in the group chat of like my Raiders hat with, into like the family Murdoch group chat the other day. And I just got just torched like, why would you just put a loser organization onto your son?


This is at this, at this stage, right. And it's tough, right? Because I can't say anything about it. But The, A are more gut-wrenching because they're gonna go to Vegas and like Vegas doesn't even want them. It's just, I know It's just tough all around the, but he's following this Mark Davis blueprint of Mark Davis takes the Raiders, moves them to Vegas, gets the city to pay for like 40% of the stadium, increased the franchise of the stadium, got in with football in a city that's growing as a sports city. But the Thing is, the different, the key difference is Vegas one of the Raiders. I don't even, I you can't convince me that the, that Vegas even wants The A or baseball in general at this point, Right? Yeah. Who's going to baseball in Vegas? It's Just, and it's not even a dome stadium. Yeah, right. Like, who's gonna stay, bill? I mean, I know you love baseball. Are you gonna go watch a Red Sox in the middle of July in Vegas?


No, I'd never Why you would you do that in a million years? I have some thoughts. So I grew up, the first Red Sox playoff series ever was over Oakland during that last stretch when Oakland to won the three World series in a row. And then we beat them in like The, A LCS. But so there was that Raleigh fingers, Charlie Finley, there was that era, there was that era where they had all the awesome starters with, with Mike Norris and all those guys. Then there was the Ricky era. Yeah. And that, you know, and that kind of bled in that those two kind of bled together. Then they had the Dave Stewart Conseco McGuire, where all of a sudden they seemed like the most important team in baseball. Again, Ricky was also on that team too. Yeah. Rick Was also on those team. Yeah. And then they had the, and then they had the, the Moneyball era.


Yeah. Where with Billy Bean and it, where it seemed like they were just outwitting everybody ends up being a movie. I think what what's so shocking to me about it is, and this is not a new lesson, how much power a bad owner can have. Like I saw this in LA with Sterling, where the, not only is there a bad owner, not only is he ruining the culture, not only is he ruining fans like wanting to even like the team, but you can't get rid of them. They're like the tenant that just figures out like a parasite how to use any Yeah. To use every loophole against the landlord to just never leave. It's like you read those stories on Apple News about this person rented out their back house to somebody and seven years later the person's still there not paying rent.


That's what somebody like John Fisher becomes. And it's the loophole. Professional sports has never figured out. Once you get a team, you can't lose it basically unless you do something awful. So he didn't really do anything awful, but he was an awful owner. And how do you, how do you fix that? How do you stop it? You can't, and now you lose your team. Yeah. And it's like, it's, it's hard to even, that's a hard pill to swallow, right? Like, because even I think about NBA, right? Like I know Sterling got his team, they made himself his, but like David Stern also like made the Maloofs in a roundabout way sell their team, right? And like he did after years of them saying they wouldn't, and there has been like a willingness from Major League baseball of letting this happen in a way that's just really, I don't wanna say criminal because you know, that's a different connotation, but it's terrible.


Right? Like, well it Almost seems like they were cool with maybe shoving baseball outta Oakland and pushing it toward another city. That's how I felt. Yeah. Not knowing anything. Yeah. And then like, I mean, I know there's like connotations of, you know, where the stadium is and things like that, right? In the, in the city of Oakland and, you know, the pandemic has really, really ravaged the city in terms of just homelessness and a lot and, and also just stuff with local city government that is, that is really gone, gone on right now. But I feel like that's been used as a scapegoat for a lot of teams, right? Like, it's not like a team that for most of its existence, at least in the last 30 years, the last long as I've been like, sports teams have really just taken advantage of the fact that, of Oakland's insecurity when it comes to wanting a, a professional team.


The Raiders did it when they came back from Los Angeles and just taking all that public money that honestly just got paid back right after 30 years. And with all that interest being accumulated and you know, that's, it's, it's a, that's something that I was thinking about when I went to the last game was just, yeah, I love these teams, but you know, these teams have also taken advantage of citizens like me, right? Where they're getting these free passes and this is just, this is, this is modern day sports where they're getting these free passes to take public money where public money can probably best served in a school district, which is Oakland is, doesn't have a, or didn't have a great school district when I was growing up, right? And then it's taken away from city funds taken away from stuff that it could, that that could really help the city in a lot of ways, right?


You're not really investing from it, you're actually taking from it. And that's something that the Raiders did. That's something that The A have done for the last few, last few decades as well, right? Like on one hand it's tough to lose a team that, you know, you kind of seep your identity towards. But then on the other hand it's like, well, you're not really investing in us, you're not investing in the citizens, you're not investing in the kids in the next generation in the way that you say you are. So it's a double-edged sword. And that's sports in the modern day, right? Where you talk about private versus public funds and what gets used and what gets taken away. And it's, and then the other side of that, you know, which I dealt with was, you know, like our, our school district was, was was bad. And you know, I had to go to a different route, but I, I was a fortunate one that could, you know, my parents could scrape a little bit of money.


We didn weren't well off by any means. Scrape a little bit of money to go to private schools. But like, I'm the lucky one. You know, there was a lot of people that, that I grew up with didn't have that. And so it's a two-edged sword where you talk about, on the one hand, yeah man, it's cool to have a team where you can take Bart and go to the East Bay and or go to go to East Oakland and watch Derek Jeter, you know, go watch Kobe Bryant, go watch LeBron or go watch Peyton Manning some, one of my favorite times ever was getting to see Peyton Manning on Monday Night Football in like 10 minutes from my house. Like, that was crazy. But on the one hand you have that, but on the other hand, like a lot of people are not getting city funds and not getting what they're supposed to be getting as citizens. Well you're talking about sports extortion.


Yeah. Where these people that own the teams who have money, who know all the loopholes and they threaten, well if you don't do this, you know, you might, we might go, we might go somewhere else and now you're taking funds that could go to all these good places and you're just helping pay for this arena that the people could probably pay for anyway. Yeah. I think the fear of that, and the reason the city's over and over again will do that is what's happening in Oakland right now. Oakland loses three teams, right? Plus Covid. And you think of where, where the city was 10 years ago when everybody was talking about Oakland's on the upswing. You know, all this good stuff's happening here and then now all of a sudden there's no team and whether we wanna admit this or not, so much of a city's identity can come from sports and from the heroes people have and the stadiums and the, the joint experiences.


And once you pull that out, that's the reason like Oklahoma City, when there was even a little hint that they might lose the thunder. Yeah. Like they, they've figured that shit out the marathon. That's, This came the mayors, no, we got this's Kansas City too with the Chiefs, right? Like we're gonna go totally, we're gonna go to Kansas if you don't pay up for Arrowhead or pay up for, you know, stadium improvements. Right. Right. It's happen and it works because there's always people to point to, right? you can point to the Seattle, they lost the Supersonics, they still don't have basketball. you can point to Hartford. Hartford had the whalers. That was a great rival to the Bruins when I was growing up. And that was the Buffalo Braves only thing they had Buffalos. Yeah. Buffalo Braves is another one where you lose that team. And now at least Buffalo had the bills. Hartford has nobody, right? Yeah. They've never had a team, never, never been able to get one back.


Seattle has other teams, but they've never been able to get basketball. And I guess with Oakland now they're gonna say, well, you San Francisco's right there, you can go see. But I don't think that's how people Are wired. Also, bill, you know, like you've been to, you've been to Bay Area, like that bridge psychologically, it's, it's a, it, it's, yeah, 10 minutes or 10 15 minutes away. But it's a whole world away. Like, it, it's not like it's simple as we're gonna get on a bridge. Like it take it from where I live in the East Bay, it takes, it'll probably take an hour to get to a, to a to a to a San Francisco game. And I can see San Francisco from where I live. You know? And it's, it's not that. And also like, you can talk about like, just how much Oakland has been through over the last 10 years, right?


Like yeah, it was popping in Oakland even during, like you, when you came for the Warriors run, right? It was on the up and up. But like also on the other side of that, a lot of my homies were pushed out. A lot of people that looked like me were pushed out through to gentrification, you know? And like Oakland has been through a lot and it's really hard to imagine what's next for this city. Forget a sports team, you know, it, it's, it's, I wanna see what Oakland does as a city going forward because it's really been hit hard over the last few years and it's, it's, and I don't know, like one thing that teams bring is spotlights to other things that are happening into Yeah, it's a good point into what's going on in the region. And you know, I, I want to, I wonder what Oakland is gonna be without that spotlight of just good and bad, right?


Like the spotlight of we need to do better, but also of like, you know, the good things that we are doing because Oakland has a stigma. You know, I, I think it's the greatest place on earth. I, I love being from here. I love, you know, living near here and love being around in Oakland and you know, it is hard to, when you hear an out of town or you know, stay like, oh man, you from Oakland, oh man, it's this, it's that. And then you, then it's like, what? On one hand it's like, what can you say? But also like, it's a beautiful town. It's a beautiful place that has continued to be on the short end of the stick based on all the things that we're talking about. And I'm, I don't, I don't want it to have that stigma, you know, that's gonna be the hard part. Well, you know what's interesting about that?


You made me think of how when I would go to Oakland, I would see the stadiums, right? Yeah. And even like during the Warrior's run from, because right off The, the air airports you get on the freeway, it's right there. you can see the Stadiums and it's like, man, that baseball stadium's in rough shape. Like sometimes you can see the, the sports buildings of cities and say, what, what's going on there? Why don't they have a new stadium? But it was almost like they were intentionally making the baseball stadium worse and worse. Trying to, I don't, that was the one part I didn't understand with Fisher. What was the point of making the baseball stadium like almost a health hazard? Like it, it, it was probably the most unsafe baseball stadium or football stadium or any stadium that anybody in the country had in the last 25 years.


And I didn't, I didn't understand that game plan At all. It was weird sabotage. It just felt like some weird, weird sabotage, right? Because on the other hand, right, like if you were to, to pinpoint the perfect place to put a stadium in Northern California, that site is the perfect one. if you talk, if you wanna talk about publication, getting right there for Bart, it's right next to the airport. But that goes to that, that the reason why teams didn't want be there, and I'm including the Warriors and including the Raiders in this place, because it's a, it's, it's not, I'm trying to say the the right way to say this, but it's, it's, it's, it's a lot of, it's a lot of black and brown people.


It's a lot of, lot low income people. It's not a place where people think that they can sell against advertising or sell, sell a stadium like hey, we could put it in middle of East Oakland. A lot of people with money are scared of that reality. That's why they kept doing the, the Howard terminal when there was a local residents were like, yo, there's a, you already have a stadium and a great stadium site. Why don't you just use that? They were trying to go toward And build around it. That was the big thing and build around it. Yeah. Because you went there and it was just basically the stadiums that was it. And it was traffic in and out. But, But that's what I'm saying. Like, these teams don't want invest in these parts of the town. It instead they want to invest in other places that really don't make as much sense. Because if you, if you were going to go to Howard Terminal, then you're messing with the ports and you're messing with a lot of other people that are black and brown, right?


Yeah. Like you're messing with a lot of other things when you could do it right here. And that's what I'm talking about the, the double-edged sword. 'cause you're like, man, I want my team here, but also they're not investing in us. And that's something that like, that's always been a been on the front of the minds of, of East Bay people in Oakland Citizens general. The flip side of that has been what's happened in Inglewood where they put, you know, SoFi qui bomber just built this awesome Clippers arena and you're seeing money trickle in there now part of that is 'cause it's the opportunity that was one of the only places to develop real estate. But yeah, it's also people trying to invest in that part of extended LA and trying to figure out, you know, could, Could we have stuff down? I would just thing about the Englewood the Englewood thing, man, I wish, I wish that LA's Public Transportation was like even a little bit better.


'cause it is hard as hell to get to the, the forum. So far it's, That's definitely not gonna be easier too. We'll see how it goes with the Cooper Games. But you know, I, my thinking with that is maybe 10 years from now it'll be better. It's weird to me though. 'cause I always thought the, the thing that always struck me going to Warriors games was how convenient it was. Yeah. Off of the airports and the, I it just was a lot easier than maybe some of these other cities and why the right person Didn't, it's really hard to get to Chase Center. Like if you don't, if you go to certain times, it's pretty hard. Like, you know, and whereas going to Oracle, it was, it was like, I don't know, you stay at that one hotel downtown or if you stayed in San Francisco, you take, you know, it's, it's, it's an easier experience just to get around. Well do you think, What if the Warriors lost in that new arena in your opinion?


Because I know you've been there a bunch and I, you know, everybody loved going to the Oakland games, although the 2000 ver version of that was so much better, but still was, there was definitely an atmosphere that, you know, now, it now it just feels very fancy. It's very, it's very sanitized. I I'm really glad I'm not coming back to the top of the year. 'cause I ain't trying to hear nobody from the Warriors get mad at me when I say this. But it's the truth, the, it's Taste Center is just a very plastic version of a modern day stadium. Like, it doesn't, there was a little bit of soul in that, that that finals run. But like you started to see the shift. I would say like even back in the Oracle days from 18 and 19, you started to see the shift in just there would be complaints from the Warriors.


Like, yo, why isn't it as loud as it used to be? Why are people not like, gee, I wonder why, why aren't they into the game? Right. And it's even more so now, especially now that they have those lower level suites. I've never seen lower level suites. I didn't even know what those were until I went to Chase Center. They have those lower level suites where, and you see it on TV when you come back from halftime and there's nobody in the lower bowl, right? Because everybody's in the clubs, they're in the JP Morgan club, they're in the Golden Gate Club and it's a lot, it's a lot more techy now, right? Yeah. Like it's a, it's a, if you, it's a big tech ethos. They're catering now to the Silicon Valley, the South Bay as opposed to, you know what made Oracle magical and I get it right?


Like you wanna make the Warriors wanna make as much money as possible. This is the big one of the biggest windfalls in American history in the tech business, right? You wanna feed off of that. But as a consequence, like it can be dead. if you go to a Tuesday game in January, it's, it could be pretty dead at Chase Center. Well just wait As opposed Like Oracle Just wait, wait till five years from now. And it's like, and here he's Brandon Zeki. Oh man. Yeah. There's no step Curry anymore because he's in Charlotte playing with his dad. Or It's gonna be louder at the Valkyrie games than it is at the, at the lawyers games in about three and a half years. I Was gonna ask you about that. What now? I'm, I'm excited. Wouldn't the, wouldn't the big win would've been to put that team in the old Oracle.


Yeah, but here's another Thing with that. They tried to, tried to juice it back up. I know why they couldn't. 'cause they own the team and they're trying to get dates in there and the whole thing. But I like the fact that they were gonna put it at Chase Center because those ladies deserve first class. No I did it. I'm just saying, I've been to Oracle. That could've been a good link though, to the old era. Like, Well they cool. So you know, they're, they're actually putting the practice facility. They, they redid the whole practice facility at the Mar Oakland Marriott. So like, they're, that's, that's where the, the, the ladies are gonna be gonna be practicing and they as like a state-of-the-art thing. So they're, they're doing right by Oakland. Like the Warriors and the Vals are doing right by Oakland. That team's gonna crush what'd they get? It was a $50 million expansion fee. They've already probably tripled that. But thanks to the Caitlin era And you know, Laker's trying to get Sabrina stop playing.


You already know that that's probably the first or second meeting to get Sabrina in like three years. Well, what's weird is I think with the way the salary cap works there, you, it's not like you can bowl over another team. you can Just, well there's another TV deal coming very soon for the w So it's gonna just to, just to look and also like, don't underestimate like if he really wants to make a splash with this, obviously, right? Like he wants, he doesn't want to be, he doesn't want to get into w to be a mediocre franchise. This Could be his new thousand points of late. Listen, the Warriors are gonna like we all in about five years, the Warriors are probably gonna suck, right? So I mean if you have a, if you have some sort of, and here's a, if you have some sort of like championship ethos or something that Lake of Ken Lake of Ken like hang his hat on.


Another thing that's interesting and this is just, this is something that you're gonna enjoy. 'cause I know you love owner beef. Yeah. And I'm not saying this a technically owner beef, but it is like owner like side eye. Think about the dynamic between Mark Davis and Joe Lake for the ACEs versus the Valkyries, right? Oh, Where like, yeah, Joe Lake, Joe Lake has seen Mark Davis's work, right? Yeah. Just being in the Bay area this whole time. You can't tell me that. He's not looking at like Mark Davis and the ACEs. Like I wanna kick their ass like just off of gp, right? Just there's there's gonna be that, there's gonna be the Joe Lake with Josiah out in, in with the Liberty is gonna be some owner beef. Wait, just wait till this next generation of of w basketball. It's just when as we get more money and more NBA owners investing, just people look out for that owner beef.


Well think about So, it was supposed to be them and Portland were supposed to be the two teams last year for 50 million each. Then Portland, the guy backed out So, it only ended up being the, the Golden State team. Then a year passes and then Toronto comes in for 1 25. Yeah. So it's already, it's already two and a half times higher just in one season. And I mean that that shit, if Kaitlyn had been able to pull off that game yesterday and just gotten to a game three, yeah that would've been the biggest rating in the history of the league. But I think the rating Yesterday I was waiting for was versus Diana tei. That was what I wanted. That's what I was rooting for. Yeah. But you know, I'll tell you here's, here's how far the wwn b a's come. I had a three team series parlay that I put real money on with the sun.


Look at the sun and the other two heavy favorites. I thought the sun were gonna wipe out the fever. Aren't you proud of Me? I'm so proud of you. 'cause I've been locked in on the w as you know. Let's, let's, let's, let's give you let, just for the listening audiences, we're at the end of this. Let's go three minutes on the w real quick. I'm really, I'm really intrigued by this ACEs liberty matchup Coming up. Oh yeah. I know that the liberty are are favored and I've heard it. I've, I I've seen Andrea Carter already pick the, the liberty, but I'm fuck that. There's a look in Asia's eyes that is like 20 what? 2018 LeBron. Except I think she's gonna win it. Like I think that's, I there's a look in her eye where the team isn't as good as it should be.


Chelsea Gray's already been injured, right? Like they, they've had some, Kelsey Plum has like dealt with some stuff, but Asia has been steady and she has a look in her eye and she all, and I think the liberty are so soft and I think that the ACEs are gonna go through them and I think that they're gonna win another championship. I think it's one of those things that it's destined, I will say really good home buzz in those liberty games like that. That's like a genuine atmosphere now. Hey dare I say tough place to win. Yeah. But hey, hey. A I've been to every time my my, every time I take my Summer league quest to Vegas, I make sure that I go to a ACEs game. I think it's, yeah, I still think it's the best environment because there's, there's, it's, Barclays is still an NBA arena in that. Like, there's other stuff to do.


There's nothing else to do in that Mandalay Bay Arena except watch the game. And they are on top of you. It is popping, it is loud. And they have the Chicago Bulls, the nineties bulls that they're watching. They get really into it. It's gonna be fun. It's, it's, it's gonna be fun. I can't wait. Well I bet on the links a month ago and I still feel good about it. Five to One if least the call you're 42 points Go. The links are like legit good. They're really good and they have a great coach. Well, since you went on paternity leave, we launched a ringer. WNBA podcast. So when you come back, you, you have a place to get off your takes with See It. I can't wait with Steer It. I can't wait sir. Have me on the show. Yeah. And and this is my last show though. Like, I'll see you guys on top of the year. This is my last show. Yeah, Yeah. No, we had to do this.


This was the one thing for sure. How's it going with Little homie, Little homie's doing good. Was is a beast. He's eating us out of a house and home. I, I haven't gotten sleep. It's good to see somebody outside of this house for The first time you eat. Welcome to Dad Club, by the way. I'm here. I Really here I, as I told you, really, really enjoy those first 15 years. 'cause I, we literally don't see either of our kids anymore. And they're not even 20 yet. So it goes fast. That's what I heard. That's what I heard. I'm, I'm excited. I'm trying to get this Raiders propaganda. I'm done with The A. I don't, can't believe I'm wearing his hat right now, but I'm gonna try to see if he'll A Raiders fan. It's the, that's a fair One. It's all I got is him being a Raiders fan. That's all I have. Like, we'll see. We'll see. All right Logan Murdock, we'll see you in 2025.


Thanks for popping on. We appreciate it. Good to see your face. Good to see you too. Thanks man. Thanks Kyle.


Kick off this NFL season with a win on FanDuel America's number one sports book. Right now all customers get a profit boost every single NFL game day. That means you can pump your Gridiron winnings up multiple times a week. FanDuel tons of ways you can get in on the NFL action. you can bet on money lines, spreads, players, props, whatever you want. you can tail our million dollar picks, which are on this podcast. And we actually found a couple that we really liked. Plus, with super simple live betting lightning fast bet settlement and instant withdrawal FanDuel makes betting on the NFL easier than ever. All I have to do is visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download FanDuel today. You must be 21 plus and President Select states are 18 plus and President DC Opt-in required bonus issued as non withdraw profit. Boost tokens restrictions apply, including token expiration seat turns for both offers at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. MB Pro call 100 gambler visit rg-help.com.


This episode is brought to you by Buffalo Wild Wings, go take out and delivery from Buffalo Wild Wings is now Buffalo Wild Wings go. And for a limited time you can get 10 free boneless wings from Buffalo Wild Wings. Go when you spend $15 and use promo code go boneless. Which by the way, I'm a boneless guy. Sorry. I just love it. You know, some people are like boneless wings depending on the situation. Some people are hardcore wings. I'm a boneless guy. Makes it easier for boneless too. When you try any of the bub sauces, you can just smear 'em right in there. They have a crazy amount of sauces and dry rubs, which you should know if you've been to Buffalo Wild Wings. There's like 26 of them. My favorites Nashville Hot. I really like the orange chicken. And I'm an original Buffalo guy and if I had to pick one, I would pick the Nashville Hot. 'cause I like my mouth feeling hot when I'm eating Boneless chicken. Let's be honest Wings, they're the one true football food. So the fact that you can get 10 of them free while you watch, I don't know, the first Sunday action when they have all those games. In the early games, you're just flipping around Maybe, you got a little multi-view action, whatever, eat some wings while you're doing it. It's awesome. Order takeout or delivery from Buffalo Wild Wings. Go while you watch the games this football season. Enjoy your 10 free boneless wings and maybe enjoy some Nashville hot sauce while you're at it. At participating locations for a limited time when you order in the Buffalo Wild Wings web or app.


Alright, Bryan Curtis is here. You can hear him on the press box. He's the editor at large of The Ringer. We've been working together since 2011. We have some conflicts of interest to disclose before we do this part of the podcast. Zach Lowe, who worked with us at Grantland, who I think was the best all around basketball person who did this in the NBA was let go by ESPN today. It was a layoff, it was another ESPN layoff. And you know, there's been a few of these. It's not like I've done a podcast every time and obviously I'm friends with Zach, but it just felt like there's a moment here with ESPN that I felt like we should hit. And you agreed and we're just gonna talk about it.


So what was your reaction when you heard The first reaction was, wait a second, you just renewed the NBA rights for two and a half billion dollars and then you laid off the best NBA writer in America in the same breath. That really happened like a week in change after the biggest NBA news breaker in America left the network. And you know, that was the first reaction. And then the second reaction is something you and I have said over the years as we've seen these layoffs and people walk out the door of Bristol is if ESPN doesn't have room for Zach Lowe, who does ESPN have room for? And who do they want in the room?


It's kind of the question, isn't it? It's clearly a a, a strategy and they clearly value certain things and I, I think, you know, everybody gets mad anytime something like this happens. And you know, so, and I get it. But to me it's more interesting what the strategy is and what they're thinking and where Zach fit into that. Because obviously, you know, they, and they had an issue with this 10 years ago when I was there. Like they didn't know how to monetize podcasts. They didn't know how to get real value from them. Zach's biggest value is as a writer and a podcaster and a steward of the game. And also somebody who can go on TV and be good.


But it seems like what they value now is people who can do TV hits first and foremost and hits that you can cut into 70 to 92nd videos that can go on their website or go on YouTube. And the, the better the headline is for those hits. That seems to be where the value is. And I'm not besmirching some of the people that do that stuff. I'm just saying that seems to to be how they value it. It's either that or the giant names, which you've covered many times in, in ringer pieces. Like getting the best possible people to cover a football game, right? Spending money in the high end talent. I'm sure they're gonna bring back Stephen A. Smith, but I think that's what they're becoming.


I think what's, what's so fascinating to me is that just the, it's the opposite of where they were 10 years ago when they seem to try to wanna be everything but also really have, I guess, for lack of a better word, a soul. I'm not sure what the soul is gonna be if this is what your strategy is. So that's my big take. First of all, we should congratulate Zach for inaugurating a whole new era of television where you would come on television in your sweats. Remember he was doing that even before Covid. It would be a TV hit and everybody be in their suits and we'd see Zach from his apartment and you'd be like, look at that. That guy looks slightly different. I'm used to seeing on TV now. That's what we all do. Yeah. On Zoom. No, I, I so I completely agree with you and I, and I think the strategy is fascinating because ESPN like every other media company in America is walking across this bridge from the world of cable television to the world of streaming and over the top.


And they're making a decision who's coming over the bridge with us? Who do we want to be part of this new world? And they've picked a couple of big guys, the Stephen AEs and the Pat McAfees. They've picked a ton of sports rights, which they've done a good job signing out. Yeah. But the interesting question to me is like, this all feels very TV oriented to me. It feels like we're getting people to do these TV hits even though we're kind of admitting we're not really a TV company anymore. You know, if, if Zach's value, if you're saying, well we can't see the value of him as like a TV guy cutting up those 62nd clips that now dominate the website, but isn't there money to be made with a Zack Lowe NBA podcast? Like isn't that, Apparently not We, if VSP is selling it.


Yeah, I, I just, I just find that weird. But it's not, listen, it's not their business. You know, and you, what you've seen a lot of that from, a lot of the stuff they've been doing the last five years is outsourcing stuff, right? Omaha is producing more and more shows for them. It's kind of insane. Why aren't you producing your own shows? You know, why are you constantly, and like Connor left and his company does a bunch of 30 for thirties and produces the ESPYs for them. It's like, why aren't you guys doing this? So on the one hand they're outsourcing a bunch of stuff and on the, and then as concurrently they seem like they're thrown away, at least the podcast piece of everything. They have podcasts, they have a bunch of 'em, but it doesn't seem like they care.


'cause if they cared they would've kept Zach. So when you talk about this new world that they're entering the world is sports rights and just enough people to seem like, seem like you're still the biggest. Is that what it is? It's totally flipped, hasn't it? Because remember old ESPN, they didn't really have the games you wanted to watch, but they had the people you wanted to listen to. And New ESPN now has all the games you wanna watch. They have the Super Bowl in 2027, they have the NBA finals, they have all these huge packages, but they don't really have the people that you want to hear. Talk about the games. Games a lot of the time. Right? Still plenty of good people there. I don't wanna write everybody off.


By the way, how many times have we been playing that game you and I over the last 10 years where we say, you know what at least ESPN has, and then we fill in the blank with somebody. Everybody like Bats. Yeah. At least they still have Mina. Right? At least they still have Wickersham. And Zach was on that list before today and that list is getting really, really small. But What, I mean, what's the point of having feature hardcore feature journalism at this point anymore? So you're gonna dabble in that every once in a while but not always have it. Or you're gonna have some of it or you're gonna have a new version of it. That's another thing I just, I, my point is I don't understand the strategy. I feel like I've always understood, at least somewhat what they're doing.


And now it seems like their strategy is five different things happening at the same time. 'cause now they're in on the gambling side too, right? So they got in super late on that, probably like four years too late. Doesn't seem like they're in on podcasts the same way. Seems like they're really in on the YouTube, TikTok, all that social stuff. And that seems to be the thing they point to when they talk about success things. They also talk about how the ratings are up. But we all know the ratings are up because they start counting bar TVs and airport TVs and things like that. The ratings aren't actually up, it's just the way they count the ratings. It's more people. But I do wonder, like to me, to me the next one is PTI.


Mm. What happens with that show? Because we're, we're seeing a certain shift toward a certain type of content and where does PPTI and two old guys that are beloved and you know, institutions at the place who are one of a kind and the show is always the best. When Will Bon and Colonizer on it? Where do those guys fit going forward? And this is the first time I like wouldn't be surprised. They're just like, yeah, we got rid of Will Bon and Colonizer Two guys who were, we were done grandfathered in. No offense to Mike and Tony from another age of television. Yeah. But to me, the whole daytime ESPN is a real question, right? Because when in the cable TV universe, what did you do? You just turn on ESPN and for a lot of it was just on all day.


So that floated a certain kind of programming during the day. Is that gonna exist when we get into streaming world at four in the afternoon? Just when there's not a game on it. You just say, I just wanna put ESPN on to be the background noise. So I think you're right. Like that show doesn't fit in with what the Pataro regime vision of ESPN has been. But I also just think ESPN is probably just changing in a very, very fundamental way. And I don't know how much daytime ESPN there's gonna be. 'cause that's really one of the only things left besides around the horn. Well what we haven't seen streaming sports stuff, just talking head stuff work for people. Like I will go to Peacock and watch this. I will go to Paramount watch.


People aren't doing that. Oh. Oh, max says that they don't. But people are in the habit. Maybe this is older people and maybe it's not people 25 and under of, oh, I'm just gonna put ESPN on. And I wonder if maybe that's starting to fade too So. it just feels like it's getting louder and more distinct. But on the other hand, they're still taking swings. Like they're spending more money on the mani cast, right? Yeah. They're, they took a bunch of swings with their NBA coverage. None of them worked. They went and they spent money on Doc Rivers. Like they went, they doubled down on jj they were paying woes as much money as anybody. But now you think like the last year let's, I mean just NBA in general, the last year they lose doc, they lose jj, they lose their lead color analyst twice after firing fan gundy.


Right? Woes is just gone now. Zach Lowe's gone. I I it's just, it's kind of you, your brains spinning and now I guess what we're gonna get, and I like Stephen A so this is not a slight of Stephen a and I I really think he's a good guy, but I, it feels like they're moving toward, it's a Nick's playoff game. Here's Stephen a's entrance. And that's kind of what they think people want. And I don't think they're right. No. How did that go over with Jason Kel during the Eagles game the other day and people were just like, I don't want this, this is, this is too Much. They were trying so hard. Yeah, it's, and I liked Jason Kel, but I didn't like the way they used them. Then he stayed in the booth and it's all of a sudden Aikman's gone from a game. That was really good.


'cause yeah, as soon as somebody's in a booth, you ha you know this, they have to interview him. Yeah. And Jason, nobody knows better than you that that tush push. You just have to like figure out ways to work the guy in. It's like, fucking Aikman are the best announcing team we have. What are you guys doing? Can we Talk Touching this? Why are about the center some more? This is great, great content. Keep going with this. I wanna come back to your idea about the soul of ESPN. Yeah. Because I think that is like a really interesting question because when you write stuff like this or say stuff like this, ESPN will come back and, but did you see the rights package we just signed? Did you see how we got the entire SEC, the entire college football playoff? But man, they have lost so many things about ESPN that made it unique over the last decade.


And plus I put a list together a couple years ago when we did a piece about ESPN layoffs. One of the many stories I've read about it. Yeah, dude, when you just look at the list. Simmons Illa, the Grantland gang. Okay, that's inside the house here. Yeah. Michael and Jamele, Dan Lard, Keith Berman, Wesley Morris, Matthew Barry, Mark Stein, Chad Ford. You want me to keep going? Chris Ika. Tom Rinaldi like Mike t did I say Tico already? Adam Amin, Jason Benet, I mean like Boman both Mike Golis, like I could go on and on and on. Just Think both of three. Mike Golis, several, I think several think there's four Mike Golis guys, several, Many, many Mike Golis. Just think of how many people walked out the door. And again, your mileage may vary on some of those people and I totally understand that.


But it's like people have fewer entry points to get into ESPN. Right? That was part of the cool thing about old ESPN. You could like this and not like this, but you'd still be in the ESPN mothership because you're like, I like Bill, I like Rosc, I like this. I I like Mike and Mike in the morning. This is my entry point. Those people are all gone. Right? They're gone. Well, you know was what else was interesting about it is it seems like there's a certain, granted Twitter is Twitter, but I, I did notice Zach was trending today, but it also said he was trending with Kendrick Perkins. And that was one of the interesting topics of this, right? Is that people were looking at this like, ESPN is choosing this Kendrick Perkins direction of their basketball coverage over the Zack Lowe direction.


I don't even know. I mean, look, there's a million reasons why something like this can happen. But I don't, I like, I don't, I don't necessarily blame Kendrick for some of the stuff he says or the, you know, the way he's trying to provoke people. 'cause they're telling him to do that. If you're telling, if you're being produced a certain way, if you're being incentivized a certain way and you're on TV and you wanna gain more and more whatever power you wanna be on TV more, you wanna make more money, you're gonna do what the people are like. That was great. I loved what you said about how Jason Tatum isn't an alpha, just stare in the camera and do that again for 90 seconds. And that's just the way the shit's gonna go. So there's really like, for the people that bitch about it, just don't watch.


That's really the only way any of this stuff's gonna change. if you, if you don't like this direction, wherever we're going, you don't have to watch it. I don't watch this stuff in the morning anymore, do you? No. Do you watch in their morning shows? I So little. I mean so little. And I only see the clips and then it's that 45 second clip you're talking about, perk goes off on Jason Tatum. And I'm like, okay, but look, it's, it's not, you're right. It's not a one for one trade, you know? It's not like they say, okay, we can we hack, we can either pick Perk or we can pick Zach and one, only one of them can stay. I don't think it quite works like that, but it's not, not that either, because just like you said, they figured out what they want. Right. Some of those people are good orlovsky people like that. But like, we want, that guy can give us 45 seconds, really good meaty seconds.


And then we're gonna put that on the website. That's gonna be the new article for us. Other articles behind People. Like right now there's a video perk. Nobody is scared of the Celtics with a picture of Perk and Jason Tatum. It's like, what? Nobody's scared of the Celtics click. That's kind of where we're going now. And I don't know, it, it, it, I maybe we're like the, the older people now who are nostalgic for some era that's just gone anyway. But I, I do feel like, especially when we were there 10 years ago, like they didn't, they didn't care about the big picture of some of this stuff. And now it seems like they intermittently care. See, I don't feel like an old guy on this because like you and I being old guys be like, where's the original edition of the sports reporters where when it had, when it had the, the guys from the Chicago Tribune.


That's what I wanted to see. Right? We're talking about Zack freaking Low man. Yeah. if you wanna reach young basketball fans, isn't that one of the ways to do it? Yeah. And also like somebody that was a real, a thought leader and, and inspiration to a whole generation of, of people and also a fucking awesome guy. Right? Right. We, we worked with him. Like the guy gives a shit, he puts in his time. He doesn't, he's not a look at me, look at me. He's a really generous teammate. He just does so many, there's just so many good things that come with working with that guy that if you don't appreciate that, that's, that's nuts. I, I just don't, I don't understand that.


But you know, part of me wonders, like the evil side of me wonders do they do this knowing somebody else is gonna pick 'em up and they're just off the hook. It's almost like when baseball teams leave, you know, their right field, they're unprotected on the waiver wire knowing somebody might actually claim them. Yeah. But the whole timing of this is weird. He was the only guy that they didn't do, they, they laid off right before this whole end of the quarter thing. Nobody else was in it. Their back channeling and telling people, no, no. This is part of the RG three Sam ponder thing. It is. Why, why didn't you do this two months ago, Ben? Yeah, I You're Doing it right before the NBA season. He, he was on NBA today. He did a podcast with JJ Reddick yesterday.


So whatcha doing? It's funny, to your point, like I had somebody text me today. It's like, it's not a bad time to be an NBA media free agent right now given what's happening with all the rights. You know, there are people out there in a year who might gonna want people, you know, I've heard that, but like, look at Amazon's NFL coverage. There's no reporter on that stuff. They just have Explayers and a Host now we're you're Erasure Bill. Well, but you know what I mean? Like, it, it's not like there's gonna be 40 jobs. It's not like they're gonna have some whole universe built around like reporting stuff. And I don't know, it, it's, I I wish I could explain ESPN and I just can't. The gambling thing I think was, was the first sign that maybe they were just outright missing on stuff, you know?


And when you just have to keep doing this over and over again and rebooting who you are and what you're trying to be the now, now they pinned themselves in a position with Steve a where they basically have to keep him. Oh, Absolutely. He can name his price and that. I don't, he's Coming across the bridge. I mean, like I said, when we're talking about people who are gonna be part of the, the new ESPN Stephen, a's part of it, they Decided, yeah, there has to be, but there's also like a little bit of a lawlessness that as somebody who was suspended for three weeks and suspended on Twitter a couple times and wait, what? You know, I, I look back at some of the stuff I did, it wasn't one 10th as bad as some of the stuff that people doing now, like Ryan Clark, like openly challenging them about his extension.


I I, I I'm just not, I did they have bosses, what's happening? But this is the thing, right? It's the players coach here of ESPN two, where the people we pick, we pick them and we kind of just let them do what they want. We're not worried about In including if they wanna have a sex tape on Instagram. My God, that's fine. I'll look the other way in that one. Is it gonna be up first? Take Tuesday? Okay, cool. Oh, we're, oh my God. Oh, UNC was getting it on. I, it's just, I I just don't understand it. Like, who's in charge? It's, What are you trying to do? Yeah. I mean that's what, that's what I say. And again, like I said, every time I say these words and you know, we've had some moments here.


I believe I had a column called ESPN here from hell a little bit earlier in 2024. Look at the sign, just sign the sports rights. Just, just resign the col got the whole college football playoff. I mean, that's what ESPN is now, right? It's the games you wanna see. That's, if you're looking for a strategy, the strategy is the games. You wanna see a handful of guys who Host talk shows and we'll figure out the rest. Well, I wonder if it's almost like what happened with movies in the two thousands where they're like, let's just do franchises. Let's, let's, instead of spending money on these 10 movies and hoping one of them hits, let's just go get a fucking DC comics thing going and we'll make Lethal Weapon seven and we'll just do some sequels and let's everybody turn our brains off and not try to make good stuff.


Well, this funny, the Europeans version of that is sports rights. Like, hey, we have all the sports rights. It doesn't really matter who's announcing them except for football. And it doesn't really matter what the shows are around them because people are gonna watch the games anyway and we're fine. Yeah. Although I do come back to like, you just spent so much money on the NBA. So in the NBA is one of your franchises, that's one of your Marvel franchises at e at ESPN. So don't you want the best people around it, even if they're not, you know, Mike Bre, like surely you want other people around there. I, Yeah, but they do. They just had the most rollercoaster, rocky kind of behind the scenes year ever covering the league last year. Right. Did it ultimately matter? People are still watching, they're like, oh, I'm not watching game four tonight.


There's too much too much chaos at ES ESPN. Like, people don't care. Like ultimately they could have like J j's leaving and they're, they have woes reporting on it and it's this whole basically internally created soap opera around the Laker job that they're just getting clicks out of. And it was annoying, but it didn't stop people from watching the finals. Now you're sounding like the ESPN management 'cause you're going, oh, well it doesn't matter. We'll, just as long as we have the games. I'm just trying to figure out what they're thinking. Yeah, yeah. And I think that's what they're thinking. It's like, guess what? People are gonna watch sports and the UFC deal's gonna come up. We're gonna redo that and we're gonna have UFC and we're gonna have NBA and we have college football and we have WNBA now, which is growing big time, you know, and on and on and on.


And we have sports all the time. And that's why people come and we've done a million research models on this, and this is what people want. Where they missed was the, the ESPN back. 'cause they, they just got in too late. They have no chance with that. I completely agree. But you know what, this sucks because it's Zach and Zach's. Zach's great So. it just sucks. You know? Like, it's not fun, fun. And it's not, it's not, again, I just, your soul just gotta keep coming back to that word because you just look at ESPN like, I want to visit ESPN a little bit less today. It's not gonna die. ESPN's not over, you know, there's no need to go in for the full think piece treatment here, but it just, it's a little worse today.


Maybe a lot worse without him. What do people say? 'cause you talk to everybody and you know, you've been at the forefront of smartly writing about sports media and not, not going crazy and not getting caught into like, I have this scoop, but just trying to, right. Big picture takes about where things are going and where things are leaning and where things are moving and what little trends are happening and trying to explain why this happened, incorporating the history of things. What, when people talk to you about ESPN, what, what are like the most common things they ask you? Well, it's interesting because before, I think 10 years ago, and certainly like 15 years ago, it felt like the ultimate destination and especially became in the 2000 tens, the ultimate destination for sports writers.


Not just for people who wanted to be the next SportsCenter anchor, which was kind of a funny flip, right? ESPN became the worldwide leader in sports writing for a pretty long patch there. And you and I were both a part of that. You much, obviously, much more than me. But you know what's funny is when I talk to people now, very few of them say, talk about ESPN as a place they aspire to work at. Yeah. And it's not that they think ESPN's bad, I just don't think they think that's attainable anymore. Right? They're just, they just don't see that as like a, a logical pathway. 'cause again, if you don't have room for Zach, well do you have room for me? You know, it doesn't, it just doesn't compute. So I think for a certain type of person, it's just not even on the, on the Bingo card anymore as a place they would work.


The other piece of it, and we'll see if Shams is a part of this, whether they wanna stay in the information business and the post woe era. And I, some people in my life were like, whoosh, maybe he knew he was getting laid off and they, and they, they gave him a heads up and he got out. That's not what happened. I, I think he was genuinely, I don't, there's no conspiracy theory on osh. I think he was burned out and I think he just wanted to do the St. Bons thing. Felt like he made enough money. But this information culture that they've created where all that mattered was getting those scoops, which you and I never really understood. And I'll be interested to see if they break away from that or not. I think the big scoops matter, right? if you know somebody's getting traded, like a major player's getting traded, if you know a team's getting sold, if you know somebody's gonna retire.


But when it comes down to Isaac Koro assigned a three or $38 million extension negotiated by Bryan Curtis of, of Curtis Curtis Agent Media. No, I, that's where I, that's where you lose me. So I wonder, are they going to double down on this information error or maybe start shifting away from that too? My guess would be they'll start shifting away. Maybe. Can you think they can unhook themselves from the machine that they hook themselves up to with Woe and Shefter and Jeff Passin and everybody else? What's the upside of it? The, so the upside is you're not being embarrassed that other people are getting the scoops right.


But I mean, I I'm not ashamed to admit like at The Ringer, like we've never cared about that stuff. 'cause our, our theory was always, well, the stuff will come out and then we'll react to it. Right? We wanna have the best this happen. What do you think people, we don't really care if we have the people who are burning the phone lines trying to break information. So I guess from ESPN standpoint, I know it was important to have woes on the other hand that a lot of the stuff was his Twitter feed, which isn't on ESPN, and they're, they're not really able to monetize in any way. Now. He can give them a heads up stuff's coming. He can do like a Monday morning, I'm, I'm about to do this.


Nobody has it get ready for the most part. I I, unless it's like a giant thing, I don't really see the, I don't see the upside. I don't personally get it. What do you think? I never have. I mean I've, I've never seen it other than what you mentioned, which is having the name of a rival media company on the bottom line where you have to credit them when they break something, right? Which is obviously what drove them nuts. Nuts About Yahoo, who's Adrian Raki reports dot, Which completely, you know, drove them bonkers when they had to do that. But I had, I had fantasy on press box last week and we were talking about this having almost the same conversation. He is like, I don't get it. Not only why do you necessarily want that? Why do you want somebody at that price point that you have to pay them to be the ultimate insider?


Yeah. Because, you know, even if it's Sean's coming over, that's gonna be a lot of money. I mean, that's, that's millions of dollars, right? Like, that's, that's what the price to get him is gonna be. So you going to, here's the time of the company when it's tight. When, when you're trying to cut talent salaries, do you want that much money just to have the pride of not having it on the bottom line? Is that it? You know, 'cause you're gonna do, I think that's literally it. I don't think there's another reason. I mean, I think it's about if we're supposed to be the worldwide leader, how do we not have this stuff? But, you know, I, I think what happened to WOS career the last 15 years is pretty informative, right? From 2010 to 2014, he was a really fearless basketball journalist, right?


He, he operated a lot like how Matt Bella is, is writing his Hollywood column now for Puck. Like, he was, he was really well sourced, but he also didn't play favorites. He didn't favor trade, didn't do any of that stuff. And within 10 years, favorite trading was the business. And I think, I honestly feel like that was part of the reason you probably got out. Because I think in your DNA, if you wanna be a reporter and you wanna be fearless to shift the other way, where now everything is a favor trade. I, I don't know how you can do that for that long. It's funny, I talked to Sean about this the other day, but the, the amazing thing about insiders to me is also, you can never say, I don't know, you know, when something breaks or when there's something going on, you can never come on television and be like, I don't know the answer to the question.


Right? But we know as journalists, even if we think we have sources, there are times when you just don't know. You really don't. I say There's a lot of times, A lot of times, right? But you al there's this idea that not only do you have to, like, I can't take my phone in the shower or whatever. That thing you were laughing about the other day was Yeah, but you just can't say, I don't know. Because then all the magic disappears. You're not, you're not the almighty insider anymore. What you don't know. You don't know what's about to happen. And to me, that's always just like a, like what, you know, just a strange existence for anybody to be in part of much less a Journalist. Well, part of part of me is thinking like, if this does end, there are some benefits, right?


Like we could watch an NBA or FL draft and not have any picks. Every pick spoiled, right? We, we could have TV pregame shows where we don't have to like awkwardly shoehorn the insider to be like, I am hearing that Memphis is very interested in a center. And we could, I don't know, just talk about other stuff. But, but the big picture point, we're heading in 25 with this new, this new streaming only ESPN thing. And it just feels like this is like the Zack Lowe moment feels like something we'll remember where we're like, oh, remember ESPN and was creeping this way and then they laid off Zack and then they went this way.


And I think I see that, and it feels like you do too. Which is why we wanna do this segment. I do it. It feels important, right? Even if, again, that whole list I just gave you of people that have walked out the door for some reason, this one hits a little bit differently. It does. And maybe Maybe it is, maybe it's a beginning of something. Maybe it's, maybe we'll look back. When we look at ESPN 2030 where holograms are doing, SportsCenter and the AI writeups have gone way beyond what they're doing now. That this will be a moment. I, I, I totally can feel that, Oh, they have some good stuff going still. They still have all the rights, which is really the only thing that matters. They whiffed on ESPN radio, they, it seems like they've whiffed on the podcast business.


But the YouTube and the TikTok and the Snapchat and you name any sort of thing that has risen over the last 12 years, they're in there in the best possible ways. And maybe that's their business. And maybe people like us just don't see it. You know, they obviously see some sort of vision that's different than I think what, what we see. Maybe we're the dinosaurs. Like I said, I don't, I feel like the old guy with you sometimes. I don't feel like the old guy right now. I don't, I don't defending, defending Zach Lowe doesn't make me feel old. That makes me feel young. If anything. How about Skip Bayless unemployed? That, that's gotta make you feel old. Did I put his name on the list of people who walked out the door last?


That's another 10 years. Another There's another one. That's another one. Yeah. Here's another one. Yeah. The end of the Skip Aless careers. That's that. Now, that's, Oh my first, my first guy when I was a kid, man, lemme tell you, that would've Been a great eight episode podcast series that only like seven people would've loved, like the, the, the rise rise in whatever of Skip Bayliss. But going into that, those Dallas Cowboys years, Oh my God, he wrote Three Cowboys books in like five Years. I, and I have all Of them. And so do you. They're really good. Yeah, they're Actually really good books. They got kind of a bad rap. It was just that era where you could just get crazy inside access with the football team. Oh. Or you didn't know how true some of the access was.


But that's what made it fun to read. He told me one time when the Cowboys did their first Super Bowl in the Jerry Jimmy era. He had breakfast with Jerry Jones the day of the Super Bowl. Just think about that now. That's crazy. At the hotel. Yeah, that happened. Are you worried about the Cowboys? Hell yes. Are you kidding? Actually not worried. Resign. We're taking this before the Giants game. They might be at the Giants like 45 to 10 today. I'm the opposite of Cousin Sal, where he is like having the flicker of hope. Keep the keep hope alive. I'm just resigned. I mean, I'm, I'm, I'm out. I just think it's done. Jesus got, I know, I know. I still think there's like a, you know, a nine win slip into the playoffs scenario.


But that's about all I'm hopeful for. By the way, I had a nitpick. You and you and Fantasy did your top campaign movies, okay. On your pod. Dave is not a campaign movie. Dave's a being in office movie. That's fucking cheating. There was no campaign in Dave Cc Sean f Well that's just that, that's just a lazy, and B, he cheated, which is par for the course of that guy. He's gonna try win movies. You Can't. He's gonna try to win with however he does it. Dave, where's the campaign in Dave? Did I miss it? Was it a deleted scene? He's just in office. The fuck is he doing? Come on. Fantasy Curtis, good to see you. It's Good to see you too.


Bill,


This episode is brought to you by Paramount plus Paramount Plus, once again, your home to stream the NFL on CBS all season long. Don't miss the thrilling on field accident stream your live local CBS game every Sunday. 'cause they have one every Sunday all the way through the playoffs, including The, A FC championship that my beloved Patriots used to win. I love watching the NFL at home every weekend. But you know when streaming is really great, when you have to go somewhere, you can pop it on your phone, you can take the games with you, even if you're flying somewhere. Take the games with you. Visit paramount plus.com/nfl to get started today.


This episode is brought to you by Amazon Business. We all need more hours in the day, right? Well, Amazon Business gets it. They've got super smart business buying solutions that make the admin stuff a breeze. That means you can spend less time at buried in paperwork and more time growing your business. That's pretty smart. Head over to amazon business.com and see what smart business buying is all about.


All right, we're taping this on a Thursday afternoon. We didn't wanna wait for that stupid Giants cowboys game and do it after, because that game's dumb. Who cares? Joe House is here. He has a quarterback. Jaden Daniels is in his life as a superstar in Waiting House is so excited you if if you can't see on the, on the video, he's in a hotel room. He just rented a hotel room. What is it? Just massages every day. What's going on? You just Be rubbed. I I I just wanted to be close to, to offensive greatness. I had the Offensive Greatness to Jordan, Daniel j Jaden Daniels. Jaden Daniels in my life. I I know his name. I am on the campus of James Madison University at the moment because I wanted to be close to the former Holy Cross coach.


What's his name? Bob Chesney. Bob Chesney. He dropped 70 on North Carolina last week. Yeah. Why do we bet On that? So we've got nothing but offensive explosions surrounding us and you know, there were some offensive explosions in my living room Monday light. Let there be no doubt. Yeah. What were the techs like? You haven't had a lot of, oh my God, you must be so happy. Football techs in the last 20 years. They're all of the same kind, which is not believing it, right? Yeah. We had RG three, which was an, an incredible run in 2012 all the way up until, you know, Daniel Snyder and his cheap Ways put an end to RG three career on that field.


And then we did have a minute with Kirk Cousins. Kirk Cousins did take the Washington team to the playoffs in 2015. I went to that the congrats game against I, who can forget, Who can forget? Unbelievable. But there was a minute there. People are Still talking about that. This is a thing where like we got the right guy for the right situation at the right time. It happened so rarely in Washington. So it's wonderful. I actually had dinner with two Washington fans on, on Tuesday night and they were just so excited. You know, 'cause it wasn't just a performance. There's been pieces about Daniels where the, the teammates, the way they're talking, you know, I love this stuff.


This is like my, my jam. The teammates being like, he's him. Like when Ja, we're following Jaden. This is the guy. Like when the, when the guys on the team just start raving like that to reporters, you know, something good's happening. I mean, so hopefully you stay healthy. I'm getting the same chills that I had Monday night because I did spend, you know, hours with all of the breakdowns of that, you know, the whole internet. Thank God it was the amazing conversions of events for that. And I'll stop in a second. It was The A Monday night football game, the biggest stage. And you know, the brown, the, the, the, the bills beat the crap out of the Jags.


So nobody was watching it. Everybody flipped right over to Washington. And that game was exciting because there was scoring on every goddamn possession. Right? And so, you know, the breakdown of the tape afterwards is like when you go slow and watch the, the decisions he's making, when you go slow and watch the po he's showing in the face of, of, you know, oncoming rushes. That's the stuff that, that, you know, put, put your, put your hairs up properly. Well one of the games we're looking at is for, 'cause we're gonna do a million dollar picks and we do, we did well last week and we'll get to that. But cards washed in cards are favored by minus three and F in Arizona. And the Cardinals are a team that I've really liked.


They're one and two. But both losses were like good losses. Like they really hung with Buffalo, they really hung with Detroit. And this is the worst possible classic stereotypical bad spot for Washington coming off a late Monday night football game. Everyone's super excited about how they did. So they're riding the high congratulations all week, short week cross country. And they have to play a team that has good offense, And. guess what? Guess who doesn't have good defense? Washington. The stats are, are just awful. They're 32nd on third down. They're 30th on, first down 31st against the pass, 28th against the sacks. Like Yeah. If this is just, if you have a, you have that kind of defense, you better score onto every offensive possession, you better not punt.


'cause if you give the other team the ball, they're probably gonna score. Right? And the Bengals, all they did wrong was just not score a touchdown every time they had the ball. Which they almost did like Literally one miss field goal, right? I know. Yeah. It was a five point game, but really it was, you know, they had one miss field goal on one of those possessions. Yeah. So no eckler in this game, but Mc that's ammer is questionable. But the, you guys were running the ball, like Washington has the fifth best run offense right now. Seventh yards per play, fifth on first down. Like good stuff was happening. The defense is bad. But you know, I'm looking at that one and, and I think we both like the over, and especially if we adjust it and are you allowed to bet against Washington a million dollar picks?


'cause I'm gonna offer you an Arizona money line over 43 and a half and that's minus 1 0 1 on FanDuel. No, I, I I think I'm a sober realist. Like for me, we've kind of got the validation for the whole year for the third game of the season. Like all I hope for with this Washington team is to hit the over of six and a half wins. Right. That's the only thing that I really, we both have invested in. Yeah. And so I I I'm like, fine. I bet on Tampa in, in week one, I don't think that there's anything wrong with trying to make money. The money's still green. What do you think about that? Over 43 and a half with the Arizona Mylon? Yeah, I, I do like that because one of my favorite bets from that game is Washington over 23 and a half as its team total.


So It's basically the same, same bet to some degree, right? Yeah, because they probably had scored 24 to win that. I liked this Cardinals team. I was really impressed. I said it on Sunday. I was really impressed by their two losses. I thought they, they hung around. I don't think their defense is very good and they'll probably give up points. I wanted to do the minus three and a half, but the cheap touchdown potential of, of the commanders. Sure. The C words. Yeah. The Commies, what are people calling them? The commies? I don't know. No, nobody calls them the, the, the Commies. I wanna say, what do people Call them? Washington. They callers. Redskins giving It up. They call 'em the commanders. What's his, doesn't Kevin Durant call him the commanders? The commanders?


I think he does. I think that's what Katie calls him. That's pretty good. I don't mind that. So, all right. That's one I had. I'm giving you a couple that I had flagged as maybes. I'm not gonna talk you out of that. The only thing with that is, you know, Arizona, you, you expect them to score quickly. So that's the why why the over yeah. Is, is the angle. But I don't wanna mess with the 50 and a half. I like, I like it down in that, in the lower, lower Points. The 43 and a half is nice. 44 points is 20, 24 to 20 and you're hitting it. Yeah. Next one that I was on the fence with, and I think you like this more than me, but the Vikings at Green Bay Vikings plus three.


And I think the reason this is a stay away for me is I see both sides on it. But I'll just, the case for the Vike, which I think you and I both, that was kind of our blink test of like, ah, the vi the way they played the last couple weeks. I mean the three and oh, but the last two weeks were just awesome, awesome wins. Last week was an absolute ass kicking in Houston. There's an Aaron Jones fuck you game. Yes, yes. There is possibly going back to Lambo like that, which I'm, I'm circling. He's a, He's a bad er. There's the Jordan Love coming back off of a knee injury that he is probably not a hundred percent on. And Brian Flores just blitzing the shit out of him. And the Minnesota stats are nuts. They're first in Sachs, second in QB hits first in QB hurry, first in tackle losses.


They're also the most confusing defense when you're watching on tv. They're showing this, they're showing that this guy's up, this guy's hopping back and there's a lot going on. And, and my concern would be if I'm, if I'm back in Green Bay, this is a lot for love to first game back. And then on the, on the other piece of that Green Bay beat Tennessee and Indianapolis C congratulations. I mean both of those were with, with Malik Willis. Right. And I will also, I want to countenance this possibility. It wouldn't shock me if, if Willis starts this game and plays the whole game if they're doing the Ropa dope with, with love, right? Ooh, interesting. They, they want to make florist try and prepare.


And Florist has the experience, right? They played Green Bay twice or it, it's a division game, but two different styles of, of quarterbacking entirely. Two different types of threats, right? And so just adding that onto the, the Minnesota plate, because I think it's a dead even coaching matchup. Yeah, it's good. I mean these are probably two of the best four teams in the NFC Green Bay's banged up. I didn't like that part. So here, here's the flip side. Sam Darn on the road. Yeah, there's a lot of Sam darn the excitement right now. He started three oh in Carolina. This could be Sam Dars, can everyone settle down on Sam? Darn game. Love killed Minnesota last year.


He killed all this. But shit, he's actually good at it against it if he's healthy. And I think that's why this is ultimately a stay away for me because I remember having Minnesota in that game last year with Josh Dobbs and love just murdered them. And I can't get that out of my head sometimes. Sometimes the right defense is just a nice matchup for qb. So something about they like, could we talk ourselves into a Vikings tease? We could. And are there, are there better tease options? We'll get to that. But Vikings plus three, I don't know that the line feels right and I ultimately it might be a stay away for me. How about you? Yeah, I'm, I'm on the side of the Vikings, but I understand all of your hesitation and reservation and the, the real determining factor for me is the Green Bay quarterback situation because they are either going to have a Jordan Love return, which is a tough situation, tough circumstance for all the reasons you just would the, or it's gonna be Willis up against Brian Flores who, you know, give him the time to, to properly prepare for it.


That's why That what I know I don't like Right? I'm just, just, I'm gonna raise my hands and congrats to Malik Lewis. But that one I don't like because when you're watching that weird Packers offense had the last two weeks, one of the things, and it, the teams they played just didn't have the personnel do this, but just move everyone up and just attack the moment, the ball snap because everything is gonna be kind of around the line of scrimmage. And I just, I don't like their chances against Minnesota. 'cause that's what Minnesota does and that's what they are. This another thing with the Packers is I don't, I know this is a must win game for the Vikings, but it's really not like they could lose this and it's fine, you know, they have some injuries. It's, it's green game these's division games.


These Division games be green one through four. I know it's division game. Yeah. But they'll be like, we'll get it. Like, I know they wanna win, but this isn't like, ah, whereas if you're the Packers and love's coming back, you kind of need this one, you know? Yeah. So anyway, okay. They'd be two and two and they would've squandered their Minnesota home game. So not awesome. Next one. You have more Falcon Saints thoughts than I do. Falcons are now minus two and a half at home against the Saints. This feels like a sucker line to me. Where, oh, Why, What? So we're just off the Saints now because they couldn't block Jalen Carter we're out. Well it wasn't just simply not blocking Jalen Carter.


It was a blueprint of how to slow that offense down a blueprint of how to, to take the runaway and they lost their center in, in that game. I mean, Jalen Carter, part of that Jalen Carter's success had to do with the injury to the Saints Pro Bowl Center. Right? The o line is not the same. Right. But guess what, guess who also listened to offensive lineman last week? Yes. Falcons. True story. I know they're both questionable at the, at the moment. I, I don't know if they've been declared formally out. I just want to give props to Atlanta because they have Im impressed. Me, I mean, we were properly skeptical at the beginning of the season with them against Pittsburgh. We cashed that, that was a nice situation for us with Pittsburgh.


Had 'em on the money line and then what they showed against the Eagles and the Chiefs, like who has had played that schedule Yeah. In the first three weeks. And they were right, they was, they had two one score losses, a one score loss to the Steelers and a one score loss to the Chiefs. Well, the steel, the Steelers was a legit loss. They didn't No, for sure. For sure. For They shoulda won. Yeah. Well, it's pass interference in the end zone. Yeah. Ball on, out on the one then you don't have to mess around with all the shenanigan silliness of figuring out, you know, fourth downplays. But I, I just think Atlanta, having seen that Philadelphia blueprint, we haven't really seen the Atlanta defense with the new personnel.


Yeah. In, in full force. So I, I just think it's a decent matchup for them. I like Atlanta laying the points. How about this? I hate myself if I bet either team and it's a stay away. What is the, I I'd hate myself either way, game. Because if like, ah, I'm gonna take the saints and then car sucks again. You're like, no, I hate myself. Like how I found a Monday night with Trevor Lawrence where it's just self-loathing, the self-loathing bet of the week. There Are some self-loathing bets on this board. I don't think this one is it, but we don't have to bet it. I just, I'm just telling you my preference. I like it. I gotta say there's, and I'm with you. I'm leaning, I'm leaning to where you're leaning, but I feel like there's too many injuries on both sides and that's fine. This division makes me nervous.


Sure. How about this? Maybe you're just better off never betting on a division matchup in the NFC South, maybe Maybe that should be added to the gambling manifesto. Just stay away. We Gotta be careful. You're, you're, you're 30 wins is in trouble. Well, there's only gonna be one win out of this one. Yes. True story. All right, so I'm leaning toward a stay away for that one. Fine, fine, fine Leaning. I did say, so here's one I really need you to talk me out of before something bad happens. So Maybe, you won't be able to, the Bears who are Owen three and are laying three points to the Rams, and I'm, and I'm looking at this going, ah, kind of like the Bears.


They're 32nd yards per play. They're 28th in QB hurries. They're 29th in Sacks. But on the flip side, the Rams are 32nd in yards per play. They're 31st in QB hits, which is something that Chicago defenses, you know, they've at least shown that they have no cup, no nku a they're not top 14 basically in anything offensively, but passing yards. And I just wonder like there's a, there's a world last week where they don't get that fake punt against the Niners and the Niners just beat them by 20 and we're like, holy shit. The Ram season's over. Yeah. And they stole it. They snuck it out. But now they're going to Chicago. They're outdoors. The bears are ing three.


But the bears, No, the bears were the Ball. They were throwing The ball last two bears. Huh? Oh, you're right. The bears are won. And two, yeah, that's right. They, they Stole a game from Tennessee. Their defense won a game. Right. But that almost felt like a loss. I wish I head, I was counting loss. We Had it as the loss Office was awful. Yeah, you're right. There're one and two. But so, so you're gonna talk me out of this. Please do. The bears are sticky. Poo poo. I mean, if you wanna go ahead and get yourself in a, in a position where you have to count on Coach Eber flu, who will be returned to his rightful place as a defensive coordinator or assistant soon enough, that is right around the corner. And, and, and Caleb Williams behind an offensive line, they improved their skill positions at, they're in Chicago, but not the goddamn line.


And that poor man continues to be at risk and they can't do any of the things with their new toys on offense. They can't establish the run that kid is running for his life on the past. Now the here, here's the reason why. But did, but did you see the stats when he wasn't under duress? He was actually really good. Like there were like great stats. If he just has three seconds, good stats, Get him to three seconds. Now this is the defense that, you know, you, you, you might be able to do that. This Rams team, That's what I'm saying, the Rams, this is the defense 31st and QP hits 32nd and yards per play. So yeah, It's a disaster of a, of a secondary as well.


The, the Rams, you know, the, the Bears do have the best unit in the game. So if you wanna make a bet on which one ha which team has the best unit, it's the Bears Defense. And the Bears Defense has won a football game already. They beat the Tennessee Titans. So that could be the roadmap, the blueprint. Ooh, You're talking, you're talking yourself into this now. I Just don't wanna have anything to do with it because then you have to look in the mirror and say to yourself, I laid points against Sean McVey and Matt Stafford with flu With Matt. Yeah. Flu, flu s douche. I mean, you can't, who's gonna do that? Like, you can't that that's, that's one Flus the douche. What? Ride with flu. Well, here's one we're gonna argue about.


Oh actually no, let's do this one. Let's get this out of the way. The Raiders are minus one and a half against the Browns. I feel like there's not a lot of chances in our life left to fade Deshaun Watson with the bad offensive line. The Cleveland offense is bottom three in yards per plague. QBI hits pass yards Sax allowed third down conversion. And I think unofficially, most times a receiver has looked just bummed out. And like they wanted this season to end and they wished it was week 18. But this Raiders team was dog shit last week. Got carved up by Andy. Dalton had got called out by their coach after the game. I just don't know how that, like, this feels like a perfect matchup for the Raiders to their home.


It's only one and a half. Like I I so I was leaning Raiders, but I, but this violates my don't bet on two shitty teams rules. Yeah. So can we just say that, move on. I test game. I mean like you, you not, we're not betting on Gardner Min Chuy's nuts. We're not doing that. I mean, shoot's nuts. No way. Absolutely not. The Raiders can't run the ball. I'm not sure that the Antonio Pierce motivational tactic Yeah. You know, necessarily gonna work with everybody in that locker room. It feels like that locker room could be right on edge. I i that that's a phenomenal game to stay away from. I wanna know in the, in 2024 where, let's be honest, people are a little more sensitive than maybe they were 30 years ago, just being blasted by your coach.


Is that like a good strategy when your coach hasn't done jack shit and this guy's just fucking gets the machine gun out and it's just, I love that just going after everybody. We're in a moment now where you can get Devonte Adams, there's like a solo camera on him for the entirety of games. We, we, we get these phenomenal shots of that poor guy sitting on the bench holding his head. He poor, poor Devante. And It's like, oh, get Him outta there. You didn't realize the Gardner Michu Ada O'Connell combo might not have, might not have been a good idea. Just realizing that now, all right, we'll stay away. Two bad teams, blah. They do have a good defense and you know, if Max Crosby and Kristi Wilkins go crazy, they could beat the crap out the But That'ss a problem.


Max Crosby's not healthy and Miles Garrett isn't healthy. I don't know who's healthy. We're doing this on a Thursday, let's stay away. Yeah, point. Great Point. Great point. All now it's time to really argue 'cause I love the Lions this week and I think you like the Seahawks a little bit. Hmm. And that line is now Lions by three and a half at home against Seattle who is three and oh and doing really well this season. And it's a team that we've ridden a couple times. I wish we rode them last week. That line is now Yeah. Three and a half. So let me hear your case. Well a couple things Walker's still not a hundred percent.


Good Point. The two best guys on the D-line, including Murphy, they're awesome rookie. Both of those guys are hurt and if they play they're playing hurt. But they both have leg injuries, so that sounds great. Seattle played Denver in New England and the Skyler Thompson Miami group and they barely beat New England and honestly New England should have beaten him. And Denver hung around in Bo Nick's first game when he was absolutely terrible. He has been much better since the Lions. I still don't feel like have played an awesome game yet. We hit on them last week Really? Well. Just a lot of like, you see the pieces, but it's just they Haven't, Right?


Yes, It's A meal with a bunch of awesome things on the table, but it doesn't all make sense Together. Matter, cook, cook and Ladder in the first half, Right? I think this is the week, it's, it's, you know, a night game and it's the Seattle team that's playing with house money a little bit at three and oh, and you can talk yourself into, oh, you know, they'll be able to throw the ball and, and Mike McDonald don't give him a week to plan it. I just think the lines are way better. And this line, I don't understand why it's not like six if the Seahawks aren't healthy on top of the fact that they can't block and the lion defensive line has been awesome. So I just, I really like the Lions, but I think you're leaning a little Seahawks.


Right? Well, and and it all boils down to ultimately Jared Goff, who this season, if you look at, I have him right now in the, in the advanced stats. His, his PFF grade, he's 29th thus far this season. Yeah. His EPA numbers, expected points, you know, per play stuff is horrendous. It has him in, in the company of Gardner Minsu and Jacoby Brissett and Bo Nix that, that's where he is thus far this season. And Counter, maybe he's due for a good game. Well here's the problem. They went up against a Tampa team that was missing.


Its secondary. They went up against a, a Cardinals team that was supposed to be the worst defense in the NFL. And they started the season with the Rams who, you know, was a defense in transition. And, and, and we've seen, you know, that that teams could score against the Rams. We watch what the Cardinals did. The Rams. Now the Rams defense yes. Has injuries and all the rest of it. But 20 points in re in the regular time game against that Rams defense, 16 points against the injured Tampa defense. And then 20 points, all of the points for Detroit were in the first half. They didn't score in the second half. And that game swung on the, the inappropriately called back pick six that Jared Goff threw the refs took that away.


That game was close. Close. I mean K Murray threw a pick in the second half that that kept the Cardinals from, from really making it dangerous. But counter, I'm just not gonna do the, the Lions that's all Counter Detroit's run. 151 plays in the last two weeks. And it's actually like law of averages. They should be scoring more points. They shouldn't be doing dumb shit. There's two bad golf passes. There's a fourth downplay where they ran a stupid play. Like they've kind of been dominating these games. I'm The counter to the counter. I'm just being on the lions No rag now Ragnar's out. You're all Rag. No rag at the center. No. Yeah. So there, let's make this our argue game.


We didn't have an argue game last week. Yeah. But When we bet on the argue game. Well I was gonna throw this at you Detroit. First half Detroit game Parlay plus 100. Okay. All right. So that, that I'm willing to, to do, I mean that That takes care of like the cheap touchdown from the Seahawks at the end. That We didn, they could just take the lead early that they'll Seahawks will be down 10, they'll all of a sudden lock it for 68 yards or dk aff and then it'll be lines up by three sweating it out. But we'll have first half in the game and we're ready to go. Yeah. This they're at home. They should take a lead in the first half against fucking Seahawks. You your point is right.


This is an enormous step up for Seattle's defense after they got to play against Bo Nicks and Jacoby Brite. Brit and Skylar Thompson. Right? Yeah. So this, there's real offensive weapons On This Guys, guys all suck. Well the Rodnick has been pretty good because we're about, no we Had had a great game against Tampa. Yeah. Guess What we're about to talk him right now 'cause he's getting too many points against the Jets. The Jets are seven and a half point favorites at home against the Broncos. And I don't really understand it 'cause Denver's defense has been pretty good and I really feel like they put together a good game and a half. I said this said this last week on million dollar picks. We were talking about how Denver really looked good against Pittsburgh in the second half of that game.


And then last week they just played great. They, they beat up Tampa. We, we probably should have taken the underdog money line on that because I think both of us like Denver, you like Denver, you like the Giants. Both of those hit. So seven half just seems high because you can run on the Jets then you can move the ball on the jets in general. And even if this game's a double figures, I feel like they can get a cheap touchdown late. I also like they can throw Csan on Garrett Wilson. Yep. That's the case for sure. And we get Sean Peyton against big shot Bob s He the only reason this, so the look ahead was seven and a half. So the, the numbers is consistent with what the look ahead is and nothing's sort of changed over the course of the season.


The problem is the situation for Denver, right. Second straight road game rookie quarterback. The Jets have their second consecutive home game. They have those, they played three games in 11 days. They, they got that Thursday night game, they kicked us. Now they got all the rest that they need and they're home preparing for, you know, a, a rookie quarterback So it. We're gonna see this whether or not this jet defense really can can that they did perfectly fine against the one dimensional Patriot. Patriot. You, you have to throw the, Okay, you couldn't block. That's fine. Thursday night the pats go down by 10, they can't beat anybody. And sure it was just one of those games.


I'm not, I'm no lessons learned from that one. Okay. Okay. That's fine. I I mean I agree with you. Seven and a half is crazy. And also like, this is the season, hello? The, the right five and a half points or more. The underdog now is 14 and two, the underdog is won 10 of those games outright. 10 and six. The, the, the, the dogs are in those circumstances. So anytime you see anything over five and a half, it's like better be careful 'cause it's just the way the season's been. I'm not, it's A fun, fun pick too. It's a fun one to root for. You have the cheap touchdown at the end potentially. But I think Bo Nixa looked, I I thought he was really good last week in that Tampa game.


Like he and I know Tampa's secondary is a disaster and I get it. But he was really Good that game. It's gonna be fun. The, you know, the part of the thing that you're hearing out of New York is that Hackett and Rogers really wanna stick it to Peyton. Yeah. They really wanna stick it to Sean. This is 'cause they didn't get the chance last year when they, when they played. And so they'll, they'll gonna try and run it up. But I like, I, you know, Sean Peyton is kind of the smartest guy in the room if you wanna put all those guys together. Right. It's kind of fun. I don't, I don't want to make a big investment in it. 'cause I could see a scenario under which the Jets, Well, we could also stay away. Yeah, because I, that would be my inclination. But I like the thing that where you're going, the Thing I don't like about it from a Denver side is like, if I'm gonna beat the Jets, I'm gonna pound the run.


Right? Yeah. And I'm just gonna try to keep the ball and keep the ball away from Rogers. But the Broncos haven't really run the ball that well. No. And as, as anyone knows who has Javante Williams on their, on their fantasy team, but, all right, so maybe I'll, I'll, I'll, I won't put that in bold, but I'm gonna include that on the list. So then Eagles bucks where, you know, sadly the, the hurricanes hitting as we're taping this, but the, we just learned over the years, like tho those just become automatic stay aways. Those games. I actually like that matchup for the Eagles, but I, we don't even know if they're gonna be playing that game. And I hope everybody's safe there, but I'm just, I think that's a cross off for us, right?


Yeah. Let's stay away from it. Yeah. There was injuries on, on both sides too that create all kinds of uncertainty. Stay away. All right, so the big ones. So really the only ones we have so far, cards money line with the over 43 and a half Detroit first half game plus 100. I'm gonna take out the Broncos and then I'm gonna throw you my favorite bet in one second. But we're gonna take a break.


This episode is brought to you by FXs, American Sports story. Aaron Hernandez from Executive Producer, Ryan Murphy comes the first installment of a FXs American sports story, the limited series charts, the rise and fall of NFL Superstar Aaron Hernandez and explores the disparate strands of his identity, his family, his career, his suicide, and their legacy in sports and American culture. FX iss, American Sports story. Aaron Hernandez, all New Tuesdays on fx. Stream it on Hulu.


This episode is brought to you by PNC Bank. Unlike this podcast, some things in life should be boring like banking. 'cause boring is pragmatic and responsible. Levelheaded wise, all the things you want your bank to be, you don't want your bank to be exciting. Exciting is for three point buzzer beaters, not banks. That's why NC Bank strives to be boring with your money. Because when your money is doing what you need it to, you can do all the un boring things you wanna do with it. PNC Bank, brilliantly boring since 1865. Brilliantly boring since 1865 is the service market of the PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. NC Bank National Association member FDIC.


All right, coming back, my favorite bet of the week, and I hope you agree, is the Steelers in Indianapolis, minus one and a half. They've been incredibly good to us. A million dollar picks week after week after week. Buckner's out for the Colts. There's gonna be a lot of Pittsburgh fans there. Indie's defense is just a flat out atrocity. They're 31st against the run, 28th on third down, 32nd on first downs allowed 26th on yards per play. Their offense isn't much more awesome either 27th on, first down, 28th turnover, 24th pass. But most important, throw the stats out. Anthony Richardson's all over the place and he's going against the best defense in the league.


Pittsburgh. First in red, first in red zone of efficiency, first and third downs allowed first and first down, second against the run. Third in yards per play. This is seventh and QBI hits. This is the best defense league in their first in points. I mistakenly said 16 on Sunday night. It's 26 points add this year. I just think they, the defense wins the game. Single handly. I was trying to figure out ways to get fucked on this. And it's really just Richardson doing those two long 55 yard bombs where it's like they have eight first downs, but somehow have two touchdowns. So I'm just acknowledging that. But I think this is the game where they let fields cook a little bit. Let 'em throw in this crap Cols defense. I have no idea how the Colts won last week.


I don't think they're good. And I think the Steelers are really good. They kind of need this game. They need to go like seven and one in these first eight. I can't believe the lines only one and a half. I don't get it. So here are the cautions that I'll, I'll, I'll offer in the first place. The Colts have an incredible offensive line thus far this season. They're first in the NFL on both pass and run blocking according to PFF. Another thing, the Steelers defense, yes, awesome. But Kirk Cousins in his first game off of the Achilles, right? Completely immobile Bo Nicks in his second career, start in the National Football League, half of Justin Herbert full, I mean, and he, Hey, they knocked Herbert, they knocked his ass out, give them credit for that.


Already sent him the Satellite. He was already, you know, immobile and yes, they, they, they, they completed the job. The other sort of aspect of caution is just historically Mike Tomlin is much better in the dog spot as yeah. As opposed to a favorite. He's the only 45% as a road favorite in his career against the spread 33 40. And, and two, the reason that I think I'm inclined to join you on the Steelers is because I don't think that we've really seen Justin Fields yet. Like I've, I've long been in the camp of, of Fields. I had fields on my fantasy team last year, and I will tell you in our keeper league, I gave serious thought to keeping him for $1 or whatever it is, plus the escalator hoping That he was gonna play For this upcoming season, even though Russell Wilson had been declared the starter because the field's upside, we haven't really scratched the surface.


They really haven't done any design runs for him. And this could be the week, the pathway for the Colts Yep. To, to beat Pittsburgh is to try and give Pittsburgh a dose of its own medicine. Kind of like what we expected last week out of the Chargers, which is just try and run the ball, try and squeeze the life out of the game. Try and play a game that's only two hours and 45 minutes because we're just run, running, running, running. Right. Jonathan Taylor left. Jonathan Taylor. Right. But Fields to me is the wild card. And at one and a half points, I mean, he, here's the thing that I also am willing to countenance Steichen's good. I mean, he's, he is, he's Steen's good, but he also, he's good. Has some of the dumbest big plays of the game calls of anyone.


Well, they trust Richardson. That's the, the problem they have is they trust Anthony Richardson. But This is a bad defense for him to play in his fourth start of the season. And I'm with you, like his six star ever. Right? I just, in, In his, in his whole career. I Really believe in the Steelers team. I think they're good. The question for me is, you know, if they, could this be the game where fields just sucks? Like he sucked a bunch of times against the Bears Sure. But a against this Colts defense, why would this be the game that he falls apart? They can't play Anything. I also, I love this version of the Steelers where it's apparent that they are treating every one of these early games, early games on the schedule is absolute must wins.


They have to get all these wins before they get to the portion of the schedule where they have all those division games and, and other, you know, super talented teams at the back half of their schedule. So, well, here's the other thing. The pedal is down Browns. The Browns are gonna suck. Yeah. The Bengals are oh three, the Ravens are playing the bills and could be, you know, one and three and three. Yeah. After, after Sunday. And the Be Stewards could be four. Oh, they could have a three game lead in The, A FC North. Yeah. So I don't know. I'm still like this. They've been really good to us and I'm still in on them. Me too. Okay, two more Ravens Bills. Okay.


See, unfortunately I heard East Coast bias today, and I know you're leaning on this, but I think we're seeing it the same way. Look, Ravens minus two and a half against the bills. Hmm. Why isn't that line lower? Why isn't that line of pick them? The Josh Allen's like the, just looks like he's the best player in the league. The bills will look great. They're gonna be able to throw on the Ravens. They're getting a pass rush this year, which none of us expected. They figured out some sort of secondary thing. There's some Ewing theory with Stefan digs, even though never, never won a title with him. The tease is just so tantalizing here. This feels like a one score game to me, and I'm not positive who's gonna win.


There's that. If it's Bills plus up all the way to plus eight and a half, Ravens could be in double digits. Well, we know what happens when they go up double digits to put the game on a platter for the other team. The bills might be able to win and it allows us to tease with the next game we're gonna talk about. But Bills plus eight and a half, does that make your nipple hard? I absolutely love it. It's not Jaden Daniel zipper zone quite Yeah, but it is, it's, it's it's way up there. I absolutely adore the Bills as a teaser leg this week. I think, you know, the, the back door is extremely open with this Ravens team.


It is a wide open backdoor situation. I'll just leave it at that. I really, I could take this much, much deeper, but I won't do, you Haven't had nearly enough drinks. I won't, I have not. Baltimore's defense 28th and first downs, 32nd and pass. It's like all in the last, it's all in the last 10 minutes of the fourth quarter too. Yeah, because it's all, when the, when the other team realizes like, why the fuck aren't we just passing every down? They can't stop anything. And something about Josh this year and, and the shout out to the, cause that was his Super Bowl pick. I thought it was, I really battled on them back and forth. And I ended up giving that a FC spot to the, to the, the Jets.


'cause I really wanted to work the Jaguars into the playoffs and I gave the Jaguars the Buffalo playoff spot. And I think I did pretty well with the future so far. But that was, I think by far my biggest mistake. There was a case for the bills. There was a case against the bills and the case against them was they have all this dead cap weight. You know, Milano got hurt now Bernard got hurt during the season, but none of it seems to matter because Alan's been that good and maybe he's just gonna be this good the whole year. Right. Well it, this is the game where it might matter, right. We might, I think we finally are gonna see in Baltimore a team that's gonna try and take advantage of the injuries, the line backing core turn to Ron Johnson's compromise. So they'll Just run the ball down their Throats.


They're gonna Yes, they're gonna scheme that way for sure. I've Been really impressed by Buffalo's Pass Rush and just their front in general. Every game it's jumped out. They're V Miller, he's alive Because two, you, you, the instinct is to throw away week two. 'cause Tua got hurt, but by the time Tua got hurt, that game was over. Like they dominated them for two hours. So Yeah. Yeah. You know, it's probably the second best team. They're kind of the team that I thought Houston was gonna be, to be honest. All right, so we'll put them in a teaser leg. Love it. And The Ravens hooked us up last week. No disrespect to them. Right, Right. Thank you. Yeah, no, yeah. And, and they can win. And then there'll be two and two in, in The A.


FC North. Well, the other teaser legs. So what's that gonna be? Well, I have an idea. How about the fucking chiefs minus seven in LA against the Chargers and the Chargers? We've ridden a couple times. Yes. I have a bunch of future bets on them, but this is just, this is a throwaway game. They Herbert's probably not playing. I think it would be crazy to play him. They're missing their two best tackles, Joe Alt and, and Slater. Yeah. Both those guys are out. James got suspended for their secondary and then Bosa like, go figure, he got hurt again. So they're missing not only five starters, but five of their best eight players. Right. Five of their best. Seven players. Right. And they're in a buy next week and they've kind of overachieved anyway, right?


They're two in one. And they'll look at this and go, all right, you know what, let's, let's just, let's get to the buy. We we're probably not beating the Chiefs anyway. Two and two. This is just a nightmare matchup, but I, I don't see a scenario where they hang Is Taylor Heineke, you rooted for Taylor Heineke, he's gonna be running around LA and making plays and doing stuff like get the fuck outta here. Yeah. No chance. He he is, he is, you know, six yards behind the line of scrimmage and a cloud of dust. That's the Taylor Heineke experience. It's the only thing that I'll, I'll sort of urge as a caution is the lines moved a point in the direction, you know, away from the Chiefs. The chiefs were minus eight at, at one point.


Yeah. I'm trying to figure out what, what has happened to pull this down to seven. So I have your answer. I think people have been looking at the chief's defense and thinking it's a little House of cards ish, that there's a lot of, when they play straight up defense, they're actually like a bottom eight defense. When they're blitzing and doing stuff and basically using tricks to get pressure, they're better. Mm. So it iss a lot of like, trick stuff with them. I just don't think they're gonna need a lot of tricks with the Chargers. The Chargers were having trouble moving the ball last week, you know, with with when all the, when the tackles were playing. Yeah. So you take out their run game game and now you're, you're making heineke throw to like these subpar receivers.


Yeah. I guess maybe some of it too is the Chief's run defense hasn't been awesome. But I mean, I, I would think that, that if you were gonna be skeptical of the Chiefs, it would be more on the offensive side of the ball. Totally. Because they, well, but then The other piece is the chiefs are three and oh, and they're three plays away from being oh and three, right? Yeah. So maybe True, true story. maybe People look at that and it's like, man, that line's pretty high. Augh, Grab all those points. But Chiefs historically haven't covered those big numbers. But look, we are in Otica, we are going to do a tease. We don't need all the points. Just grab it seven down to one. That's, that's living life the right way. And push Buffalo up to eight and a half against Baltimore in a one score game.


Baltimore doesn't blow anybody out. They're definitely not blowing out the bills. I'm gonna knock on wood right now. I don't wanna talk it into existence, but that's how we do it. Bz. Well, here's the thing. We missed on the tease last week. Or we, we didn't do one last week, we didn't do one, but we lost the first two weeks and we have not hit a tease yet. And now because of these records of the five and a half and up favorites, like all the teases have been destroyed this season. They have been, I It's gonna be an overcorrection. Where now everyone's afraid to do the tease. It's like, come on, they, it's gonna be the chiefs against Easton sticker Taylor Heineke. They just have to win by one point and the bills to be in a one score game against the Ravens. And plus it's that tease. It's Your birthday, we're not gonna lose It.


It's my birthday. Birthday. It's your birthday week. Did, did Dave Chang make you some chowder for your birthday? No he didn't. He better save that for when I come out. We can celebrate it together. I want some Chang chowder. You Know what happened to me? I I, I might have to have my dad on to talk about this and this already happened to you. I am now out of the 18 to 54 TV demo. You know when they talk about the coveted advertisers demo of 18 to 54, Right? I'm out. So what, what ha they Don't start anymore. The Chicago NBC shows what happened to you when you hit 55 NCIS Indianapolis. You'd be like, oh, Chicago Fire and then a brand new Chicago pd.


Is that gonna happen to me? Is law and order still on us? You know, I'll be like, Oh, homicides on, on peacock Bang on season seven A homicide. What's gonna happen to me? Am I still gonna like White Lotus? Am I too old for White Lotus now? Is LL Cool J still doing that? That investigative So show that's the one. Like there's that Fox surfing show. Am I, is that, am I not in the demo for that? Now with that, that new surfing show they have, I think that's awesome. Those waves are incredible. I I could watch that for hours. I'm mesmerized by big waves. It's so does that make us the wrong demo? These TV people are so stupid. Like just, we all have nice TVs now. Like to have a show with the ocean and HD where like, like big waves.


Yeah, giant waves and lifeguards Watch that. Like what it took so long. What are these people doing? It used to be called Baywatch. So one more thing FanDuel is having. Yeah, it used to be called Baywatch, which was an important show in of our college days. Important. Important. Some would say vital. So FanDuel has for a featured bet this week and anytime TD score bet that if you hit, you get a 50% profit boost. So we're just gonna add that to our beds. Gotta plow into that. Marvin Harrison TD plus 100. Is that what we wanna do? I kind of love it. I mean all, all you need to do is look at how has the opposing team's best receiver done against the Washington secondary week by week.


And it looks pretty effing good. Yeah. Jamar Chase with 115 yards and two touchdowns. Malik Nabors had an incredible game. Both Godwin and Evan's had great games against. I mean, you, you just have to, you know, at some point you have to accept the free money. All right. Is it time? It's million dollar picks time. So we're going with four bets this week. And then, then the little Harrison thing. Okay, well We built up a nice nest egg with the, with the winnings from last week. Do You wanna scale back at all and do like less than 200 KA bet? Or you wanna keep it at the 200 KA bet? This does not to me feel like a big 200 K bet kind of week. I, I mean I think we're still Learnings.


Go back to one 50. Should we just Yeah, There's a lot of injuries out there too. All right, we'll scale back a little bit. The million dollar picks for week four. Last week we won $380,000 and it would've been way more except the Jaguars decided to pull our pants down. I hate the Jaguars. Never again. Notice we didn't even talk about them when we did our million dollar pay. I was like, oh, the Jaguars seven against Houston. No, fuck you Jaguars. We're done. We're done with you. Go to your room. Don't come out. You're grounded. We hate you. We are up for the season. 500, $4,000 through three weeks. That's pretty good. Fake money. Pretty good. Yeah, not bad.


The million dollar picks for week four. The Steelers who have been in, they've been our MVPs of million dollar picks. They have no, undoubtedly Even you're in now. They're laying minus one and a half in Indianapolis to Anthony Richardson, who is the trick or treat quarterback maybe of our generation Right now. It's more trick to treat There. It's a, it's a lot of tricks and occasionally some treats. And we are going into this fully well knowing there might be one play, maybe two, where he just goes back and he throws it 60 yards and it's in perfect stride. We're betting on all the other plays. The plays you don't see on the red zone.


This passes that sail over people's heads. The leading The league in interceptions. Yeah, We're betting on the turnovers and on an awesome, awesome, awesome Steelers de and house. You're a little bullish on a fields like I do think giving a little more to fields each week maybe. So yeah, we're stacking it up. All right, so we're gonna put, we're lowering a little this week just 'cause it's at week four perennially, eh, 150,000 on the Steelers minus one and a half. That's our first one. Next one is a little parlay action. The Cardinals playing your Washington team. And the over, which is over, it's like 49 and a half or 50, but we're gonna bring that over down to 43 and a half in the cards money line.


And we're gonna parlay that and it's minus 1 0 1 on FanDuel fine. And we're jumping on that. Just the cards need to win by one point and we need 44 points or more total. And these two offenses with no defense on either side. Let's go. That's right. I'm not, I mean, I don't even feel disloyal going against Washington. You set it up perfectly. You know, coming off the, the, you're not winning The Super Bowl this year. You just want an awesome Jaden Daniels year and don't get hurt. That's that is it. Don't get hurt. Jaden Daniels keep giving us joy. The Super Bowl was winning in Cincinnati in the week three on Monday night Football in front of a national offense audience. We've done it, we've done it right With Troy Aikman.


Super impressed with the, the throw in the corner as he just gets annihilated to McClarin. Yeah. Okay. So we're putting 150 K on that and then because FanDuel has this little special of the 50% profit boost for an any, for any sort of touchdown score, we're gonna go Marvin Harrison anytime touchdown, which is plus 100. And we're just gonna throw 20 5K on that for great shits and giggles. Yeah. Get the profit boost. Yeah, we like you Marvin. All right, next one. Detroit at home on a Monday night against the Seattle team that can't block anyone that has defensive line issues that might not have Kenneth Walker and Detroit has not really played a good start to finish game.


I think it's gonna be this week, Detroit first half Detroit game. Parley, I talked to you into this. You did even money plus 100 on FanDuel. Fine, fine, fine. 150 K on that. Just take a lead in the first half Detroit and take care of business. And you can fart around and golf can throw his one stupid pick. And Ben Johnson can have his one terrible fourth down play that Jamir gives his running sideways, doing a flip lateral pass and gets, you can do all that, but just win the game and take a lead in the first half. So that's our third bet. And then the last, but not least, we're, we're going back, we're doing a tease. We're not listening to Raheem and everybody else who hates teases, but no, Raheem likes teases. As long as we do it properly, it's A special week because we have this gift of the Chiefs minus seven in LA with five of the best seven chargers out, including both of their tackles, their safety, who runs their secondary, their best S guy and their quarterback, who's the star of their team. None of them are playing. We just need the chiefs to win by one. We're taking that down from minus seven minus one. By the way, there's probably gonna be 45,000 chiefs fans at that game. Just, just gonna mention that we like the Chargers, not the week. They have a bye week next week. Just, just right, whatever. We don't care. We'll be two and two heading the bye week. Everyone will get healthy. We'll be fine. Chiefs minus one bills up to plus eight and a half in Baltimore. One square game. One square game. You have to say who's gonna win that game? I might be making the case on The Ringer pregame show Sunday morning for the Buffalo money line. Buffalo money on the money line against Baltimore. Yeah, that's what's great about that line is I actually think it should probably be a pick, or maybe even Bill's minus one or somewhere in there. But I think it's a one score game. So we're taking bills plus eight and a half and that is our tees. So four bets this week plus a little Harrison. We're not, it doesn't add up to a million dollar picks. It doesn't always have to. Sometimes we have to be smart scaling it back a tiny bit. 150,000 on the four bets, plus the little Harrison bet. And those are the million dollar picks for week four.


and Joe House has a quarterback that we're kind of betting on in this game. 'cause we have that. We have the over in that game. So you can still root for him to do stuff and not feel bad about it. Believe me, I will house. Great to see you. Thanks Bs. Happy birthday buddy. All right, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Bryan Curtis and Joe House and especially Logan Murdock. Thanks to Kyle Creighton and Steve for producing as well. And I will see you on Sunday with Cousin Sal. We're doing it live, remember? And you can go to my YouTube channel, watch us do the podcast live on the Bill Simmons channel. And don't forget Mr. McMahon on Netflix, it is available to be consumed all six episodes.


So find some time over the weekend. Enjoy the weekend. I will see you on Sunday. Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem, call 100 GAMBLER or visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut.


Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or text Hope Y in New York.