
Join me, Danny Kelly, along with Danny Heitz and Craig Beck. Every week on The Ringer Fantasy Football Show. As we prepare for the 2024 fantasy football season, we'll cover all the biggest news and topics across the league, as well as whatever weird topics our listeners email us about. That's The Ringer Fantasy Football Show on Spotify.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA. Michelob ULTRA good for many things. Camping, barbecues, cheering on your favorite team, hanging out on a nice summer night, which I just did actually on Friday night. Just sitting outside just having a beer. And guess what? Michelob? ULTRA because they sent me a bunch of Michelob ULTRA and it's really good. And there were only a couple left and I was mad 'cause every time we put it in the fridge, somebody drinks it, but it was delicious. Be sure to stock up for the summer. Enjoy Michelob ULTRA Superior Light Beer. Order a pack of Michelob ULTRA today. Have it delivered through doordash.com. LDA 21 and up.


This episode is brought to you by ri.


I love sports. I know you do too. I also know that lots of you exercise, but if you're like me and my wife, the the beloved sports gal, you're sick and tired of ugly, uncomfortable workout gear especially, you know, I do a lot of walking. I walk around la, I make calls, I listen to podcasts. Here are two words that will change everything. Vori clothing, a line of active wear that is unbelievable. The best thing about re is you can lounge around in it, you can work out in it, you can go outside, you can go shopping down in your local wherever. And you never feel like you're either underdressed or overdressed. You're just comfortable. you can wear it when you're training, traveling, lounging around the house. Go get yourself some of the most comfortable and versatile clothing on the planet. Here's the deal, our listeners get 20% off their first purchase at vui.com/simmons. Once again, VU i.com/simmons.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer. Podcast Network, where I put up a new re watchable on Monday night. We did No way out. It was super fun. And we ran the entire episode on our YouTube channel. Ringer Movies. you can watch that as well. you can watch a bunch of re watchable and big picture episodes on there. And we're also putting up old episodes from 2019, 20 and 21 that we had on video that we never actually put on YouTube. So we did Hoosiers last week with me and Relo and then this week we put up Miracle with me and Chris Ryan. So you can go check it out. The, Ringer movies, YouTube channel. We're also put up a bunch of stuff from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. if you didn't know about that, I will not have a podcast on Sunday.


But we will have a brand new re watchable on Sunday and it's a really good movie. I'll just tell you that. So that's going up Sunday night on this podcast. Our old friend Derek Thompson is coming on to talk about the Future of Everything. Oh yeah. Of everything. And then Joe House. I had to have mine. I'm like Wingrow, I had to get it on man. I had to get it on Olympics coming. All we care about is Olympics basketball, whatever. There's sprinters, there's swimmers, there's all kinds of sports. Great. I care about the basketball at this point. And we have a bunch of beds. FanDuel has a bunch of stuff on there and Joe, House and I have some opinions. So we're gonna talk about that.


Maybe a little NFL as well. So this is a big mega podcast 'cause I'm gonna be gone for probably until a week from Sunday. So just an fyi. But we'll have some rewatch coming next week as well. Here we go. Our from pro. All right, we had to do this, the Olympics are starting this weekend. Joe House is here 20 years ago before podcasts I think were invented.


Joe House. And I bet on Argentina to win the gold medal at the 2004 basketball part of the Olympics. They were 10 to one odds. We did not put a small amount on it and they won. And we rooted against our country. But that's how strongly we felt about the team. They put together house. All bets are off with us from a patriotism standpoint. Our patriotism, our flag is just green. We wave a green flag and that's it. And I'm not a ashamed, we're capitalists. I mean I, I think it is patriotic. We believe in capitalism and yet I'm, I think the USA team will win. Yes. I don't feel awesome about betting against them, but we might have done a couple hedges.


So let's just go through it. We're gonna talk about Olympic basketball only. That's the only thing we know about and some of the value we see. So gold medal USA minus seven 50, Canada's 10 to one France, 15 to one Serbia, 15 to one Germany, 28 to one. We dabbled on France at 15 to one. Make the case, well the defense that they're going to be able to bring the table both in terms of rim protection, but more importantly in terms of the perimeter. And it's not just the notion of gobert as rim protector and weby covering side to side playing free safety. Kula Bali is a badass defender.


A badass perimeter defender. And so the theory is that that it'll be super hard to score against France. They're gonna have the home cooking and you know, anything that goes weird will go in their favor. Now it's not awesome that they lost a bunch. What? What do you mean goes weird? Do you mean like shady calls? 'cause the France crowd is going nuts. I mean did you watch the Moroccan run onto the field and the Morocco soccer game earlier this week? Like stuff goes weird stuff is gonna happen. Interesting. Anyway, yeah, so, so the France piece, I watched every minute of all the friendlies that the US team played and they made the decision to turn the, to give the car keys to LeBron.


It seems like for the, for the Olympics, France is gonna be a hard team from the size to just basically like try to drive like the type of team that I thought we were gonna have, which was a little more drive and kick and little more guard friendly outside shooting they USA was playing way more power stuff than I was expecting. There was a lot of post ups of mbi, there was post up with LeBron and I'm not sure that's gonna work against France when it seems like France's guards are so bad. That would be our big advantage. So I don't know that that matchup worries me, but I think they're gonna beat France. The team that worries me for us is Germany. Yes, we're on the same page.


We didn't even prepare notes on this. Germany Is 20 to one. They could not be less afraid of the US Schroder for some reason, and this goes back to a couple years ago, the Warriors. The Warriors Lakers series like Schroder loves playing against Curry. I would say Shruder's the number one guy against Curry. So if Curry's gonna be like a crunch time guy, Schroder's like that's great. I love playing against this guy. The the Wagner's completely unafraid. They have that shooter Ost who kills them I think is Ost I his name right? The guy who murdered them in the world championships and I don't know, I just kind of liked the team. They had size.


I mean Danny Tyson, Damien, Yeah. Still, still some, some bulk in the middle. They have that nice compliment. So the Feba basketball style, you have to have some size, which is why, you know, you look at at somebody like Canada, you're like yeah, Tender one, Are we getting enough juice? They don't really have that great inside. You better have some inside presence. And that's part of the thesis for, for France. Their guards are are terrible but Germany has size. We, I'm not worried about size with Germany. Germany has size and guys that have played together for a while, they, what are they like a seven, eight man rotation. Yes. And they're tight, really comfortable with each other and they have like the prototype of these teams that succeed in these international stuff where Schroder just doesn't come out.


He plays the whole game. Wagner slashed in the rim. They have Rebounders, they have offensive rebounders, they have guys who know how to bat the ball off the rim the moment it gets there. And they have a couple shooters. Like I don't think, I didn't actually think USA played that bad in the Germany game. I just thought Germany was really comfortable and played really well against him and USA's my fear with them, we have not talked about this at all. I haven't even talked to you on the phone in a couple weeks. They, they moved away from kind of what they thought this USA team was gonna be. There's a lot of guys who are like, yeah, maybe I should be playing crunch time. You know, there there's, I'm just, there's some alpha stuff I'm just concerned about.


There's a lot of guys who seem like they're not being used exactly how they get used during the NBA season. And I'm not sure it's the best version of them. Like Tatum was bad in the exhibition games. I thought well he didn't have the ball a lot and he just didn't seem comfortable. We have a threshold question. Is KD playing? Is KD definitely playing because let's you know we're gonna start playing basketball. The US' first game is Sunday and he hasn't played with this team at all. Now does it matter, he's potentially the greatest Olympian in the history of the United States competing in Olympic basketball if he gets his fourth gold medal and he's a crucial player in previous gold medal runs.


But like we have a chemistry experiment going on here, an ongoing chemistry experiment, which is why South Sudan was competitive and why Germany was competitive. And your question is exactly the right question. Who is the crunch time five and and who is going to feel comfortable with having their minutes diminished and be able to come in and still make an impact? Because I, you know, we're looking at the props for players and I sort of put in our thread, you know, what about this player or that player? But the biggest question is who's getting minutes and who's getting crunch time minutes and how do you allocate that? I think they're a little bit susceptible, right? A little bit susceptible. Which is why you and I both have some exposure to a handful of countries that are not the United States of America.


Yeah, I did the minutes thing on Sunday 'cause I just think people kind of forget every four years how few minutes there are and how it's, you're basically looking at four guys playing between 25, 28 minutes a game and then maybe three to four guys as the bench dudes and that's it. Like I just, Edwards and book are one of those guys is gonna lose if KD plays, I think Tatum's gonna lose, I think Tatum's gonna lose minutes. Agree. And I thought T Tatum was gonna be the guaranteed mellow Wade six man spot, but he doesn't seem totally comfortable with it. They have a lot of guys who are used to having the ball all the time and they made the decision to give the car keys to LeBron and he looked good in those last two games.


But on the other hand he the ball a lot, they barely beat South Sudan and they barely beat Germany and nobody else really looked that good. So I, I think they're kind of stuck because I think they've made LeBron the point forward. I don't like the way he looks with Embi together. I think they look too slow. It's exactly the type of team, you know, they just, they're not playing with the right kind of pace. And Kerr said this after the last game, he is like, I don't like the way we're playing. We're not, we don't have the same kind of pace that I thought we're gonna play with because the LeBron and Eddo wanna play that way. So you know there, there's versions, five band versions that I watch where I'm like, that's it. That's how they should be playing and I just don't know if they're gonna be able to find the combinations in time.


So are they gonna win? I would say almost definitely. Are they susceptible? I think they are right because fundamentally they don't know who their nine main rotation is and I'm not sure they know who the final five are. Do you feel like they know who the last five guy, let's say they're playing Germany and they're down three with four minutes left, who's out there? Definitely LeBron. Definitely LeBron. Definitely Anthony Davis. But now you're sitting Embi, which they were really hesitant they kept Embi in that last game until there was like two minutes left and it was clear they needed to bring Davis in. Yeah, so I, I mean it my guess would be LeBron and Davis.


Steph, Steph Edwards? No I think Drew's in there. Wow. I think, I think Edwards and Booker are out and then I think, I think KD, if he's healthy is the fifth. I think it's KD and Drew and LeBron and Davis and Curry. That team Could lose if that's the crunch time, that team could definitely lose. I don't think you can not have Drew out there though because you either need him or white 'cause of the defense. One of those guys is gonna have to chase Schroder. What name a international point guard. It's gonna have to be one of those two S-G-A-S-G-A. So Canada, they're gonna play Canada at some point potentially.


And Canada's gonna go small on them and Canon's gonna be like try to overpower us. Great. We'll give you baskets on that end, but we're gonna try to race your dudes around. if you watch them bead really closely in the, in the friendlies, he couldn't jump out on shooters at all. And the announcers were just missing it. Like at, at one point Germany just was a, they got three straight threes right off because they were just putting him in picker rolls or trying to get him and they knew he couldn't run out in time. And that's all Canada's gonna do when they play him. They're just gonna be like how? But the problem for Canada is they're just too small. You mentioned it earlier, like I I feel like LeBron and Embi could just overpower those guys. Right? The Tatu piece.


I, the Tatum part is gonna be really fascinating because he, he might play way less than I think people realize. I think that makes sense to be honest with you, it doesn't, you know the the, he just played 110 games, however many games it was the longest, you know, regular season comparable to the 2022 season for him it's a lot of basketball to go straight from that into training camp for the Olympic team and, and the Olympics like, But he's in good shape though. I I the question for me is LeBron was the point forward on an eight seed that won one playoff game. Tatum was basically the point forward on a team that went 80, 81 and 20 and easily won the playoffs.


And now are we sure we should be marginalizing Tatum like this? Well what's your goal? I mean Because they just have Tatum on the side. We're Not giving LeBrons minutes to Tatum in the 2024 Olympics. Well that's so they made the decision, they'd made the decision to give the car case to LeBron and I'm not sure Tatum is a stand on the side guy 'cause he is not a good three point shooter. So KD I think is gonna get those minutes. Wow. KD who If he's healthy Is healthy. Yeah. It's Because the other one we really Talk to ourselves into this. I love this. Well the other one who is not used to not having the ball is Edwards. Sure. You've you've guys who are just like, I'm just not used to standing over here hoping I get the ball.


That's not how, I don't really, you watch when Derrick White was out there, Derrick white and Drew are so good at not having the ball and Derrick white's like cutting, right? The defense is falling asleep all of a sudden he's doing back cuts and it's like yeah that's what you do when you have the ball. I don't fully know if some of these guys know how to do that. So. it was a lot of like LeBron just pounding the ball and people just kind of standing there waiting to see what he was gonna do. And then there's the deferential piece 'cause it's one of the greatest ports of all time. It's I can be like, Hey LeBron, let me take this one. The good stuff was the LeBron Curry stuff I thought was really promising. The I agree the using LeBron as like the greatest dream on ever.


There was some LeBron curry and bead triangle stuff that I was like whoa, what's that? There's times on embi just like, I'm just gonna plant my ass down. Just get me the ball. It's a four footer So. it might, it might be fine I guess is my point. It should be fine. Of course it's, we have the the best players from from top to bottom. Yeah, but you and I have known each other a long time. Yes. You can't just put a team of your 12 best dudes out there. They have to compliment each other in some way. And I'm not a hundred percent confident they achieved that with this group they put together. There's versions of it, there's five man versions. But ultimately like, I don't know.


Well the one thing I do know, is it time to start talking some of these props? Yes. Go. The thing that leaves off the page based on the entirety of our last eight Days worth, worth. We did not discuss this. I think we have the same one. What is it? Comparing notes is LeBron James to be the top US assist leader at plus 1 42. That's, that's probably my favorite bet on the entire board is LeBron to lead the US team in assists at plus money. That was my second favorite bet. I thought the odds I, I blinked 'cause I was like why isn't that minus 1 42? Right? Like he's gonna have the ball all the time and it and there's clearly they want him to be the star of the Olympics and I think everybody's either signed up for that or maybe has begrudgingly signed up for it depending on the player.


I like that one. I love that was my second favorite. My favorite was Anthony Davis most rebounds on team USA minus one 10. I was shocked. It's right there. I think he's gonna win that comfortably. Yeah, it's, it's right here. See this because The, the other thing with like, well the other thing with embi are we sure em beads gonna be able to play in every game? All all, all we've done is watch Joelle Embiid when it becomes like, you know, playoff time, important game time, not be able to, to play. And by the way he's still not in shape. And by the way, congrats to Philly for having, you know, a a forced kind of training camp to put the dude through some kind of discipline in, in the summer right.


Post his his his victory Injury. Yeah. Phil's the big winner. Yeah, Hess actually like exercising is winner A hundred percent right. He's he's, he doesn't wanna be embarrassed. I mean the most important thing, I'll knock on wood, I mean obviously we're is slightly disparaging Joel, but I want him to be healthy for this upcoming NBA season Slightly. He's outta shape As usual. Just Watch him on, watch him on tv. Yeah. He's the luxury item of this team that on both not sure they need but then on the flip side I think they really need him 'cause they do like guess what when they play France, you know who's gonna be nice to have Joelle Embiid. Yes, exactly right. When they play yoic, guess what he's gonna be really fired up to go against Yoic for whatever.


But yeah to me, I mean this is such a good moment for Anthony Davis. So here's, this is why I think the odds aren't better for most total rebounds on team USA 'cause it's Anthony Davis. What does that mean? Well he could at any point just be rolling on the ground holding something. Oh no, don't do That. No I'm just saying like this is don't do that. But he's not, he's not count Ripkin Jr. He had a very, that's that's why because he clearly should be a heavy favorite for most rebounds. But you have to factor in the, he's Very good in terms of playing the last two seasons. Who did you like for most points? Because, so I'll read the odds. It's LeBron's plus three 20 Curry is plus three 40 Edwards plus four 40 that's not happening.


And b plus six 50, it's conceivable, even if he's playing 20 minutes a game, I could see him averaging 19 points a game in 20 minutes. Durant plus seven 90. I don't see it with the calf Davis plus seven 90 and then Tatum 13 to one, which I really would've liked three weeks ago in that Wade mellow off the bench. Instant offense. Lots of threes. But So the, there was an early wave of props that came out a couple weeks ago before now FanDuel, God bless them. They really gave us something. Yeah, I mean I spent, thank you FanDuel spent nearly, I don't wanna say how many hours but quite a bit of this morning down this Olympics basketball hole on the site and doing the evaluation is just a glorious thing.


But Steph Curry was the leading contender for me a couple weeks ago before we started seeing some of these friendlies. Because I like the idea of Steph in his very first Olympics. It's gonna be his first and his last. I mean, you know, maybe he'll play in the next one. I don't think so. Right. Coming out with Steve Curry as the coach coming out and being that scorer and being on the world stage, the problem is LeBron, this is the going away president for LeBron. This tournament is about LeBron James. That there is no question about that now. And so the odds for for Curry have been wiped out and I don't like Curry a anymore. I mean, you know, LeBron seems like a, a reasonable enough kind of bet.


I'm surprised you dismissed Edwards so quickly. So here's the thing with Edwards for me, he, speaking of fearless is not going to feel like he needs to defer. He's not going to feel like he needs to share the ball. He is gonna try and go to the hole when it, when it's crunch time. He had double digits in all five of the friendlies. He had double digits and, and you know, not even Steph Curry had double digits in all of those games. So Edwards at plus four 40 at that price is kind of attractive to me. Yeah, I just wonder, is he gonna split minutes with Booker and is there gonna be some Derrick White moments where they actually just kind of need Derrick White out there with Drew or Derrick White separately than Drew or they, that would be my fear.


Okay. I was looking back at, in 2008, Dwayne Wade led the team in scoring in 2008, which is probably the most similar team to this team. 'cause that team was pretty deep. 16 points a game led the team in scoring. Sure It's not gonna be very many points In 2012, Durant led the team at 19.5 and then in 2016 Durant again at 19.4. But he's playing, you know, big minutes in both of those years. So then you get to 2021. I think Tatum led the team that, oh it was Durant again 20.7. I mean Durant one of the great international, I mean it's really like sure should be in the first paragraph of his legacy.


So there's a Durant spot, a shooter who could make those short threes playing, you know, maybe 20 to 24 minutes a game. So that could be Edwards but he would've to hit the threes. It's what I think it's Edwards. It's a shorter three point line and you know, he can get the stroke going. I don't love the odds for any of those. That's fine. We don't have to bet on that one. At, at gunpoint, I would say Curry plus three 40 because I think he's gonna play a lot of minutes. And if, especially if LeBron is point forward, you know, look more of a facilitator and less of a drive to the basket guy. I'm with you LeBron plus 1 42 for assist is an amazing bet.


We love It. Like sign me up and then wasn't there, wasn't there? Oh, Olympics basketball. MVP is a bet. I don't remember them giving this out before. Do you? I feel like we would've argued about this. This might be a new award. I Don't know. We can look it up. Well LeBron is the favorite of plus three 20 Curry's plus six 80. Edwards is eight to one. Davis at nine to one caught my attention, especially if MB has to like miss a game or two with some neat thing and and Davis is suddenly playing 30 a game putting up like 15 and 11 every game. He, you, you beat me to it.


He would have to average a double double and he, I mean think about what he'd have to do to jump over LeBron for that LeBron at plus three 20 is fine. Like those, I think those, yeah Those odds are like Mahomes. Those are like Mahomes, NFL MVP odds just like, yeah not, not great value but they're clearly gearing the team around him. So it's the safest bet. Then you go to the other countries, Shaa is 13 to one. Yoic is 14 to one Webe, 15 to one. What a story that would be. And then Schroder at 30 to one I thought was interesting. That would mean, so you bet on Germany 28 to win to win the thing or you bet on Shroder 30 to one.


I would rather just have the Germany 28 to one bet. Giannis is 35 to one. There's really not a lot of MVP value, you know what's really happening house that's, they've just ruined our future bets. They just remove all the value from all of them. Really the only way you can win on a future anymore in a real way is if you bet like the Patriots to win the A FC East that 50 to one and they actually do it. Other than that they remove all the value. Like even the Bucks who I think are really kind of the stealth contender for the nba are you talking Are talking about the Milwaukee Bucks. I'm talking about the Milwaukee Bucks. Oh my God. They're 15 one. They're not even good odds. I they're not even good odds. You stink. They're not good odds and they're not good.


So, so there you go. It's a stay away. It makes it easy. Your favorite under was the under for the Celtics for the season. Right? Well I I mentioned it on Monday's East coast bias with Raheem and JJ just because 58 wins is very much 50 and a Half. Very likely. I know, but 58 wins the East. Right. Kind of going like 58 a better conference is still a great season's. A lot and it's a lot and it's respectful and it and it, and it's reflective of how committed they are to the regular season. It's just they don't have pingus. I agree with you that it At least till the all-star break. Yeah. February. Yeah. And you know, it's just that fatigue, like it doesn't make sense.


They don't have to go full pedal to the metal. Right. The first part of of the season. They're gonna win their, their share of games. I mean they're, you know, 58 wins translates into whatever the win percentage is. It's still very high. I just, it felt like 58 and a half. You don't need to to, they don't need to win 60 games and I don't think they're going to, I don't think anyone wins 60 games in the east. No argument. No argument. I think, I think we get think a 60 win team, it comes out of the west and it could be a team like OKC. Like they, I could see them being six seven wins better just 'cause they got deeper and better and their guys are a year older. I love they're over. All right, so our recommendations USA minus seven 50.


We don't like the odds. France 15 to one Germany 28 to one has long shot bets. Pretty good odds. Just a little bit. Just a little taste. Yeah. Like a sprinkle. you can still feel patriotic and root for USA and then we both love LeBron for best assist at plus 1 42. That's right. Now let me, we'll, we'll, we'll part Jock Dale catch your attention at all for Australia Top rebounder for Australia. Jock Land Dale at plus 1 28. They have no other size. They have Op Reef. I believe that's how you pronounce his name. I didn't realize that was something you could bet on. I didn't, I didn't get to the Unle, I didn't get to the Jack Dale section of the sports.


You Didn't go all the way down to Australia Cross. I obviously you didn't go all the way down, but I didn't realize Giddy is available at minus two 90 to lead Australia in assist. That's fine. You just have to lay the juice. It's like, that doesn't feel like a bad bet, but Jack Dale available plus 1 28 plus money for land Dale to lead in rebounds. That's my other favorite bet on, on the board. That's really good. Most points for them. Giddy plus 180 4. I thought I saw one of the Australia games and I thought giddy you could just see it that he's gonna be good in Chicago. I I'm, I I feel pretty confident. What's a perfect situation for him?


Yeah, guess what? He needs the ball all the time. Which puts, puts something in common with him in half the guys on TUSA. We'll see how it goes. I I'm sure there's gonna be some drama. There's gonna be a game in the first four where they look like shit and they're losing at halftime. I still think they're gonna win. And I think the LeBron MVP bet is the, is the smart thing too because you know he's gonna bring the flag out of the beginning of the Olympics. Like it just feels like this is the LeBron thing. It's interesting spot for Curry by the way. 'cause I think Curry was like, I thought this was gonna be my Olympics. I've never been on the Olympic team. I agree. What to the Steph Curry Olympics. This is gonna be the, the, the LeBron going away present this whole year.


He gets Bronny. I mean I, you know, would it surprise you if he plays this year, gets all this stuff with Ronnie then retires at the end of the season. He gets Zach Levine. But that's the Celtic hater in you just, Just trying to talk some shit Into existence. I don't know what moves they're with, what moves are available for them. Zach Levi, they haven't made a move. They haven't even sent free agents. Hilarious. That's great. It's great. What do you they're a playin team. What do you wanna say? The Lakers are a playin team. You think they're even a playin team? What was their ever under on FanDuel? 43 and a half Lakers. Oh my god. Warriors 43 and a half. Houston, these three teams. What do these three teams not have?


Which one of these doesn't belong? Houston 43 and a half. Lakers. 43 and a half Warriors. 43 and a half. Awesome. So good. I'm so excited. This this west where we only know that Portland and Utah are gonna suck. Even San Antonio. I'm not a hundred percent convinced it's gonna suck. And then you quickly move into the Houston Clippers, Kings, warriors, pelicans, Lakers. Like who the fuck knows? It's Great. So good. I can't wait. I love it. It's gonna be a fun season. But we are way more excited about NFL. I know you've been doing prep. Oh the prep. Yes. I'm gonna be, we're speaking Of deep Dives. I'm gonna be diving in. All right. Good to see you house. Always a pleasure. BS


This episode is brought to you by Better Help. It's easy to look at someone else who seems to have it all together and wish you were them. People think I only like Boston athletes. I love Michael Jordan. I have pictures in my room from college. I had more Michael Jordan posters than any Boston athlete. Loved him all the way through the finals unless he was playing the Celtics. But you know the saying, the grass is always greener on the other side. It's true. Honestly, the more you compare yourself to others, especially when I was comparing myself to Michael Jordan in the nineties and thinking, wow, he's better than me in every conceivable way. When you do that, the less happy you'll be. You're better off spending your time and energy improving yourself. If you need some help with that, I recommend therapy. you can learn positive coping skills for when you're stressed. Learn to set boundaries and enforce them and learn how to be the best version of you. Work through anything, not just major traumas. if you wanna give therapy a chance, try better help. It's entirely online. And starting as easy, just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist. you can even switch therapists whenever you need to for whatever reason for no additional charge. So stop comparing, start focusing with better help. Visit better help.com/ Bill Simmons today to get 10% off your first month. That is better. Help hlp.com/ Bill Simmons


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. When you think of burglars, you think of cartoonish stereotypes like black clad figures wearing a bad ski mask lurking in the dead of night. According to the FBI most break-ins actually happen during the day and they even spike during the summer. Since more people are away from home. That's why it's important to get a reliable home security system now more than ever. Like SimpliSafe, I can't recommend them high enough. They'll protect your home from break-ins and more. With fast protect, monitoring, live guard protection with them, agents can react fast and even deter intruders. Think about it, you go away. You're probably going away this summer. Don't you wanna know your place is okay? Don't you wanna know? you can check on your phone. Don't you wanna know people or watching whoever is kind of lingering on the outside and they might even be able to deter them from even taking one step forward. I've been away a couple times this year. It's nice to know you protect this when you sign up for Fast Protect monitoring. Just visit SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. That is SimpliSafe do com slash bs. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Alright, we basically do this twice a year. Derek Thompson is here. He hosts the excellent plain English podcast for The Ringer. He also writes for The Atlantic. He's one of the best people in the business. And twice a year we try to figure out the Future of Everything and we separate it into four categories. Sports, culture, tech. And I think we did science last time. We might switch it to politics. But you, you, you can drive it. And what we do is we, we don't tell each other what is gonna, what we're, what we think is the future of whatever and we just kind of do it. And if we overlap and have the same thing, so be it. But first of all, good to see you. How's the summer going?


It's great. Just moved to North Carolina. I've really loved it. I'll be here for the next year. My wife is doing, finishing her PhD in clinical psychology. So we moved here for her internship and I've had a blast living in Chapel Hill. Can the hornets pull you in maybe to do some advisory stuff for the team? Maybe? Look, I'm open Some VP of common sense stuff. I don't know, you should throw it out there. I am happy to consult for the Hornets or anybody else in the area. I don't know that much about Being's probably need it the most. Yeah, yeah. I was gonna say, there seems to be a lot of need in this particular state. I'm not sure if I'm the best person to give counsel, but at this point, how much worse could things possibly get You start us off. I don't know what vertical you wanna hit, but you go, you have first pick, you do whatever you want.


you can go any, anywhere, any of the verticals. I wanna save the most fun stuff for later. Culture sports. Let's start with politics. It's been probably the craziest month in political news that I can remember. So it's a little bit funny to talk about the future of politics when the recent past of politics is so insane. I wanna talk about something that I'm writing about right now that I've been thinking about a lot in the last few months, which is people talk about polarization in the US electorate. You know, people are polarized by race, they're polarized by education. I become very interested in how America is polarized by gender and the possibility that the US is more polarized by gender than any time in American history.


So as a general rule, women vote for Democrats and men vote for Republicans. This has been true for 50 years. Democrats have not won a majority of the male vote since 1976. But there's some data that suggests that men and women are pulling further apart today. According to Gallup polling, the political gap between young men and women is the highest in history. Men under 30 are leaning toward the Republican party more than any time this century. And we did a show on this in February with the scholar Alice Evans called The Gender War within Gen Z. And people can look that up. It's plain English, the gender war within Gen Z.


And I talked to a lot of political scientists after that show and some of them took issue with my framing. They said, you know, the thing we know for certain isn't so much that gender polarization, it's growing. Rather it's, it's the way we talk about gender that's polarized. There is now a Republican way of talking about masculinity that is very distinct from the Democratic way of talking about men. There's a democratic way of talking about women and there's a Republican way of talking about women. So it's not so much like men are from Mars, women are from Venus. It's more like Republican men and women are from Mars and Democratic men and women are from Venus. So my Future of Everything prediction on this subject is that number one, especially now that the election is almost certainly going to be a Republican guy against a democratic woman, I think we're gonna see a year of extraordinary gender polarization in the way this election is, is fought.


And I think November could be the largest gender gap in American history, the largest gap in the way that women and men vote. And so my eyes are fully on this being maybe the edge of the present, the near future in politics. So how much of this do you think has to do with all the stuff that's happened with Roe v Wade and women's, the right to control what happens to your body? Because anecdotally people in my life, especially my wife and daughter, this is their number one thing they care about. I think it's absolutely huge. if you look at Gallup polling and you ask men and women, are you pro-choice or pro-life? Historically, and this surprised me when I saw this. Men and women are pretty similar in identifying as pro-choice and pro-life until until about 2020.


And then women got much more liberal, I suppose you could say more likely to say they were pro-choice. Such that now the gender gap on this issue of abortion is the highest that it's ever been. So I I, yeah, I think a lot of this has to do with Dobbs. I think a lot of it has to do with the salience of abortion, which is also obviously the salience of how much power do we want to give, you know, government, which is disproportionately male, how much power do we want to give them in terms of telling women what they can do with their bodies? Absolutely. A huge part of the rising gender gap as I see it. Do you think the way people have cared about politics over the years has changed?


'cause in like, I don't know, 60, 70 years ago it was all about all these different factors, right? Well you believed then there's way more idealistic and it was the total package of what somebody brought to the table. And now I wonder if it's just one issue for a lot of people where it's like I just care about this one thing and this, this is the swing for me. And wherever it stands one way or the other, that's where I'm gonna drift. Which kind of ties into what's happened with society in general where everybody's become more narcissistic and more like kind of in their own worlds. And I wonder if everything's tied together. Is that too too crazy? No, I don't think it's necessarily too reductive. One shift that I'm really interested in is there's this political scientist named Ronald Englehardt who came up with this theory that politics has shifted from materialism to post materialism.


So what that means, materialism is like, you know, your bread and butter policy issues, taxing and spending and insurance and regulations. That's, that's materialism, that's economics. And he said once a country becomes rich enough, they actually stop caring so much about economic policy. They want to just have culture wars that's post materialism. And I do think that politics has become more about culture wars. Host material fights not, not what policies do you support, but who are you? And that goes directly to my future of politics prediction that this question of what do you think is the proper role of men and women in society?


Do you think women should work or should they stay home? Do you think women should have the choice to have an abortion or not? These cultural issues, identity issues weigh so much more in politics than they did 60 or 70 years ago. Well, and you've even seen in the election, just in the last week since, since Harris stepped in for Biden and then all of a sudden we had the cat lady stuff, Jennifer Aniston, who's never said anything about anything. All of a sudden she's waiting in attacking JD Vance. But it wa it was interesting that that was one of the places the Republicans went right away was like, we're gonna attack this person basically because she doesn't have kids. Yeah. But that it was a, it was an interview from, from two years ago, but it was really interesting that it circulated right when It, it resurfaced in a, in exactly a way that seemed aggressive.


And then, and then the, the Tim Waltz had an interesting quote when he was on M-S-N-B-C-I-I-I have it right here. He said that when you look at the Trump Vance ticket, it, it looks like a He-Man woman haters club. And that right there is such an interesting stark contrast. You have the, the Republican vice president saying that the Democrats are just a quote bunch of childless cat ladies and you have a Minnesota governor, Tim Waltz saying the Republican party is a bunch of he man women haters. That again is my point. That there is there we are becoming polarized in the way we talk about gender. And I don't think that was necessarily as true in the past.


Yeah, it's weird 'cause it feels like we've made like all these incredible strides all over the place. All so you think that would make it less polarizing but instead of went the other way? I like what you're thinking because I I, it does feel like this is gonna be, especially as we get closer to the election and we have the possibility of a female president and and we saw some of this in 2016, but in general now that we have the Supreme Court shifting like it did and it just feels like it's gonna be the dominant thing. Alright, that was a good start here is here is my politics Future of Everything. And it's really the short term future. I would say it's, it's the next six months. We've been heading this way for a long time. We've been heading this way since the days of Oliver Stone and the early JFK assassination stuff.


And then we move into the internet era and early days of the internet message boards and then it really starts rounding into shape after nine 11 and this conspiracy culture comes into play. And that's the last 20 years. And we've seen it in all these different ways and it's just getting worse and worse. And I feel like right now, I don't wanna call it the apex, it's more like the nadir. This is Nadir Mountain. It feels like right now is the worst the conspiracy stuff will be in our lifetime. And you just think of all the things that happened recently, Trump his almost assassination, and immediately there's this whole separate dialogue about well what happened?


Who tried to kill him? Did the bullet hit him? It just 19 different storylines come outta that almost seemed to take precedent over the fact that somebody died. Other people were shot. It was just what happened? How did this, we're having a, a hearing with the Secret Service like right away. Like people just, they moved to conspiracy mode immediately. Then Biden gets pushed out of the race. There was a real thing for a couple days. He's not alive anymore, he's dead, he's died. They're covering it up. This is now the movie Dave, like we're now living in real life. It's like, well what? So then he finally gives a speech on Wednesday and it's like his watch was at the wrong time.


People are just fucking nuts now. People think the Democrats tried to kill Trump that's out there. You have the Epstein logs, which nobody, everyone wants answers for that. Who was on there is is the whole Epstein culture. All the people who are tied to Epstein and then, and then the Obama piece of it where he hasn't, we're taping this on a Thursday where he hasn't come out and directly said who he wants. It's like, well he wants Michelle in there. And that's, and it just feels like this is the dialogue now. It's insane. You go to the, the subreddit for the conspiracy and it's, it's, it's the all time most insane it's ever been.


And I just wonder, is that who we are now? So my Future of Everything is like will two 2024? Is this the culmination of a 35 year journey to get to this point where people are now just insane And now you're bringing in AI in the ability to tweak video, to tweak audio and we're gonna start to lose the sense of what's real. And that's real. What happens the first time somebody tweaks a video of Kamala saying or doing something that she didn't do? I think this is gonna be the worst part of the election and that's saying something because there's gonna be a lot of worse parts. So that's my prediction. Next five months will go to hell. Next five months will go to hell.


But you said earlier, this could be the worst that the conspiracy theorizing of America gets. I almost feel like I wanna be like Homer Simpson when Bart's like, this is the worst day of my life. And Homer says the worst day of your life so far. That's how I feel. This is going to be the worst year of conspiracy theories so far. True. There's no reason to think it's ever going to get better. And the answer, this is a slight preview of my tech Future of Everything, one answer is ai. It's going to be so much easier to lie, to do deep fakes. And with the presence of and possibility of deep fakes, you have an audience that just doesn't believe anything.


If it's a true video, they say, I think it was a deep fake. If it's a deep fake, they can say I think it was a true video. I also think something that happens that makes it easier to become a conspiracy theorist is that it's just easier to forget what people said last week. I remember getting, I, you, you get so upset about something you see online, someone has a terrible opinion, you get so upset about it. And then if you like make a calendar event for like one month in the future and you're like, what were you so upset about one month ago? It's so hard to remember what that one thing was. Yeah. In a world like that where there's so little accountability and where our memories are all like goldfish, it actually, it's weirdly rational for people who only care about getting attention to throw around conspiracy theories all the time because no one can remember all the times that they were wrong.


They just can maybe remember the one time they were right. So I feel like all of the incentives and all the technology is pointing toward a political media environment that's going to be more conspiratorial with every passing year. It's actually very difficult for me to think of a really compelling reason why conspiracy theories would crest, right. Why, why, why the apex, the peak would be in our near future. I think conspiracy theories are very likely to have a really, really long runway, especially as AI slop takes over so much of the internet. So this, so maybe I should have tweaked my theory too. This is gonna be the pre ai nadir of conspiracy culture.


Conspiracy culture. But now we're gonna move into this whole new world. Especially as, you know, people are gonna be able to, I I noticed this this week actually where somebody had it was because I went to the conspiracy 'cause I was like, I wonder what these people are talking about. And somebody had Biden his audio and they were like, it's a 92% chance this isn't the audio. And I was like, wait, we AI can do that already. They can determine, you know, that that basically an AI shit detector for what's real and not. So if we have that combined with like people being taking liberties to do crazy shit. Yeah. It's, it's, it's gonna, something will happen over the next four months with AI that threatens to swing the election or it's gonna have to be like this national awakening of like, hey, this didn't actually happen, this thing that was in your Twitter feed and your Reddit and Snapchat, everything else, this, this didn't exist, this was made up, this was created and that's probably gonna happen in the next three weeks.


Right? Yeah. Conspiracy theories are the best stories. You and so often on the internet, the best story wins. And so this is one reason why I am absolutely. I'm I'm an optimist in so many different ways about America or the world. I'm such a pessimist when it comes to most things that involve truth and media. Yeah. I just think that the, the internet by rewarding negativity and a rewarding high arousal stories and rewarding just the most dramatic story you can possibly give to a set of events. All of these things are just absolute catnip for conspiracy theorists. So I I think you're absolutely right. I I think it's a, I think it's a fascinating prediction and you know, I, I wonder, I wonder Maybe it, it gives me an idea like Maybe it should talk to someone in the space of, of social media about whether or not there's any way to really fight that against stuff.


Is There vetting process? Yeah. Yeah. Because I would expect that, you know, you, you're gonna have this race in the AI front between the ability to create AI and the ability to test ai, right? And then we can create a little bit more sophisticated AI and then maybe AI testing gets a little bit better. The bullshit, the bullshit detecting. But that's a race that's gonna go on for a long while. There's no way to invent tomorrow an AI bullshit detector that can detect AI bullshit that's invented two years later. It's gonna be a race that continues. It's a bittersweet time for conspiracy Bill. I gotta be honest, once upon a time conspiracies were fun where we just had like, Hey, did David Stern freeze the envelope or not?


Did Michael Jordan get suspended for gambling or did he not? You know, and we had did, did David Stern pull the sonics outta Seattle and put them in Oklahoma City because he then wanted to threaten all the other teams to build arenas so they could lose their team. Next, did Roger Goodell keep la free of NFL teams? 'cause he wanted them to basically be the extortion city for all the other teams to build arenas. Like that stuff was fun. It felt like nine 11, which was, you know, one of the, probably the most horrible event of my lifetime for so many different reasons. But then also the conspiracy culture that came out of it where people are like, no, the, the planes actually didn't hit the buildings, the planes were exploded before.


Like, and it was just like, wow, what are, this is insane. What are we doing? And then everything leads to Sandy Hook, which was, that was, that was the darkest moment of all this. And I thought it would get better and maybe people are like, yo, like, but it's not, it went the other way. And you could feel it with the, with the Trump assassination. Because one of the best things that's about conspiracy stuff, if you like it, is sometimes there's pieces of things where you go, yeah, that is a little weird. And you could see it with the Trump near assassination. It's like, well why was that guy in the building for 25 minutes? Why was he flying a drone around two hours before? Why didn't they have that part of the, of the thing secured when it was close enough that anybody who is a decent shot probably and, and so I get it, but I just feel like this is where we're heading now.


Everything is questioned, nothing seems real. What are we doing? I think maybe an important skill for the future as an audience member, as a reader, as a watcher, is having good taste in conspiracy theories. Because if every day you're waking up to this like infinite buffet of conspiracy theories about the world, whether it's Trump, the Celtics, it's important to have good taste. What kind of conspiracy theories are more likely to be true? Yeah. And I'll give you my like top principle for conspiracy theories because I'm not a very conspiratorial person, even though I enjoy listening to conspiracy bill. I think groups are very bad at keeping secrets. But individuals can be very good at keeping secrets because there's no one for that secret to be shared with.


So I tend to believe conspiracy theories that involve one person and disbelief, conspiracy theories that involve hundreds of people. So when there's a conspiracy theory about nine 11 that the entire US government or the whole Bush administration was in on this thing, I think you're telling me a hundred to a thousand people are behind a conspiracy to bomb the largest building in New York and none of them have slipped the secret to anybody, right? That's not human nature. People talk, they share secrets, but if it's just one person, if it's just a, if it's just a lone gunman, right? Or it's just David Stern and it's, it's basically him and whoever else can freeze the envelope, right? It's a secret share between two people.


The fewer number of people that are in the conspiracy, the more likely I am to at least give some time to that conspiracy. Well, I wrote about this in my basketball book, this thing that I know happened, because it, I, it literally happened to me. I was, before I became a, you know, a columnist that any person would recognize, I'm sitting at a Celtics Sixers game and sitting behind me is this guy Pat Croci, who used to run the Sixers for a couple years. And it was right after Iversson that year when he released the music album, and it had like bad lyrics in it, and Stern was fucking pissed. And he's telling the story to the person next to him. Stern called Iverson in, and he is like, this fucking happens again.


I'm gonna suspend you for a year. Like, I fucking suspended Jordan. And like threatened him with that. And I was just sitting in front like, whoa. It was One of, And I had already thought the Jordan thing was fishy. So did Stern say that to Iverson? Because it was just a way to threaten him. Did he actually suspend Jordan? And it just like reinforced. But those were the fun days of conspirator. Like, now, if that had happened to me in 2024, I'm immediately on some Reddit board, right? I was sitting, sitting in front of. So, I don't know, it's just, it was, it was sweeter more innocent time. And now we've lost our minds. But, you know, the best conspiracies are always like, yeah, that is a little weird.


And the JFK one's the best one of all of 'em, because they didn't realize all the stuff was coming. They didn't realize the internet was coming. They didn't realize like the, the fascination with this stuff. And they just felt like they could get away with it. You even go to the autopsy. There's so many indications that something truly sinister happened. That, that that's the only one. When you mention like how hundreds of people needed to pull it off, that's the only one where it really feels like something happened, right? I'll, I'll say that, that might be the only exception to my rule. We did a podcast episode on this too, where I talked to some guy who Host a podcast about conspiracy theories, stuff that I want you to know. And we talked about the Kennedy assassination, and I think I revealed there that I am, I'm basically an anti conspiratorial person.


My, my taste is to disbelieve every conspiracy theory that involves yeah, within two people. Except for JFK, I'm not entirely sure. I believe the official story on JFK, there's just too many way, little details Way. Even if you, that are a little weird, even if you see a video when, when the shots happen, they're all pointing to one part, right? They're pointing like the grassy knoll. And it reminded me they're, they're in the, the nearest assassination of Trump. The shots happen and they're all looking at the same spot. 'cause they know where the shots are coming from. And I'm like, that's our belated more proof on the JFK thing. That Anyway, all right, we're gonna take a break and then we'll do tech.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA. Michelob ULTRA good for many things. Camping, barbecues, cheering on your favorite team, hanging out on a nice summer night, which I just did actually on Friday night. Just sitting outside just having a beer. And guess what? Michelob ULTRA, because they sent me a bunch of Michelob ULTRA and it's really good. And there were only a couple left and I was mad. 'cause every time we put it in the fridge, somebody drinks it, but it was delicious. Be sure to stock up for the summer. Enjoy Michelob, ULTRA Superior Light Beer. Order a pack of Michelob ULTRA today. Have it delivered through doordash.com, LDA 21. And up


this episode is brought to you by Amazon Business. We all need more hours in the day, right? Well, Amazon Business gets it. They've got super smart business buying solutions that make the admin stuff a breeze. That means you can spend less time at buried in paperwork and more time growing your business. That's pretty smart. Head over to amazon business.com and see what smart business buying is all about.


Alright, coming back Future of Everything, you wanna do tech, which ties into the conspiracy stuff. I, I guess so. Go. It ties more into ai, which again, tied into conspiracy. So I, I don't think this is a flip flop necessarily. I think artificial intelligence and generative AI is really fascinating. I also think it's way, way too soon to call the AI boom a bubble. But I think at some point in the next six months, people, if they're gonna be opening up the newspaper, they're gonna be opening up the front page, whatever news site they rely on Maybe, you know, Twitter, Instagram, and the phrase AI bubble is gonna be all over the news because the big tech companies are spending so, so much on chips, GPUs, and so much on data centers. The infrastructure that spending is running way ahead of revenue.


So a couple data points. One, the information reports that OpenAI is projected to lose $5 billion this year. Meta and Google are spending tens of billions of dollars on AI infrastructure. That's both the chips and the data centers. And if you listen to what the CEOs are saying, they are practically telegraphing that they are spending quote too much on AI for the time being. Here's sunder Phai, the CEO of of alphabet quote. One way to think about it is, when you go through a curve like this, the risk of under investing is dramatically greater than the risk of Overinvesting End quote Mark Zuckerberg quote, I'd much rather overinvest in AI and pay for that outcome than save money by developing more slowly.


End quote. What these guys are saying is, Hey, investors, don't punish us for spending too much money on ai. Please don't punish us. We are trying to spend too much. We are trying to overinvest overinvesting AI is good for technology, it's good for, you know, pulling the future forward. So I think we are in the early innings of something that will reveal itself to be a kind of AI bubble. It doesn't mean that AI is a joke, it doesn't mean that generative AI can't do stuff. I think it's more like, you know, if crypto was money in search of a use case, people are gonna say in the next few months that AI is like a use case in search of money.


It, we don't have a business model yet that we can match to the promise of artificial intelligence. And as a result, I think we're going to be talking a lot more about the potential bubble of ai, the bubble of AI spending. And that's gonna have some really interesting implications for the big tech giants, Nvidia and Meta and Amazon OpenAI, Microsoft. And it could also have really big implications for the stock market as well, because really in the last few months, the stock market has basically depended on these big AI spending companies in order to move forward. What happens when all those companies draw back? We, we might be beginning to see the answer to that question.


So on a scale of one to NFT, how high, how, how high is the concern level? So again, I wanna distinguish between NFTs, which I was sort of academically interested in, but I kind of thought were a joke that wouldn't do anything and would entirely crash and burn ai, which is what happened, which I, which I think is, you know, a semi no, what happened way of describing what happened. Whereas with ai, I think it's more like when you think about the NASDAQ bubble of the late nineties, early two thousands, the Nasdaq declined by at some point, like 60, 70, 80%, maybe more in the early two thousands in the.com bubble.


Yeah. That didn't mean that.com was a bubble. The internet ate the world, software ate the world. All of these ideas like, you know, pets.com, you know, I rely on delivery of everything involving my dog, whether it's the food or the toys. Yeah, I, I get all of that stuff from, you know, Amazon and, and, and other, you know, pet delivery services. So it's not as if these ideas were NFT like failures rather in a way they were ahead of their time and you needed a bubble and a crash before you had an infrastructure built to really grow the market. I think it's much more likely that something like that is what we see.


I'm not predicting anything like the.com crash, by the way, which entirely wiped out the nasdaq. I think it's more that we've seen this enormous swarm of enthusiasm into artificial intelligence that there's going to be a significant correction between right now, I think it's already happening now and the next 12 months. And then the real ai boom, like the real software boom between say 2007 and 2020 is going to come in the next few years. Everything you laid out before you said that last part reminded me of that early two thousands internet thing. 'cause I was, I was there for that and it was exactly the same where it was clearly this life-changing thing is coming.


All these big companies are spending a bunch of money trying to get in there and it's a cart before the horse classic, you know? But yeah, the pets.com is the perfect analogy. It was a great idea. It just, the world and the internet wasn't ready for the idea yet, but the idea was the right idea. I remember when I had my old, my old sports guy column before I went to ESPN and I was writing for Digital City Boston, right? And it was a OL had all these digital cities and they were like, we're gonna be the first digital news place. And it, and needs to say it didn't work. It was a good idea. It just, the internet wasn't ready.


You had to go through a OL but like fundamentally you think like, what is Apple News right now? Apple News is probably like 20 years, 25 years later, whatever the digital cities were trying to do, it was, they were just trying to get people to come in through the door and read news that was either localized or customized. They just didn't know how to do it yet. And I would say there's kind of three phases of the internet, at least for content. The mid two thousands was when it was people like my dad knew how to find my column and you know, people like my stepmother So, it was like, by around 2004, the internet wa wasn't didn't feel like, hey, what's that? I would tell people I wrote on a digital sports column and they'd be like, how do I get that?


You know, it's like a lot of that by oh four. Everyone was like, yeah, I know what espn.com is. And, and you could just feel something shift. And then the second shift was that kind of oh six to 2010 with video, right? Where YouTube comes in, it's still not perfect, but it's getting better. But I remember we tried to do Main Street that, that Kenny Maine comedy show. We tried to do that on video on esp.com. We tried to do the Grantland 30 for 30 shorts in 2012 when we relaunched 30 for 30 after they tried to kill it for two years, we relaunched it and we were doing videos and the video players still didn't totally work. And this is ESPN, we have the most money out of anyone.


We have the best infrastructure out of anyone. And the videos would stall and stop, right? So that, oh, six to 12 is like another weird era. And then when the videos finally get going and 13 and on, so you think like there's four, five eras. So what are the four or five errors of AI look like to you? Or is it too early to predict? I think it's probably truly early to predict, but I'll, I'll, I'll give it a shot. I think right now, you know, when I, I've talked to people at Microsoft about what I, what we should expect in terms of the next five years of ai. And I think what they're interested in, or at least what they'll tell me is that right now, you know, AI feels like kind of an individual technology rather than a technology that like makes an entire company more productive. Yeah. I, I wrote a piece a a year, maybe a year and a half ago where I said, I think the headline was AI is a Waste of Time, right?


And what I meant by that wasn't that it, it was an entirely a waste, but that the most interesting use cases were basically games that, like when I was playing around with Midjourney or I was playing around with chat GBTI wasn't working, I was making funny things that I could put on Twitter and then maybe get retweets for That's that, that's leisure time. That's not work. So I think what we need to see is that these, the capabilities of AI actually make companies more productive at scale rather than just being incredibly neat things that pass the lsat. Because right now they're just sort of incredibly neat things that pass the LSAT that's going to change. I, I mean, and certainly what's happening in drug discovery is really, really interesting and complicated and I wanna do a lot of shows about that.


Yeah. But I think the implications could be, could be vast and it's probably difficult even right now to to, to really guess which failed business models are going to be the business model of like 10 years from now. I was just, you know, looking up the fact that, remember Webvan, so Webvan was one of these online companies that failed in 2001 declared bankruptcy in 2001. They had a business model of online grocery delivery. So if you were a smart guy in 2001 looking at the bankruptcy of Webvan, you'd say, well, this thing of online grocery delivery obviously doesn't work. No one's gonna get their groceries delivered online right in the future. I mean, how does that, how, how you gonna keep it cold number one now online grocery delivery is a massive tens of billions of dollar business.


You know, it's a huge part of, of Whole Foods bottom line. So I think a lot of things in the world of AI that might even look like abject obvious failures today are going to be big business models in the future. I just think the entire industry might go through a bit of a.com bust phase, hopefully a small version of that, but a bit of a bust phase before we actually reach that promised land. I like it more than most people. I think some people are a little scared and freaked out by it, but I just, I look at it from like try to do glass half full. We've talked in the past about like in a year from now, can somebody take my voice and do this podcast, take your voice and my voice, and now somebody in Germany gets to listen to us or somebody in China, right?


Could we put it in Portuguese and it, and is that threatening? And to me it's like, that doesn't sound threatening at all. Like it like I think if the more listeners we could have for something that we care about, that sounds good to me, where it gets dangerous is the, the, I really worry about the cre creative side, like the script writing and the things like that that, you know, that just AI being able to pump out premises, which Hollywood is already so freaking robotic with how they think about almost everything. I really worry about the, that side of it. I guess my question there would be, I mean it's, it's possible that AI is really freaky for Hollywood creatives, but what would be so scary about using chat GPT to spit out premises?


So let's say for example, you are a, you are a writer in a room on a CBS procedural, right? Yeah. An NCIS procedural and you give cha EPT the last 75 episodes of your show, right? The, the description you might find on like IMDB or Wikipedia, right? Just a really simple plot summary of each of these episodes. You say come up with 30 more ideas. I mean, number one, how different does that work really than just going to a whiteboard and filling out 30 ideas with a room full of people? Like fundamentally both the humans and the AI are just taking what you've done in the past and iterating on it to create future ideas. And second, someone has to write that screenplay, right?


Writers ultimately are gonna be paid based on the dialogue. I guess the thing that would scare me is cementing the sameness of stuff I think is scares me. 'cause you can already feel it in movies and tv just in general. There's the sameness to a lot of the stuff and a safeness that I just think is concerning. I find myself more bored by the new, well, I don't wanna step on the culture thing. I was gonna say, it sounds like your culture Future of Everything. Yeah, I had a thing in this. All right, I'm gonna do mine. I really thought you might have this one, but I I, I, what you did I think was, was better than mine. But mine's good.


So, you know, my kids, my kids are old enough where we let them uber around and you kind of have to, especially where we live. And a couple months ago my son signed up for Waymo, Didn't tell us, and there was some sort of waiting list and for some reason he got picked and it's was cheaper than Uber. And he didn't, didn't tell us, didn't clear it with us. But he is like, oh, I got the Waymo list. I'm like, what the fuck is that? A week later I'm, I'm in traffic and I'm at a stoplight and I look over and there's a white car and nobody's driving it. It's completely empty in the front.


And I'm like, what the fuck is going on? And I look and there's somebody in the back on their phone and I look and it says Waymo. So I come home and I say to my son, like, this Waymo thi this is driverless. Like, I thought it was like an Uber competitor and he's been taking it for the last two months and he loves it because there's no driver and he's just in the back, he's on FaceTime, he is talking to his friends. He doesn't have to worry about people listening. He just kind of, kind of likes it. And I've noticed, 'cause obviously I, I do a lot of walking around very weird parts of la but I've just noticed more and more Waymo's and then what Tesla has the robo taxii and it feels like something's happening.


And I get, I have two questions. One, how many Americans are gonna get over the hump of like, I'm climbing to a car and there's no driver, right? My son is already way over the hump. He loves it. He puts his seatbelt on, he says he is never even had one concern, whatever. The second thing is, what does this do to the workforce? Potentially all these people that have gotten jobs on Uber and Lyft and wherever else, do they just get replaced by non-human beings? And then the third question for me is, 'cause Uber's involved in Waymo and they have some sort of partnership, does this somehow make Uber stronger? What? Like, what do, what do the next five years look like?


This is a company that we thought was one of the most powerful companies of the last 15 years, is this the next iteration? And now they're basically removing humans and they have these self-driving cars and they're removing all the variables that could happen with, you know, some sort of crime that happens with a driver or people flaking or whatever. And now they're just out of, out of humans just transporting humans around what happens. Well, the first thing I wanna say in response to this is that I, I love this as an observation because I've been so interested in the self-driving revolution for a long time. I was lucky enough to ride in a Waymo back in 2015, I think when I wrote a, a cover story for the Atlantic on Google X, which is the research and development technology division of Alphabets, which spun out self-driving technology spun out Waymo.


Yeah, I've been in these cars. They're fascinating. They're fun. This is a great example of how technology works because I remember in like 20 15, 20 16, people were saying, self-driving cars is gonna take over the road in three, four years. And it didn't happen. And everyone laughed. It Seemed insane. We were like laughed. That's never happening. I'm never getting one of those. This Is ridiculous. Everyone pre it's 2021 now everyone predicted that we would be driving around in self-driving cars, they're nowhere to be seen. Tech was wrong. And then you fast forward three months and slowly but surely these cars are becoming more common on the roads. They're in DC they're in Los Angeles, they're, they're certainly in Phoenix where I think the first pilot was, they're in San Francisco. I think it remains to be seen how big a deal.


This is big for Uber's bottom line. But I remember when I was reporting on this a decade ago, driving is the most common occupation among American men. And so if this technology took off the disruption potential for American male employment would be really, really interesting to look at. I'm not trying to make some dystopian prediction here. Yeah. But the possibility of disruption there is huge. So I think we are in, it's weird because it's, it's not really an early inning in self-driving cars. This, we've been hearing about this now for over a decade.


But it is so interesting that all eyes were on this technology when people predicted that it was the future. And now that it's actually here and people like your son are riding around in them, they're weirdly under the radar. So it's, it's just weird some times when technology stories work out like that. Yeah. And I wonder like there's so many variables to this that could go bad, right? Like what if two people climb in a Waymo and they just start filming like a porn video? What if, what if somebody just attacks the cameras or try, you know, like I'm sure there's some stuff to figure out, but I haven't heard anecdotally of any super bad thing. But I, the thing that's the most fascinating to me is what you just said. We heard about this forever, right?


It was like when I was a kid, and I don't know if it was 'cause the Jetsons was still like the residue of the Jetsons, but like someday there's gonna be flying cars. And when I was a kid I just assumed someday cars would fly. That's where we're headed, right? Which now seems insane in 2024. But a lot of the movies from back then, you would see cars like the sci-fi movies, cars zipping around and it's like, wow, we're headed there someday. And now the self-driving cars is the last 10 years where they're like, these are coming. And I'm like, all right, yeah, that's like the flying cars, but now they're actually here. So I'm like, well we have flying cars someday. Is that now in play? Like I, like to me the ceiling is now off. Well if you wanna know if flying cars are finally here on May 7th, we did an interview with Gideon Lewis Cross about the future of flying cars.


Right. And what I thought was the most interesting part of that interview is that he made the point that the Jetsons didn't really use flying cars to do anything that interesting. George Jetson just flew to work. Yeah. And if you think what's a technology that we use in order to be at our house and then instantaneously be at work that exists, it's called the laptop, it's called remote work. Like the laptop essentially does for a podcaster exactly what the flying car did for George Jetson. It's just a means of taking a person instantaneously from house to work. But, but back to self-driving cars.


Look, I I, I think over the next decade as this technology really proliferates, we're gonna get a lot more stories about the anxiety of its potential to displace male drivers that especially will come down the pike when, so to speak, when we have self-driving trucks. Because it's really not just in taxi services, but also in trucking where you have wow, full-time employees that are yeah, dedicated to to, to driving all day long and all week long. So that's a really interesting place to look, especially when you think about, you know, the, the, the economic impact, right? What happens when the driver of your truck fleet never has to sleep, never has to eat. You simply press start and the person starts driving from San Francisco to Boston.


So there's a lot of really interesting implications in a world where self-driving technology really begins to take off. And right now it seems mostly to be a bit of a peripheral player in the zone of taxis. I'll tell you what, one thing is gonna happen that is gonna be interesting is the first horror movie about a Waymo. Yeah. The self-driving car you can't get out of. There's definitely that's probably coming in the next year. Yeah. I I can't believe the day is here. I gotta be honest. I was Are you gonna do it? Do you wanna do it? Yeah, Probably my son's done like probably 15, 20 at this point.


And they are, they are cheaper. Like there is no, like you, they're probably like, I don't know, 10. It's like a, normally like a $35 Eur now it's like a $22 Eur, but he's about to get his driver's license. So I think, I don't know how much Waymo's gonna be in his future, but yeah, I I'm not against it. All right, we're gonna take another break. And then we got sports and culture.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. If you're hiring during the summer season, it's important to find the right people for the right role, especially if you want your business to thrive. Like with baseball, if you wanna win, you need a pitcher who can clean up. you need batters with a 250 average or higher at least who can get on base outfielders with good field averages like Aaron Judge to find the right players. you need LinkedIn jobs, they have the tools you need to find qualified candidates faster and for free. It's more than just a job board with access to professionals you can't find anywhere else, even those who aren't actively seeking a new job. In fact, here's an important stat you wanna pay attention to. 70% of LinkedIn users don't visit other leading job sites. So if you're not looking on LinkedIn, you are looking in the wrong place. Especially if you're a small business. LinkedIn knows you guys wear a lot of hats, keep things running. I was a small business once upon a time you might not have the time or resources to hire. That's why they make things simple. Helping 86% of small businesses find candidates within 24 hours. So go hire the right professionals for your team. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


Alright, we have two verticals left. Where do you wanna go? Let's do culture. Yeah, I, I wonder if we have the same thing on culture, but I'll tell you this, I, I just finished Presumed innocent, loved it. It did as Well. Thought it was at least two episodes too long. There was padding in the middle that didn't forward the story at all. It was just like, you know, mini series television shows shouldn't be six to eight episodes these days. We're just gonna have two episodes that don't really move the characters of the plot forward at all to get us to eight. It's a fake heart attack. Oh no, he's fine. Two episode Passed. He's better than ever. Yeah. And that made me think is everything too long?


Presumed innocent was too long. Dark matter on Apple. Also absolutely too long. The bear, everyone's complaining that this season wasn't even necessary too long. True Detective Night Country, Lord of Mercy, definitely too long The curse brilliant, frankly could have been 25% shorter, at least fall. The House of Usher Mike Flanagan, absolute genius. That show was too long. Almost all of his shows are at least one episode too long. We're in a situation right now with television where there is no reason why anything should be a certain length, right? It's not linear TV where everything has to be half an hour or an hour. We don't have any like commercial obligations to fill. Everything can just be as long as it needs to be. And yet literally everything is too long.


I think there's a few things happening here. I think the fact that subscription culture is taking over from ticket culture means that these networks assume that the longer something is, the more you are stuck to that service. Which means that unlike a ticket, right, where a movie that's four hours long costs, the exact same as a movie that's 90 minutes long. Instead, now that it's subscription culture, they really want people to stick around the service longer and longer and longer. So everything is longer, more content now means fewer editors per content. There's less high touch on particular shows from particular movies that go straight to streaming. And as a result, I think there's just like a lot of padding and things just sort of billow and billow.


And it made me think that like there's actually a bigger theme here than everything being too long. It's also that nobody knows when anything should stop. Like this isn't just Netflix, this is Joe Biden. Joe Biden didn't know when his presidency should stop. The Marvel comic universe doesn't know when it should stop. Literally every single prestige TV show is too long. Literally every single one boomers are holding onto power across industry. You know, the mics or the, the, the Bobs that Disney don't know when to retire. That is my Future of Everything extremely broad theme of the moment. Everything Is sports owners, you left out sports owners, sports Owner, nobody knows when anything should stop. Everything is too long.


I like it. You left out one key part for the scripted and for documentaries and obviously I have some firsthand experience with this one. Just wa watching the market and being in it, you make more money if it's more parts. And that has fundamentally changed the quality of documentaries because if people can make an eight part something or a nine part something when it should be six parts, they don't care because you just get paid more. 'cause it's more content. And that, and that changed, I would say five, six years ago and has completely upended all this stuff. You just get, if you're doing eight episodes of presumed innocent, you get more money than if you did six.


And that's it. It's, I I, I hate to be cynical about it, but I think that's 90% of it. And it's one of the things like with, especially in the documentary front, like I, I'm involved in two big projects right now and one of the things that I'm passionate about is just like, I want them to be the right length. They're both multipart, but it's like I, I want all the parts to make sense and not be like, oh we, we added two extra episodes. 'cause I don't know it, that, that gets really dangerous when you start doing that. So the Presumed Innocent is a good example. It should have been a six episode show and the episodes were like 45 minutes of pop, right? So they move fast. But ultimately 45 minutes of pop, 90 minutes, six episodes we're at two 70, which is a four and a half hour movie.


It's probably what it should have been. Everything else is padding. I still liked it, it ties into the culture thing I wanted to do. But from the, from a staying around too long standpoint, this seems to be something that the super rich people, the mo, the number one thing they're the most interested in this would've been a good one for the tech thing. Rich people, all they care about is longevity because they're really thinking about themselves. How do I stay operating at the best possible level when I'm in my seventies, eighties, maybe even my nineties, which means I get to keep making money and I get to stay in power.


So if you think about a lot of the science and a lot of the stuff people are funding and they're interested in who have money, well it makes sense. It's like they wanna be involved in this stuff that might actually keep them in power longer, right? So we also have, people can operate at a high level of success at a later age, probably more than any other time in history, right? Like you think, like when I was a kid, like Wilfred Brimley was 46, he seemed like he was a hundred. Now people take care of themselves. There's different things you can do to kind of stay a little sharper. you can take care of your, there's more awareness of when something's wrong with you.


So to me, the Biden trying to hang on forever like that. I just think that's where we're going. Don't you like I don't think this is a fad. No, I think it's absolutely where we're going and you know, being, by the way, Ruth, Ruth fairer Ginsburg's another one, like absolutely she, they had to like basically pull her out the last minute and she actually really hurt the country that she stayed so long And she specifically hurt her own cause, you know, no question I I I like the way that Ezra Klein put it, which is that there's no decision that she wrote that was more important than the decision that she made to stay in power and then die under a Republican president. That she could be replaced by someone significantly to her.


Right? That is a huge part of her legacy. I mean, I I'm being a little bit flipped by saying that, you know, the the over longness of, you know, apple TV shows is, is similar to, related to No, but I add to politics. But I do actually think that an important, an important thing here is that an's it's been lost on people and maybe specifically on the boomer generation that is amassed so much power in this country that a really important part of leadership is understanding when to stop being a leader. Succession is a critical part of leadership. Yeah, that's true for Biden picking a vice president who he actually likes as opposed to a vice president who he spent fighting internally for three and a half years.


It's true for Bob Iger at Disney picking a successor that you actually trust enough to stay in power for three years. It's a really important part of cementing your legacy. It's re it's, it's incredibly important if you're the leader of a company to understand that a huge part of your leadership is your legacy. And your legacy is contingent on the people who come after you and the talent that you help to build that can carry your legacy forward in the future when you're no longer there. And so, I, I think it's hard. I don't think it's, it's easier to talk about than it is to do. But this is a really important aspect of the, nobody knows when anything should stop theme of culture. I think Agar is the best example of this.


And I like him. He, I've done a podcast with him, but he played it perfectly and he got out at the right time and he probably got out a tiny bit too early rather than a tiny bit too late. And what happened, he, he kind of groomed the wrong people or people that obviously, and I don't know how much he undermined them when they were in the seat. There's been a lot written about that, but ultimately just kind of missed being in the mix of stuff. And eventually now he comes back and I think it did hurt his legacy because part of your, like what you said, part of your legacy, this is David cern, however you feel about the last like six, seven years of when he ran the NBA, the best thing he did was put Adam in a position to succeed when Adam Silver took over.


Right. And maybe Adam should have taken over two years, three years earlier than he did. I remember. So my dad was a superintendent for a long time and he, he retired when he was 60, I think he was 60 or 62. And, and we talked about it and I was like, I feel like you still have your fastball. Like I don't, I don't know why you're doing it. And this is what he said was what you're talking about. He is like, I'd rather leave a year and a half, two years early than a year too late. And I ha I can set this up. The next person's coming in, everything's in good shape right now.


It's, I this seems like the right time to leave now. And I don't think a lot of people think that way because I didn't get it in the moment. I was like, you could still do this. Why wouldn't, but I guess the, the big question is how do you know, right? Sometimes the person's the last one to know like, how's Robert Kraft gonna know? Maybe I should pass the Patriots off. Part of what makes you great at what you do is like you have this insatiable appetite to succeed and be good and beat other people. And how do you just be like, all right, now I'm good. I mean this is basically what succession was about, right? This was Logan Roy. So yeah, I specifically on the issue of work and you know, people, you know, staying in, in, in their jobs forever and ever. It, it relates I think very much to a piece that I wrote a few years ago about an idea called work, which is a, a theory that in an age of declining religiosity work does for many people that which organize religion used to do it provides meaning, it provides a schedule, it gives rituals, it provides a possibility of transcendence and self-actualization.


And in a world where work is for many people their religion, why would you stop? People don't stop believing in God when they're 75, why would you stop working? Right? And now that work is much more physically easy, it's much less physically demanding than it used to be. You know, this isn't the 1870s. We're not working on, you know, Moby dick ships and like, you know, hunting sperm whales and cracking open their skulls to, you know, get their bladder to light our lamps. We have physically easy jobs. We sit in chairs and we tap on keyboards. And in a world where that's work, why not do it until 75? Why not do it until 85? But it creates this dilemma, which is, is the company I work for is the institution I represent are the people who are under me better served with me, clacking away at 87 or with me having a succession plan.


And I think this is gonna be a really, really interesting dynamic because there's no way that Joe Biden poor Bob Iger, I like Bob Iger too. So, but that pe there's no way that Joe Biden, let's say there is going to be the last really significant succession story of our times. We just saw front page Rupert Murdoch's trying to change his irrevocable trust didn't even realize he could do that. Yeah. He was trying to change his irrevocable trust. This question of how is the historically wealthy boomer generation working in white collar jobs that are not physically demanding, going to actually finally pass the torch to Gen X and Gen Z. It just goes right back to this question. Do people know how to end things?


Yeah, the problem with Biden was that was a failure of the people around him because he was clearly declining a little bit in some way. And that's when you know you like somebody, like your wife has to be like, yo, but I think everybody around him had vested interests, whether it's staff, family to kind of keep him in the mix. But all he had to do is compare the clips and you know, it landed on the right place. I think it gets a little dicier when you talk about owners, which is like, just in sports, like what we've seen or people that run these, you know, multi multi-billion media companies like Murdoch. They just, what are they gonna do?


I, I remember talking to a family member recently about this who is still working and, and you know, is in early eighties at this point. And he was saying to me, well I still get energy from this. Like, I look around a lot of people around me, they retire and then they die. Like they play golf for a couple years, then they're done. And I don't want to be like that. Like the people that are still around are the people that still have something to get up every day and they're like, ah, that's interesting. I dunno if there's a right answer or wrong answer, but I do feel like this is gonna get worse because of what all this longevity stuff that everybody's working on and all these, the the science of basically staying alive longer but also being competent longer, it's gonna make it worse.


My culture point is tied to presumed innocent as well. A show that I really liked, which I didn't love. And then I really liked the last two episodes and I thought they landed the plane. I don't wanna spoil it, but I thought they did a good job. As somebody who read the book and saw the movie. A lot of people in my life anecdotally watched this show and enjoyed it. Which is interesting because Apple TV is not exactly like setting the world on fire. I think like it, it's getting killed by Roku and they just, in general, it's, it's one of the ones that's losing the streaming wars and they've only had a couple shows that people even kind of, and this one was a belated one where anecdotally people started telling each other, you watch a presumed innocent, it's good.


I don't think that's the reason the show succeeded and I don't think it's 'cause Jake Gyllenhaal is a famous person who was in it and it was well cast and well acted and SARS guard was tremendous. It was a simple well done show for a lot of people that was well executed and well done. And I wonder in tv, do we, do we just not have those anymore? Like presumed this and it was good. Both of us thought it was two episodes too long. We both liked watching, it's probably a b plus, but it stood out in this weird world of content we live in now where everything is niche. We're, we're in the multiverse, we're in fantasy worlds, we're in alternate universes, we're in outer space.


Like every, we're in these crazy horror films. We're, you know, si science fiction and crossed with something's wrong with the house. And did we just kinda lose the narrative? Like maybe let's just make stories about people that everybody can relate to. And, and by the way, murders, courtrooms, hospitals, police stations, like that shit's been working for 70 years, been like maybe more of that stuff. Hmm. Did we just overthink everything? One way this clicks into a thought I've had about the evolution of streaming and television is that clearly streaming has become the new Caleb bundle. Yes. And in a way is, you were talking, I was thinking it's almost like you're saying presumed innocence is doing for us, a there something very similar to what a lot of David E. Kelly shows the 1990s were doing for us.


Yeah. Really simple meat and potatoes, legal drama shows Somebody died, I wonder who did it. People have different agendas and then we get to be in a courtroom. It's like, it's not fucking rocket science. I'll say this, when I, my daughter was born about 11, 12 months ago, and for the first three months of her life when she was just sleeping terribly, just basically never sleeping. And I was up all night when I, my wife was in the other bedroom, and so I'd be in the bedroom with the baby basically reconciling to myself to not sleeping that night. What would I do? I would watch Law and Order. Yeah. Not New Law and Order. I would watch Old Law and Order from the early 1990s.


I think I probably watched every single, every single episode of the first like eight seasons of that show. And I don't know what it was doing right, but it was doing something very right at a kind of meat and potatoes level. You had to Use your brain, but you didn't totally have to use your brain. It was never trying to get across a political message. And I do think that late law and order got a little political, like we're going to enter a political debate and expose the good guys and the bad guys. It was very, it, it, it wasn't, it wasn't doing that. It was telling straightforward dramas really, really simply. And I loved it. I I just absolutely ate it up and it made me wonder like, why isn't there an effort to recapture whatever the special sauce of early law and order was?


And I I I agree at, at a sort of archetypal level that is exactly what presumed innocent. Well how about did for me? How about er like, er should just be back like, what is NBC doing? Just bring back er put more young people in a hospital in Chicago and and who cares if, oh, it's kind of like the Doug Ross character. Nobody cares. Presumed innocent. I read the book, saw the movie. Guess what, 30 years later I watched the TV show. It's fine. You know, you know what's funny about that? The, the creative tension here is 25 minutes ago, you and I were saying we can't give screenwriters access to chat GPT because all they'll do is do the same thing over and over and over again. And then 25 minutes later we reason ourselves to the position of, you know, what television could use right now, er two.


Well I think that's one of the reasons White Lotus succeeded for HBO. It's, I'm on a vacation, I'm going somewhere, some weird shit's gonna happen, right? It's like they're filming season three right now. I think it's in Thailand. It's like, guess what? The resort's gonna be great. There's gonna be some actors that recognize some weird shit's Gonna happen. Someone's dead in the first 10 minutes. Yeah, right. Yeah. It's, it's just, I like, if you look at every like three months, they'll release what succeeded the most on streaming in the shows. And it's like, guess what? The Night agent was Netflix's Netflix's biggest show. It's like, yeah, that was discount 24. I watched every episode. I really liked it.


Amazon has like Bosch and Jack Ryan and you know, that, or they'll have some rom-com where somebody has to go stop a wedding in some foreign location. It's like, yeah, some of this stuff's pretty easy, so maybe gravitate more toward that. The, the kind of easy stuff to watch. I, I don't know, I just feel like that's why presumed innocent work because there's just not a lot of shows like that right now. It's funny because how about Suits? Suits was like the biggest show on Netflix for a year. It's like, that show's not even that good. No, it's not. It's, it was my, it was my airplane show for a long time. Right. I I would only watch it when I was, you know, 35,000 feet in the air. It's, it's funny that now I, I feel like we, we've we've come entirely to the opposite end of the problem.


Where now I think what's the easiest way to possibly make er two for the 21st century? You probably just pop all the episode descriptions of er one into a chat pt. Just Keep gimme a hundred ideas for episodes. you can do the same thing with, you know, Grey's Anatomy, which I suppose is still running. But you know, this, this I think is, it, it it touches what has to be a very deep and difficult creative problem, which is how do you come up with ideas that are surprising enough to make people feel like they haven't seen them before. Yeah. But familiar enough to make people feel like when they watch them, they're going home. And this is that, you know, ineffable secret sauce of making the most popular content in the world, presumed innocent, nailed it.


Early law and order seasons actually nailed it. I I I wonder if maybe it's just easy to describe and incredibly difficult to do. Yeah. They people, they got pretty caught up with these shows where somebody's, that kind of big little lies formula became a formula. Oh, here's all these people. They, everything's going great, but there's this dark secret and then they kind of butchered those. It's like, you know, it's, you know what works. This guy had a mistress and and she's dead and he's trying to pretend he wasn't involved, but he actually was. And now we gotta figure out if he actually killed it or not. All right, let's do sports really quick. What do you got for sports? Alright, so there's a concept that I recently learned about, and I'm sorry to begin, begin this in, in academic world, but it, it'll, it'll hit sports very, very soon.


It's a concept in sociology I recently learned about called sport space. I think you might like this. It's the idea that culture only has room for three to four sports at scale at any one time. And this term comes from a book called Offsides, which is an effort, oh, that's interesting effort to explain why soccer is the world's favorite pastime. But a distant also ran in the US behind, you know, football, baseball, basketball, maybe hockey. And the thesis from this book offside was in the space between 1870 and 1920 America's sport space was filled. Baseball, football, basketball is invented, takes over. And America at the time was very interested in honing an identity that was distinct from Europe and certainly distinct from England.


And so he resisted soccer and for the first a hundred years, football and basketball and baseball crowded out the game of soccer essentially and boxing this idea and boxing. Yeah, absolutely right. Especially in the, in the early 19 hundreds, mid 19 hundreds too, which this idea they of a fixed sports space would explain why it's really hard for sports to break into mass, mass culture. Right? We don't really have a lot of earthquakes. We have a lot, some like long tectonic shifts, but not a lot of earth earthquakes. And this is my long windup to say that as big a deal as the Caitlyn Clark phenomenon is, I wonder if 15 years from now we're, it'll be clear that we're actually systematically underwriting what a big deal Kaitlyn Clark's entry in the WNBA is, like, we're treating the story as if the WNBA is having a boomlet as if this is the top.


But what if it's the beginning? So I was doing some research on the differences between the WNBA and NBA rights deal that was just signed Yeah. In the new new WNBA deal. The Women's League gets about $20 million a year. And tell me if you think if, if any of this is wrong, I, I I'm not an expert on this, I just did the research. N-B-A-W-N-B-A gets about $20 million a year. NBA deal is worth closer to $7 billion a year. That means the NBA is getting 35 times more money per year from the television networks than the WNBA 35 times more is the NBA really statistically mathematically 35 more popular than the WNBA is right now, the NCAA women's tournament beat the ncaa, the the NCAA men's tournament, although it got like 99% less money.


The typical NBA game on E-E-S-P-N-A BBC gets 1.6 million viewers in June ESPN reported. The WNBA games are averaging 1.3 million viewers, not 35 times less, like 25% less. Caitlin Clark Angel Reese games are averaging 2.3 million viewers more than the typical NBA game. What if this is one of those once in a century earthquake moments in the sports space? What if the WNBA has crashed the gates and rather than thinking, oh, this is a nice story, this is a neat story. No, actually, maybe this is such a big story that the current deals just signed will be seen as laughably incoherent in five years.


What if in a few years the WNBA is right at par if not getting more viewers per game than, than the NBA? That's not so crazy considering it's only 25% less now. And again, the gap is 30 is a factor of 35. So in terms of what they're making, so I am really interested in the possibility that as much attention as obviously is being brought to the WNBA, it's actually not nearly enough. We're in a once in a century moment in American sports. Yeah. You could feel with Caitlin. 'cause it, it, there were similarities to Tiger Woods and some other like phenomenon that just felt like this is something, this, this isn't a fad, this isn't like a short-term thing.


This is something that feels different. It's, it's tilted whatever the landscape was. So I asked people, I didn't understand why they didn't split the WNBA out of their deal. Right. And I, I think the reason, and I, I'm not reporting this and I'm not positive, but I think the reason is because the NBA basically funded the WNBA forever, right? They always shoehorned it into their deals. The league was not popular, the league was not doing well and they were basically like force feeding the networks to carry it at a, like, like it was worth more than it probably was. Right? Until you get through the mid thou, mid 2000 tens, like the league hit this point where Tesi was the best player in the league and didn't even play one season 'cause she could make more money elsewhere.


So the first 20 years they really put the time in and kept it alive and funded it and spent money on it. And to me the move should have been 'cause they could see what was happening to pull the WNBA rights out and try to sell it for as much as they could. But I feel like they were like, you know what, we spent all this money keeping this league alive and funding it since 1996, whenever it was that we're gonna shoehorn it into this deal because we want the benefits of it. And then 10, 11 years from now, if the WNBA keeps going the way we'll grow, then we'll shoehorn it out. So it's almost like this was kind of their tip on the restaurant bill for everything they did.


And I don't think they should have done it that way. I think they should have spun it out and be, everybody wants rights, everybody want, I think they could have gotten way more than whatever the number was assigned for. And it just felt greedy to me. I didn't get it When it's, the question is greedy on behalf of whom it's greedy on behalf of the NBA whose proceeds are going to the owners and the players. But it's not going to make any sense if five to 10 years from now, the WNBA has essentially the same ratings as to the NA It's lead to us, it's gonna lead to a labor strike, is what's gonna happen. That's Exactly where I was going. That's where we're heading in the next two years. No Question. If there's a world, if there's a world where KA and Clark and Angel Reese and, and, and a and Jay Wilson are all making 35 times less at, I mean, right now they're making 600 times less than NBA players players.


If they're making, like, they still making 30 times less than NBA players. Yeah. And they're getting the same TV ratings. Well, how about this? Of course they're gonna stay wish there's an alternate league. I mean, this is how the A BA started, right? The NBA players underpaid, didn't make enough money, didn't really have some basic labor stuff in their favor until they unionized in 64. But then the A BA came in 67 and guess what? All of a sudden all this shit changed and salaries went up by four times. And then in the seventies, all of a sudden, NBA players were worth three times what they used to be worth. I think the thing that I think is gonna happen is I think somebody's gonna try to form an alternate league because it's not like all of these WNB players are tied to their teams forever, right?


Mm mm So you could start a league, you'd be like, you know what? We have more money over here like that, that would seem to be the move. And I don't, I personally don't understand why the women's soccer franchises are worth, like, they just paid 250 million for the LA one and the expansion ones for the WNBA were like at 110 million. I don't understand why soccer is worth more than WNBA because the TV ratings say the opposite. The interest on social media and the interest even in, in the sports world just says the opposite. So yeah. I'm with you. So we both, we both feel like something funky is gonna happen over the next couple years 'cause of this deal.


It just, it, it doesn't, it doesn't make any sense if, if I Yeah, I'm with you. If I'm part of, if I'm part of a company and I know that I am just as successful and just as lucrative as an employee at some other company who's making 35 times more than me, yeah. Why in the world would I stick with that company? It doesn't make any sense. Of course, something is going to happen that has the potential to blow up the WNBA as the rights deal exists. And in that respect, I think, you know, to take your tip analogy, this is just incredibly shortsighted agree. I if, if you think you're essentially just saying, I'm taking the tip on all the benefits that I gave you for the last 20 years. This is your way of saying thank you.


Okay. Well, you know, Caitlyn Clark, was she alive when the Wwn BA started? She should, well, They think could put it in where it's like it's a four year, four of the 11 years and then we'll revisit the WNBA side as an out causely should have done something like that. We're aligned. I have, I'll make this quick 'cause we gotta go, I, my, my Future of Everything, I think we're in peak athlete hagiography era. Hmm. This is it. We have player pods where people just get to say whatever they want. Nobody challenges them. Nobody asks questions. They just get to be like, yeah, we would've won the title that year. Title that there's no facts brought in. We have these infomercial documentaries and the all access shows that usually somebody involved as an executive Producer or their production company is, we have these biopics about celebrities that I'm sure are coming for athletes too.


And then we have these social media clips from the pods where these things are spat out in 92nd clips where it's like, you know, Joel and Bead saying stuff like, yeah, if, if Ja Jason Tatum as a super team, if I went five for 20, you know, we'd, we'd lose every game. And nobody sitting with him could be like, but Joel, you've only played 433 games in 10 years and Jason Tatum's beaten you three times in the playoffs. How can you say that? Nobody challenges everything. And it's just, we're just in hagiography mode now and it's all, everybody's gonna have their own long documentary series that spins whatever their career is.


Even the people that weren't that successful now have these pods where they talk about themselves. Like, they were like these major amazing things. Like just the inability for anyone to challenge some of this stuff feels like we're just creating this alternate version of sports history that's just kind of happening over here. And I hope people see it. Why do you think this trend is gonna end? It's not, it's gonna get worse. Okay. I thought you said it was, it was PK geography. Yeah, I think, right. I think we are. It's, it's, this Is it. We've moved feel The is how I feel about conspiracy theories. It's, it's just going to keep happening because all of the incentives push for it. I, you know, I was watching Love Island USA with my wife and there were some accusations that flew around on this show, like on Every on, you know, reality show, dating show that some people are just in it to become influencers.


But if you think about it, athletes are in a perfect situation to become influencers. They're, they've already won the lottery of fame. Yeah. People talk about them on ES, espn, people talk about them on podcasts. They're already famous. And so if everyone sees fame as a road to becoming an influencer, then every NBA star in Gen Z and Gen Alpha, whenever whatever's coming next, are also going to see if their NBA fame buys them a ticket that they can enter into the lottery of potentially becoming a cultural influencer that you can get a bunch of extra money from. So, as I see it, there's a way in which if you were manager or an agent for some young, smart, funny, articulate athlete, 22, 23, who cares if they're famous?


Tell them to start a podcast. The worst thing that happens is that, is that you, you stop recording the best that happens Yeah. Is that you become famous. So I think everything is pushing towards this. I I, I think that you're gonna see more. And it's funny to think that in the 1980s, I think closer than you have probably had this conversation many times, but in the 1970s, 1980s, selling out was considered a bad thing. Today it's entirely flipped. Selling out is a good thing. You know, making a merchandising yourself, making a brand of yourself is just what everybody does. So this world of, if you're a sports star, you can also be an influencer. This is, this is just the start. Well, we had in the forties and fifties they would've autobiographies. And then in the fifties and sixties and seventies, like Sports Illustrated Sport Magazine, some of these places, they would write these first person essays.


Right? And you, and they were always Will Chamberlain had some great ones. I remember when I was researching my book, will Chamberlain, he basically created what the Player Podcast are now was like, I should have eight titles and my teammates let me down. He would just say crazy shit. And it was like, nobody checking him 'cause it was his first person essay. But in the, in probably mid seventies on through the nineties, we, there was, there was a balance to all this stuff. And that balance has now gone. And the reason I mentioned this is like, think about how crazy it is to produce documentaries about yourself, right? Like, we don't, we wouldn't blink if it's an autobiography. It's like, I wrote this autobiography, you're reading it and you're like, all right, I'm gonna take this with a grain of salt.


It's an autobiography. But now people are producing documentaries about themselves and there's no grain of salt. And you really saw this with the Patriots one. It's like, here's the history of the Patriots. It's our story. And it's like, nah, this is Bob Kraft's version of the story. This isn't a documentary that's balanced and does all these different things. Like can you imagine like, if, if you're like, Hey, I have an announcement to make, I'm doing a four part documentary about myself. It's produced by my new company, Derek Thompson Productions, and it's a four part documentary about the impact that I've had on journalism. People would be like, what the fuck is going on?


You're producing it yourself. That's insane. But that's where we've landed with sports and culture. That's where we've landed with these biopics about Bob Marley, Elton John, all like, it's like, what are we doing? None of this stuff has any sort of real merit. I, I don't know. I just, I hate all of it. I'm not sure I like it either. I do think it's interesting to think about self-produced documentaries as really just being the 21st century version of autobiographies. I'd never quite thought about about that. It's, but we don't really have a moral issue with people reading autobiographies and yet we do. No, I think, I think you're right. There is, there does feel something icky about a self-produced documentary about yourself, but maybe there is, well You're seeing all these all access shows that are gonna happen.


Like there's 17 camera crews following all the Olympic teams. It's like, are we really gonna get the authentic, like what happens if Joe l mb gets benched right in the last two games of the Olympics? Are we gonna be covering that and our all access on the u s a? no. Yeah. So I just hope people understand the difference between content where somebody can at least, you know, they, there, there might be a tiny bit of journalism there or stuff that's just all access infomercial stuff, which is where we're heading with basically everything. Yeah, it's marketing, right? It's, it's, it might be time for me to go just in general just where I might be out. All right. Derek, you're, you got some Atlantic stuff coming.


Plain English. This is gonna be one of the most interesting times we've had in America, probably since I've been alive these next four or five months. So I know you'll be chronicling all of it and just try to get some sleep. Hope you have some good coffee in North Carolina. We Got great coffee. Yeah, no trade, coffee and cult counterculture. I'm doing great. The Future of Everything, we did it. Summer edition. I'll see you in the winter for the next edition. Bye, Bill. Thank you. All right, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Derek Thompson. Thanks to Joe House, thanks to Kyle Creighton. And don't forget new re watchable coming on Sunday night. I will not have a podcast on Sunday.


You probably won't see me on this speed until a week from Sunday unless something crazy happens. So stay cool everybody, I'll see you in a few days.