
It's The Bill Simmons Podcast. We are part of The Ringer Podcast Network where you can find the re watchable. A great podcast we did. Heaven Can Wait. We wrapped up Big Ass seventies a month on Monday. You can find that podcast on The Ringer Movies YouTube channel. You can also find it as a video podcast on Spotify. We already have next week's movie that we're doing. We we Need to, Kyle Bran on hadn't been on in two months and we needed to do an action movie and naturally it led us to the Stephen Segal movie that we haven't done yet that we have to do out for justice. The most important Stephen Segal movie and the catalog that will be coming Monday.


There will be some laughs so you have the whole weekend to to watch it.


FanDuel. We did Taylor Fade this week and it actually hit Jalen Brunson over 30 and a half so you can check out they have same game parlay stuff for this weekend that you can check out on a FanDuel Sportsbook. So Coming up I went live after Game five Pacer's Knicks with Rob Mahoney and Joe House and then brought and Albert Breer to talk about all the NFL stuff that's happened over It lasts month since the draft. Things you might have missed if your head was buried in the NBA playoffs. So that's all. Next we'll take a break. We'll bring in Pearl Jam and then Joe House and Rob Mahoney all next. You're listening and watching The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel our friends America's number one sports book and they've made it easier than ever to get in on the action during NBA playoff game even after Tipoff. Just look for the live SGP tab on the FanDuel sportsbook app and build your own bet slip. Then sit back, relax, track the outcome of your parlay right in the app. And if you don't already have it, download the FanDuel app today to make every moment more The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available episode for additional details. Must be 20 President Select visit.


All right, starting the BS podcast here with Rob Mahoney and Joe House. Are we sober house? Are we buzzed? What? Where are we? Late night house. Late night house. Let's see what the cards give us. Groggy like a little, letting a loose house. Unlike Andrew Mhar. Today we're doing this live on YouTube. I thought this was gonna be an awesome game today. And New York had other ideas. Yeah, a couple of the Pacers had other ideas. Did New York figure anything out today, Mahoney? Or did Indiana just suck? I think they figured out how to play defense like they had something to lose. You know, I think there, there's games where the Knicks defensive problems are personnel based are schematic.


That's been the case in this series to some extent in this game. I didn't think they changed a ton. They changed some. Mostly they just played with actual intensity, especially on the perimeter to the point that it did feel like the Pacers kind of forgot for a while that they were allowed to move into the direction of the basket. Like it was all side to side. It was all handoffs up top. Once they, you know, Ben Mathen came in and decided to cut and they decided to drive a little more, the game changed a bit, but I thought the Knicks perimeter defense pressured them out of a lot of their stuff and they, they deserve a lot of credit for that. What'd you think Hess? The Knicks did the thing that's most important in basketball, which is make the shots. Mm. They started off by, by the making of the shots in the first quarter and that had the effect of keeping the Pacers from running.


So we had two quarters from the Pacers where they scored less than 25 points. They scored 45 points in the whole first half, 23 points. First quarter, 22 points second quarter because the Knicks did the making of the baskets. Bill Simmons And Indiana stunk Not a good game for them. It's pretty tough when Ben Mathre saved you from having like a 75 point game, which is where we're headed. Yeah. And and the stats reflect how bad it was, but it was even worse watching it. Nesmith was one for eight. He only played 15 minutes by the way. Yeah. They seemed like they were limiting him with with that ankle probably. And that, I mean Jalen Brunson feasts every minute that knee Smith isn't on the floor.


Yeah. And once they kind of realized maybe the game was a little behind them, they started a little more careful. Mhar was 3, 4, 8, it felt worse. Three turnovers Turner. Yeah. 24 minutes, five points, four turnovers and a couple of like really just awkward offensive moments. 25 feet from the basket where he is like trying to dribble against Mitchell Robinson. Like it was one time he just kind of fell out of bounds. It was like the, I thought the biggest thing the Nicks did today other than pressure Halbert and just make it more difficult for him on defense was they felt like they were attacking Miles Turner Rob. Yeah. Like, oh you're gonna have the bomb coming at you Completely.


And he's been beating up on their smaller defenders all series against mismatches and they were swiping really well to kind of dislodge him. They were fighting for position much more effectively. Yeah, you mentioned like on the perimeter there's times, there's times where Miles Turner looks like a, a great athlete and then there's times where it looks like one of his legs is like a dramatically different length than the other and he can't quiet move in any kind of like fluid manner. They get brought that side out of him to the point that like Mitchell Robinson at some points was pressuring Miles Turner up to half court. Like they just wouldn't let him move at all. Much less get into that little handoff game. Yeah, it's weird. The Miles Turner free agency tape, it's gonna have to be a carefully edited 20 minute highlight tape house.


But I think the 20 minute highlight tape will be excellent. It can't have anything to do with Carl Anthony Towns. I mean, I think Kat has has found the, the opposing center that he's most comfortable with in the entire NBA. Yeah. And it's a version of Kat, you know, that man going to the rim with, with ferocity relentless ferocity and his, you know, making himself into a true New York nick, you could see the crowd get super fired up every time he went to the, to the rack and banged Turner out of the way and and you know, got his and and really he and Brunson set the tone in in the first quarter. Yeah. With that intensity that they brought and they controlled the flow of the game in the first quarter.


And it was weird that the Pacers didn't really have a a any kind of retaliation. Yeah, I mean the closest we got was that 10 points with four minutes left in the third quarter. Yeah. And then a couple missed threes then they got there again in the fourth quarter. But really they just never got there. Mahoney. Yeah. But to that point with Kat, it was really telling that this series for him has become not really a post-up series, not really a three point shooting series. It is drive past Miles Turner Drive past Pascal Sicca. Yeah. Pacers have nobody who can stay in front of him so long as Kat can stay out of foul trouble. And granted, you know, he had about three or four dumb fouls in this game. I think he easily could have been called for five or six, you know, a shove here or there that just didn't get whistled.


And maybe this game is very, very different. But he definitely showed up. Brunson definitely showed up like those guys had to deliver and the depth also did like honestly just might be the best Landry Sham it playoff run we've ever seen from him. Has there been a Landry Sham playoff run? This Is the thing he tends to be, he tends to be the guy who comes into the playoffs and just immediately disappears. Like way too small. Gets boxed outta series two streak a shooter to really make a difference. This guy was like freezing TJ McConnell in the lane, like killed Dribble on the baseline completely stalling out the, the Pacers offense. I, the pressure that Shaman and Delon and Deano Wright have brought to the series, I think has been like a really meaningful thing. Which is crazy to say.


McConnell was another one who sucked tonight. The Really, everybody in the Pacers, you look through Rin has 23 points and they scored 94 as a team. That's pretty rough. The town's piece of it. I still feel like anytime a team isn't just completely attacking him on Defense House, especially once he gets to four fouls, I would just go at him every play. 'cause I just feel like law of averages, he's just gonna foul somebody. It was funny to hear Van Gundy on this three man team we had tonight and we've had all through the playoffs. Your favorite in both conferences, just poor Kevin Harlan. His usage rate is all time low.


He's basically like Mikel Bridges in those games when he has six shots in 48 minutes. But it was funny to hear Van Gundy just openly saying like, they shouldn't put towns back in. He's just crazy enough to get a foul here because I thought the same thing, 0.6 seconds left. It's like just enough time for him to foul somebody on a pick. But for the most part, I think this series has been a win for him house An enormous win. An all time win. Yeah, I mean in the same way that we were observing Julius Randall, you know, kind of of a, a rebranding for himself by the excellent performance he had for the Timberwolves in, in the West until recently. Yeah, I know, but look for the most part, like who saw that coming, right?


And you had to do some, some research. You had to go back into your, you know, basketball referenced Bill Simmons database to compare him to some dates. The 19 and nine. Yeah. Him and Elgin Baylor, him and the greats. You Had to do that. Yeah, he made you do that. Julius Randall made you do that, but the town, But now he's gonna make Charlotte give him a a weird free agent offer and that's gonna be the only one he gets anyway. Undoubtedly True. But towns also, this is like a version of towns that I don't think anybody could say. We've seen this from Carl Anthony Towns in the playoffs. Like this is the Eastern conference finals for Christ's sakes. It's very impressive to me. I like how hard he is playing. Yes, me too. That's a big thing for me is like whatever the stats are gonna come and go, his shots are gonna come and go, but he really seems like he fully gives a shit, which I think is, and if I, I felt that way last year with him too in the Western finals too.


So we've at least gotten over that hump with him. Yeah, Mahoney, I think he's had great responses, right? It's like he's been embarrassed a couple times in this series, especially defensively like we were just talking about. Yeah. Played off the floor in fourth quarters, taken out of the rotation for critical stretches like Mitchell Robinson kind of taking his spot a couple times and then you get hu a huge response in crunch time. Then you get this response to the Indiana win. I I I don't know that you can ask a lot more of Townes than this. He's on a bad knee right now and he's still driving all that much. He's still hold, like relatively holding up defensively again, give or take all the fouls and credit to M two gets to kind of punch it through with that final possession before the pacers took everybody out. It was like a Indiana couldn't pull down a defensive rebound.


Josh Hart gets it rerouted to towns pump fake drive, finish over math and shrug off everybody we're going home. Like I he deserves that kind of moment with the series he's had. Yeah. And the Knicks were like dying to let the Pacers back in the game in the third quarter and the Pacers weren't, but there, there was like a six minute stretch where it just felt like the ball was flying around off everybody. It's funny you mentioned the towns playing with a bad knee. Not sure how bad the knee was because it felt like he was doing a lot of stuff out there. That's true. It was just, I had the hockey game on the smaller TV as I was watching the basketball and I was just thinking how funny it is. We, you're on the, you're at the playoff basketball game like Carl Town's cutting it out with the sore knee and then you go to the hockey game and guys like, they have just divots in the side heads they're playing with just broken hands or broken orbital bones.


It's just, it's just funny how different the sports are house. Well, and classic tips. I mean with, with his, with with the knee, he had the most minutes of any nick on the floor. Right? 36 minutes and he got the most attempts up. Oh yeah. 20 attempts. So, you know, taking an To it, send them out there. What A warrior. I thought it affected his shot a little bit was the one thing. I noticed it, but the barrel length to the basket thing, I, I kind of feel like the, the knee piece didn't matter, but maybe so I don't know. I've changed my opinion on that trade a hundred times since they made it, but now I think Knicks won the trade. That's where I've landed today after, after watching Julius Randall a couple times it against KC Big one win for the Knicks. Yeah.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra. What do I look forward to every NBA playoffs season? Well, I'm always hoping the Celtics do well. I'm always hoping we have great storylines, great games, great matchups, great game sevens. I just hope for good basketball. But the NBA playoffs, they are even better with Michelob Bocher, the official beer partner of the nba. Plus they're getting fans closer to the game with a chance to win courtside tickets and more. Enter now at michelob belcher.com/courtside. Michelob Belcher superior access Courtside 2024 to 25 sweepstakes, no purchase necessary open to US residents. 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit michelob belcher.com/superior access slash courtside for free entry, entry deadlines and official rules, message and data rates may apply void where prohibited.


Can I ask you a question? I I, I've already taken a shot at tips, but I think he coached a great game. I honestly think that that him getting four guys on the bench double digit minutes at this stage of, of the playoffs. I mean we are, we, we keep exclaiming out loud. We're we're shocked by the sham at Revelation, but really Delan Wright and Sham at MM. And McBride, I think the move of heart to the bench, you, you're still getting the 34 minutes out of him. Yeah. You gotta tip our hat to ts here a little bit. Mahoney. Completely. I like, maybe he should have been here all along. Maybe they should have been playing this way. You know, they, they brought in Delon Wright and Land Shaman a little later in the season, but once they did, maybe those guys should have been in the rotation.


That's fine. We can, we can talk about that. I'm sure to encourage positive growth. This is Tom Tiptoe and we're, we're meeting him where he is, which is in a moment of desperation, started turning to these guys and really found something with it. Like, I don't even think it's just a minutes thing in terms of keeping the starters minutes down. I think having those guys in for meaningful runs where the Knicks are winning on defense, where they're creating all this energy where they have the momentum. To me that's taking a lot of pressure off of OG and Nobi and Mikhail Bridges, Josh Hart two, you really don't even dwell or notice on the fact that like those guys can't hit threes right now aren't really hitting a lot of shots because the Knicks are winning with this defensive energy. Yeah, that's a good point.


Their bench, I guess Hart two for two for eight from three. And the Knicks, the Pacers seemed super happy to give them as many as you want. It's a weird thing for me. I agree that tip's ed a good game tonight. I also think it was reprehensible that he didn't ever try to figure out how to use his bench during the season. I remember doing a podcast after that. Nick felt the game in Boston in like February where he is just playing the, those guys huge minutes in this game that ultimately they really gonna be the three suit of the four season. It's like, what are you doing? And I think the Knicks fans in my life, they're, they're just apoplectic that it took until this series Losing game one to then now experiment with all these different lineups and and lineups that really haven't played together are all season.


But in a way better late than ever I guess because it, it's definitely helped them. I don't know. I we've, we've seen shame it for a few seasons here. I I I refuse to believe he's like a late bloomer as a playoff asset and yeah, there there's been a bunch of teams that have given up on shame it just, Just for the record, but he's out there and get like these lineups are lineups that I would never choose to put on the floor in a must win playoff game. Right? Like lineups that should not work. That should not make sense. But I think it speaks to the fact that like New York's needs right now are less for explosive offense and more for where are they getting that defensive intensity, right? Who are the guys who are really gonna pressure, who are really gonna play up and Right. And Shaman have both done that.


McBride always does that and playing those three guys together shouldn't be a thing, but it's a thing and it's working in this series. Yeah. And make Indiana turn the ball over and make Hall Burton not as comfortable. Which they managed that too. Indiana had 20 turnovers tonight. The Knicks were Reba out rebounding them by 10 for most of the game in that even out a little bit. But I guess from the Knick side they were 28% from three and they won handily. Good sign for them from the pacer side. They 20 turnovers and it felt, still felt like they were gonna make a run even with like five minutes left with nobody. Literally nobody playing. Well except Mathre. It was like, ah, I still feel like they might get going here. It was a bad Halliburton game.


Yeah. You know, a lot of smoke including on this podcast and all of The Ringer podcasts about the big leap he was taking and how great he was playing and it just felt like he was flustered from the get go with all the pressure. My guess is that he'll be fine in game six. Yeah. I mean making and that this is one of those, I looked at the tape, I can't believe how bad I was. I'm gonna do this, this, this and this and it'll be a different Hal would be my guess. He was the making the big leap and then he took the big shit. And that happens sometimes, right? I mean we saw SGA the MVP of the league and what was a game three, you know, lay of big fat egg. It happens. The the good players. Yeah. The the, when you start talking about like top 20 guys, top 15 guys, top 10 guys.


Once we go higher up the list, what, what separates the top five, top seven guys? Like you notice that one SGA game when he wasn't very good in game three, but for the most part, every single playoff game he's been between 30 and 38 a game. Yeah. And consistently scoring and consistently getting his shot. And you just always know you can count on him. You know, and when you go through all the best guys in the league, that's usually in place. Which is why even with somebody like Edwards, people are so disappointed that, oh, what happened to him in second half of game four? And why did he seem so comfortable? Because there's, he is being held to a certain standard. I feel like Halliburton had at least was knocking on the door of that level.


So for him to suck tonight is just like, that's not great. Yeah. And now he's gonna take it tomorrow on the shows. There's gonna be a lot of, they need Tyrese, Halliburton to step up. He's gonna be the step up guy tomorrow. Who was that? Who was the step up guy heading in? No, who was The voice? You just did Is that Was my generic SPN voice. It was all, every single one. The collage of the voices. All everyone, every voice. I want them to have a segment called Step Up where they just, each of them just screams at the TV that somebody needs to step up and then at the end of the segment they all just look at each other and they tell each other to step up. Why show? And then they go to Something on our content. This could easily be a Ringer hottest Takes style podcast 10 minute segment. Anyone in the world, you know, like any a world leaders is great.


Just who needs to step up. Amazing. They pope, anybody like it could Democrats need to step up? Well, well Lord Mercy, they definitely actually do need to step up. But pluses main screen needs to step up because I can't find Mission Impossible. Whoever's Doing the UI on those things definitely needs to step up. Yeah, it's, it's a disgrace. Well anyway, I think Tyrese, but long story short, Tyrese, Halliburton might need to step up. Yes. There's a version of a Tyree Halliburton game where he shoots seven times and it's still awesome. He's done that before. Plenty of times. This was not that. I think it was, it was distressing how little he was even looking at the rim and the times where he even, he would turn the corner on the Knicks defense and it's just like he's, he, it looks like he's waiting for the breakdown to make the easy pass for the layup that frankly has like been there for, It lasts three games or so.


Yeah. But if you're that guy, if you're a top 20 guy, you are the breakdown like that, that's your job to create that and to capitalize on it. And the fact that he wasn't really looking to score for, I would say at least two, maybe two and a half quarters, that it, it just wasn't enough for where the Pacers were House. Do you think it's 'cause Michael Imperioli was there, you think he was psyched out? It's one thing to play in front of Shaima Spike Lee, some of the stars. But when Christopher's in the house, I don't know. I it's a different level. Anything is possible. You don't want Christopher going to the trunk. That's for sure. I mean, is Paul Paul's dead, right? Paul Wallnut is dead. Think he is. So what the, that would've been the Knick's move is to put court side, just all the Sopranos characters, the living ones just all in a row.


But some of the key ones are dead. But I think, I still think that would be a little intimidating. Maybe get all the Mafia movies. Can we pour one out from Miles Teller though? Who was next to Timothy Schlamme couldn't even get the broadcast shoutout. Like he was just the normal guy sitting to the side of Timothy Chalamet. That's Miles Teller Tough beat. He was in Top Gun Maverick for god's sakes. He's in Whiplash. He's been in some big movies. He was just in a movie that led Apple tv. He should have at least gotten a Chiron. That's What I'm saying. He's at Chiron level, at bare minimum. I agree with that. My son was admiring Shala MA's fit. He likes the Chrome Heart Knick's pants. He thought it was a great job. He thinks he thinks Shala MA's done a great job with the, with the, with the fits during the games.


I don't, I'm not gonna bring him in later for a fit fit thing. Brunson 6 4 9 in the first quarter, laid the smack down. I had in the Taylor Fade, my, my weekly prop, I did over 30 and a half because I thought Brunson was gonna have a big game. I think he finished with like 34. But one of the reasons I thought that was, 'cause I didn't think towns was gonna be good in this game. So whatever they got from towns I wasn't expecting. I'm not positive the Pacers were expecting either. But this Brunson thing, his eyes just light up on Emhart. So you mentioned it before Rob. It's like the Emhart Pacers and then the non Mhar. When he sees Halliburton, it's, he looks like Hal passing an Arby's. Hey, hey.


No, that's a compliment house. I know I'm, that was an excited, hey, coming from Me. That was a Stomach growl. It was, I met somebody else who loved Arby's and I always bring you up when somebody else likes Arby's. You're my number one person each other. We should. No, I, I just feel like it's almost like House is a part Odor and Arby's, even though he owns nothing. But I've invested enough, believe me. Yeah, you've believe me. Thank God for Arby's anyway. Jalen Brunson. Rob, go. I don't know, I don't know how to come back from Arby's. No, he, look, there really is only one pacer who can guard him in this series. Yes. He's currently kind of injured. Clearly at least being held back to some degree.


I thought it was a sign of, you know, it was represented representative of Indie's desperation that Ben Mathen was not only like the only guy who could score, but the only guy they would even trust to guard Jalen Brunson during critical stretches of the second half. Like they, they gave him that job too. Yeah, because Ben like Shepherd can't do it. Mhar cannot do it. Those guys have no impact honestly on Jalen Bruns. And they're good defenders who fight through screens and like can be very effective against any other kind of score. But for some reason Jalen Brunson can just kind of bump them off. He can shoot right over the top of Mhar. They don't bother him at all. And so if we are watching which injuries are real and which ones are exaggerated, carny towns, you know, clearly good enough to drive and still be a dominant player in this game.


Aaron Nesmith has to be a fully operational member of the Pacers rotation. If they're gonna slow down Jalen Brunson at all, Well, the recipe for the Knicks to come back from three one house. If you're doing the 2004 Red Sox, don't let us get one. Don't let us get two. Whatever. Kevin Malar said, it's easier to do it when you have five and seven at home. You win five, you have to go on the road and take six. But when the Celtics tried to do this last round, no. Jason Tatum, zombie Pingus, Sam Hauser and a sprained ankle and the Knicks played the best game they've had and were completely healthy. This, this pacer situation.


Ne Smith not Healthy Turner and Emhart coming off terrible games. Pacer's bench not doing that well. Halburn coming off a bad game and weirdly, some pressure for a team up three, two. What do you think the line is for the series now House? Don't look. Oh, this is a great question. Yeah, the Pacers are definitely still favored. Let me think about this. Plus for the, for the Knicks, the, the Pacers are favored minus two 20. Rob, I can't remember if you know how to do ads. I don't. I I'll let you have a guess if you want. I'm gonna say they're more than that.


I think it's probably more of like a minus five or 600 I think. Oh wow. Still Look at the big balls on Brad. They're two minus three 70 for the patients. Oh, there we go. What's the difference? So yeah, right in between the two of us. Well, the Knicks were minus five today, which I jumped out at me immediately 'cause I I thought it was gonna be like a minus two. So Vegas obviously and FanDuel and everybody else. Probably like some of the metrics that were going, I do think they saved Knee Smith a little bit. Yeah, this is one of those you feel it out. Oh, I didn't realize Miles Turner was gonna be hot in this game. Ooh, I didn't realize Walker was gonna make three threes, but none of those things were happening.


And Carlisle was like, all right, I'll save my guy for, for Saturday night.


Here's the, here's oh, I'll say this. We're gonna take a break for the podcast. Keep going on YouTube. FanDuel has been your buddy for the NBA playoffs and they still have the same offer for the weekends. It's a no sweat. Same game. Parlay every weekend when you bet the NBA playoffs, you know we're gonna have that for the NBA finals as well. Use your token on three plus leg. Same game parley or same game Parley plus on any NBA playoff game. And you'll get bonus bets back if you don't win. So Pacers Knicks game six. If you think the Pacers are gonna bounce back and close it out against the Knicks this weekend, throw together a little same gamer. Maybe you could bet on a Tyrese Halbert and Triple double or a double double or just him hitting two threes. Throw it with the Pacers, throw it with the over and you're off. There's no better place to bet all the playoff action than America's number one sportsbook visit fan.com/bs and again, you get a no sweat same game. Parlay every weekend of the NBA playoffs fan into official sports betting partner of the NBA. You Must be 21 plus in President select states or 18 plus in president in DC Optum required minimum three Legg Parlay required refund issued as non-drivable bonus bets that expire seven days after receipt max refund $5 unless otherwise specified restrictions. Supply, including token expiration seat terms at sportsbook. Do fan.com Game Pro call 100 GAMBLER visitor rg help do com.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats Summer's almost here. And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered. I love chicken Parmesan. A cabana. That's a no but a banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. No, but a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. No. A box of fine wines. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now alcohol and select markets. Product availability may vary by region. See app for details.


Here's the best thing about tonight. We get a game on Saturday night now. Yeah, I'm so happy it's Magnifi. I looked like we weren't gonna have basketball for a week. Yeah. What are we gonna do? I'm so happy. I'm gonna order Arby's. How about that? I'll have the meets me and Jalen Brunson will have the meets the Jalen Brunson thing that I wanted to observe is that the, you know, it's a very stupid observation that I made at the top of the show, but they created their force of will. They dictated their pace by the high percentage shots that Jalen Brunson gets and takes. And the same thing is true of, of towns. I want for the record to, to say out loud, I tailed the Brunson wager, the Brunson Pro.


Oh, Bill Simmons, of course. That's nice. Course. I mean, I, my my, my token, my I'm gonna, you know, cash that in. But it was based on the idea that towns might be compromised. He wasn't compromised, but it was based on that didn't, we didn't feel, and we also had as a narrative, Nicks aren't gonna go out like this. Yeah. This, not this, this Knicks team with this Knicks fandom, what they've done in these playoffs, they're not going out with the whimper. They're gonna come home and show pride. JJ John Dsky made a great case for why the Knicks would show up and show out tonight. And they, they, they did that. And I do think, I mean, and let me get your guys' take on this. I've said this a couple times and, and I think it's, you know, reasonable argument.


I think the Knicks have the best five in the east and you know, that doesn't necessarily mean they're the best team in the east, but I think they have the best five in the east. We Heard about this on the phone today because Yeah, the plus minus stats for the five man units do not back this up. And yet I don't think you're wrong. Well, He, I think this is why I think you're wrong. Which five are you talking about? Because I Thinks Yeah, You know, like is it the, the Mitchell Robinson five or the Josh Hart five? It's definitely the Hart five. But you, yeah, because The, the stats say it's the Mitchell Robinson five. I Understand. That's the better one. I get it. I'm not, I I I understand the point, but I just, you know, when they, they they, they have six.


They have six guys. That's true. They have five and a half guys. 'cause what you get outta Mitchell Robinson is half a game. You get 20 minutes or you, you know, you get two thirds out of a, out of a minutes wise out of him. But I I, I would stack this next five up against every other five in the, in, in the east. And I think that's an element of, of why we're sitting here at this point with a game on Saturday night. Can I give you another element? Let's hear it. This is gonna make Rob feel awkward, but this is really house's love language. I'm Terrified of whatever you're about to say. I honestly have no idea. I hope it involves Frank from White Lotus. No, no, no, it's not. Frank is not involved. You know, if Indiana wins one more game, we're gonna have an Indiana versus Oklahoma City finals.


But if the Knicks win the series, we'll have the Knicks and the finals. And if you've noticed from ratings and interests, it's a little more interesting nationally. When there's a New York team in the finals. I'd like to bring you back to the year 2002, game six Portland Lakers. I, I'm sorry. Oh God. Game six Sacramento Lakers in Sacramento. Yes. If Sacramento wins we're going to have a Sacramento, New Jersey finals. And David Stern was like, not on my watch. This is not happening. We are not letting this happen.


And we did not get a Sacramento New Jersey finals. And I'm just, I just, I I just, I'm being, just be careful. Let's be careful out there for game six. If you're wagering, just be careful. Put two fouls on Nesmith pretty quickly. I don't know conspiracy bill, I'm not gonna dress up like conspiracy bill, but it just how we, the 2002 game six we've talked a lot about over the years. I'm just saying an all tire, it's in the back of my head. It's in the deep recesses of the back of my head. Well guess when I remembered it. When, when Dallas won the effing lottery two weeks ago on my birthday. I remembered that 2002 game, six weird things happen.


Miracles happen to Game. Weird miracles. True Miracles. NBA miracles. Miracles. Like Aaron New Smith having three fouls six minutes in the first quarter. Like some miracles can happen. You just never know. So we'll have this, this Indiana game Saturday night, which will be, I'm trying to think if there's been a bigger Indiana game since the 2000 finals. I'm gonna say no. Right. I think the only thing that would even come close is when they had a chance to upset the LeBron Cavs. You know, like they were in some of those series and had some pressure packed games. Right. They never had a chance to, if we win this game at home, we go to the finals. I don't think they've been in that situation because I was thinking during the Pistons when they oh three or oh four range, they played the Pistons a couple times.


But yeah, I think what was the game where Shaw Prince blocked Reggie Miller from behind The cha The chase down. That was in Indiana, the chase down thing. But this is the biggest Indiana Pacers game I think since the 2000 finals game four. Ironically the becoming a special player game in OT after Shaq falls out. So we'll see. I, I guess my question, if you're Rob, if you're Rick Carlisle, how many, how many pacers do you trust right now? Because we always see the number starts dropping as the playoffs series goes along. How many of these guys do you actually trust? I thought in this game you could see his patients being tried with Obi Toppin, especially in the first half.


Some when you tried To dribble through the two guys That, you know, that's not gonna get you on Rick Carlisle's Best side, I would say, I thought TJ McConnell had some bad, like momentum halting plays that, but you kind of have to play him like Tyrese Halliburton needs, needs rest at some point. And Mhar hasn't been good enough to be your backup point guard on any kind of full-time basis. Yeah. Like is Thomas Bryant gonna have to continue to play? How bad is that Tony Bradley hip? I cannot believe I'm talking about Tony Bradley in the Eastern Conference final. Yeah, You would've thought, thought Tony Bradley hip injury would be a game six subplot. But you know what? The Thomas Bryant minutes are that bad that, that it becomes a subplot. And so I, yeah, I think the guys who are definitely gonna be in there, like Shepherd is gonna be in there. He's, he's earned the right to have some minutes. He plays conservatively enough.


I think he's gonna be in the mix. Mathen clearly over It lasts two games, has been one of the Pacers best players. I'm, I'm a little worried about Mhar at this point though because like in order to not play those bench guys, you have to stretch the starters more. And ne Smith will see what state he's in physically, obviously Ccam and Halliburton and, and I think Turner on a good night, which these have mostly been good nights for him. You wanna play those guys a lot. Yeah. Andrew Emhart didn't just struggle tonight. He struggled now for like a week. Yeah. It's been, it's been, It's three awful games in a row. Three Awful games in a row shooting like 20 ish, 23, 20 4% over those three games. Like And doing stuff like drives to the layup. Yeah. To get a layup. But then kicking it out when like there was one place specifically where Jalen Brunson was the only guy who could come over and try to stop him.


And Brunson was coming and he kicked it back out to the corner. It's like, just lay it up, just get two points. I think He's got some Yes. It's the easiest playing basketball. That's what I was thinking. Yeah. It felt a little ysy Very concerning from that perspective. Well, I'm gonna make you a once in a lifetime offer right now. Both of you, as you know, Zach Low and I cleaned up on New Smith Island. It's been a revelation for us. Just unbelievable how it worked out. It's been sorry to everybody. We had to turn away in the condo projects. Jarris Walker Island. Oh, I did buy some property. Not, not tonight during the season. Every time he's played, I liked him.


Yeah. And he's, it's gotten to the point where I don't really understand why he's not playing more. 'cause I feel like he's at, I'm sure, listen, I haven't watched nearly enough Pacers games as the actual Pacers fans. I'm sure like, oh my God, this fucking guy thinks Walker should play more. I don't know if I'm right or wrong, but I like when he is out there and I think he does good stuff. And I wonder if we see him more in game six instead of the Thomas Bryant minutes. Do you just go a little smaller? It's not like, what's Robinson? He's gonna hurt you on the offensive boards. But it's not like he's gonna be posting up whoever it is. They don't post them up. And I wonder if they just try to go small 'cause Walker's a dog like he'll, he'll, he'll, he'll fight anybody and fight for position.


And I don't know. I, he seemed really comfortable shooting a couple of those threes tonight and I thought he was playing hard. You am I crazy Rob, You're not. Well here's the thing. If you are crazy, we're crazy together because I have been on the, could Jarris Walker be a playoff X factor for the Pacers? It sounds like you've, you've just bought a plot of land. I Look the land has been bought, my financial manager has said like I am ruining his professional reputation if I continue to buy land on Jarris Walker Island. So, wow. I didn't realize I, I saw some lights on down, down in the island. I didn't know who else that was. I'm a believer, you know, the, like these lights are pretty bright though, right? Like these now crucial must win games to get you to the NB finals.


I thought he, he played pretty well in this one. And, and again, like he's, he's gonna make some spotty decisions here and there if he tries to do too much with the ball. But I thought in this game he was kind of in that nuggets championship season Christian Brown zone of like, you go to that spot and you stand there and if you dribble the ball, we will take you out of the game and you're gonna try hard on defense and you're gonna fly around. And he was like, he brought some of the athleticism that I thought, you know, if you're taking OB top and off the floor 'cause you don't like some of the choices he's making, you bring in Jarris Walker and you're, you're getting some of it back. Maybe not OB top and level athleticism, but some real pop and some length. How's you calling your broker or are you two overextended with the three wizards rookies when you bought all the stock?


I I mean the Bob Carrington island. I have Bob Carrington, I have, I have a AJ Green. I mean, you know Johnson. AJ Johnson. Yeah, AJ Johnson Johnson. You gotta remember what his name is if you're gonna have stock on the island. What About Johnny Bryant? Are you, are you leveraged on him? No. No. Nothing. And he never bought any, any property on Johnny Davis Island? No. No. I I, no. He called in fake fire alarms for Johnny Davis Island trying to get the island shut down. I I, yeah, I i I can't say out loud what I, what I really prayed for, but please don't. Yeah. Even though it's late night House. Yeah. Are you with us on Walker or No, I like it. Look, I would be interested in getting some of the, what's it called, second spectrum.


I wanna see some of the data about him on towns. I'd like to see the idea of him on towns because towns is too comfortable. Why are you, why are him throw The basket? Yeah. Like him. That's what I'm saying. You would think like a smaller guy should just Right. Get in and try to make towns basically bowl him over. Yeah. Yeah. Just, I mean he's got the athleticism. I feel the same way about Toppin. I why isn't Toppin trying to, to defend towns now? Maybe that's true. Maybe it, yeah there are some matchups there that I'm, I'm not like catching as they're occurring in real time. And you certainly don't want OB top and feeling like it can take 10 effing field gold attempts in in field goal attempts in, in 18 minutes. That's not permissible. You don't get 10 Obie, you don't get 10, you don't get more than than, you know, Tyree Halliburton.


Okay, please. Yeah. I try this Ty's fault. Can, can I speak for the second Spectrum stats real quick? Yeah. About Juris Walker on towns. He is not ready for all that. That's too much. Okay. Okay. So Who, who, who's left? That's, that's kind of it. Like that's the rotation aka I mean, well, oh yeah, I think AKA's gonna continue. He's, he's gotten some chances. He honestly has not done any better than Turner has. I thought it was. So this Is the problem with the Pacers in game six is there's some a couple foul trouble guys that they don't really have Plan Bs for. Ccam is one of them. Nesmith I think is another one then Halbert obviously. But I don't know. I mean I think we know the way that the pacers guard downs in this series and it's, you make him a defensive liability or you foul him off the floor.


Like those are really the two options for them. Yeah. And they've, they've been pretty effective both throughout most of this series. It's just when he does manage to stay on the floor, he can get by Turner so easily that it creates problems everywhere. Can we go big, can picture, can we go big picture on the Knicks for a second? Because I feel like I've watched six months of Nick's playoff games at this point. Pretty intently. Don't, don't ask why, but I, I really enjoyed that pit, that piston series. What do you mean? Don't ask why it's good basketball. It's fun. It, it's interesting Are the Knicks we always talk about good hangs like we even called the Amy Po podcast. Good hang. Are the Knicks a good hang? It's just for casual basketball fans who don't care.


You Don obviously other than the betting pieces. But is it fun to watch this next team because I can't, I haven't really totally decided yet. I I find myself more aggravated by them than enjoying them with towns like all the facial expressions and him calling Brunson the, the cuts to Tibs. He has the same look on his face all the time. It just looks like he's trying to pass a kidney stone. Brunson's never smiling all that. The bridges. The fact that nobody seems to realize that every time he goes to his spot and jumps backwards and everybody forgets that. That's his jump shot every time. Yeah. Mitchell Robinson just bowling guys over from behind getting offensive rebounds.


I just find myself frustrated watching them and I I have no skin in the game. It's, man, I think I've seen too many nick games, Rob. I think they're pretty fun. I honestly, I think this is, this is a cat litmus test to me. 'cause you're right, some of the personalities on the court are not the most emotive like OG and Nobie. You're not gonna get a lot out of during the game. No Blank slate. But I'm, I enjoy the cat experience, the ups and the downs, the dramatic turns. Like I'm, I am here to see like every night, can this guy stay on the floor? Can this guy get out of his own way? Can he be the all and be a caliber player? He proved to be the season that we all know he is capable of being. Can he be that when you need it? And those have been some of the most satisfying moments of this next run or the moments. You're right where Ka steps up.


I think he's right Hess. I agree. How about this? I fucking love these K Nicks there we, I'm into 'em. Wow. Okay. I think it, I'm glad we're talking about this a Great time. I think 'cause I think I'm bitter about the Celtics thing and I think that's tainted. I just, I'll just put all cards on the table. I might still be bad. Go ahead. House. Especially when they're at MSGI think that they have engendered this love and, and you know, being reminded of what a great venue like historic presidential precedent, important basketball has happened at MSG And Presidential. Presidential Presidential, all of them, all the piece.


Probably A president There. All the Ps happened at at MSG. But it's been a really fun ride watching this team who I, I think, you know, the off season stuff was a goddamn miracle. How did they get Yeah, MHA Bridges and Carl Anthony Towns. How did They they do that. They, they treated every asset they had. That's, you know what, that's how they got them. It was effing worth it. Yeah, it was. They're in the Eastern Conference finals in year one and I think it's like a three year run and, and they can I, yeah, I mean the, the, the combination of of where they are. See I feel like everything's on the table. You could tell me this is t's last game of coach on Saturday.


You could tell me they're gonna have Giannis next year. I'm ready for anything with them. This is the east though. You know, like there's that thing where you write your name on the SAT and you get 200 points you play in the Eastern Conference. Yeah. Like that's 14 Minutes, 41 wins. Like I think you're gonna be all right there. Yeah, that's a good point. Ill say one thing and they're All the deficiency. All season was so good House. I agree with you on MSG and it's fun to have the celebrities there. I will say this, I have noticed this over and over again. The people court side around the area, a lot of people on the phones. Oh and I think the Knicks fans have to really push. I'm not saying it's not like the Shaima guys, but there'll be somebody shooting free throws and you'll see behind and it'll be in the front row and it'll be six people just texting and it's like you're at game five of the fucking Eastern Conference finals and you guys have a reputation as being some of the best basketball fans in the earth and you're sitting on the wood.


Get off your fucking phone. Well plus like get off your Phone. It could be Mitchell Robinson shooting, in which case it's hazard. Right. Make a hit. Like you gotta be careful hit by a field goal. Alright, so who wins game six? It's in 48 hours. Pacers Pacers. I don't think I'd bid it either way. Do you stay away? Should we Wait to see who the refs are? Oh, come on. It. It's something I'm definitely gonna do on Saturday. Did we get a Tony Brothers? Tony Brothers? What's Roman? Tony calls a solid game. Now you, I need to think about it some more. The extender, I'll say it be really tough to beat this Pacers team.


Three days, three games in a row with how, how one of those games they're gonna have a, a really good offensive game. One of those games. Carlisle's gonna figure out something. But I, I think I'd probably Lean Pacers 'cause I, I just think their style, especially at home. I believe in it, but it does. The knee Smith 15 minutes today does scare me a little bit. It should. I think that combined with Mhar being this bad, like that's, that is a little bit spooky. But Turner will be better at home. Turner Will be better. Halberg Is MCC gonna be better? TJ will be better at home. Yeah. Today was dying for the random TJ McConnell. I'm just gonna take over a quarter for six minutes, but he did the opposite. But I, he'll, he'll he has that in him, which they need.


Trying to think from a nick standpoint, probably hitting a bunch of threes. Brunson has to be around 30. They need something major from towns and they need the bench guys to be decent would be the recipe.


This episode is brought to you by McDonald's. All new mc crispy strips. New mc crispy strips are here. Chicken made for dipping tender juicy white meat chicken with a golden brown peppery breading. This sounds delicious. It's chicken. So good. It deserves its own sauce. That's right. The creamy chili mc crispy stripped dip. It's creamy, savory, and sweet with a little heat. But strips work with any of their sauces. I'm actually still a big fan of the buffalo sauce. Look. New mc Crispy strips and Dip sounds fantastic. And it's only at McDonald's.


This episode is brought to by Better Help Men face a lot of pressure to keep it all together. But guys, it's okay to struggle. What's more important is getting the help you need. Talk to someone like a therapist from Better Help as the largest online therapy provider in the world. Better Help can provide access to mental health professionals with a diverse variety of expertise. Talk it out with Better Help. Our listeners get 10% off their first month@betterhelp.com slash Bill Simmons. That's better. HE p.com/ Bill Simmons.


Yeah. You guys both talked about OKC on your, on, on podcast this week, but why are, why do you think people are so begrudgingly careful about calling them a great team Team because they're young? I think mostly, I think people are Always hesitant if they just don't fit the profile. Yeah, well I mean, they're profile wise, they're like, like closer to like the Iversson Sixers or something. It's like if, but if you supercharge their defense and also supercharged Alan Iversson. And that's not a formula that we're used to like wrapping our heads around, you know, a defense first team that is this defense forward in the modern NBA is is a bit of an anomaly on this stage. I told Haci on the phone today, they've played nine playoff games at home.


They won eight of them by 51 19 43, 7 32 36, 15 and 30. And they lost one game to Denver in Game one. They're up nine with three minutes left and lost the game by two. This is about as dominant of a home team as we've seen through three rounds. And I think that crowd, I think their young guys are more comfortable at home to begin with. It's usually when they go up eight to 10 and their defense takes it over. I just think, like I I was saying in the house, I really regret not just banging the blowout odds for every game. 'cause we should have seen it. 'cause especially the history of the playoffs, young teams like this built around a talented guy, they usually kind of kick everybody's ass like this.


Yeah. And I wonder, like even watching the game tonight, I I I'm just hard pressed to think either of those teams have much of a chance, right? I mean, look at the way the Pacers responded to Nick's level defensive pressure, right? And think about the decisions that sometimes Kat will make on the move or OG or Mikhail Bridges will make on the move as they try to navigate through the lane and they're trying to make those connecting passes. You have to make, I I don't see it. I think the thunder should and will be a heavy favorite against either of these teams. They deserve that. They are a great team. They're, they're an all time team, kinda like hiding in plain sight. All, all that is a hundred percent true. And I will be banging hard every one of their home games and playing alt spreads and, and everything.


But on the perception question, I think, you know, it's right to think about this, this whole season in in context the league kind of has a, a, a role in this. Like the league isn't out there promoting SGA, they, it wasn't in, back in October, we were looking at, We, this all year, I, we've all done it on our, I remember doing a whole monologue about this, about, you know, LeBron and Curry, we love those guys. But Durant, it's, It's time to start pushing the new dudes. And they're just over and over again hinging on LeBron and Curry on these Saturday night a, b, c games. It's not like they did know OKC was gonna be good house. They're over under was like 61 wins.


The thing that I shared with you when we were talking earlier, I, I'm interested in Rob's opinion. SGA didn't help himself in the Olympics. Like remember the, the, the Olympics did sort of, you know, give everybody a a, a big burst of basketball in August and it was high level basketball. The competition was incredible and it took an amazing like end of legacy kind of game by Steph another career defining, legacy defining game by Steph to put them to night night. And SGA in Canada was forecasted to make a nice little run and they made a run again, right to the toilet.


'cause they stunk, they stunk bad. They were not good. Jamal Murray was horrendous. SGA and Lou dot I mean they were loaded. That Canadian team was good and they, they always are Better waited. They always are. Yeah, my entire adult life for Canada basketball to be a real minted thing. And it's just, it never pans out no matter who's on the roster, they're always quite talented. It's an incredible pipeline of basketball ability and skill and and development. And for whatever reason, they just do not play well in international play. That's why they're not good enough to be our 51st state Rob. Wow. Okay. This is why we keep projecting their resume. Step up Canada, step up. So SGA in 16 playoff games this year, 29.8 points a game.


And I think that even would've been better, but that a lot of these games have been blowouts. He's playing almost three minutes a game. More than three minutes game less than he did last year in the playoffs. He's now at his last 26 playoff games. He's at 30 a game, which, look, the stats are a little skewed. It's a little like late nineties baseball steroids just 'cause the pace is different points are up. But if you're a guard scoring 30 a game for a long sample size, I think that might even go up in the finals and in some of these games, just getting any shots he wants in the biggest moments, it's really, really impressive. It's what he did those first three rounds was as impressive as, I don't know anything I've seen from a two guard in It lasts in, It lasts 25 years, it's up there with any of Kobe's playoff runs.


It's, I I don't wanna put it with the weight oh six. 'cause what Wade did in the finals, especially like, that was just him up by himself. Just willing them. But it's way up there. And I, I don't think he's a finished product yet. Do you Rob? It feels like we still we're like 90% there. He's a different player than he was six weeks ago. Yeah. Like he, his development through these playoffs has been a huge story and part of the reason they're here, his ability to adapt to the variety of defenses that have been thrown at him. Like you would think if you're someone like Shay, you've seen everything, but you kind of haven't until you get into these seven game dog fights over and over against dramatically different teams. I think he's aced kind of all those tests. Like he's had moments where this game in crunch time, maybe I don't love the shot selection this game, maybe the percentages aren't there.


But on balance you just see the line going up and up and up. And from a funder perspective, what more could you ask for than that? There's been some revisionist history house and I, I even might've been guilty on it, on, on this pod a couple times recently. No, just, I think we all like the trade when it happened and now it seems like the worst trade of all time. The Paul George. No, I and they, Shane the picks, but when it happened we were all like, that's amazing. Nobody, the Clippers were dead in the water. This was the way that they could get Kawhi Leonard who had just won the finals MVP for Toronto. And basically they're trading all this stuff for Paul George and Kawhi Leonard and they didn't want the Lakers to get him. And Balmer was an owner for five years and he had to do this to keep the Lakers from getting Kawhi Leonard.


And also like this made them the favorites to win the title in 2020. So they gave up a lot. But I I, to me that it's not as bad as the Durant trade, which I think when they, when the Suns did that one, we were like, man, that's a lot. I get why they did it, but holy shit. And you have no outs now after this trade with the Clippers, it was like they had one one way. Now you could argue should they have played poker with Kauai and just been like, look, we're about, just sign with us. We have all these assets. We're gonna be able to keep building around this and just kind of talk them into it. 'cause it didn't seem like I wanna play with the Lakers, but I don't know, I I that trade, it's easy to say five years after the fact. It's a complete catastrophe.


'cause it is. But I, I think the reasoning behind it was was solid. What do you think House? I thought it was a worthwhile gamble at the time under the circumstances and in the context and you just kind of laid it out. But the, you know, the the real animus there driving animus to driving force was Balmer trying to do something with that franchise. Like Right. We to Invigorate not even reinvigorate them. That's it. Invigorate them. Invigorate. Exactly. Right. And that's fair. Like he, he's the owner, he is the guy with the money and they're trying to do a thing. So they try, they had to pay a price for it. It just turned out that the price exceeded what they imagined and that, that Happened sometimes.


Well, what NJ was turned out to be a oh I think a way better player than anyone expected, even though we all liked them. Sure. Yes. And they also nailed the picks Rob, which like you look at all the picks New Orleans got or nor New Orleans got from the Lakers and it's sometimes you nail the picks, sometimes you don't. Like they took Jaylen Williams at the 12th pick. Yep. Right. And he's the second best player in the team. They tanked for three, four months in to get the Che Holmgren thing, but they also had to get the ping pong balls in the top three, which is house can attest doesn't always work even after you spend the whole year trying to lose, it's a low No, it's true. It's the facts. You know, so there was some luck with them. Yes.


They made an awesome trade and the Jalen Williams pick was great and they were lucky to get in the lottery. They smartly took che, everything they did was super smart. But that trade, you know, I I don't think you can look at it and be like, oh my God, that's the worst trade ever. I would, I would go the other way. I would say that's like one of the best trades ever turning Paul George into all the stuff they got. Sure. All they gave up was Paul George. Yeah. All the stuff they got back. It, it shouldn't be discussed as worst. It should be discussed as best Of incredibly worthwhile gamble for the Thunder, given their circumstance to recoup that for Paul George's amazing. And they, They have to get rid of Russ too. Yeah. Yeah. And, and for the Clippers, I still completely get it. You put yourself back in those circumstances, it still makes sense to me.


Like the premise still makes sense. It's A great trade. I think honestly like that trade has been amazing and we've spent, I would say It lasts maybe 18 months or so debating on and off. Do the thunder need to make some kind of move? Like do, should they cash in some of these picks that they've stockpiled for another player? Is Jalen Williams gonna be a good enough second star? They made the big trade to get Shea and they did not make the big mistake of trading away and disrupting what, as we're saying is clearly a great team is clearly a championship worthy team. Like they invested in that project and they're fucking there. Like they're right there on the precipice of doing everything they set out to do. It's amazing. It's an amazing what if, 'cause if they lost to Denver, like I do think they'd be cashing in some chips maybe.


I mean yeah, The sliding doors for them is what if Aaron Gordon doesn't hurt his groin? I still think they probably win by 20, but I think that Denver team with Healthy Aaron Gordon was Michael Myers and they just were not, you were, you know, I think once Denver fell behind 15 in that game, they kind of knew. And that's been, I think you and I were talking about this today. Has the thing that's special about this OKC team beyond the obvious stuff is they really do break teams during a series and they, but in all three series, the team they're playing against hit a point and you could really feel it in that Minnesota series was 26 to nine and it's like, this game's over, you're not coming back against OKC, their defense is too good.


It's, this is a wrap, you know where it's going and you can kind of feel the energy from Minnesota go sideways. And you know, they had limitations in that. The Conley thing was, I think as the series went on, even, even more disastrous than we could have predicted, but the type of team that should be able to hang with them, unless you have somebody like Yoic is a team that plays like Indiana. I just don't know if they have the horses, but the up and down pace, like let's get into track meet that 1 28 to 1 26 Minnesota game four. That to me is the motto of how the Pacers can hang with them. But there's a reason the KC is minus seven 50 on FanDuel to win the title. Right Now you minus seven 50 house.


That's, that's like the biggest sense y you're talking like Warriors, I don't know, 2018 I am nothing if not a creature of recency bias, you know? Right. In the right, in the, in the kisser. But the Pacers have no chance. They, I this that's a four one series because the thing that OKC did to Minnesota, which was strangle them like a python. Yeah. They'll be up to Indiana when They go all the way up to the free throw line and say, oh, you wanna bring the ball up? Go ahead.


Like, and they, and they, they start like, like, you know, mini trapping, forget it. No chance. They Like, what's interesting is Indiana can do the flip side to kc, it's, it's not like OKC has like a real point guard and you could try to do the same thing, but I just think OKCs defense is better. Rob, who do you think has a better chance from Let's just, I'll give you either side. Nick's Okay, Nicks or Indiana go into the next round? I think There's no question Indiana has a better chance. Okay. Like the, the only way to beat the thunder is to be unbelievably precise with your passing. And you know, you have Tyrese, Halliburton has these amazing 15 assist zero turnover games. Overall.


It's an incredibly low turnover offense. I suspect that would change if they meet in the NBA finals. I think the, the, yeah. Pressure ratcheting up is gonna be a totally different thing. And it speaks to what you mentioned Bill, about the way that the Thunder Break teams, the way that they kind of break your spirit. I think a lot of it is game one. You go in, you think you know what they are, you see it, it's tough. You have to go, okay, we're gonna go back, we're gonna look at the film, we're gonna figure out where the holes are. You look at the film and it's like there kind of are no holes or they're vanishingly small. Yeah. And whatever, however you think playing against the thunder is gonna be, they are so much faster and more frenetic than you anticipate. And so ev like, by the time you get to Game three, it's like, I just don't think there's anything here.


Like, I don't know what the mechanism is. Again, short of as you said, having Nicole Yoic on your team, a guy who can see over the top of that entire defense and try to make 99th percentile passes out of it. Short of that, I, I honestly don't know what you do. That's not to say that they're unbeatable. I just don't know what the formula is. Yeah. They cause turnovers that you see in like an eighth grade basketball game of ju just like that's true. Long Lob passes that just get picked off for done. I'll give you one case for Indiana that I thought was interesting. I looked this up. There's been 10 teams ever that have won 10 playoff games and averaged at least 28 assist a game.


Here are the teams, the 85 Lakers won the title 33.7 assist a game. By the way 82 Lakers won the title 84 Lakers went to a game seven in the finals, 80 Lakers won the title 86. Celtics won the title number six all time Indiana 86 Houston made the finals. 19 Warriors should have won the title, made the finals 87 Lakers won the title and the 17 warriors won the title. Those are 10 teams that did that. And that made me think like maybe this Indiana team's a little more rare offensively than we're giving a credit for and then they stink tonight.


And that stat, that's why I waited 53 minutes to redo that list. It's all ready to lead with that. If they went tonight, Here's the thing, we saw a valiant effort out of Minnesota, you know, last night. They, you you can try and score with Oklahoma City. Yeah. That your best bet is to like score with them. Yeah. Because they go, they go gaps, you know, where, where they're just a little too happy with taking shots that are just like comfortable and they'll go a couple minutes without making a bucket. I mean, Shea can always, always, always get to the lane, get inside the lane and, and you know, get a floater off or get to the, to the rim if he wants to. But Oh, we're, we're old. We've seen a lot of great scores Shea's way getting way up there for me.


He's way up there. He's, I can't believe how easily he gets whatever shot he wants no matter how much the defense is throwing stuff at him. Like, you know, Kobe was more on that Jordan side of, and I think Wade was a little, Wade would just either go to the basket or he would shoot. He didn't have the three point shot. He was so athletic, he could always figure out a way to kind of bounce off people and get in Shea the way he navigates. It's honestly like watching a hockey player the way he kind of skates around until he gets what he wants and then he gets a shot. He wants, well If you're gonna do that, I, I'm gonna say Gretzky, like he, he moves that way. He moves angles. Like he, he, he has shoulder tilts to to to the getting off his stuff where he's avoiding contact and he is, And then the footwork to finish.


And he always finishes, he always finishes the, the whatever the great move was, which most guys, this is Jason Tatum was his biggest issue. He'd have these great moves and he would wouldn't finish half the time Shea finishes every time he Finishes every Time. Crazy good finisher. Like the way he, the his length and the way he extends around the basket is so hard to counter. The midrange game is basically unstoppable no matter what your size is. Like there's not a lot you can do. And you know, you can have the conversation about the way he's officiated, but he also plays through contact to shoot. Yeah. You know, this isn't James Harden pulling up through your arms and throwing the ball literally straight up in the air. Like he's playing two complete plays. Yeah. And he honestly will convert a lot of, and ones or kind of would be or should be and ones in a lot of cases.


Yeah. I don't feel like, when I was complaining a couple times about how he was being called, I don't really blame him for some of the calls. It's just for whatever reason refs gravitate towards certain styles and for him he has that way of when he drives he could throw his left arm out and they usually think it's a foul. Sometimes it isn't. But I don't think that's the reason. I mean to me it's the footwork and just his, the herky jerky stuff. Yes. The stop start, his stop start stuff is the best. I feel like it's even gone up a level in the playoffs. I just have not seen a lot of guys like him. I I really think like this start to finish year for him, they have a chance to go 84 and 18 for a season, which puts them in this whole like, highest possible level of dudes.


And he's just 32 a game night after night. And it's not like, oh, he had that 75 point game that skewed his average. It's every night. It's 32, 38, 31, 35, 37, 29, 39. And it's just the steadiness of it. Especially on a team where you kind of don't know who else is gonna be steady offensively. Like they haven't shot the ball well from three all playoffs Rob. And it hasn't mattered Now. I mean, they'll have select guys who will pop off here and there, but the defense is so good and Shea is so good and I think in enough games, Jalen Williams has been so good. Yeah. That, that triangulated together is enough to be an incredibly dominant, potentially historically dominant playoff team. Like I, I think what you described about Shea being that rock solid as a score.


Like he doesn't have these Tyrese Halliburton games. He doesn't even have the off Jalen Brunson games. Yeah. Where he'll, you know, shoot six for 19 from the field or whatever. Like it's just always gonna be there. And the fact that you could bank on that every night as a team gives you immense freedom to play guys like Alex Caruso and stretch them as far as you can, like relative non-core play. Guys like Lou Dort even more than you would otherwise be able to get away with. Have the odd game from Chet where he, you know, can't quite hit from three and isn't a factor offensively in the way you would want, but who cares because Shaa has 39. Like I think you just have so much you can make up for when you have those two things as your two tent poles, Shaa putting in 30 plus a defense like that, it's incredibly tough to beat.


We say this every time a team, they have it obviously need four more games. But we always say like, you immediately start talking about how long could this go? Could this keep going? How many could they get? This feels like the safest bet to have like two in a row or three in a row since the, let's start with one The Warriors. Let's let's, yeah. Let's It, let's not get too far ahead it, but yeah, Because I still feel like they're probably gonna be better next year. Yeah. Everybody comes back. The only thing I could see changing is if they traded Lou Dort because they had to move some money around, but it's gonna be the same team a year older and not, you know, all of their young stars aren't even close to their primes except for Shea. So we'll see. I'm sure they're licking their chops hoping this Indiana New York game goes seven and and more and more people get or are playing semi.


Andrew, do you have a TV show recommendation for house once basketball ends for five days? I'm sure I'm here. I'm trying to figure it out. You know, everything's ending right now. I think we're about to check out Stick the Owen Wilson golf comedy on Apple, The golf one. I'm, I'm excited for that. I'm, I'm excited to see what's going on with Stick That's Right in my wheelhouse. There we go. We got some stuff next month. The Bear's coming back. Oh Yeah. Can I say out loud that It lasts season of the Bear Bored The shit outta me. I think it was a transition season. It's fine. You definitely can say it out loud. It's also not a show that you was meant to be binged. Yeah. It's a two week to it should be Two House. I have a show for you. I'm listening. It's the, the, the Mormon, the mo the mom talk moms on Hulu, whatever that show is the reality show.


It's called. Oh, it's a reality show. Yeah, it's these mom talk moms. It's not a real housewife show. It's, it's like Mormon, the Mormon something. Let me ask a question that's delicate on live YouTube. No, no, no. Be careful house. How much menopause is involved. Okay. No, they're younger. Ah, they're all like young Mormon women. That's a relief. Okay. Is this The secret Lives of Mormon wives? Is that That's What it is. House. Hey, but wait, are they on Montauk? They're on mom talk. They're mom talk. No, not on Mon, not mon Talk. They're it's, they're called mom talkers. Mom talk. What is that that I was watching with my daughter? This is favorite show Talk mom, TikTok daughters part of TikTok. I'm watching bad television shows like this again, but I know they, there was a swinging scandal house.


Oh, I'm in. That's not a scandal if you're Mormon. Oh shit. Well it was a scandal because you're not allowed to say that. No, well that was the thing. It's, it's, it violated the religion. It also violated some friendships and there was some healing to which religion? The Mormon, like they, you know. Okay, okay. I'm gonna stop there. Some stuff was stop. Just lemme tell you. It's in your wheelhouse. Okay, good, good. Alright, I'm here for it. And then it's episode four. It'd be like, it would be cool if you guys all went on vacation and then played games where you guys got into fights with each other and of course they do that. All right. So anyway, for me and my daughter, it was really, it was really a win all the way around. So that's my recommendation. Mom talkers, is that what it's called? Secret Lives of Mormon something. Okay.


Yeah, there you go. I don't, I don't get the category. Rob from TikTok, I don't know if they're cranking out the Secret live show at Rob's house. Not much Secret Lives, lives of Mormon wives. That's what, that's the title. Secret Wives of Mormon wives. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I Have died inside during this segment. But you know, we, We live on, we're gonna be reborn Tomorrow world. It just gets 40 minutes outta your life. We might not have basketball in two days. That's fair. I remember trying to talk house into Laguna Beach 20 years ago. Mission of didn't to try very hard. Well because he had was already watching it. Didn't really have to bend my arm. Yeah. Alright, Rob Mahoney, are we gonna see you? When are we seeing you on group chat? Well, the Good news is now that we have a Saturday game, we're gonna have a Saturday group chat.


Yes. So There you go. Tune in for us On Saturday night. Let's go, let's go. We'll talk gambling.


Lowe's knows that taking on more projects should be rewarding. That's why loyalty members get more every day with rewards for every home or business purchase plus shop weekly member deals to get access to free standard shipping. So what are you waiting for? Join my Lowe's rewards for free today. Loyalty programs subject to terms and conditions, details at lows.com/terms subject to change.


This episode is brought to you by Workday. There are two kinds of people in the world. Backward thinkers and forward thinkers. Forward thinkers have plans 15 minutes from now and 15 years from now. They're not just one step ahead, they're 1000 steps ahead. And when you're a forward thinker, you need a platform that thinks like you do workdays. AI illuminates decision making and reimagines how you manage your people and money for long term success. Workday moving business forever forward. Find out more@workday.com.


All right. We're recording this part of the podcast. It is late Thursday morning Pacific time. I needed a Massachusetts guy on, it'd been a while. I don't know, I've had had a few over the years, but we got Albert Breer from Sports Illustrated, also haven't talked football in a long time on this podcast. Haven't talked football with you on this podcast ever. And I sent you a text and I said come up with a gimmick. I don't wanna know what it is. Maybe it's a gimmick. Like you're buried in the NBA playoffs stuff's happening in the NFL that you're probably not paying attention to. I'm here to tell you what that is. What gimmick did you come up with? That was actually exactly it, bill. Oh great. I spoiled your gimmick.


That that, that, yeah. You might be buried in the NBA playoffs and so we're gonna get everybody caught up on what's happening in the NFL who hasn't been paying attention. And I got a sneaking suspicion, a couple of these you probably, you probably paid some attention to but I I actually had trouble narrowing it down to five but I, I think I have five we can work with. You could, you Could do an honorable mention at the end if there's a couple you haven't had, I have A couple have couple of honorable mentions like the My Honorable mention. We can do that. Start like Jim Merc's passing. I, I think you know that we should give some, give some mention to that and then Trey Hendrickson's contract situation. I didn't know if that was interesting enough but that's still ongoing then you we'll we'll Save those for the end.


Come thing is come out with a bang first and then we'll save the Honorable Me for late. The other thing is like over, It lasts 48 hours. I did learn what pink cocaine is, so I got that too. So this has been on a few of my Pats fan text threads. Yeah I did. I also did not know what pink cocaine is, but I'm old. Yeah, yeah. Yes. Stefon Diggs already in a, what is it? A yacht scandal? Is it an lio? What is it? I mean I don't know if it would, I mean it's not like it's up there with like the love boat, you know, in Minnesota 20 years ago that that I think still a gold standard. I'd probably put, I'd probably still put this behind like the SS Beckham in Right, in 2016.


Right, right, right before the playoffs. Yeah. But maybe it might be number three in my time covering the NFL as far as boat scandals go. Yeah. Vrabel Pat's coach Mike Vrabel, the new most important coach in my life. Did he was just basically like, we're not talking about this and yada ya it a little bit and we'll see if the story dies. All right. So let's go top five biggest things do first and then we'll do honorable mentions. Okay. So the biggest thing that has happened during the NBA playoffs NFL related that you think I should care about? 'cause I'm paying attention is what The Steelers didn't sign a quarterback. What are they doing?


They are pretty confident that their quarterback's gonna be Aaron Rogers. And I do think that there's like, I I think there's actually some decent reason here for people who want to listen to it. And I, I think this, this, this goes back to like how you manage everything in the spring and, and trying to get their work done. And I I think the logic for both sides here was if he signs April 1st and look, he's got personal stuff he is dealing with, he's traveling and if he signs April 1st and says, okay guys, like I'm gonna go away for the next two months and when I'm back, I'm back. But like, I gotta, I got some personal stuff I gotta attend to. I gotta, I, I'm, I'm, I've, I've got travel planned.


What you're inviting then is then whenever you, you, you start the off season program, you get into OTAs. Anytime the media is there, it's gonna be where's Aaron? Where's Aaron? Where's Aaron? And so I think both sides wanted to avoid that. And so that's part of it. And then I think the other end of it, and this is like to me almost the more interesting thing, I think Aaron was really affected by the way his, his trip to Egypt was covered last year. And so going through all of that We can we, can we go backwards? How was it covered? I don't even remember. Well If you remember, so he skipped the mini kid. The Jets had their mini camp at the end of June or in the middle of June last year at the end of their off season program. And Aaron had been like pretty much a full participant in everything that they'd done up until then.


And then he skipped the mini camp and it was something that they had kind of predetermined he was gonna do. But you know, Sala said to him, okay, like that's fine but I still have to find you and I still have to hold you responsible. And I still have to say like, this isn't an an excused absence 'cause we have to have a standard for everybody. And it became like a two or three week story. And when they hit bumps in the summer and early in the fall, it continued to be a story. And I like the sense I get is that Aaron was frustrated by that and he didn't want to go through that again. So I think part of the logic here for the Steelers for Aaron is just whenever you're in, you're all in, but not until then.


And so I, I think the logic here between the Steelers and Aaron is like, okay, like once you show up, like we need all of you bud. We need you, we need you all the way here. And so Aaron's taking care of everything he needs to take care of now and, and, and when he shows up, I do think he'll be all in. And you know, again, I think a huge part of this is marked by what happened with the Jets last year. Can I recap your seemingly logical explanation? Yeah. So Aaron Rogers was upset that when he left the team to go to Egypt during a time when all of his teammates were actually around and accountable to play for the Jets, that people covered that like it was a news story because he was the quarterback of the most famous person in the team and he didn't like how that played out because It was his news story.


Yeah. So he didn't like that a news story was a news story and now he is doing this, I don't know what I'm doing yet. But then he's also showing up on Pat McAfee just a pining on stuff and kind of doing whatever he wants. Like if I'm on the Steelers and I thought this guy, I, I thought Rogers was, didn't wanna get hit anymore last year. Right. I don't know how you felt. Did you feel like he wanted to get hit anymore because I didn't. So I think that there's an element of that, but I think if you go back and you watch, you see pieces of it. Like I, I'm telling you just pull up like a 10 minute highlight of their game against the Jaguars, which nobody watched 'cause it was the Jets and the Jaguars at the end of the season. But if you pull up like a 10 minute YouTube highlight of that game at the end of December, you'll see it's like all still there.


You'll be like, wow. Like that looks like Aaron Rodgers in 2011. You know, I mean I I didn't realize he was able to pull that off against the Tanking Jaguars. Yeah. But it does look good. I'm just telling you like, like I understand. But like there were some real, there was like some high level shit in that game. Okay. And that he and Devonte Adams, they, they, it, it, it, it's really, it's it's all there, you know? So, you know, I I think, I think what's maybe most interesting about this whole thing to me is where the Steelers are and that they are so leveraged for right now TJ Watt wants a new contract. He's turning 31 Mka Fitzpatrick's turning 29. I mean, cam Hayward isn't on the back nine.


He's, I mean basically walking to the clubhouse now, like he, this is probably his last shot. They trade for DK Metcalf who's a third contract guy and has had some injury issues. Like it's really, I mean this is a team. Like if this group's gonna win, it sort of has to be right now. And so, you know, I think a big part of, you know, the Steeler's logic and I felt like all along, like they were gonna be a contender for whatever big name quarterback became available is Kirk Cousins is swing for the fences. I mean I've been waiting on that one by the way. Yeah. And like to, to me, like that's the thing with Kirk, it's like Kirk is like more, you may be more likely to hit a double with Kirk and less likely to hit a home run, if that makes sense.


You know, where with Aaron maybe you're more likely to strike out, but at least you're swinging for the, is when you've been really average at that position since Ben Roethlisberger retired. So you're basically only in the torn Achilles recovery old quarterback business at this point of previous Steelers. I mean, what else was available though? I mean, if it wasn't gonna be Stafford, right? Like, and I think Stafford was the most logical answer for a lot of different teams, you know? Yeah. And the Raiders and Giants were really in that one. The Steelers dipped their toe in it. I like, there just aren't that many options, you know, so it, it was a bad year to be looking at quarterback in the draft, especially, you know, if you didn't have the first overall pick and the veteran options again, like there were a lot of, I mean the Rams, when the Rams when when the Rams made the offer they did to Stafford, you know, back in March it was with it in the back of their head, this guy doesn't wanna leave Los Angeles and this guy doesn't wanna Yeah.


Play for anybody but Sean I Know the feeling And the Giants and the Giants had the Yeah. And the Giants had the same, the Giants had the same like sort of thing in the backs of their head as they were, as they were pursuing 'em Raiders too. It was like, yeah, we're really going after this, but this guy's gonna wind up back in LA. So, you know, if you take Stafford off the table, then it really is it's cousins. It's, it's, it's, it's Rogers. And then, I mean now after that you're talking about getting into like Joe Flacco territory. There just wasn't a lot out there. So just all, all probably washed up guys. Right? So the Steelers died in, It lasts month of the season and one of the people, one of the thing, one of the reasons they died is TJ Watt died as the season went along and It lasts, I don't know, 40, 35, 40% of his season.


He just didn't seem disruptive anymore. And I know they, you know, maybe under the, under the radar blaming ru the Russell Wilson thing got weird team wasn't that to begin with, the schedule got really unfavorable for them down the stretch, et cetera, et cetera. But like I'm looking at FanDuel and they are over eight and a half wins. Yeah. Which with to, and the Tom and era for me is just a blind, I don't even have to look at that checking it just go, that's plus 1 25 on FanDuel. 'cause all the action has been on the under, which is now minus 1 45. I don't how much, How much, that's just because Mason Rudolph's the quarterback right now.


But could it also be what happened to them in It lasts month, It lasts season. And the fact that yeah, you could point to a couple a FC teams and go, well that team's gonna be, the pats are gonna be better, the jets are gonna be better. They're in the same thing with the Ravens, the Bengals. They might fix their defense. We'll see with Hendrickson, yeah. The Browns might actually have a little more stability at quarterback. A FC South is gonna be better except for Houston. You go on through and it's like, maybe this is gonna run out this year. I, I'm just starting my homework. And it makes, they make me nervous. They're, they're so, like, I, I would, you know, I would say like their, their offensive line should be a lot better. Like, and they've, they've actually drafted, okay, if Troy Fatou, you know, works out for them at tackle, you know, they've got Broderick Jones has two first round picks at tackle.


They should be as strong. Zach Frazier might be the best young center in football. Like they, they have a chance to have the best offensive line they've had in over a decade. And then if DK Metcalf comes through, and I know I'm talking a lot of ifs here, right? Like if DK Metcalf comes through, if TJ Watt is himself again, if Mka Fitzpatrick, If Aaron Rogers is still alive, Right? So like there's all of these ifs, but if, but if you're them, like what's your other choice? You know what I mean? It's either, it was either this like take this big swing at quarterback and try to get it right and try to squeeze a championship run out of this core that you've had together for It lasts few years or blow it up. And like, that's why I look at this is like, that's, it's a, it's the one team where you look at it and I was like, that's a team that like, that's a really worthy swing because now at least like you're taking that swing with TJ Watt and Fitzpatrick and like some really great players that they've had there for a long time.


I don't, I don't mind the swing if I'm the Steelers and, and look like, I think people there would tell you that the Russell Wilson thing undermined so many things in It lasts month of the season. And that a lot of that building really wanted them to go back to Justin Fields. Hmm. And it was, it was something where, I mean, Tomlin was kind of again, all on his own on that one. And I think it's part of the reason why it Tomlin likes Shado. Like, like he likes Shado going into the draft. But I don't think Tomlin wanted to, I I don't, I don't think he wanted to like press that button again a quarterback after what happened with Russell at the end of the year last year.


So there's some dynamics there where it's like, I mean there's some stuff that happened at the end of the year in games where it was just like, man, like if we were just like average at that position or we were just running the running things as they were supposed to be run, we might've been okay. Yeah. And like, so I think their thought is if we can get like 80, 85% of what Aaron Rogers was three years ago, like we might have a Super Bowl team, which you can argue whether they would or not, but I think when you, when if you're them and you're looking at it with this group of players that you've had for It lasts few years and this might be your last shot before you really like go through like a, a real reset, then it's worth taking that swing.


Well philosophically they just feel like they're one of the teams that have decided it doesn't make sense to spend a lot of money at quarterback unless the guy's awesome. Yeah. And we can patch this together, put together the rest of the team around and try to get to 10, 11 wins every year and then hope we can cross our fingers. Here's the issue for them. I mean, if, if I asked you on FanDuel right now, who had better odds to make the playoffs, the Patriots or the Steelers, who would you say? Well, because you're asking me. I know it's the Patriots. Yeah. I probably could have framed that better. I should be better at this after 19 years. Yeah. The Patriots are plus 1 58, the dealers are plus 1 64. Now a lot of that has to do with this schedule.


This schedule the Patriots have is it's comical. Yeah. Like you're like, is this real? Where are they? Oh, there's Buffalo. Okay, there's, but you go through it and it's like they're favored apparently In 11 games. I think it's, I think it's 13 of the 17 right now. Or 12, something like that Anyway. Yeah, well we'll see with Pittsburgh. All right. What's your number two thing? So my number two thing, the Cowboys a year after Jerry Jones famously used the phrase All In actually pulled an all in move and traded for George Pickens. And this one is really interesting to me because they're another team where like what all the things you said about the Steelers, I think sort of apply to the Cowboys, right? Like is this group that they have right now going to be good enough?


And like is there something that you can do to try to put that group over the top? And so I think the answer was like, we gotta get Dak Prescott some more help. And so that when they went into the draft, they looked at it like, we either wanna come out with a come out of this with a lineman or a, or a receiver. And I think if Ted Row and McMillan who went eighth to the Panthers made it to 12. Yeah. Like maybe that would've been a consideration. But they were sort of looking at it as this mosaic. It's like, well we still have, there were, I think there were a handful of receivers they were considering in trade veteran receivers that they had studied and they had talked to teams about. And so McMillan's gone, they like Tyler Booker, they just lost Zach Martin, they draft Tyler Booker and then on the back end they go and make the deal for George Pickens.


Which here's the most interesting thing about it to me, I'm cracking my neck as we get ready for this discussion. This is, this is so, so, so this one, this one. So the reason, one of the main reasons the Steelers got rid of George Pickens is because like the, the issues with him a lot of times have come out, come down to his role in the offense, the direction of the offense and how much he's getting the ball, which is normal with a lot of receivers. He is very over the top with it, which makes him worse than most with it when it comes to that stuff. And so when they traded for DK METCO Met Metcalf, the thing was, it was like he plays the same position, not that, not the, the just receivers the same receiver spot, That same running a straight line down the sideline Position, the X receiver position, right?


Yeah. So they're both X receivers. Okay. So Now you gotta figure out a way to play them together. And now George Pickens is in a contract year. So do you think if he goes through a two or a three or a four week stretch in the middle of October with say three catches and is he gonna be okay with that just because we got another receiver? Is He gonna be also, as we discussed earlier, the quarterback situation might not be to George's liking, Right? So to say The least. So is he gonna be okay? Is he gonna be okay with, if he wasn't okay with it before now in a contract year with a hundred million dollars on the line, is he suddenly gonna be okay with No, that's fine.


I'm okay with DK Metcalfs on the team now. Okay. So like that's part of the logic for the Steelers and moving off of him and saying we're gonna be better off with Calvin Austin and Roman Wilson and whoever else. Well, can I interject one thing here? Now here's the thing. When he, but when he started the Thursday night, that last play of the game against the Browns Yeah. When instead of trying to go for the Hail Mary, he just chose to get in a fight with the D back that he'd been win to get in a fight with for an hour. Yeah. That To me is like, it's the beginning of the end, at least with George and Pittsburgh. Sure. That was such a weird Play. So there's, so there's that, but like, and there's the lack of effort blocking sometimes all of that, right? Like so like that all exists. Okay. So if if that, if that, that whole thing was gonna be the bo be be it, be it be a problem in a contract year in Pittsburgh, who's one of the highest volume receivers in football as far as targets go, Well CD Lamb, Right?


So like is this now gonna be okay with him again, he's in a new place, he's with new offensive coaches who are in their first year truly running the offense. 'cause Mike McCarthy's gone now and he's not getting the ball with all that money on the line. Is he suddenly gonna be okay with that? Like that's so You don't think they're gonna take care of him as part of this deal? 'cause that was my assumption That not right now they're not, I mean they're gonna see how it goes. And, and like I said, like everything, everything's gonna be in May and June. Like, like it's all, it's really easy for everybody to have their arms around each other and say this is all gonna work out May and June. It's a little different to, to project these things in September and October. They still have the Micah Parsons thing floating around out there too.


Like, and I, and I know like one thing that they had sort of discussed with, with George and his people was are you comfortable going into the year without a new contract? And the answer was yes. Oh sure. And so like final if they go into the year. So like, but you can look at that both ways, right? Like is it, are you gonna get a super motivated guy who's gonna be out to prove to everybody he's team first? Maybe I think the people in Pittsburgh would tell you what might be more likely is if he's not getting the ball a month or two into the season, you could have a problem. So that's sort of like the, we also Have a, we have a 30 year, maybe even longer sample size with receivers like this who aren't getting paid or aren't getting the contracts they want, they aren't getting the ball enough and kind of how that's gonna go.


I just, to me, like from afar Yeah, It's just like a typical Jared Jones move, but it's a, it's another shiny new toy. It's like when, when the bark box comes from my dog every month. Yeah. And it's like, hey, it's a newspaper that's a squeaky toy and my dog will be excited about it for 20 minutes and then moves on to the next thing. Yeah. That's how he's been in free agency almost every year. Yeah. I thought they, I mean, running back to me was a way more important. They, the running backs murdered them last year. They addressed that too. The offensive line isn't close to where it used to be. Yeah. And I, I don't see any scenario where they're one of the top two teams in the NFC East. Yeah. So you're just going into a season knowing you're number three and maybe even worse if the Giants are a little bit better right away than people think.


So I don't, I do not feel good if I'm Dallas. Yeah. And and that division, by the way, you've seen the schedule for that division. They're playing the NFC North and the A FC West. So Brutal. Yeah. It's the worst one of all the schedules. Yeah. Yeah. So, so I mean it's gonna be really interesting and I think a lot of it for them is counting on Brian Schottenheimer as a culture builder that he'll be able to build the right environment. But oh yeah, That'll go great. I I I always go back, but I always go back to like, I, I don't like the idea of like the, the the receiver that the Steelers that Mike Tomlin is ready to get rid of. Like the history of that's not great. You know, like true when, when Mike Tomlin, I mean back in 20 15, 20 16, like did anybody think of like Antonio Brown and Levion Bell as bad guys?


It wasn't until they were gone really, you know, or disruptive In Some way. They got disruptive at the end. Like Bell got disruptive at the end. But it's shit generally when, when, when the Steelers are ready to walk away from a guy for those sorts of reasons or a guy who has that sort of background, generally it doesn't work out for the next team that gets 'em. Dallas is, you could get and they're over under eight and a half playoffs, not looking great. I I, I'm I'm down on them. What's your third thing? Derek Carr retired, which I feel like this maybe 'cause it happened on a Saturday, kind of like flew under the radar, you know what I mean? Like, but it's one of a number of quarterback situations.


I kind of grouped this together. This is cheating a little bit by me, but the Saints, the Vikings, the Browns, like I, there are, it feels like a few teams where the quarterback situations are gonna be really interesting and Or Mac Cobb what's, what's the, or or Grizzly, I don't know what the right yeah. Adjective is, but there's gonna be some tough ones. I mean, and I throw the Vik, I'm hesitant to throw the Vikings in there. Don't Be hesitant. What we don't know if JJ McCarthy ever go off the toward ACL l is gonna be good and Who knows. And the reason, the reason I throw 'em in there with the other two is 'cause the expectations are so high there. Like if you're a player on that team that's a 14 win team last year, like that's not the type of team that like can throw the year overboard in the name of quarterback development.


So, you know, what does that look like? And you know, I, I know like JJ fought through a lot last year. He lost a lot of weight. Like, and he had a lot of ups and downs like coming back from that injury and you know, obviously had the second follow up surgery is more of a cleanup. He's in a much better place right now and I don't think there's a better place in the league for a young quarterback to be, especially because of what they did with their offensive line and signing Ryan and Kelly and Will fries and drafting Donovan Jackson and Yeah. You know, getting Christian Desaw back. Obviously it'll help a lot. But the Vikings are the one where I look at it and it's like, so much is gonna hinge. I mean that could be a Super Bowl team if JJ McCarthy has a great year or the quarterback position could really hold them back.


Well plus Especially you had cousins for a few years there, who regardless of how you feel about him, was still a, a significantly above average quarterback. Yeah. Well then you get for four months last year who was excellent and Now you have a new guy who God only knows coming off ACL. Yeah. So like I look at those three teams like I the Saints to me, I mean like Tyler Shuck, Spencer Rattler, I mean Jake Hander's hurt now. Well can you explain the salary cap piece of it? 'cause wasn't it in a weird way a great thing that Derek Carr retired? Because I think the Saints were gonna suck either way. So isn't doesn't that help them? It was one of the more bizarre endings to a career. I've, I've I've seen 20 years covering this. I mean it started with, if you go back to the end of the season, like I think like Kellen Moore committed, but didn't really commit to Carr as the starter in in the, in the, the, the, the, the introductory press conference then yeah, there were some whispers that Carr wanted to trade and some teams sniffed around that.


They Sniffed around and it smelled like sewage. They were like, oh. And, and, and, and then there was, and then there was, well car wants a raise because Yeah. To affirm like, this is my team then Oh yeah, we gotta we gotta confirm that it was so good. It lasts two years, let's after let's give him the car keys after. Then after that, then after that they convert his contract, which basically means he's on the team without really consulting with them, which they can do. It's a contract mechanism, but it basically locked them in where it converted. It took like basically, you know, 95% of his, 98% of his salary and turned it into a signing bonus. So they f themselves for this season with how they did that because they didn't think this season was gonna go on.


They Yeah, they had that and that restructures that, that, that restructure pushes the cap money forward. But it basically locks 'em in with the team now. Yeah. Where this, where they are saved by this is that they, they, they don't have to spend that money now. Now they, they sunk a $10 million roster bonus into him and part of the separation agreement is he gets to keep the $10 million roster bonus. But, so It's a buyout. Yeah, for the most part. And now, and now they move on and we'll see, I mean, Tyler Schuck was in college for seven years. He was at four different schools. I've actually, I I I, I've, I've heard he has, I think it's four degrees, which is pretty wild. But like he was, he was Justin Herbert's backup for two years at Oregon, which is, which gives you an idea how old, how how old he is.


And then you have him competing with Spencer Rattler and you know, you see where that goes. And that looks like, is this a full bad, is this a full reset year for them where they're in the mix for one of the quarterbacks next year? You know, obviously there's a quarterback who could be in the draft. I don't think he will be in the draft, but a quarterback who could be in the draft next year with a very famous last name that has ties to that organization. Wouldn't you say that's the number one? I could see them tanking once we get to November NFL team that we have. I can't even think of another one. It might be, that would be a bigger suspect might Be. Yeah, I mean, like they, I'd have to think about that one. I mean, I, I, I don't know how many teams there are that are like, just outright in that position, need a quarterback might wind up being in that position where they're not very good and you never know, like the way these things are gonna, gonna gonna play out.


And Kellen Moore is a first year coach, obviously can't afford for them. It's, it's hard for him to, They're the number one because like even if you look at a team like Tennessee, they just got their quarterback, right. So it's not like they'd be like, oh, I hope we suck. Carolina has a quarterback. Chicago as a quarterback. Cleveland would be the only other one. Right. Vegas Should be competitive. I think more competitive with Gino as a quarterback. So yeah. I mean, Cleveland would be the other one if that thing crashes and burns. They just took two. Yeah. Yeah. The only other one I can think of is the Colts. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's Probably an a FC South team that will be, have the number one pick next year would be my guess. The Colts have the Colts. Could the Colts.


The Colts are interesting. 'cause that could be, I mean, obviously with, with new people, with a new owner, a new principal owner in charge. Yeah. And then like the GM has been there now for, Chris Ballard's been there for, this'll be his ninth year there and they really haven't accomplished a ton. If he's in trouble, then maybe the coach is in trouble. It could, if things get off to a bad start there, it could get messy in a hurry. He's good at telling everybody how well he's doing though, Chris Bauer. It's going great. He, he, he seems like a lot of people love him. Yeah. And every year it's like a victory lap about how good their drafter for HC was. It's, and then, you know. Yeah. It's hard. 'cause like, I mean like they, it, it really, while luck was still a quarterback, it looked like it was really going in a great direction and then, you know, you have the surprise retirement.


Yeah. Two years ago, seven Years ago. Gone there. And that was, that's the thing is like, it had been a crutch for a while and it can't be a crutch anymore. Yeah. It's been way too long. No, you look at that division because I think Houston's, I really liked Houston last year. Last Year. So Houston's my not enough. I make Them, they make me really nervous. Right. Not enough people are talking about how I think Houston could bounce back in a really big way. Oh. Make the case. So like, I think Houston, I think Houston's got a top five defense and I think with the level of like, like the young core players like Will Anderson and Derek Stingley and you know, they bring Danil Hunter back and they've got like a lot of nice ancillary pieces on defense too.


Really good coach. They've got, they they've they've got the defense. Yeah. They've got the defense where they want it. And part of the reason they traded Laramie tonsil was 'cause they felt like the, the culture in their offensive line room was broken and that they weren't able to kind of match like the culture they built on defense, on offense. Interesting. And so they trade Laramie tonsil, they bring in a million different tackles to try and fix it. They draft the kid from Minnesota, they bring in Trent Brown and Cam Robinson. They just throw a bunch of darts to tackle. They bring in a new offensive coordinator from the Rams and Nick Kaley. And they take Two wide receivers from the same college. Right. Who I think have a chance to be really, like if you look at the history from that school, like a lot of guys from that school come in and produce right away.


So it wouldn't shock me like, as like complimentary pieces to, to Nico Collins if those guys are playing pretty well right away. And you have CJ Stroud, I, I look at it and I'm like, a lot of people have totally forgotten about them. I think they have an elite defense. And if your problem is offense and you've got CJ Stroud to build around and you're bringing in a coordinator from the Rams Yeah. Who I think is really capable and has both like the Josh McDaniels and Sean McVeigh background and you play in a weak division and like as much as people thought they were not the same last year, they were down by one point going into the fourth quarter, the divisional rounded arrowhead.


I was just gonna, I was gonna say that. Yeah. That, well that chiefs game is the best case for that. They're actually gonna be good this year. Right. And they're a little, little closer than people think. The other case would be the division. Right. Right. So like, like it's, I think we look at it like it was broken 'cause our expectations were so high after CJ's rookie year, deco's first year. And I'm, I, I just don't know that teams are looking at that. Like, I don't know if people are looking at that team enough and saying, you know what, like there's still a lot of like really good stuff in place here. And if the young quarterback bounces backwards, CJ was doing incredibly high level shit in 23, like that could be a dangerous team. Now do they break into the Buffalo, Baltimore, Kansas City?


Do they break into to to to that tier? You know, Cincinnati could get back into that tier. Like, maybe, maybe not. But I, I think they're like, if you look at like the, the teams in the A FC, like they may have the best chance to do it of the, of the teams that are right below that. So the division odds, do you know what their odds are? That Division gotta, it's gotta be an overwhelming favorite. Right. So that's What I thought too. Went to FanDuel. They're plus one 15 to win the a FFC South. I don't know who else you would bet in the, a FFC south unless you wanted to really talk herself into Jacksonville. I was gonna say, is there like a lot of belief in James Gladstone and, and Liam Cohen now? I don't know. Or, Or is there belief that that trade might, we actually might be like, wow, Travis Hunter's like pretty good, but holy shit, they gave up a lot for that guy.


Yeah. He's not jumping outta my tv. I can't wait to watch him, but I just, me neither. I I think Jacksonville's problem, like under It lasts regime. You know, the, and and this is where I think like there's some cleaning up that needs to be done. Yeah. Is like, they paid a lot of good players, great money. Like there are guys there, there are guys in that roster that they paid like their franchise players when they're just pretty good and, you know, so would You put Trevor Lawrence on that list? 'cause I would, I mean, you, You could, you could, I think, you know, they, they pay Walker a little to play left tackle after he played for like 15 minutes for them. Right? Yeah. Tyson Campbell at Corner, I mean Christian Kirk is gone. But I think he'd be another example of that. Right. You know, like there was just a lot of examples of like, I mean you could even, you could even like argue that that that Walker is one of those guys, you know what I mean?


Like, so like are they just, do they just have like a collection of pretty good players and they don't have like the types of, they don't have, like Houston has, will Andrew, like I said, will and yeah, Derek Stingley, Nico Collins, CJ Stroud, I mean they Have an identity at least. Right. Like how many players on Houston's roster? Like if you rank the two rosters, Houston and Jacksonville, how many Texans would you have to go through to get to the first Jaguar? Oof. You know, Good point. All right, well I sidetracked it. You have two more on your list. Yep. So number four, Caleb Williams is in the news again. And this is an excerpt from I think our mutual friend Seth Wickersham book. Yeah. And it was for those who missed it before the 2024 draft, he and his dad had looked at the idea of, he and his dad had looked at the idea of forcing their way out.


I guess what you would call it is pulling an Eli High and had their eyes on the Vikings. And the Vikings had actually researched Caleb too. That was the, that was of course the, the draft they took JJ McCarthy in. So like this has become like a little bit of like a firestorm in Chicago. And I think it's sort of, I think the first signal of like, what's to come for Caleb there? And I, I think he is such a high end talent. Like when you Wait, when you say what's to come, you mean venom and disappointment and well Just No, like, just, just the level of like the training wheels are off now, the excuses are gone. Oh, the, from a scrutiny standpoint. Yeah. Like, like now it's like you have to start playing.


Well, yeah. You know, we've seen the year two jump. I mean this might get you excited about Drake too, but we've seen the year two jump where I Can't get more excited. I mean, I mean, but you look at it like Patrick Mahomes, MVP of the league his second year, Lamar Jackson, MVP of the league, his second year. Joe Burroughs in the, in the Super Bowl in his second year, Josh Allen 10 wins. And in the playoffs in his second year, Drake May is gonna be in his second year. And so, and so like you look at all this, right? Like, and so like, is is Caleb gonna take that step? And I think, I think this is like a, like this, this is a scrutiny that Caleb's gonna be under because they fixed so many things. They drafted Colston Loveland 10th overall Luther Bird with their second pick.


They traded for Joe Toy and Jonah Jackson to play guard. They signed Drew Dalman from Atlanta to play center. They hired Ben Johnson, which is a huge part of it. Yeah. They've removed every excuse he had coaching. Right. Offensive line weapons, whatever. See he has everything now. He has. And, and, and you look at it and it's like this is a, this now looks like they should be able to get a very clean read on what Caleb can be. Yeah. And it was interesting 'cause I did a little reporting on this last week where, you know, I kind of like asked around like, you know, what they've been working on with Caleb and the stuff that they've been working on was really how you carry yourself as a franchise quarterback and how you, and how you have to like the command that you have to have to be a franchise quarterback.


And you know, a couple of the examples that were brought up to me, they watched tape of him taking sacks and how long it took for him to come off the ground. And basically the point they were trying to make to him was, last year was a tough year. We understand your offensive coordinator gets fired, then your head coach gets fired. Your offensive line wasn't very good. We get it. It's like, but if you're lying on the ground, you know, for an extended period of time, you're not picking yourself up off the ground that's gonna resonate with the rest of the team. That's the sort of thing that's gonna la And so it's like you need to be, you need to be popping up off the ground after hits. Did they show them Drake, show him Drake May tapes of him popping off the ground during his hundred and 26 Probably be a good, probably gonna be a good example.


Yeah. Another thing they said, but they showed, they showed tape like early in the game of him and the motion's coming from the right and he is looking to the left. And so like, there's little things as far as like command. Like we want you to be the commander of the offense. And so like so much of what they're doing right now is we're trying to make you the guy and we're gonna give you every tool to make you the guy. And we're gonna tell you how you have to carry yourself as the guy. And so, you know, I, but you know what Though, this Is gonna take a big jump. This is why we spend so much time talking about this position because what works and doesn't work is so complicated and has so many different factors in it. And all the stuff you're talking about is what I believe in the quarterback position.


It's not just about your arm strength. Can you move around? Like you really, you're a leader of men. You're, you have to be the most charismatic guy on the team. You have to make those guys believe in you for, you know, 12 months a year. And the guys that fail are always the guys that fail that test. I I, I remember Brady saying, I remember talking to Brady about this way back when I was covering the Patriots, by The way, who, and Brady put the most thought into this outta anybody, but go ahead. And He, yeah. And he said to me, the only way I can show my toughness is availability. The, that's the only way I can at that position, the only way I can in this tough, in this this game where everyone's tough. It's like the only way I can prove my toughness to the guys who are really out there in the trenches is to be available and to be the first one into the huddle and to be the first one up and to be available to them.


And I think that was sort of the point with like, you have to be the first one to pick yourself up off the, off the ground too. 'cause no matter how hard you got hit, someone's probably hurting worse than you are out there on that field. And like, even like the thing about the motion, right? Like is it gonna be like that guy who's coming that receiver who's coming in motion right from your right and you're looking left, is that guy gonna follow you after that happens? You know what I mean? Like, or he is he gonna see that and say, what, what is this kid doing? You know? Yeah. So it's little stuff like that that I think they're trying to do to empower Caleb. And that's Really interesting. Yeah. And so I think like, it, it, it's, it's just, I think that stuff is really, they're trying to kind of empower him to be the leader there.


And I even think like the way he handled the, the, the, the, the backlash of the Seth thing, I think it was yesterday. He stood up there and he just, he stood in front of the, the, the, the, the, the media and said like, look like he, he took, took the bullet for it. He said, look, like when, when I was coming out, me and my dad were looking at everything. My dad, you know, as any parent would was like just, we were just investigating all of our avenues. Once we came and visited the Bears and we got to know the organization, we felt differently about it. But of course we looked at the history of it and it was, to me it was like he could have hid from that. You know what I mean? Like, and he could have just said, I'm not talking about it's in the past, but the only way to kill that story is to stand up there and, and answer the question.


So I thought that was a pretty good sign for maybe him maturing a little bit and growing into the leadership role for, I mean what's, I mean, one of the most, I mean that market for football, like that's one of the, the more pressure packed markets in the league. Yeah. Certainly among the hungriest. Yeah. If the story's true, admit it's true and then nobody's gonna talk about it anymore. Yeah. It's funny though that a lot of the stuff heading toward that draft when people were trying to say what they were concerned about with them and nobody could fully articulate it and then the way this story blew up over It lasts month. It's like, it's kind of what we're talking about. We know you have the talent. There's more to that position than just talent. Are you gonna figure out, out that part and Yeah. And that's it. I mean even Anthony Edwards was taking shit during this OKC series about people that didn't like how he handled the game five loss.


They didn't like that he disappeared a little bit in game four. And it's like, there's just a different spotlight. There's how you're getting picked apart when you become the guy. And that's part of how it goes. It's funny you mentioned the, the getting yourself up fasting. 'cause there's a social media video of all the hits Brady took, especially early in his career, which were, there's one, I think it's the Colts he's running, he's scrambling on the right sideline and just doesn't see somebody and he just gets like annihilated like it's a video game. Yeah. And he gets right up like that. But I, he was always passionate about that, which was what was so scary about the ACL injury, remember? 'cause he didn't get up that time. It's like, oh, this is bad. He's not getting up. You know, sometimes you pick up things on these things covering him in really stupid ways.


And this is one example for me. So, you know, when I was, when, when I was covering the Patriots, when I was in the beat, you know, my roommate's one of my best friends from college and he was coaching, he was a limited earnings coach at Northeastern before they dropped football. And we were living in the north end. And so like he and I would would talk about all these things and I remember him like, it was, it was awesome. Like, you know, when I, when I watch football with him, like he would actually come and, and watch with me when I would like watch the Patriots games over again. And he said, you know what the difference with Brady is? And I'm like, no, what, what would you say it is? It's like, it's that he lets the plays develop. It's like it, you watch other quarterbacks, they get rid of the ball. He is so willing to take the hit.


And this was before the ACL, right? Yeah. But he is legitimately like watching him, he was saying to me, he is like, he is legitimately giving the receivers an extra second to get open. He is giving everything an extra second to develop because he's willing to take a hit that the other quarterback won't. You know? And I thought that was such an interesting piece of insight and I think it matches up with what you're trying to say on Brady. And I think that the guys, the guys recognized that too. You know what I mean? Like the receivers recognized that too. The guys who, 'cause that's gonna help them out. That was the amazing thing about Drake may last year. Yeah. He was always willing to hold the ball for an extra second to the point where we're like, dude, we're gonna go three and 14. Like maybe just get rid of the ball.


But he didn't want to. And I think that speaks to what you were talking about The concussion at the end of the year. Well, where he abounds. Yeah. Yeah. But also, like Rogers last year, I didn't feel like he wanted to keep the ball. I thought he wanted to get rid of it. I don't think he wanted to take hits last year. What's your fifth thing? So I was, I I had like tush push here, but I'm so freaking sick of talking about that. Yeah, please. I'm, I'm done with it. I did. Well I, I will say I did love the Eagles owner getting all agro about it. I like when those guys get agro in those meetings and he really seemed like he was like challenging the manhood of all the other owners, which was like hilarious how we approached it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I I think, you know, like calling the other owners a teenager was, was, was an interesting, interesting strategy to take.


I I think, I actually think the bigger thing to come out of that meeting is the discussion on the play mat playoff format changing and The Oh, let's fucking go. I was hoping you'd bring this up. And so like, I don't think enough people are talking about this. When they first brought it up in the meeting in, in March, they had, they, they had probably five or six votes. So for people who don't know you need 24. Well you gotta explain what the, what the big tweak they wanted to do was, so They wanted, they wanted, they wanted, they, so you still get in the playoffs automatically if you win your division, but they want open. But the lions proposed open seating more or less. It would mean everything like, you know, you're seated purely by record.


But the genesis of this explain the Vikings week 18 thing because that's, that's where this really starts. So I like, so yes, the Vikings, the Vikings and week 18 were in a war with the Lions. They, they lose their 14 wins and now they gotta go on the plane. It's, it's the most violent game of the year basically. Right. And they gotta go on the road in week in, in, in the wild card round and play a Rams team that rested everybody in in week 18. And I and lost what, four le four more games than the Viking team. And like, I think they had 10, I think they had 10 win. They were 10 and seven. Yeah. So they were four games worse. But I think the nuance to this is that people think this is about fairness for the league and it's not.


It's about games in week 17 and week 18 being compelling. And the Rams are actually the example of why the Rams are what scare what what the, what the Rams did scares the league because the Rams didn't have nothing to play for in week 18. If you remember, they could have played to avoid the Vikings, like they could have been the third seed or the fourth seed. Sean McVay makes the conscious decision. It's more important that my guys get the rest then played for the third seat. So I'm gonna sit everybody down, they lose the Seahawks. I was on this podcast saying I couldn't believe they were playing this this way. Yeah. How would you wanna have, like, this is nuts. You're gonna end up playing the Vikings or the Lions. That's crazy.


Why would you wanna do that? So that scares the league because it paid off and because Now you have a team and, and the NFL, they're very cognizant of what's happening in the NBA and they look at each, each of the 272 games as pieces of real estate that they can sell. So are we making those pieces of real estate as valuable as we possibly can? If you have the, the format they have now I think is fair in a lot of ways because of the scheduling formula and the way that works. But you have these games at the end of the season now, like where it's like, screw it. Like we'd rather get the rest and, But how does this, how does the 18 game season tie into this and That? And that's what I was gonna say is like the, this is like, so they're projecting it forward and they're saying this is gonna get worse, right?


Like it just worked for the Rams and this now is going to get worse if, if we don't do something about it. And so if they have open seating, like there will be more to play, play for at the end of the year. The problem is the scheduling formula in the NFL, you only play 14 teams over the course of a year. Of course you play your, you know, you know, three teams in your division twice and you only play teams in your conference. You only play 11 teams in your conference. So the schedules are so wildly different. And I use the example of like the NFC East, right? Like, so the NFC east plays the NFC north and the A FC West this year, the NFC west plays the two south divisions.


So I mean, you could argue an 11 win season by the Eagles is more impressive this year than a 13 win season by the Niners, right? Yeah. The Niners have, the niners have, have played eight games against those two south divisions. So It's the reason the Niners over under is like three wins higher than it seems like it should have been because their schedule is ridiculous is a a joke. It's, yeah. Yeah. And so like you had the, the Ram COO Kevin Moff stood up in this meeting, you know, last week and basically said to the room, guys, we need to decide what we're trying to do here. Are we trying to be fair or are we trying to make the games at the end of the season more compelling?


And that led to like more big picture talk where I think the scheduling formula is gonna come under some scrutiny. Are we doing this right? And I I think the scheduling, the scheduling formula I think is mostly fine. Yeah. But like that's the sort of big picture things that they're gonna be looking at. I mean, was it possible that it would be fair to have every like, just have open conference and no divisions, right? I Don't, I don't, I do not like that. And like just, but but, but you here will be the idea. You play, you play every team in your conference. So you have 15 games in conference and then if you're going to an 18 games schedule, you play three games outta conference every year. I like, I don't, I'm not wild enough.


So you would basically, you do two divisions instead of three. You play everybody in your division twice. That's 14 games. No, no, no, no, no, no. You go, you, you deconstruct the divisions altogether. So you Have and a F 16 team division you'd play 15. No, that's division. Yeah. I don't know about that. I mean it's, it's one solution, but I like, I but I, the point is like, I, I don't think they're gonna do that. But the point is like, I think this is the sort of big picture thinking that's coming out of it. Like I saw, you know, on the way out of the meetings a team president say to somebody else, you know, Hey, I wanna be part of this scheduling discussion. It's gonna be a, a big picture topic for them over the next couple of years. And I think it's gonna have way more of an impact than what everybody was focusing on last year with the Eagle last week with the Eagles.


Right. Because it could, you know, they could lead to some structural change in the way that all this stuff works. So I, well think About this. Last year Tampa was 10 and seven. They're the three seed. Yeah. The Rams were 10 and seven, they're the four seed. The Vikings were 14 and three five seed in Washington's 12 and five. You know, if it's within two wins, I get it. Because that can be really comes down to, oh, my division was way harder than yours. We had to play the other, other conference division. I think when it gets to like more than four wins, like did they talk about the possibility of you have to be three wins better than the team you're playing in round one to have the home game? Yeah.


The that, that was one was like, do we have a marker where it's like if there's a three game gap or a two game gap, then like, then, then, then that's a stipulation in there. Do you Like that? It just feels like too arbitrary for me. I don't know. I mean there there was another one where it was like, you have to be plus 500 if you win your division, you have to be plus Five. Well, I've been saying that for 20 years, that's you Have to be Yeah. Yeah. You have to be plus 500 to, to, to get the automatic seat. Otherwise you're in the pool with a wild card, so You have to be nine and eight or, Or better. Right. Eight, seven and two or whatever it is. Right. You have to have some sort of over 500 record. Right. So they had, they they, they discussed that. Which I, that makes some sense to me too. I just, I I think, you know, when you're in a league that only plays 17 or 18 games and you're not playing everybody, it's just the, the records aren't the same.


The records don't mean the same thing. And so I I don't know if there's really simple way to, to take care of it. Yeah. If you go through the previous seasons Yeah. That like, so in 2022, Tampa was eight and nine, hosting the 12 and five cowboys in round one. That's where it gets stupid And they beat 'em. Right. And by The way, they won, right? Yeah. Yeah. Well the Seahawk, you remember the Seahawks in the, the, the Beast quite game the Marsh on Game. That's the famous one, right? Right. So they beat the Saints and I think if I remember right, the Saints were like 11 and five that year. It was like breeze in the prime of his career and they had to go all the way to Seattle. Yeah. They were like, yeah.


So if it's 17 game, it's 17 game season and it's three wins higher than the other team. Yeah. I kind of like that. Yeah. Because then I, if you're trying to make stakes for week 18, I think that's one way to potentially do it. I don't know if it solves every problem, but I thought the fact that the Rams that you made the key point earlier. Yeah. The Vikings are in this absolute war. Right. And then they have to go play the Rams the next week who have just, you know, been on vacation basically for a week And coming off the wildfire thing and they're playing and the game was weird in Arizona. Like the Vikings were dealing with all of these strange circumstances. Yeah. Right, right, right. And It was like, and, and, and, and it, but I, again, like, I think that's what what scares the league is like, if that really worked, that means more teams are gonna consider it next year.


Like you don't see, Especially in 18 games, you could do it for, It lasts two games of the season. But, but, but even ne like even this coming year, don't you think some teams are gonna look at what the Rams did and say like, we need to consider that if we're locked into a playoffs spot and we're just playing for, you know, a single, a single spot in the seating. Yeah. Like maybe we are better off sitting all of our guys. And if you watch that game, you go back and watch that game, the Rams looked like they were shot out of a cannon. Yeah. Like it, and the Vikings looked like they were dead lagged. So I think, you know, like that's, that that's what scares the league about it. And I think it's, it's something that's gonna be part of like the big picture discussion going forward. Can you explain everybody in 40 seconds why we're going to 18 games?


'cause you know the answer. Yeah, it's 'cause of money. I don't need 40 seconds to explain that. But why would the players agree to it? Because it's eventually gonna be shoved down their throat. And like, I I think for the players it's as much about like how do we, how do we get as much as we can for it? And I would say, like my argument, if I were a, if I were the union, what I would want is you need to get me to free agency quicker. Like you need to, instead of it being four years on rookie contracts, you need to have it be three years. Because if you think about it, like the difference between 16 and the difference between 16 and 18 games, right? That's eight more games that you've gotta make it through to get to free agency over four years.


Right. Plus playoffs And, and you're talking about the most violent game, right? Yeah. Like, so that's a real thing that I, you know, if I'm looking at it, I'm a player, I'm like, you gotta get me to free agency quicker. The problem is in the NFL is that the union is controlled by the older players. Who is that gonna be a priority for them to get a 22, 20 3-year-old, a free agency faster? Generally? Historically it hasn't been the priority for 'em. But I think that that's what you would, if I'm the union, like I think that would be one of the first things I would ask for is you have to get more of my players to free agency faster. And maybe even like you, you look at franchise tags and those sorts of things. Is there a way we can loosen the reins on those as well So the older players wouldn't want that to happen because they're competing right.


With those people for hc. Yeah. And then you have a league that 80% of the people, their careers are what, three years or less? Four years or less. Right? It's the dichotomy of the league. It's why they So they can't, they can't go on strike 'cause you just lose the season and I've lost my earning power for one of the four years, basically. Right, right, right. That's exactly it. Like that's a dichotomy of it is like the rank and file in the NFL is making less than a million dollars a year and like is probably gonna be outta the league within a couple of years. So they've gotta take every dime they can get while they can get it. And yet the guys who are controlling the negotiation are the 1% of the 1%. All right, we're wrapping up. So apologies to Jim or saying Trey Hendrickson's contract, but you do have to give me 25 seconds on Drake May, who's really the only thing I have going for me now, the, the Red Sox co-op room and Anthony, I would, I I would say the best thing I could say is like the new staff's gotten in there, there was a lot of things broken last year.


Josh's offense is pretty complex. He has worked on kind of simplifying some things. He studied the college game a bunch last year to try to make it a little more user friendly. But the best thing I can tell you, the most encouraging thing I can tell you is that they, they have not needed to like game the offense up to make it work for Drake May, he has looked like a professional quarterback in the meeting room and on the practice field at this point. And they got him a left tackle who's, who's already sworn to protect him with his life. Game of Thrones, game of throne style. Like that lady, what was her, Brianna, Brianna, whatever her name was, I can't remember who It was. There was somebody who Tried to the tall bond lady. There was somebody who tried to top it later in the draft too, who said that they were gonna lay their life down for the franchise.


I, there was, I, I don't know if that's gonna become a trend now, like who can go more Braveheart on like the, I Love I I I've consumed all the Will Campbell content and I'm here for him. I love how there's some, there's some, all he wants to do is protect Drake Bay. That's his job in life. If you google it, there's some really good like LSU weight room content that you'd really like. Oh, Like I haven't watched it. Come on. Okay. All right. Yeah. All right. No man, I don't care that his arms aren't inch short. I'm all in on Wil Campbell. All right, so you can read it. Read Albert on si listeners podcast as well. Great to see you. Thanks for Coming up. All right, thanks Bill. Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to House and Mahoney and Albert and Gau and Eduardo, you can watch this as a video podcast on Spotify.


You can watch on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel as well. Don't forget, new re watchable is coming on Monday. We're doing Alfred Justice, the Steven Segal anti classic. This is an unbelievable movie. I can't wait for you to watch it this weekend. We'll be me and Kyle Brandt coming Monday night for you on that. And then Illa and I on Sunday. Have a great weekend. I'll see you on


Sunday. Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem, call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or Text Hope NY in New York.