
You're listening to The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel FanDuel. Sportsbook is the best place to bet on the NBA A. We have these fun little Tuesday, Friday player performance stuff. We have same game parlays we have picks for me sometimes and boosts and all kinds of fun things. Get ready in the playoffs. Download the FanDuel Sportsbook app today to get in on the action. And by the way, The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit The Ringer dot com slash rg to learn more. Listen to the end of this episode for additional details. Must be 21 plus President Select states game problem called one 800 GAMBLER or visit rg help.com.


Coming up, we're gonna do the made Up NBA Awards for 24 25 with Ryen Russillo. Next,


this episode is brought to by Intuit TurboTax. Taxes was waiting and wondering, worrying. It's almost like how in the old days of fantasy football, we used to have to tally the scores on a Monday and then the commissioner would just mail them out to everybody and you'd wait three days to see if you won. Those were the old ways of doing it. Now taxes is matching with a TurboTax Live full service expert who gives your taxes their undivided attention. They can file your taxes as soon as today. And while they do, you get real time updates on their progress, meaning you can get back to what's important the game. Now this is taxes Intuit TurboTax. Get an expert now on turbotax.com.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. I put up another re watchable on Friday night. We did the Saint, me and Kyle Bryant because Val Kilmer died last week and normally we put re watchable up on Mondays, but we decided, screw it, we put it up three days early. So you can find it as a video podcast on Spotify. You can find on The Ringer Movies YouTube channel as well. I'm taping this right now. It is late Sunday morning Pacific time tonight on the Prestige TV podcast. Me and Vuori Rubin and Joanna Robinson are going to be reacting to the white Lotus season finale, where we're doing it live on The Ringer tv YouTube channel right around seven 30, PT 10 30 et Right after that episode ends we'll be going live and then you can listen and watch as a video podcast on Spotify or get it on The Ringer TV YouTube channel.


So that's everything we got going. Don't forget about One Shining podcast as well. They had a live reaction to the final four last night, which IL and I are about to talk about a little bit. And then Coming up right after the Monday night title game, you can get that as well. Coming up on this podcast, we did it last year. We did the made up NBA awards with one week to go in this season. I had a great time. So we're bringing the Gibbick back me and we're also gonna talk about Duke and, and just a colossal collapse last night that we have to discuss. So that's all coming next. First, our friends from Pearl Jab.


Alright, we're taping this at 10 30 Pacific Time. We're gonna do the made up NBA awards for the 24 25 season in a second. Why don't talk about the final four last night specifically in unbelievable unfathomable Duke collapse was low. One of the alltimers something that brought me back to where we were in college sports in like the eighties when shit like that seemed to happen way more often. Just watching, when did you start wondering, oh my God, are they gonna blow this? Because for me it was when, when they got the steal, it was the 77. 76 was the first time I was like, oh my God, they might actually lose this. I still can't believe they lost it the next day that I'm sitting here. I know you and I both bet it and I don't bet a ton of games, but when I saw the line come out and I had watched, you know, look, I'm, I'm certainly far from an expert on college basketball, but I just thought based on the size advantage that Duad and three lottery picks, you know, like, okay, four isn't, isn't that bad of a number And the whole game I'm like, you should have bet more.


You should have bet more. Like you were so right about this. You know, and and anybody that you know gambles enough, you just have games. You go, wow, I saw this the worst possible way. And immediately, you know, you're fucked. And on this one I sat there the whole time being like, I'm so smart. I'm so smart. I would say there was two moments that hinted at what was gonna happen. That barrage of threes at the end of the first half kept Houston in it. Yeah. So they feel good despite being outplayed in the first 20 minutes they went at halftime feeling good about themselves. Not that this team necessarily needed the confidence boost but being the dogs. But they're a super aggressive team with a, with a lot of confidence. And then really I, I think crier and those guys like the two guards just hitting threes think you're like, how is this game not 20?


How is it not 25 points? And then I think once you saw that Sion James just could not, he was not comfortable inbounding the ball and they kept going to this, this same flashing thing to the corner where they were running the inbounds catch to the corner and Which you, you're taught in like seventh grade not to do that. Yeah. They don't get trapped in the corner is the number one thing for the inbounds pass. The number two is just don't throw it up for grabs under your own basket. And they somehow did both. Yeah, I guess I was shocked And some people even said like after James hit his head, that's the, but it was very clear he was freaking out trying to inbounds it. Yeah. And Shire was just fine with it I guess.


I know. And then you know it, then it actually happens and then you have the foul on Cooper. But look, this team was up, they gave up on nine oh run with 35 seconds. They didn't hit a field goal for like the last what, 10 I, you know, so I I yeah they had a Draft that felt like a half hour with all the challenges and all the reviews and all the other things. I mean they, first of all, there was a play in this game. I'll be interested to see if you've seen it. 'cause I can't remember ever seeing somebody try to strip the inbounds passer before in getting it technical. I feel like that might've made history for me. It probably happened at some point in my life but I don't remember. But that happens and I thought oh that's gotta be two techs in the ball. It was only one tech. So they go up six but they have the ball and then from that moment on the game just completely fell apart for them.


And they had, there was bad defensive stuff like flag got beat for a layup. They gave up that three when they were up six when all they did was basically just, you know, a little a a lazy high screen and both guys jumped on the one guy and all of a sudden somebody else was wide open. They gave up the inbounds pass steel wide open, three guy comes flying in from the weakside and dunks it. And then you know, the guards on Duke were terrible. And I really think like if you go in big picture, the fact that you're trying to win a title but you don't really have that one. I got a guy's guard. It really seems like that blows up in games like that. You're playing a big football stadium, there's a crazy pressure and then your sphincter start to get a little tight and you kind of need that one guy who's like, I got it, I got it, I got this.


And they didn't have anybody. No the guards killed them and it was, yeah, it's one field goal that Cooper three for the last 10 and a half minutes. So like that's really the headline. Like we can talk about a call or inbounding. It's like how does Duke go 10 and a half minutes with only one made field goal Throughout of it. I, I think there's also like different discussions. They don't double Cooper on the last play. If he hits that shot, does everybody go, Hey Houston, how do you play that straight up when you know that the ball's going to him? That didn't hurt him. There was also the debate of after the technical free throw by Kniple Houston played it straight up. And my thing is always at home it's it's kids. Although you know, some of the guys are a little bit older now, but I would foul, I would delay the game out as much as possible 'cause I would expect the younger guys to just miss free throws and Houston plays it straight up, which I think, you know, we could debate it and granted people will just play the result and say, Hey, it's smart now.


But in that moment maybe Samson's going, Hey these guys have been tight for a half an hour, right? So let's not foul 'em, let's let 'em run the clock out. They're gonna run it down. They're not gonna get a great look. And if we play 'em straight up, you know, at this point like maybe it's better than, 'cause they would've been down six if they, if they foul, who knows he makes it to then it's probably over. But to decide to play them straight up, which goes against everything I'm saying, but maybe even in the moment. It's like why some of these coaching philosophies don't apply to every single game because things are playing out differently. Houston, look, in the Tennessee game, most teams I think would've blown that lead to Tennessee because Tennessee was one of these teams. When you watch that first half against Kentucky where you go, oh my God, like this is overwhelming.


The energy, the effort, how hard these guys play. And Houston's the same thing and Houston's like, fine, you guys wanna do this with us, we'll do it. So I I don't wanna like, look, my least favorite thing ever is when the topic in the pre-show meeting is, did Duke blow it or did Houston win it? And it's just stupid. Yeah, it's TV shows do it all the time. Duke clearly blew this. But it's also ignoring the fact that this is who Houston is. This is a team that was down six with 10 seconds to go against Kansas and forces double overtime came. Yeah. So they believe it all the time. And so I want to credit 'em for that. But I, I still cannot believe that a team like Duke that's this good, that this talented couldn't figure out the inbounding thing.


'cause James was rattled those last four or five, Houston relentless made a couple big shots, made a couple big defensive plays like blocking K nipple when they were down six on that layup was, you know, duke had the opposite play on the other end and they fouled the guy. I was thinking about the big picture thing for me, obviously flag, nobody's gonna remember this game in five years. What? Nobody's gonna hold it against him. No, I mean for like, for the flag NBA arc when he's like playing on Charlotte or whatever age 24 he's in the playoffs, nobody's gonna be like, Hey remember that time in the semifinals? You don't, honestly, I think you think it's Gonna hang On him. I think the people are gonna ask him about this game for the rest of his life. Like, I don't know really.


Oh yeah, yeah. I mean this is awful man. This is all time. Like I know what you're saying, like oh remember in the term, but whatever. I think this was so big on this stage for a Duke team that so many people dislike, but yet here he is and I'm watching him in this game going, I don't know where the flaws, where's the flaw? Right. The more you watched him and I know where late this then He sucked in the last two minutes. Adam, did he suck? Well he on, he gave up a couple big defensive plays, gave up a big rebound. He had the foul that over the back, which was I thought one of the worst foul calls in a while. But what I was gonna say was I pushed back I on that. He sucked he in the last Couple minutes. Well he sucked in the last two minutes He did. Sucked, sucked in the last two minutes.


They, they gave up, they gave up like an absolute slaughter over a run and he was a big part of it defensively. He was in multiple plays where his guy either beat him the basket or he gave up a wide open three and that switch, that was his fault. We 7 7 7, 100% his fault on that gave up the weakside rebound. I'm just saying it wasn't like, I'm not sending, he's not sending that two minutes to the hall of fame committee and be like, here's, here's my case. It was bad, but the whole team was bad. If you were scouting him, you would, you would be in the room going like, he Took no i'll no flag. I thought he was the best guy on that team by far. Well that's Not even what I was gonna say is that, that last shot, it's so funny how that that fork in the road moment of like he gets the shot he wants, I thought it was gonna go in and he front rimmed it, but if it goes in now it's like this completely different conversation, right.


They sc they survived this scare and he has like his Larry Bird Carmelo moment and oh my god and he finishes with 29 points and he said it for a thing and instead you're looking back like, ugh, that was really rough. I thought he got tight. I thought the whole team got super tight. Proctor looked like he, he didn't want to dribble anymore by the end of the game. But that's the thing, these guys are flags. 18, these guys are all kids. That's what always makes me nervous when I watch college sports. I feel so bad that these guys are so young at the stage. They're at, you know, with just this kind of spotlight and tension and pressure. I don't think it, I I think you're wrong though. I don't think it's gonna hang on flag in the same way. I thought he was really good for, for almost the entirety day of the game.


Are we saying two different things though? Because I don't, I mean, yeah, I, I don't know that you're gonna be having Kevin Harlan on a Thursday night TT broadcast four nights from now going, well 30 from Cooper, but you know, they blew well if we're Doing scale, the CWE timeout game was clearly like, we'll be remembering this right when he called the, when he called the timeout that they didn't have at the end of that thing. That was like, oh shit, this one's gonna fall him. I also think college basketball meant more when that happened. It did. But in this case, I don't know. I just thought, I thought his team really stunk and I, I watched Duke a bunch of times this year. That was, that stretch in the second half I thought was by far the worst.


I've seen them. It's kind of inexplicable that they couldn't score for that long. I didn't really understand anything they were doing either. No, I I guess I'm still shocked that you thought he sucked the last two minutes. I'm gonna have to go back and watch the tape again. You have to watch it because I think, I think giving up a rebound or getting caught in rotation and somebody hitting a three, like that's basketball. I dunno. That means, well how about this? What what did you do good in the last two minutes? Because I watched it a couple times today and I was like, ah, You watched it a couple times. I did. I, there was a YouTube clip and I watched the last two minutes a couple times 'cause I was so fascinated by it. When you have these things that fall apart, it's almost like game 6 86 where you're like, you're watching each pitch and you're like, oh that could ended the game.


Ah, that could ended the game. And that Duke thing was same Thing of Course. Right? Of course there was 10, 10 plays in 90 seconds where you're like, ah, if they get that one they win. Get the rebound, they win. You know, I don't know. I guess look, I, I think they ran down the clock too long on the knippel Miss. I think that proctor missed the free throw. I think Cian couldn't inbound the basketball and then he turned it over. I think the three that made it, the sharp three that made it 67. 64. That's a free for all. And you know it's, it's kind of like, wait a minute, the sharp three I think maybe I'm thinking about the other three. There's another three in here off the tip where it's a complete free for all and I don't even know how like anybody, you know, it's kinda like one of those offensive rebound threes where you're just like, everybody's so scattered the whole time.


I was surprised. Did Rick Bucher try to argue that flag was fouled on the, on the rebound? I, I couldn't. He was kind of saying we don't know what his, I think he went with a mystery third arm defense classic rebuke. But I haven't seen the Rick Buker. You could see his hand and I didn't wanna like you know how it is when you're tweeting out stuff and you go, well did you not factor in Sri Lanka's GDP and the tariff? Then you're like, I just look, they screwed up so many different times. It's not about that call but I can't believe an official in that moment is like, I think I'm kind of ready to call something on this box out. Like I think I'm ready. Well what was weird was the way Houston was pressing on those inbounds passes and how physical they were.


You could have called a bunch of stuff that way either and they weren't. And then flags getting boxed out going backwards and I thought the guy took his right arm and kind of hooked flag from behind a little bit from at least one of the angles. Either way I, it's just not a foul now Houston got the ball anyway but the issue for me is like make them have to make a shot to win the game. Don't bail them out with some chintzy call that the guy was like, it seemed like he was just dying to call. He was calling it as they were still like as flag was tipping the ball. I just didn't, I didn't get it at that time in the game. I thought it was pretty inexcusable. So from a flag standpoint you don't think there's any way he goes back right? Because that's another narrative.


I don't see why he would No he's 18. Like start the clock. Start the clock on your max extension. I don't know why would you wait another year to do it? Yeah, that's what's always left out when it's like well look at the rookie scale stuff for the NBA guys and look at what you could make and who knows what the NIL stuff but I always think the N-I-N-I-L stuff, although lucrative is can be really misleading. Like contracts that just get announced, like a lot of NFL stuff. It's like Russell only Ru Russell Wilson 21 and a half million here like or 10 you know. So I think the NIL stuff, No Stefan. Stefan Diggs 69 million for three. Yeah right. That's a really good one. It's really 20 for one plus some Bucks. It's exactly, it's exactly to your point, the agent, the family, everybody else is like start the clock for the rookie max extension In four years.


He can sign a max when he is 22 years old. I don't know why you would delay that for any reason. He's also ready to play in the league. It's not like one of those situations where you know, and watching him a lot, it's been interesting like ESP n ran a comps thing about him and I'm not positive there's a specific comp, there's pieces of different guys, there's some stuff he does that reminds me of Tatum. Even though they're completely different players but like body size, the fact that he can impact the game. The Tatum version now in all these different ways. But then there's pieces of other dudes. I just think if I were him, I'm coming in. There's a weird scenario though where he could potentially wait to see who gets to pick right. Can he pull out by like the lottery happens mid-May and he, I think he can pull out like the end of May, something like that.


So, well You change the time. It used to be this thing where the NBA withdrawal date was so much later than the NCAA won. Yeah. And it was done on purpose 'cause the coaches would just vote on it and say we want to know ahead of time. And then I think they changed it where either it's the same date or it aligns. I think the unknown part of it, like if it were a franchisor, you go absolutely not, I want nothing to do with this. Maybe. But you have new ownership in Charlotte, you have wing of running things with the Wizards. Wizards. So there's at least things that you feel like, hey the guy's making these decisions, it's different than what it was before. So even though these teams aren't Exactly. So if, if you hated one of those scenarios that much, would you actually delay it for NIL money?


That still would probably be close to what your rookie scale would be as a first. I, I, again I don't know but one All pick so might not be the number one pick next year. 'cause there's a couple dudes in next year's draft that everybody loves, you know, you know you're the number one pick now. Yeah. So Erie says the lottery is May 15th, he'd have a month to look at it. We have not had a scenario where somebody tried to power play the top pick or one of the top picks in a while. Like Danny Ferry famously did it when I was in college 'cause he didn't wanna go to the Equippers, end up got shoving his way to the Cavs. Steve Francis basically did it. He got drafted, was unhappy about it, had one of the funniest NBA draft reactions probably ever where he is just like, just seemed like he was being tortured that he went to Vancouver, put the hat on, just kept looking up and then finally pushed the trade to Houston.


It really hasn't happened since then. And I actually wonder why it doesn't happen more often because you know, as you know we've been in this player empowerment era for 15 years now, but we haven't had a rookie come in and say, nah, I, I actually don't wanna go to Charlotte so you can either trade the pick to somebody I wanna go to or I'm just gonna go back to Duke. And I think he has real leverage now with the NIO to at least pretend he might wanna do that. The problem for that theory is I don't think there's like a truly horrible team to go to this year in the NBA. Do you like even Charlotte, like is that a bad situation? Like they have a new front office, new owner, everybody likes Charles Lee, they have some assets.


Like that's not a disaster. Washington's not a disaster. I don't, I don't see a team where I'd be like, oh man, I feel so bad for him. He went there. No, I mean I was looking at it this morning where I was like which team if we were just being honest, be like they don't deserve him. Philly. Like how you used to get mad when Cleveland, you just said Philly, Philly, Philly is the answer. It's the only answer. They don't Deserve him. Yeah, You're stumbling into it. Sorry, I'm not even, even Organizational Stuff. Yeah, don't say sorry they, they played the season wrong and would somehow get compensated with that would be nuts. Yeah because you did a Cleveland rant I think, what was it the third time they had won the lottery and you were on TV For the draft on tv.


Yeah, the Cleveland fans got mad at me. That was absurd. But I got your point. It's like, come on, three times in five years the same team's gonna win the number one pick. What are we doing? Like what are we doing Philly? I I think if you're talking about what would be the most interesting basketball situation for him, the Philly one would be at least on paper the most interesting. I don't know if it would be the best for him 'cause now now he's on the mb are you playing or you're not playing clock, he's on the Paul George, whatever the hell's going on there. But at least he'd have good guards. But I think Washington would be the most fun for him from a, just as a basketball fan. Just 'cause of the weird pieces they have. And I think he would fit in with the guys they have and you know, be, be some sort of connector.


The most positive thing that you can say about him is that he's actually not going to need the ball to impact games immediately. Yeah. So whenever you think about a draft pick that could be the face of your franchise. I mean, 'cause if we're talking like best case scenarios and him being this prospect that we've all been hearing about and even though there was a chance, I think there was conversation at the beginning of the year of like, could the Rutgers guys surpass him and then the year plays out and you're just like, okay, well there's obviously everybody's on the same page now. There's no question that he's the number one guy but he, your Tatum thing, at least now I think actually rings true 'cause you're like, hey Tatum's playing point guard for this team and flag initiates so much of their offense. Yeah, but he also, one of the things I loved about Paolo is that Paolo could have taken every shot and been justified when Duke was in those tight games, but Paolo still wanted to set up other people.


He had what I think is like shot make star quality shot making stuff, but yet a deferential thing that actually works well with other talented players where I think young guys have to get to a point where like, hey you just can't like cool scoring bro. But you can't just do all of this on yourself and ignore everything else that's going around you. Cooper can not take shots and impact the game. His passing is insane, his instincts are great. His footwork, all the athleticism, the body control and the shooting ended up being even better I think than people thought this year. So he's really like a plug and play guy gets the only knock would be almost like the M Yma thing where you go, okay, in five years this one Bama like figuring out a way to score on his own in the Western conference finals.


Yeah, and I, I think clearly, you know, that's like being really hard on one Bama and I think with Cooper, because if you're going to be one of these, there's not 10 guys in the league that probably fit this standard. I don't know how many you think there are, but okay, we have a real dude, we're actually like in this not, hey, every year we have a chance to win a title but we're at least like, we look like a conference finals team. 'cause that's the hope when you get one of these guys and is he somebody that can score in all of those busted up possessions? And that would be maybe the only thing where you go ceiling wise, like he projects to maybe do that, but that's what will make the difference. Yeah, there's some tough advanced metrics with him with like the perimeter shots, like that 15 to 20 feet range.


You saw it last night, he missed it. But the thing is he's 18, he's a year younger than he probably should be. I, I'm just like, if you're just looking, go back and look at Tatum tape. When he was at Duke or first year Celtics, like he had a couple things he could do and other than that he was like, you know, a baby deer in the woods trying to figure everything out. And Flagg is where, and what I see from an all around game is closer to the Tatum now than that Tatum in 2018. But I don't, I don't really know if he has a comp, I don't think he's the same kind of natural score, but there's so many other awesome things he does. I can't wait to see him in the league. And the, the bummer for him is just from a big picture standpoint, he had a chance to have this start to finish college season that just would've been mentioned with Davis in 2012 and Carmelo and some of the great seasons.


And now that's pulled away. I don't think this loss sticks to him though, that it really felt like a team, a team collapsed to me. Yeah, that shot though. Replay it, but big picture like this, here's the first take segment for you. Is it better to lose or win a game like this if you're trying to become a great NBA player someday? Do you need, like do you need the, the agony, the thing to go back to during the summer, the pain of that one loss and be like, I never wanna have that feeling again. In some ways you could argue that's actually probably better. Alberto always said like getting his ass kicked by magic in the final game was actually a really good thing for him.


It gave him like a whole other level of, of drive. So I dunno, there's a, there's a dumb silver lining. Could have been too easy if they won right away. Are you saying Coming up next Mj, MJ and Magic, could they have been better had they lost their title games If MJ had missed that shot? Maybe he wins eight titles, maybe he never plays baseball again. We're saying two different things though. We're saying two different things on the Cooper, how this sticks to him. I'm looking at it as he's gonna be at the gas station in Maine when he is 60 and some guy's gonna come up to him and say, I can't believe you lost that game as if he hasn't heard it his entire life when I was watching him. And like, I think, I don't know if I was reading lips correctly, but when Shire had him in the timeout and they were getting ready to inbound, I think he said it's something like, it's your time, right?


Like go ha like go make it happen. Yeah. And how different now granted they still have to be Florida, which is, you know, a really good college basketball team. So maybe we're assuming a lot, but he's, he's going to be reminded of this probably every day in some fashion for the rest of his life. And it's gonna be brutal. And you're right, I I think the thing that we're, we're separate on is that it's not gonna stick to him as if it's a knock on who he is as a player. And he's, you know, he has this great NBA career. None of this is really gonna matter. Plenty of guys have lost, they've lost. But this was just such a dramatic loss to blow it this way and to have so many, When was the last time we had a college basketball loss like this?


This was like old school. Is this the Memphis, Kansas one when they don't make their free throws? Yeah, that's a good one. That was 2008, right? That was like 17 years ago. Just doesn't happen the same way. Wait, one more thing on the NCA, you talked about the Florida guy last week and how much you liked him. Yeah. And then you watch him last night and he just looks like he's doing a Jamal Murray impersonation and I guess now he's crept into the, into the first round and I don't really know, not as tall as, and he is older, he is 22, which they always seem to penalize guys with.


But he's been impressive enough that I'm now rooting to see him go to a decent team in the draft. Maybe a team where he could play. I'm talking about Clayton, but, but I, I've, I've just been really, really, really blown away by his shot making and how he seems to have a sense for when, when his team needs him to do something, right? If he's on Duke last night that Duke doesn't lose the game. So where do you see him at? I know you only started doing the draft stuff, but where, just where do you see him in that whole context? Does this, does this even matter when these teams are looking at this in June Older, not jump off the screen at jazz athleticism?


So I think that's where I, like I look back at some of the mocks and there was one in the beginning of this month where he wasn't even a second round pick, right? And that's where, again, late to this, but the Tennessee SEC tournament game, I was like, holy shit, you know, and then he's basically done that the entire time. We talked about the Texas Tech shot. But what he can do, I'm not comparing him to Steph, okay, but what makes Steph a great shooter is that Steph can have a bad foundation that Steph can change the release of it, even though it all kind of comes back. You know, it's almost like the Dirk thing. If you looked at Dirk's Foundation, you would never say, Hey, do what that guy's doing. But everything was always adjusted for whatever the release was gonna be. So there's some guys that are just catch and shoot, they can never move.


They develop the muscle memory enough that if they catch and shoot in a certain spot, they put up like a really good number. But I don't know that it makes you a well-rounded shooter. And what we see with Clayton is that he can be that, that corner three that he hit from the left side, or excuse me, it was the right side. So right corner, he's adjusting all of his like arm and release point to get away from the contest and then it's natural. He also had a drive on the left side where he had read it and he knew what was gonna happen and he knew he was gonna get fouled. So he was preparing himself to even throw the ball up at the rim. And it wasn't even an and one, but there's just stuff with him that even if he's not off the page, you know, or I should say off the charts athletically compared to some of the other guys, he seems to keep getting past everybody the entire time.


And there's some players, when you're doing the draft, you're like, I don't know if he's like the most dynamic or the most quick. And it's like, okay. But he just keeps, he just keeps getting past everybody, every single time. And his pace and his, his comfort in the biggest moments, I haven't done it, but I, I guess I'd have a hard time believing that there's 30 guys that go ahead of him. Even at the age. I would add the, the way he finishes after he, after he bounces into somebody in a drive and still finishes with touch. That's the thing that reminds me of Murray the most. Like his, when Murray's really going, he has this ability to kind of bounce off dudes and finish. Anyway, I think he's really impressive. And I, I was mad.


I I had a, I had the Auburn Duke parlay last night, which then I had to chase with Duke Clippers, so it was a double loss for me last night. But I, I just thought Auburn was better. And then as you're watching him take over the second half, you're like, why the fuck did I bet against this guy? This guy thinks he's the best guy in this tournament. I'm not, I'm not doing that again. All right, we gotta get made Up. The only just to add to it though, 'cause I've been doing it now where like on FanDuel I hedged it with a Florida Houston Florida over Houston plus seven 50 title. Yeah. So I was like, I love Duke. I I love them in this game. And then you're sitting there going, I still don't feel like I was wrong.


Right? There's plenty of games where you're like, I'm just wrong on this one. So yeah, I I got a little title game insurance, so we'll see how it goes. But Doubting Houston is a, is a dangerous sport right now. The most important question I'm gonna ask you before we go to the break. Do you think stripping the inbounds passer should be worth more than one technical? No, I'm fine with it. You think it should be? I think it should be, it should be a two tech that it's just such a crazy thing to do. I just think it should be an extra add an extra tech to it for how stu how stupid it is. Then that guy came back and made some big plays. He was phased it off. All right, we gotta get to the made up NBA awards. We're gonna take a break.


This episode is brought to by LinkedIn during the season, every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a hot month or two. You need sustained dominance throughout. While the same is true for your small business, it's not enough to have a great Q2, even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires. That'll be there for the long haul to find those hires use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by vrbo, private Vacation Rentals with vrbo. You always get the whole house so you and your fellow fans can cheer on your team in peace. What's worse than watching a game with somebody who's not rooting for the same team? You're rooting for nothing. But that's why if you book a vacation house with vrbo, you know all the people in your house, they'll be friends, they'll be family. Ideally they'll be the ones who also root for my teams. Plan a winning vacation, make it a vrbo.


All right, welcome to a special part of the show, which is brought to you today by Audi with their all new fully electric Audi Q six e-tron. So we're gonna do made up NBA awards in a second, but just quick check-in 'cause we got four games left. The biggest thing that's at stake right now is this defensive player of the year award, which Draymond has, there's like a good media campaign for right now. Rob Mahoney and I talked about a little bit on Thursday and both of us thought didn't, didn't really see it. But Draymond's the favorite basically based off this last 25 games. Stretch. A Large favorite too, right? Yeah. Basically based off this post Jimmy Butler trade stretch that seems to ignore the rest of the season. I'm not voting for him, I'm either voting for Moby or dot 'cause I just thought those guys were better. And I, I wanna look at it. I'm not gonna decide today, but did you have D Dream on all of a sudden as the defensive player of the year or are you leaning somewhere else? I'm not. I think it's the hardest award to vote on to be honest with you. With No, Wendy. Well, yeah, I mean he was just gonna win it, but there's like a lot of stuff that Draymond does do that is really important that may not show up. You know, his switch ability that, that stuff's crazy. But there's Some clutch defense with him too. Like he'll make like the single biggest play in the fourth quarter defensively. Little stuff like that. Defensive player of the year, clearly watching all year. I have thoughts, but I definitely make the rounds with coaches, assistant coaches and they, the love for Dort and who he is and what he's tasked with. And then the numbers when you start looking at some of the matchup stuff, which, you know, at times I think can be packaged to be a little misleading. But it's, it's a dot mobley mobley thing for me right now. But I, I'm gonna make the calls and and figure it out. But I, I just think it's such a hard thing to vote for. Well the all new Foley Electric, Audi Q six each on a huge leap forward featuring effortless power, serious acceleration of the most advanced tech of any Audi ever. Experience technology that puts you center stage of the panoramic digital stage plus an optional screen for front seat passengers. Perfect for watching the latest sports documentary, the Q six E tron. Not just a new ev, it's a new way to experience driving. Learn more@audiusa.com. Always pay careful attention to the road. Do not drive well distracted.


All right, made up awards time. So we did this last year. I had a fantastic time. We're doing it again. Have a bunch of awards. I couldn't remember last year if I sent you all the nominees. I don't think I did. I think I just sent you the awards and left you on your own to come up with like a winner. But I have nominees for each category so we're gonna rip through them. And the first one is unicorn of the Year, which Mbma won last year. We created it for him. He got hurt I don't think. Would you say he's eligible? Shit. I mean he could basically win every year. I'd like to come up with a new name for this, right? Can we, can we, can we zag a little? Yeah, I mean Unicorn is like who was the OG unicorn Will Chamberlain.


Yeah. Hey I saw something the other day. They was trying to say you could bench 500 pounds. Did you find that in any of your research? That would be really impressive. I haven't seen that one yet. 500 pounds is a lot, A lot. Especially with long arms. Really strong guy nominees. I have Weby again. Ahmed Thompson, LeBron at age 40. Dyson Daniels or Zach Edie for Unicorn of the Year. We could just vote for Weby again. No chat didn't play enough. Not eligible. What do you need? 35 games Can put chat in there, make the case If they have a playoff run and he plays as well as I think he's gonna play. There's gonna be some real check conversations. I don't know if we get as absurd as Deandre Aton potentially being a top 15 player in the Sun's finals run of a few years ago.


That seems inaccurate with further information. But the rim protection numbers, the fact that he can play five out. The fact that he goes coast to coast the other night against Detroit and then finishes three Point shooting. Yeah, so I, I just, hey, just telling the world, prepare yourself for some big time Chet projections. If OKC pulls this off, I like the Chet one. If we can't give it to Weby, I think Chet is a good backup choice. 'cause I've never really seen another player like him. So I think you're right. I wanted to give this to Ahman Thompson, but I feel like he's been in the vicinity of other guys we watch.


But I still feel like to have enough athletic ability that people go to see you play basketball and you seem like a better athlete than anyone at a basketball game with all the best athletes feels Courtney it's an so at least he's a medalist so we'll give it to him. Okay. Really excited. But by Just, just an aside, a men's, like four of these for me and then I had to figure out how to whittle it down. So I don't think a men's a bad choice. I would say it's Like a Michael Phelps in the summer Olympics one year. Just grabbing medals. Yeah. Yeah. Although I do think if you had basketball where it was like, hey, we'll play one-on-one, two on two, three on three, five on five and then we'll play horse and then it's like Jordan had seven golds.


So some of the swimming and gymnastics gold medal count I think is unfair to the team guys. But we can get into that later. Although this curling thing with China is nuts. I have, if you had an award for most rewinds on the season, it's, I yeah, That'd be a good category for next year. I always thought the team, like the basketball, that's your basketball team medal just should have been bigger. I think when you're just talking about some of those individual swimming race ones, maybe a smaller one. And then the, the basketball I always thought should look like a flavor FLA type of medal. Next category, the 2011 Blake Griffin Award for most unexpected delay.


Once again a cunning, rejuvenated Jimmy Butler on Golden State, Austin Reeves or anyone else you wanna mention any other nominees? Nope, because you already said the guy that I was gonna to use in this one. So Who is it? Who's your winner? Amen. All. Is it gonna be like a Meryl Streep situation here? No, because I'm giving mine to Austin Reeves. That's a good one. I, I can't believe how good he is offensively to the point where he's on a team with LeBron and Luca and not only does his coach think it's a good idea to go run stuff through Austin Reeves, but LeBron and Luca are like, we should run stuff through Austin Reeves.


Like that's the level he is at. I think he's a potential 25 point a game scorer at some point in his career. There's pieces of different guys from over the years and I'm gonna do the comparing a white guy to a white guy thing, but there's a lot of Jeff Honi sec, there's some Paul Westfall. But his ability to get to the basket, create shots for other guys, take huge threes and big moments. I think other teams are really afraid of him offensively. I, I've been really impressed, was not expecting it. And so it's either him or Thompson to me. Do we save on men for some of the other ones?


Because I, I think the reeves part of it is you're not saying it's unexpected. 'cause we already knew he was pretty good, but now this is like the Jalen Brown arc where you have to keep adjusting the ceiling every time. Yeah, yeah. I just didn't, I never thought like I always liked him. I never thought like this guy might be a four time all star. Like I was never in my head it was always like, oh this guy's a really nice piece for LeBron. Like he really turned out to be a good player. Somebody should pay him now. It's like Jesus Christ, this guy, this is like a real, a real offensive star. You know what's crazy Thompson like? Do you remember, do you remember the Spurs thing? Not offering him a contract? Oh, shut up.


I didn't tell you this category because we already have the winner, but it's a new category for next year. The Luca DCIS trade award for most smic NBA moment of the season goes to Luca trade. So we just have to write that one down for next year. There's no way. There's no way we're, I mean you could sit there and say it plenty of unexpected things happen. How about Cuban now doing the tour? Oh, he's Coming up later. Oh, all right. I didn't even Realize was The category. All right, The 1986 Bill Walton Award for biggest impact under 20 minutes a game guy nominees Ty Jerome, a Silla podcast guest, 19.7 minutes a game this year.


12.2 points a game. Luke Cornett on the Celtics putting up basically like a six six in 15 minutes. Obie topping 10 and four, 37% from three leads. The league in field goal percentage around the rim. And then just for fuck's sake, Ben Simmons on the clippers, I'm throw him into for when he comes in and does whatever Ben Simmons does for 15 minutes. Who do you have for the Bill Walton Award? Todd Jerome. The metrics for a player like him are incredible. He is, it's also real when you watch it. So I mean his wind shares per 40 eights over two, like 0.2. So it's, it's a really good number.


Which sometimes that number doesn't even show up to reflect how well you know, but when you start kind of getting into that area Yeah, for a player, especially what he's asked to do, I, I think it's Jerome and I think he's had some really big moments for them. I mean it really felt like there was a few weeks there where it's just like, so this guy's just never gonna miss any shots and do everything. Right. It's one of the best under 20 minutes seasons in a while. You know, he's basically coming in for two, nine minute stretches each half and that's it. You don't see him again. And he comes in and he is impactful the whole time. I'm with you. What does he make this summer you think? See a 15 to $16 million guy? God, I Don't, not a shitload of calf space floating around.


No, but not a great free agent field either. Yeah, Veteran guy. He's gonna be in some big games in the playoffs. I think you could see like a 50 for three, one of those type of deals from somebody. Yeah, because you're still asking like you're going, is he gonna be our starting point guard? Like is he playing 36 minutes a night out there Could, well could get one of those stru contracts. Like when Stru went to Cleveland, what was it? 4 64 And they were like, we just need an awesome role player who can make some shots and play swing. And maybe he starts, maybe he comes off the bench, but we need him very excited for the next category.


The Monty Williams Award for worst coach of the year. This used to be named the Vinny Del Negro Award until whatever Monty did last year, which was the most egregious bad coaching I think we've ever had this century at least. Nominees Coach Bud on the Phoenix Sun. Nick Nurse on the Sixers. I'm throwing Doug Christie in here as a nominee based on the last 15 Kings games and just whatever the hell is going on with that team. They're four and 11 in their last 15. Not trying to tank anybody else you would put in as a nominee here. How is nurse on here? I just put 'em on from the first two months of the season. I needed nominees.


I'm gonna zag on you. Okay. Toronto Kovich. Okay. Now, not because he did a bad job, but because he did an amazing job. This is the worst tanking in a bad way. Like if the goal were to tank, they were were eight and 31. They were unbelievably defensively there for like two plus months. Yeah, they won too many games. So he was, I'm not saying he's a bad coach, but he did the worst job of executing. 'cause the team played so hard. And I think the Raptors were number two against the spread. And depending on what number you got to summer, they're gonna end up being an over team, which I think I, unless they throw away in the last four games, I think it's chance they play Too hard.


So I'm, I'm not even comparing 'em to Monty Williams, but I'm zagging a bit on the nomination of like, hey, what, why are, why are you getting these? Like there's certain nights with their lineups where I'd go, what the hell is, and then they'd win again. I'm gonna pick Coach Bud, because Phoenix seems the most uninspired night tonight with the most guys that really don't seem like they gave a shit about what happens in the game. I thought Bradley Beal's performance in the Celtics game the other night was one of the most reprehensible things I've seen in a while. And I really hope if anyone missed it, go, go watch some of his minutes in that game. And if you wanna see somebody just completely mail it in. It was, it was awful.


Did you see it? It was awful. Yeah, He's, I mean there shouldn't even be any other nominees for another award a little bit later. I imagine we're aligned on that. Yeah, Well I had the 2015 Brad Stevens award for most untangle coach and I had your Toronto guy, Jordy Fernandez, will Hardy and Chauncey Billups action pack category. So you'd go the Toronto guy for that one too? Yeah. Yeah. I didn't know that was a category, so I wouldn't have done that to you. No, no, I I, I think he can win both. Has Anyone ever done That before? A double. A double. I have Jordy, they're just like trying to trade dudes, get guys off the team to make them worse. And that team over and over again every, it's same thing as S Toronto.


Everyone plays hard. He's a really good in-game coach and he's just stolen games left and right, so kudos to him. Speaking of Chauncey Billups, the late 1990s Chauncey Billups Award, for best reason, never to sell your stock, our guy, scoot Henderson, that's it. There's no other nominees. Scoot Henderson. I was talking to a team this morning about this and their quote, so it's not coming from me, but was that this, we need to have more patience with guards the way you have to think the game now with the number of defenses that you're seeing. It's almost like quarterbacking now. Like, hey, are they in zone? Is the safety coming down?


Is all this different stuff? Like there's just so much variation for what you're having to face. And I think Kate Cunningham's a great example of this. Like you saw the physical talent, you imagine he was gonna be able to shoot it. Well and then at that size with the passing that we saw from Oklahoma State, it's like how this just isn't gonna work out. Now granted he had some really alarming numbers finishing at the rims, inability to finish at the rim, but you saw clearly, and it helped them having spacing too. But once he started kind of figuring things out a little bit, it just, there might be a lesson in there for some of these lottery pick guards that look lost early on. So maybe there's a Scoot lesson in there as well.


I'm gonna go backwards to two guys. I specifically mentioned, remember for this, because this might have always been a lesson and we just forgot Kevin Johnson, Kevin Johnson on Cleveland. I remember going to a Cab Celtics game and watching him just look like a deer in the headlights. I went with my dad and we were like, wow, that guy seemed like a bust and then they traded him for Larry Nance and he was awesome. And then Billups on Boston, I was going to those games. Games. Now Patina was yelling at everybody and he lost his confidence. They traded him after 50 games and then he bounced around. He went to Denver. He went to Toronto. Like he, he bounced around before he finally landed on Minnesota when he rejuvenated his career.


But I would just never give up on a high pick after a year or two if I was a team that drafted them. Quarterback's a little different. We've had some quarterbacks where it's like, I mean, when did we know Josh Rosen? Like a, like the second play of his career where it's just like, ah, that guy's, it's a wrap. I Was not, I wasn't that quick on Josh Rosen. So you Weren't, you stayed in, how long did you stay Longer? 'cause I think it was a game against, I forget if it was SC or maybe it was Arizona, where I thought he was reading the blitz perfectly and hitting the tight end. So yeah, I felt for it. Terrell, Brandon, maybe part of this group.


That's a good one. Yeah. Even somebody like Brian Shaw who was really up and down and then turned into an awesome role player for a couple different playoff teams. Yeah, I like your quarter. I like your quarterback point guard thing. The Freeman Williams Award for biggest black hole. This isn't as fun as last year when Cam Thomas was just the obvious winner. I went with Lalo, which you made the case for on your pod a couple months ago. But even though he's 21 points, three field goal attempts a game in 32 minutes. So he's basically taking two shots every three minutes. He's got a 36 usage rate and the team doesn't win. So I don't feel great about it, but I thought he was the best option. Who'd you have?


Yeah. 'cause there's some, an alarm like alarming shot numbers that we've gone over where it was the most shots, I think per 100 possession since Kobe in 2006. And it's like, okay. But I mean there was even discussions then of like, okay, Kobe's amazing, but is this awesome? You know? Yeah. And then again like how dare you even bring it up? And then you mention the team around him and all that kind of stuff. Even if I feel like everybody be guess, be like, Hey Priscilla's just gonna jump on this Lalo thing because of that stuff that you're already talking about. He's such a good passer that I don't think the black hole thing applies to him. Like I have to. I have to watch you and think you never want pass. You just, good point.


You don't want to, and I think Mello actually wants to pass a ton. I mean there's a sneaky part of this circling back to the start of the pod where we're talking about Cooper and where he could go. Like, can you imagine him on LOBs from Lalo? Yeah. Like what if, you know, is there a version of this Lalo thing where it works where he scales down the shot attempts a little, he has some better play. Like, you know, again, I'm, I'm probably, I sound like I'm in the marketing room with the front office of the Hornets going, Hey, as They try to shop them, Right? Right. Yeah. We, We have, We have. So we're selling a Lot of choices. You didn't wanna give him Up. Right? Right. Couple couple options for you here. Yeah. Delano bla Banton from Portland.


I was like, that guy doesn't like passing. That's a really good one. He really doesn't. But then his assist percentage number on the advanced stuff was so much higher than I thought it would be. I was like, all right, that's, that's not the numbers. Don't back up the eyes on that, but I'm just telling you that guy's not, he's thinking shoot first. Yeah, if you've watched, if you've watched enough Portland, which you know, some of us like watching Portland play. So then I looked at top 15 in field goal attempts, not per game, just raw field goal attempt total. I did this same Jalen Green's fourth, he's taking the fourth most shots this season in the league. And that true Jalen. Yeah, Jalen was awesome the other night against okc.


Yeah. Okay. He's been good last month. I've been impressed They need him. But if you go by the 1,394 shots, that's again 1,394 shots this year. So I looked at it, I was like, all right, who, let's say top 15 shot attempt guys total on the season. Yeah. He's the only one. He's the only one under 300 assists. The Rosen is the only one close to him at three 16 and Jaylen's at like two 60 something. Now you could also say, Hey, scale it out to 16 field goal attempts. And then Jaren Jackson Jr. Who I love, like it's, but then I go, okay, but nobody's giving it to Jaron Jackson, Jr. Saying, all right, now set up the offense. Maybe we don't have a black hole.


Maybe. Maybe the award's defunct. I looked at the Resche numbers there, it was high volume. I was surprised. But what are you asked to do? But when you start getting into like 7% assist ratio, like Jordan Clarkson had some years, you're like, man, yeah, not a lot of playmaking there. So some of it feels a little bit like, okay, but once the ball is passed to me, what are you more meaning you and I like, what are you morons expect me to do? Like, you realize how I fit into our offense. Like I'm not, I'm not getting the ball to set it back up. So I think it has to be on somebody who's you're still expecting to maybe make a few plays here and there. Cam Thomas's stats are basically almost exactly the same as last year.


So he's probably the winner, even though I feel I felt way better watching him this year than it did last year. But yeah, we don't really have the, that's why even like Lalo, I was like, eh, I, I don't know, maybe we leave this to funk to share what's, we got some media words Coming up, so, so let's take a break before we get to this.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra. Michelob Ultra, a superior light beer in the ultimate trophy. Win or lose. You're bound to enjoy the ride with a good beer in hand. Michelob ultra crisp, refreshing only 95 calories, a superior light beer, no matter the game Sporter, season superior is worth playing for. So sign up for ultra courtside@michelobultra.com slash courtside and you can enjoy some of these games with nice beer in your hand. Enjoy responsibly copyright 2025 Anheuser-Busch Michelob Ultra Registered Light Beer. St. Louis, Missouri Must be 21 plus to order alcohol, alcohol available only in select markets.


This episode is brought to by the Home Depot. It's starting to look like spring and spring starts with savings at the Home Depot. There are savings for every project, whether you're starting with a queen slate with convenient cordless power, like a new pressure washer or leaf blower, or starting to love the art again with colorful flowers and fresh mulch. Start your spring with early savings at the Home Depot. Shop now@homedepot.com.


Alright, this is one of the big categories. This is like in the Oscars, when all of a sudden they're doing like, you know, best supporting actor, you're like, whoa, we're doing this now. It's the perk thinks Yage Pads, his stats award for worst sports media take of the year about basketball. I'm sure you have a couple nominees written down too. I wrote down four Perk saying Steph shouldn't be an all star, all of Colin Cowards. Tatum takes like all of them for five straight months, which I went on his show two weeks ago and made fun of him for Marcus Morris has been debuting some yoic stuff lately that i, I, I really wanna talk about.


And then Gilbert Arena saying Bronny would be top five for Rookie of the year. If you played 36 minutes a game was an actual arenas take That Is that if you were playing 36 minutes a game somewhere like that, I feel like Every rookie playing 36 minutes a game is probably in the running for Rookie of the Year. Year. Any other this year? Any other ones that jumped out for you? I think about the Perk Yoic Westbrook video once a week. The Step Pad? Yeah. It's been years. It's been years. And I can't stop thinking about it. Every time he talks about Yoic, I can't unwind it because I know what he was doing.


And there was, there was the video of like, it was kind of like the thinking emoji face. And I kept thinking like of all the times that I'll, I'll admit the disconnect of me never playing in any game that ever mattered in this sport that I'm in love with and is basically my career. And then somebody who did play is capable of suggesting that because one guy gets triple doubles, it's the same as the other guy getting triple doubles. I just, it makes my head explode. Okay. I can't, I still don't have an answer as to how it even happened. So Perks been on a bit of a heater.


He had SGA and the Defensive Player of the year conversation the other night when they were talking to MVP. Oh no. And it was like, yeah, it was like, why is SGA not being mentioned for defensive player of the year? And I thought like, well, 'cause it's March and we know that he isn't. And he's actually, if Wallace isn't on the floor, like the one guy, not to say that he's a bad defensive player, but he's, he's not even like one of the three or four best defensive players on his own team. Although he's gotten defensive, all defensive team votes, I think it was a couple years ago, was, he's A good defensive player, but yeah, he's, he's done the same thing with Dort and Caruso and Wallace, Right? So that made me like, I had a relapse on the Yoic Westbrook thing when I was watching that.


And so then I saw the Mark Marcus Morris stuff with Yoic and I was like, you know, first take's probably sitting there going, this is great. Is there anybody that we can find that's kind of in the mix, played not playing. Maybe we can figure out if he fits in to what we're doing, but like back different background than Yoic. Like is there anybody available who could come on and just shit on Yoic a little bit? Was there anybody that Yoic shoved from behind really hard and knocked him out for 20 games, Right? It's his brother, but is there anybody, is there anybody that would like, fit into what we're doing here? And it's like, I've got the guy, I've got the guy. And then he went, they must've been high fiving him being like, you fit in perfectly to, to what we're Doing.


So you think that was in the meeting, he, he test drove it and they were like, that's great. You should say that. Could you say not top 50? That was really good because When I saw the clip it was like, no way. Marcus Morris kind of shit on Yoic a little. All right, next category is the most shameless LeBron related media moment of the year. And unfortunately there were too many this year with, with people in the media. And we're just gonna skip this award, including a couple last week that I was just stupefied by. Let's move on. The Virginia Beach Kings Award for most contrived story on a slow news day.


I'll give you the nominees. This is I think another, another action pack. Great category Stephen a versus LeBron for 10 days. The story that Minnesota at the deadline came really close to getting Kevin Durant, even though they're on the 13th apron and it's like physically impossible for them to make any sort of trade that would've allowed it. I enjoyed that. Anything, any story that involves an ex player in a podcast taking a shot at a current player, throwing that in there. Any story that made it seem like Joel Embiid was now ramping up to play, ramping throwing there. And then my favorite Paul George has paused his podcast to concentrate on the 76 er season.


I thought I had no notes. I thought that was a tour de force. It's the podcast. Blame me. It's the, oh some blame you for that. What else do you have for most contrived story and a slow to this day? I'm gonna blame myself for this one, but I wrote out a Ani Kamara open that I didn't do on my pod That you didn't do. You were gonna do a, you knew a Kamara Open. Yeah. Wow. That was like A tough headline. Yeah, I probably would've led with the guest on the tweet of that episode. Kamara underrated. I think my help, my favorite, my favorite Contrive story is the Durant Trade, though that was my favorite.


I can't believe Minnesota was floating that out. Like there was ever a chance in a million years they had a chance to get Kevin Durant when all the rules make it literally impossible. You know what, off of that though, I think we could have bring it back to the Luca thing that we haven't even brought up yet, is that when it happened, all we were doing with whatever contacts you had is like, did you know he was available? And I was like, no, no. Did you hear this? No, no he wasn't. He wasn't or whatever. And then it like took a couple Weeks, never heard anything, no calls it, It took a couple weeks for us to be fed the idea that he was offered for Ant and that he was offered for Giannis. And then it became, again, it depends on who you believe. 'cause I don't know that any of this stuff was officially reported, but the sense you got from it, I think you and I would agree.


So I'm assuming a bit here where it was like, yeah, a team called us about a trade. Yeah, but they didn't say, they didn't say he was available. They said what would it take to get Giannis? And we were like, what are you talking about? Yeah. Oh, another big award, the McKey award for Best American white guy, previous winners included Chet Holmgren, Tyler Hero, Kevin Love, and Mike Miller. So This's a prestigious one. Mike Miller actually was close to having the white belt here. He had it, he won it somewhere in the mid two thousands. He grabbed, I'm Not saying it's, I'm not saying it's wrong, but Sometimes it's, sometimes it's a weak field.


This year it's a strong field. Chet Holmgren, Tyler Hira, Austin Reeves, we'll throw Pritchard in there just to have have four candidates. But this is probably the best category we've had. Now Holmgren's missed a punch of time so I'm gonna penalize him and make it between Hero and Reeves. And I gotta say, I think it's Reeves, it's Holmgren. If we don't care that he missed the games 'cause he's the best out of those guys. But I think if you're going by the season, it's Reeves. Right? But just to review Caitlyn, Clark, American White Guys, Trump, Cooper, flag White, Lotus been a big year.


Flag was a hit last night. So you agree that it's it's reefs or would you go home Grin on 30 games? God this was a really tough ca I think there was a time where we were wondering if McDermott was the answer. We had bad years for this. Yeah. Yeah. Be like, that's why I just gave you that timeline. What's been going on? Let's see. I'll go Chet sealing, but if you wanna ding him for not playing what he's the 29 games and Reeves has had to really carry the Team. You know what? You're right. Chet's the best out of those guys. We don't have the all NBA rules where it's 55 games or more.


We're just going Best white guy, he's the best white guy. Dennis Rodman Award for best ongoing distraction nominees Mbbi. He's going out with his knee, he's gonna play today. Uhoh Setback. He's ramping up. Ah, setback. Oh he's ramping up Zion. Is he playing? Oh he's hurt. Whoa. He had 38 points at 17 rebounds last night. Oh, where is he? He is not there anymore. John Morant. Jimmy Butler in Miami. Not the Jimmy Butler goal on stage. Jimmy Butler, Miami. And then last one, here's where I'm gonna put our guy, mark Cuban for his, it's not my fault Media tour. After probably two weeks of getting hammered by everyone in Dallas.


Why did you trade Luca Dja since him explaining that they didn't, he finally felt the need to give multiple interviews rubbing salt into the open wound of the Luca trade. So who do you have for this best ongoing distraction? Biggest, There's such a recency bias with awards. I think Jimmy Butler needs to be recognized here. I think you're right. It's, it was because It started, it started the playoffs last year. Yep. I think you're right. Plus watching how great of a teammate and contributor and the way the Golden State guys are talking about him, how amazing he is. And he can score nine points at five rebounds and still impact a game in these 19 ways.


And Steph loves him. Draymon loves him. Kerr loves him. I think it's the right answer. He was slow though in that Lakers game and it was something that maybe I wouldn't notice as much if I wasn't there. But he, he basically took off like I think the first 14 minutes it was so strange. I think he's played a lot of minutes the last 25 games in a way that hasn't really happened in a while. And it, I, I've noticed a little bit of the same thing that it seems like he's a little bit dead legs, but you know, there was, they're in the grind now they're trying to get, trying to get a top three, top four seed. I don't think they have any choice.


I was surprised he played on Friday night. But I think these guys, you know, at this point it's such a dramatic difference to be three or four versus falling down. Now you eight is the scary one. Nobody wants to be eight people will play these guys and back to backs, whatever. They don't, nobody wants to be eight. So that's it. Oh the Jim Coughlin award for you think you're better than me. Last year this was won by the LeBron JJ pod I, I guess we could give it to the Nash LeBron Pod this year. The Mind The Game. I don't know if you had any other candidates. I've learned to love Shaq. I didn't really appreciate him when I was younger.


Hmm. I guess I did from a basketball sense, but I was never necessarily like rooting for him. And I think at that point, once he was at the Lakers, I was certainly more into my commonwealth phase. So it wasn't likely that I was going to root for him. So I've learned to love him. He feels incredibly sincere. You know, somebody that's a public figure, his honesty, the way he is talked about stuff. But I mean just I'd say you think you're better than me would be Shaq against anyone that's currently playing. Like he just can't help himself and will have these games that are just incredible performances And then somehow the conversation just pivots back to that they couldn't guard him. And if I were a producer, I'd go, dude, you have figured it out.


You're great on this show. It was a really tough show to come into. You know, in the beginning I thought was Shaq. Yeah That first year was bad. Yeah. Is this going to work? Is he looking at those other two guys being like, I was a better player than you show. I should be a bigger star than you. But it's like, Hey Charles, it's just a star of the show. And then everybody kind of plays off of that and for whatever reason, like it almost feels so important that they developed him. Like they've, he's done a great job developing himself on television, developing himself on television. Everybody behind the scenes. Like it's, it's really important that he's there. And I would say to him if I were on the show, he'd be like, just be a like be cautious of playing the same note over and over again. Especially when you have a night in the NBA that's like should be celebrated.


That's good note. Oh this is a great one. The Andre Blat award for most immediately regrettable extension and somehow we had six nominees including Joel Embiid. I'm throwing Lori Marketing in Jamal Murray throwing him in. Brandon Ingram happened during the season. Patrick Williams and Scotty Barnes. The answer is obviously Joel em beat. But it's just fun that we had six nominees and Markin I I, I shoehorned a couple in there that probably weren't that regrettable but it is Joe Em Beat is our answer. I'm saving Ingram for something else. That's totally fine. Marketing surprise you would nominate.


Although it's a bit alarming but I think that team had just so many on ball guys that were young and they were like, we wanna lose anyway so we're not gonna worry about it. The Patrick Williams won Sneaky deserves like a lot of credit here. Five for 90. Yeah and he's just, he had a dunked at it the other night and I was like this is awesome. They're also down 30 I think to Oklahoma City within minutes of the game. But the MBI and the MBI timeline of it is really why there shouldn't be anybody else receiving votes for this one. Would you consider changing the name next year from Andre Blatch to Joel and Beat Award if, if MB doesn't come back next year or did Andre, I think it's too good having an extension that got amnestied in making NBA history that way.


Well should that just cement the award for him forever? I have a really soft spot for Andre Atch. Okay. Okay. Like we used to talk about him all the time with Van Pelt and I did Wizards Daily because if you go back to those BLA years, that group and then I followed black Twitter, the Bla Twitter. Yeah that was your first book be Yeah. I didn't get, I mean I still have to pay the advance back but they had a thing where they would be on the road and like I think one guy on the team complained about having to pay a cover charge going to a club. Like they were just constantly sharing with you everything that you could assume about like where their heads were at that season. And early Internet too. And the early social media internet, which made it more fun.


Blatch's profile pick was incredible. So I followed immediately and then every now and then he would just drop these gems and then like they'd had a bad losing streak again and I felt bad for him 'cause he was like just walking around trying to figure it out. It was like late at night. The other thing, I don't know if this could ever be a category, I don't know if it's a segment but it could be Horniest guy on Twitter. Because I'll tell you with the four you feed, you know look, if you see somebody cute, you might look on a profile picture, right? And then next thing you know you go like, Hey this guy likes cute girls. Yeah. Which I think makes, makes, you know, checks a lot of boxes for a lot of American males out there. So then you'll see like a picture and you'll go oh this guy follows her.


And then if I'm being honest, I've k I've kept track of it a little bit. Oh. Or I'll go, there's a few dudes that are not afraid to hit that follow button and it just does circle back to the wizard. So I would like to have you keep it Andre Blatch forever just because I like talking about him. I miss Him. He made a great case, great Passer for his size ball handling The 2025 Ewing theory award for Star most likely to be Ewing theory next season. I have John Marant, Zion and Booker as my three candidates. Booker eligible never won a title.


It's gotta be Ja. I agree. Although Jah had the the game winner the other night and had some Memphis fans puff in their chest out out a little bit about it and then yeah I don I don't they beat right. We'll see he's, He's your guy. I understand we've been through this before. Okay we know how it works. He's your guy. He's given you a lot of special moments so you're gonna defend his guy. But I would say to the Memphis fans that are confused on why Jah would be fined versus other players doing the same salute. Like all you have to do is go through the timeline and all the stuff and the Jalen Rose interview and all the things that he had to go through, which again he brought on himself and it's fine.


Like I'm not watching him going, oh I don't like this guy because of all this shit in the past. But it's fairly common sense that you end up being punished based on how often you kind of fall into this category. And That's why Josh some of the dream on stuff he gets, he gets punished for a different level of scrutiny because of the past behavior. Welcome to life, The Lou Brown Award out of nowhere team that surprised us the most. Detroit, Portland and Houston I think are the three. And I would have to say as great as the Portland Houston out of nowhere seasons were, it has to be Detroit. That team was all time rock bottom last year and turned into a really fun league pass team.


They're gonna be a seed probably playing the Knick and round one. There's gonna be at least one awesome near fight in that in thing. Cade turned into a real guy and for me it's Detroit. Who is it for you? So Detroit's the only team in a full season to triple their win total. So 14 and 68 last year. And I probably said too many times last season going as bad as they are. How are they worse than Washington? Yeah. Roster wise. Like this team has so many other things that I like about it versus what the Wizards had and they still ended up finishing behind them, which speaks to the money thing, which you may never get a chance to change that award 'cause it's not just gonna be on record. It is about a dude who took a job who apparently had no interest in learning about his own players like it is an A, it's a comical Series and they're still taking shots at him a year later.


Anyone associated with that team is still pretty bummed out about how he approached the job last season. Yeah, for A variety of ways. Now there's a technical thing historically on tripling your wind total because the Bobcats in 2012 finished its seven and 59 mm and then went 21 and 61 the next year. But remember that was a shorter season. Yeah. So they had less games to play, less chances. There's not a Bobcat. Are you gonna do a Bobcats documentary or would that be straight to, is anybody gonna do that? Have you been? Probably A one. Probably a one. Parter Seems right. Let's, we'll take one more break and then we have some good awards left.


Alright. One of our big categories, the ML car trying to trade for a retired Michael Jordan award for goofiest but possibly real offseason subplot. I have five What ifs for you? This is for the summer. What if the Lakers shopped Luca? What if Katie opted out and signed for a vet minimum to chase a title? What if Zion and Ja were in the same three team trade? What if Paul George demanded a trade and what if Phoenix said fuck this and just stretch Bradley Beal. Those are my five nominees for goofiest but possibly real off season subplot Without knowing the nominees I had Beal and that you're dealing with somebody who seems totally happy just going, I don't care.


Yeah and that's dangerous. Send the checks every two weeks. But what you go is it, do you think there's any scenario where where he goes, alright, like I know you don't want me to be here and you guys brought me off the bench for this stretch and this hasn't been a good season. I mean I don't know. I mean what's the market for him on top of everything else? Does that fix their problems? Probably not because he's at this point Damage. There's only one way to do it at this point that, and it's happened a couple times in the history of the NBA. I remember Reggie Theus was a good one. I can't remember if he was on the Bulls or the Kings, but he just got benched and they just didn't play him and they basically tried to break him.


That cap situation was way different back then than it is now. But I, that's Phoenix's last resort is to just not play him anymore and you know, be like all right, we'll keep paying you but you're not gonna play basketball. So I think it will get to be okay Game of chicken. He might be okay with it though. That's the problem. Yeah, That whatever I watched in that Boston game I was really startled by. I hadn't seen anything remotely approached that in a while. It doesn't in the social media era, it doesn't really happen. By The way, when he also was out for that stretch, there was this kind of tease Phoenix moment where they were, I liked the way they were playing again for like 10 days or something like that.


Yeah. And then they got killed and Durant got hurt and the moment was over. So Phoenix stretching Bradley Beal, which nobody's been stretch with two years and a hundred million left on their deal. But as a way to get under the second apron and just basically take the hit for the next five years. It's not inconceivable the Zza Kuli award for the one rule that absolutely needs to be changed. What did you have for this Off arm drives from the offensive player? It's, you know, I'm, this isn't my big rant like last year where I, I just kind of lost my mind on that podcast but I think we're all better for it.


But this is just, there's certain players, it's kind of the PJ Washington where yeah guys are hitting the hole like a running back and they have that forearm locked out. Yeah, Dian Davion Mitchell had one the other night where he drove and hit a defender so hard and then got the shot up and there was like a little bit of contact coming back towards him and Davion looked at the rest like, are you guys kidding me? He touched me. And you're like, dude, you are mad. Yeah you off armed this guy. So I think there's a little little cleaning up that has to be done on how aggressive the off arm is of the ball handler on drives. I like it. I have two runner up and then my number one I'll make the annual plea. Please don't let coaches challenge block charges anymore.


Let's just say the call is the call and we just move on. I never wanna watch another replay of a review of a block charge. I don't think guys should be able to have to eat the field goal attempt on a half court shot. I'm just getting rid of that. Make it a team shot the same way they have like team rebounds because then I think it would inspire more people to try to take half quarter three quar shots. This and we might have a couple, how about this? If You care about your field goal percentage that much that you end up seven to 15 instead of seven to 16, don't ask for the fucking ball on the inbounds. How about what the guys just run away away from doesn't care. Right? That's what drives me crazy is like, so now you're gonna pretend that you didn't get the shot off time 'cause you didn't wanna hurt your field goal percentage.


Stop getting the ball in the inbounds. Let the other guys that don't care and understand like as absurd as the shot is that they're not more worried about a couple percentage points. I also think we should have 22nd instant replay challenges where within 20 seconds it's like you think no and we just flip it and keep the game going versus like the five minutes. But here's my big one and you know what, I almost had this last year and I think it's gotten worse this year and I really hate it and I don't know where, where the end game is, but the rolling the ball and the inbounds pass so the clock starts but the shock clock doesn't start. And this whole game of like the ball's just gonna roll and we're gonna kill time.


And then somebody's like, all right, fine, I'm gonna run. First of all, somebody's gonna get injured on this at some point somebody's gonna dive into somebody else's legs and somebody's gonna lose their knee. I just think it's so fucking stupid. You roll the ball in the shock clock should start and the game clock should start. I don't know why they do it this way and I would change this. So that's my passion for the She Illa. Yeah, I'm cool with that. I don't know that we're ever gonna get shorter reviews. We might pretend we are, but Well 22nd quickie reviews. I left this award open for you, the Ben Simmons award for best Ben Simmons moment. I figured you'd have something and you could just go. Yeah, he had a push shot the other night. It was a couple weeks ago where it was pretty ugly coming out. But then it went in and then based on the confidence from that first one going in, he had hit back to back shots within a few minutes of each other, which I think has to be one of the highest output moments we've had in a rotation.


I thought it was that until last night. Play in Dallas, di Anthony Davis is on the left side. He has a primary defender on him. Simmons is the low man and Simmons rotated to double Anthony Davis and then communicated in a way that you don't see where it was almost like, hey you see Davis over there, this is like while the clock is going I'm gonna now go over here and double team 'em. So you've gotta slide over if somebody cuts behind me And everybody's like, great, that's awesome. And then Davis ran. So I thought it was great communication even if it felt a little slower than what I'm used to. Well so you went positive Benson's moments. Yeah, I was gonna go for the, the preseason media day for the Nets when he said how he's gonna be a leader this year for the team.


I had that Buyout watch was fun. Then They bought him out. The 2010 Baron Davis Award for single best mail-in this is I think the toughest category we've had so far because you could make a small case for Paul George on the Sixers most years, but not this year. Jimmy Butler on Miami and Bradley Beal just the whole season. And it is like bird magic in the mid eighties. We could argue about this for days. I personally think it's Butler on Miami because he was willfully trying to force their hand to get traded and doing all kinds of things.


But I, I also can't shake Beal and I don't wanna have co-winners so I'm gonna, I'm gonna let you pick. Yeah, I mean if you're just going Jimmy, but you know, like any great drama, he's got that kind of redemptive arc right now. As annoying as that may be. And I would expect Miami fans should be annoyed. Like I, I guess, You know, it's hard to Pretend that you're in, but I'll never understand, lacing them up, going to play basketball and then going, I don't care if I look bad. I can't imagine having that inside of you where you would go, well that guy scored on me 'cause I don't care. Or I didn't try to help us win because I don't care and I'm, I'm just not gonna, I'm just not really gonna play that hard.


I've already made my money or whatever. Like you'd think some of that stuff like at least with all the bullshit that Durant has gone through, where some of it I think is unfair. Some of it is certainly fair and he is brought it on himself. So I'm not absolving a blame here but you know, it's been a pretty soap opera ish second half of Durant's career. Yeah. But there's never been a moment where I've seen him going through all of his stuff where I haven't, like I've never questioned how much he wanted to play basketball. I think once he finally gets out there runs like he wants to beat you the entire time. And look there's 450, 500 plus players over the course of a season. There's gonna be a couple guys that actually don't really love basketball and don't really care. But I can't imagine actually being really good.


Like Beal's an incredibly talented player. We all know how good Jimmy can be. It'll forever blow my mind that somebody has that ability and maybe that's just a disconnect of them looking at it as a job. And I'm still just in love with the game of going like, I don't care if I look bad in front of all these people that came to see me tonight because I'm getting paid and I don't care. So my tiebreaker would be Peele because Yeah, it's, yeah, I think that's the right answer because at least Butler, something really seemingly catastrophic happened with him and Pat Riley and there's some sort of breach, whoever was right, whoever was wrong that made it impossible for Butler to play even at a decent level for them anymore. He was just broken in Miami.


I don't know what Beal's excuse is. And look, the metrics are the worst. He, he's been at since his third year in the league. The last time he's played I think more than 60 games is 2018, 19. So even when the trade was made and we understand how talented he is. 'cause I remember I had said like if you go through this, this guy's missing like 20, 25% of the season and there was some pushback 'cause I was using total games on the shortened seasons and it's like, okay, but you're still, you're making an excuse for a guy that doesn't seem like he's available enough. He's, he just doesn't on top of everything else. Yeah. Which again, you know, if you're Phoenix with the effort that you get from him on certain nights, you'd almost rather him not be available.


We gotta rip through a couple awards here. The Shame Batier Award for Sloan Conference stat, darling du this just happened. That big article on Yogi's defense and him kicking, kicking passes and how he's had the most kicked passes in in this decade and more kick passes this whole thing about yoic like the actually his defense, by the way, I've always felt this way. I think when you take like the best players, I still feel like I felt this way about Steph. I felt this way about Bird and Magic once upon a time. Even though magic would get torched by small guards. But those guys were always, they're always in steals. They were always like could read what the other teams was doing.


They were always good coming at a timeouts on defense. But I like this whole yoic thing. And then the other candidate for this is Yoic is on off stuff is just the most incredible it's ever been. I mean when he plays they have a like a 1 25 0.4 rating or something like that, which would be the best ever. And when he doesn't play their 30th in the league on offense. So they're either best all time or worst in the league depending on whether he plays or not. There's so many good advanced stats that I, I swear I don't, I think there's gonna be some late yoic momentum for MVP next week. Even though it seems like Shay has it locked up. I think the stats are so crazy and I don't wanna spoil next week's pod.


The stats are so crazy and the season has been so unbelievable. Fandel has Shea at like minus a thousand or something like that. I don't know if it's over yet. That's all I'm gonna say. Sounds like somebody's leaning Yoic. Ah, nobody's leaning anywhere. The David Kahan award for worst GM performance. So my big question is, does this now become the Nico Harrison award? Did he do enough to supplant David Kahn who took Johnny Flynn and Ricky Rubio over Steph Curry among 17 other terrible things he did. Okay. Nico was good last year. Okay, so just one bad, one bad night.


Pretty bad one. This isn't, I can't believe I called her. It's like I can't believe I married a cocktail waitress in Thailand. Yeah, well nominees Nico Harrison Sacramento firing Mike Brown and then Panic Trading Dear and Fox New Orleans. Throwing Dyson Daniels into the Murray Trade. Miami's entire handling of the Jimmy Butler deal or Denver being 5 million under the second apron and not having a bench. Those would be my David Conna word. Worst front office nominees. But the answer is Nico Harrison.


But I'd least think you should bring up Messiah. 'cause Messiah is now, Oh with all the extensions. Great. Let's add him. Right. So Messiah sight unseen with Ingram gave him three years, 120 million guaranteed. And you could say he hasn't played a game for him yet. And sight unseen, obviously he knows what he's doing. Look at the free agent thing that we teased earlier. Like maybe there's a number out there for Ingram that's higher than we could imagine. Which is usually the lesson that we hear, or I should say experience every time we start going like, oh why is that guy gonna make that much money? And then you get signed to it. But it's Scotty Barnes Ingram quickly, RJ Barrett and Perle next year for a combined $156.4 million. It's Seven seed that best.


I don't know. I mean look, what if they get their players back and play maybe with dark? Who knows? I mean they've, they've outperformed everything you could possibly imagine in the second half of the year. So maybe they're just developing all the guy, maybe they'll be the deepest team in the league next year. It's just an expensive five. I'd love Five for that five. I'd love to know why Denver didn't do a little bit more this year. I don't understand how their benches this bad when you are being blessed with the best offensive player since knows when. No not top 20 but pretty good. Yeah. Not top 20 but close. Yeah, just wanna shut them.


You have this amazing asset you have to spend when you have an asset like that and they're not doing it and they own other teams. It's not like they don't have the money. It's very strange to me. You know what though is this might be the, I drafted these guys. I brought in Pickett, I brought in Watson, you know, I brought in Swat. You know, just Trust me. I know what I'm doing. Well I don't think you do 'cause I think a lot of people would wanna play Denver in the playoffs. The way this is shaken out, Denver and Memphis are the two teams. I think people are fine playing as great as Yoko is. It'll be funny if they get bounced out the, I'm just advanced scouting Yoko Shake.


There was a fly in front of me for those watching on the clip. I'm advanced scouting it. 'cause if he loses in the first round then it's gonna be like, can we get Marcus Morris back in here? We see. Can we have him least outside the building? I would say them and Memphis are the two best candidates for the four Oh sweep In round one. If we were gonna have a shocking, I can't believe that team got swept. I would've. Denver and Memphis, the Vitali PATCO award for worst deadline trade named after the time Rick Pitino during a strike season gave up an unprotected first around pick for vital PATCO that turned out they could have either taken Sean Marion or Andre Miller and they didn't get either 'cause they got a backup center.


So I don't love Miami dumping Dennis Schroder for no reason when they got him in that deal. When they clearly kind of wanna be a playoff team I guess. But at the Mark Williams trade, when you have Luca and you have this chance in the west for the Lakers to do that trade and then to back out of it and then just kind of get nothing and now it's unquestioning gonna haunt them in the playoffs that they don't have a center. I have to nominate that worst deadline is the trade is the Mark Williams cancellation trade. That's what I have. I don't know what's gonna happen with LA here. I don't know what's gonna happen in the west. Okay. Other than I think OK C's gonna beat all of these teams and I'd be really, really surprised if they're not representing the West.


I think they're that good me as well. And they have all of these options and it's hard to find like a flaw with them. I mean I think, well We saw one Friday night, What would you say that is? The double big lineup that had some issues. They kind of got pounded on the boards in a way that I was like, oh okay. Little slight fly. I fly, fly in the ointment. Alright. Credit to Eime too for the, the double big patients. Because early with Adams, Adam was Good in that game. You watch that game, Adams was like, they were like impactful on that came night. Yeah. Yeah. I dunno that wasnt nothing But no, I, I came back in after a tough day on the seas and then watched it late and it's sometimes you're better watching it when you know what happened.


Yeah. Because now you're not watching it with anticipation. You're just watching trying to figure out what was going on. And you know, I think there'll be, you know, sometimes like this is being really, really critical of an awesome team historically here. Yeah. But there'll be some like Caseon Wallace minutes where you go, well is that, and then I'm like, what are you, what are you mad about all eight guys not being off the charts. Impossible to deal with on Yeah. Both ends of the floor. Because I think last year as we were ramping up for the playoffs, like right around this time last year, we were talking Celtics and you just laid it all out, like whatever your issues are. And I think we both had 'em with some of the late offensive stuff. There's still games with the Celtics offense. I'm like, is this still really good? And then it's like last 15 second offense.


It's like, yeah it is. It is that good. At some point math becomes math, right? There's math is outrageous. I'd like Drew Holiday to have the ball on his hands more often on some of these threes. But they, that's just what they're gonna do. Yeah. And so even if there's a night where I don't really love it and then you go check the numbers again and be like, Hey, you just, you have to love it. Move on. Accept it. You laid out the stat profile historically point differential in all this stuff. What OKC is doing right now puts them at least on a regular season list of one of the all time special teams. Are you the same place with them now that you were with Boston last year? Where it was a bit of a wake up of like, hey, whatever you think of this team, they're awesome and headed to the playoffs and should be the clear favorite and we should stop questioning it just because it feels new with them.


Even if they Were the finals. I think they're the clear favorite in the west. The only difference with them in Boston is Boston at least had had a bunch of guys who had been in a, a bunch of big games and big situations and okc, I shouldn't Even say it's new. You're right. No, but that's, but that, that's the only thing you're gonna nitpick on if you're gonna OK Cs. It's like, well we just have to kind of see it. They gotta win four straight rounds. They're gonna be playing some of the best players in the league and some of the best players of all time. And let's see. But the math, the math is saying it would be a complete aberration if they didn't make the finals. Like something really, really truly fluky would've happened. And then when they played Boston, we've seen those games and they had really two fourth quarters where they, they really stuck it to Boston.


So yeah, if you're betting your life OKCs the pick, I don't think there's any question, but who knows. I did. I did. I did that Houston game gave me a little hope or like, oh, I wonder if we'll see this in the playoffs. I wonder if teams are gonna try to bang 'em around. Let's do the Team Moran Award for best most polarizing NBA family member, which I think was obviously Bronny this year. Just 'cause of all the content you generated. We don't need to cover all the other family members. This one I'm really excited about because this is really where you shine. And I'll be interested to see how many guys we have in the same list. The Reggie Lewis. I don't know, I just like this guy Award for a young guy who doesn't play much, but you just kind of like last year Kamar was on our list for this.


I have the following nominees and feel free to throw in anybody else. The two nets guys. Keon Johnson, Jalen Wilson, those guys just fucking play hard every game. Every time I watch the Nets, I'm like, Jesus Christ, this guy's really give a shit. Bryce SBA on Utah. I dunno how much Utah you've watched, but the catch and ch numbers are are are crazy. Like he's clearly gonna be a nine man rotation guy for a good team at some point in his career. We've talked about Ron Holland before. I still like Walker on the Pacers. I don't know why and I can't explain it. Ge ge Santos and the Warriors, who's the plus minus is crazy for him. And he also seems very comfortable playing with like Hall of Fame players.


And then I'll throw in AJ Johnson just 'cause Zach mentioned him on the pod last week about how he is looked a little frisky on the Wizards. Who, do you have anybody else I didn't mention? There's a few frisky wizards. Oh yeah, By the way, Including Bub Carrington who Yeah. Was my first choice for this at 32 the other night. He is 20 in July and he's getting shots up now, man. He's getting those shots up. He's 20 in July. Yeah. Oh my Lord. He's six four. Yeah. Like I sent a text to somebody with the Wizards, remember when they had that like fun Knicks game months ago?


Yeah. I sent a text and said, Hey, you know, I know like you're not on everybody's radar, but I happen to catch like three games in a, in a 10 day span or whatever. I was like, you guys are playing really hard. And it was just a thanks for watching. Hmm. I don't know if I shared that with you. Sometimes I'm repeating myself here a bit. I may, I don't think you Shared that one with me. Maybe I shared it off the air, but I So you Got Bub B's your number one. Yeah. And I'm gonna give a little love, like his rotational stuff could be out of the mix here now as Minnesota probably feels better about what they're doing. But Jalen Clark having a moment with this team where it's like, Hey, Dilling Ham's gonna get the first minutes. And I think it's a little too chaotic for him that they're not gonna trust him in some tight spots here.


Terrance Shannon not getting minutes when it felt like he was probably one of the more plug and play rotational guys that could come in and get you some buckets because of what he had done in college and he is older and all that kind of stuff. But there have been some defensive things with, with Jalen Clark, with Minnesota where I'm like, all right, like this dude, this dude is, is ready. Like he's not remotely intimidated by any of this stuff. So I don't know what he projects to be the three point shooting numbers. You know, it's not like it's a high volume, but they're, they're pretty good and he just competes like crazy and he, he kind of almost jumped the other guys that he would have more expectations for at certain times this season. I almost threw Shyman on this.


Not enough of the sample size, but there's been a couple moments where you're like, oh, it's not nothing here. Carol Dawson award for most unabashed tank job, Philly's three and 22 in their last 25 and actively trying not to win games. So I, I think they're the winner. Shout out to Utah, But they did it. You know, look, we can't even make fun of Philly because you're sitting there. No, they did it when you're looking at the OKC pick and you, when this conversation started ramping up, it's like they have the seventh or eighth worst record in the NBA And this is the part where I, again, there's certain things with Darryl that I totally respect. It's like, well, if we're doing it, we're doing it. We're not screwing around, we're shutting down. Nobody's here. And they were 19 and 27 at that point and have now on this four and 28 stretch.


I mean, Quentin Grimes cost him a couple games in there. This could have been, this could have been like a two and 30. This could have a Layup. Yeah. Dwight Howard. Sorry dude, I can't help it. I just don't like watching him play basketball award. Julius Renos seems like a nice guy. I just don't really enjoy watching him play basketball. And he's my pick and he's been playing better lately than he is played on Minnesota all year. But I just don't really enjoy it. And I, I'll be honest, I 15, 16, 17 years of de DeMar DeRozen at this point. I think I'm good. Oh, you don't see, I actually find myself coming. I think I'm Good coming back. I think I'm, I just feel like I, I'm okay with it. I'm okay with the experience.


And Kyle Cosman iss another one that I think I'm good. I just think I'm fine. I'm fine there. Who do you have for this award? I just wonder what it was like when Sacramento's like, Hey De Rosen. I, I can't believe you even offered up to Rosen. 'cause I think his closing fourth quarter, like getting to his stuff when he got Mobley twice in that game, when they beat him, when the Cavs had that weird road trip stretch, I get. I just, I great. He's, the team's gonna go 40 and 42 again. Yeah. But there was like, the Dwight Howard stuff is so funny because Dwight Howard was really good. Yeah, He was really good. But then it was like, Hey, I need to be taking all the shots at the end of the games.


It's like, well, what did you work on this summer? Yeah. Like If I get foul, I'm gonna make one of two. Who do you have? Randy? Zach Levine. I, I just want to know what it was like for der when they were like, Hey, guess what? We, we got Zach Levine again that you're, you Played with him, right? Yeah. You guys are, I did your chemistry. I played with them. The real thanks For the 30, you know, thanks for the 30 points. Dude, It's tough. Levine Levine had the rollercoaster ride. It was like a stock this year because I thought he was good on the bulls and then he left and the bulls were way more fun to watch right away, which probably wasn't good for him either. Hey, look, I'm, I'm, I'm telling you I could do 30 minutes on this, but you know, there are guys that aren't my favorite and I come to that conclusion after a lot of watching and noticing things.


Yeah. And I don't think that it's a coincidence that some of the dudes that I haven't been a huge fan of and guys that I'm talking about that are talented, that usually can score and put up some big, big numbers. But you know, you look at all the Lakers stuff this year and you go, what's different? Like, hey, DeAngelo Russell isn't out there for 30 plus minutes a night, you know, and the second Levine's out of there, even with his ability and the scoring numbers and all this stuff, you're like, what's different about Chicago? You're like, well, you know, even with his numbers, like you're removing all the other little things that are just, he never seemed to click for him. And so those are the players that I, I just won't argue about.


Sometimes you're one trade away, sometimes you're one injury away real in 2010, playoffs trick or treat award goes to a team or a player. I'm, I'm going Houston Rockets for this 'cause I've changed my mind on them 17 times during the season and I'll probably change it a couple more times as we go. But I went from thinking this is the team you wanna play in the playoffs too. I dunno, they kind of freaked me out on that OKC game and in general, like they've held this two spot and I kept waiting for them to fall the pack and they had that little losing streak. It's never perfect. I don't love their offense in the last 6, 7, 8 minutes. But they play hard in, they're really tough and, and there's certain matchups where they just overpower.


I mean they got rebounded OKC by 15 rebounds the other night. Granted the game meant nothing to OKC, but I don't know what to make of them in the playoffs. This might be it. There might be no gear at all. It might just be bad shots down the stretch and they lose the Series four one where they led the into all five or maybe there's something more there. I don't know. I don't know what to make of them Clippers for me because good one Ka Kawhi looked great again last night getting his stuff going left pull up, can't do anything with it. You know, an off the break kind of transition three where you just can see that he's totally locked in to what he wants to beat Zoo has been a beast.


If you get zoo against the wrong team, meaning the wrong team for the other side because there's just a few teams here that want to play small. Like, I don't know if, I don't think the Lakers wanna play Jackson Hayes a ton of minutes. I don't think that's breaking news. Okay. So they'd rather go small. But when they're playing against Golden State, and I don't know that I'm right about this, but you're like, are you playing into their hands a little bit by playing small and then them being like, we're Fine. The answer is yes. They're like, we're please you. We can play Draymond at the five. Thank you. Yeah. So this is wonderful. Now we can play small. So then when I think about like Houston having the double big thing, which changes a lot of like how you think about their closing group, depending on the big guys, they're going up against like the Clippers with the way Zoo is playing.


Yeah. And I know that it's, it's a coin toss for Harden and all the playoffs stuff. Although I think I kind of joked with you, like you think he'd be dude, just to kind of have like a nice little like run. But I, I feel like his pace does not adjust to the pace that you need it to be. And that's why he has the problems that he's had. But there's a, there's a scenario where they, there's a first round matchup for them and I'm going, oh my God. Like is there a path here? Is there a path to what If they played OKC in round one? Imagine I, I've seen them play twice in person and I was like shit, this would be an awesome playoff series. And they have a couple things they bring to the table that aren't great for OKC. Well what now there's some things KC brings to the table that are horrible for the Clippers, but it's, my point is that's not a typical one eight matchup.


That's not the Cleveland Cavalier is playing Orlando with no Jalen Suggs in round one. Like that's a hard series you're gonna have to win. Do you think there's, if Kawaii healthy, Like it wouldn't be a national media thing because nobody would really care. But considering how all in they win on the Kawaii stuff and how he's hasn't been healthy at the end of the playoffs, certainly the end of the year for a bunch of seasons in a row. The ball George part of it and then what you've given up and then watching SGA become in Yeah, I mean there's just a lot of shit here where you go man, and imagine, yeah, imagine if they had some moment of like a two, two series in the Western conference finals where you go, you know, those guys, Lawrence Frank and the crew, like they, the strategy was the right strategy and it couldn't have gone but yet is there this redemptive arc where they repaired it on the fly and let Paul George Ro just walk 'cause they knew better than anybody else, although they still did off for the three years.


Is there some part of this where we're being brought into game five and somebody's written a right Thompson essay Oh and it's, you know what I Mean, on the torture clippers? Yeah. Well if you go to the last 25 games, which is a huge sample size, they're fifth in net rating. And when Kawhi plays and looks like the way he's looked really for a few weeks now it's, I I just wouldn't wanna see that team. I, and honestly I wouldn't wanna see Minnesota either if I'm okay c they're gonna, we both think they're gonna make the finals, but the, it just sucks that those are two possible one eight matchups. Like you play, you're gonna win 68 69 games and that's, that's your prize.


We only have a couple words left, we can rip through this. The white chocolate was a problem award for 2025 guy whose season was much better in 42nd Twitter highlights. I'll give you Ja, Zion, Mello Jordan Pool or Russell Westbrook, who do you have The turn by Nuggets fans on Westbrook here is amazing. It Feel like that game, I mean they, that's another team that might fall at a seven eight. That game was a catastrophic loss. Like to waste that level of where Jo Yoic got to that game and to have it 19 times and then blow it and they haven't once since I look he's fine as your ninth guy and as your guy we're resting all the starters.


Russ, can you just go out there and do everything and put up a 32, 10, 10 let us hang around. But what he, I just dunno how you play him in crunch time in some of these games. It's too, it's too much of a wild card. It's too risky, right? The risk exceeds the reward. Can't do it. You've, you've Yage and Murray and Gordon and Porter and Broun, like that's it. What West Rush should never play in crunch time for them in a playoff game. This is what I've thought the entire time. 'cause Westbrook has been more accepting of this role with them than at any other point. But there may and fun to watch have been even for somebody as as stubborn as he is with his approach to basketball.


Like maybe even he had a realization of going, I I need to change this a little bit. And when you're playing in the same minutes, the same lineup as Yoic, like you can see him almost in a hurry to get him the ball back. That could lead to some of those other problems. But like on the year, considering how bad they needed somebody to play these kind of minutes, a guy that was never really gonna like question his own value, the, the ego of a player that you kind of need as a foundation to even play in this league. They needed like, it, it's been a win because of how limited their options were. It's like, okay, well we're gonna get this guy cheap because he is been on 16 here in a very short amount of time because he hasn't fit in and maybe he hasn't accepted what he needed to be.


So I think there was an acceptance part from Westbrook here that was admirable. But I think anybody that kind of knew where his limitations were, you were like, is he actually going to close? Like it's, and and, and I'm with you. And it's not just the mistakes in that Minnesota game. There's just a lot of times where you're like, what's the spacing going to look like? Is that gonna screw up some of the other stuff they're gonna do? I also think there's something with Westbrook too, depending on the matchup. Like it's gonna be, if I get to play the Lakers, I'm gonna prove to them that they're morons. If I get to play against the Clippers, I'm gonna, there's a revenge factor with like four of these teams. These teams. How many minutes do you think he's played this year?


Are you asking me? Total minutes? Total minutes. Total minutes. How many do you think he played? I don't, I don't know off the top of my head. I know, I mean he's played What would your guess be? I'll just tell you. 2002 minutes. Yeah. Heading into tonight's game. He's played 2000 minutes. Like that's crazy. They paid, they paid nothing for him. So for that it's a win. The loss is when he's actually involved in the plot. When they're desperately trying to not fall into that 6, 7, 8 range. And they had a pretty good foothold for the three spot and now it's looking pretty grim. No, he's been really important throughout this season because of their lack of options. And so it has worked out.


But you know, the, the hesitation I always had with it was, let's see what happens here in the playoffs because I think this could be the kind of thing where the game log now who knows, maybe it could be game and score and foul of trouble, all that kind of stuff. But like if we're talking real close games in the first round for Denver. Yeah. He's not out There in the last 10 minutes. You go you, you look at some of those game logs and it's like okay 19 minutes, 15 minutes. And you're like uhoh like Now so who's your white chocolate was a problem guy. I would say if you took Isaiah Stewart clips from today and then ran 'em and said that this was the nineties, were like, then everybody would just say, oh Steph would've just had 12 years. Oh He would've been killed. That's good. I like that. My least favorite con the Stewart pulling down Giannis from behind play is indefensible.


That's fucking nasty man. Especially the top five guy in the week. All right, three words left the Travolta Pulp Fiction comeback of the year. Jimmy Butler, the Lakers as a franchise or Scoot Henderson. Who do you have Scoot. Okay, me too. Well this is it. The second most prestigious award we have. It's the 2025 sham at Face award. This is your award. I know you put a lot of time and thought and and effort into this. So who do you have Conka nipple On Duke? Yeah. Oh so you're going prospects. Yeah, I've already graded it out.


What do you, what do you like about it? I Don't know what age that the red cheeks thing goes away. Yeah, he's awesome by the way. I think he's, yeah I like him. He's even better than maybe we realize maybe get him the ball a few more times last night. But you get older, everybody looks younger. There's a weird thing that happens. I don't know what it is with the science of it, but if you look at like fraternity composites. Yeah. When you are in college, all of the guys from the old pictures look like you're like how come that guy was 40 and he was in college? Yeah And you're like, that's just dudes looked older. And then when you are older and then you're watching college troops like every year guys just look younger and younger and younger.


So I don't think he's on the Mount Rushmore of Duke face. I think that's early Cherokee parks. Maybe a little Quinn Snyder in there. Maybe Grace and Allen, maybe Danny Ferry. So I don't know if K Nipple can make that but there's just a face and it's not the same thing as Sham at face, but I'm just projecting them maybe to be there one day. And it doesn't even mean that you know, you, you can be good looking and have sham face. It's a to know it when you see it. Yeah. Last award, the 2024 league pass MVP award most reliably entertaining guy day after day for six months. My winner is Nicole Yoic.


It's really the only winner. But I would offer up Ant if I had to offer up somebody else As like an alternative like indie independent Spirit Awards kind of kind of winner If you can't have yoic that go with Ant. Even the Sixers closed the other night. It was awesome. The shots that he was hitting in the double overtime win against Denver. I don't know what it is about the threes when they matter the most. It's almost like a pitcher who cranks and it's not what he's doing but it's like the shot goes in with more velocity than it's supposed to on the ones that really matter. There's a, there's a crispness to his shot and his athleticism in the way that it goes in that's visually appealing.


You know, it's funny you mentioned this 'cause it's, it's not a rational confidence 'cause he is rationally confident but I do think like if it's one eight and it's OKC Minnesota, I think outta anybody in the league, he's the one who would go into that series going, I don't care what the record is, I'm better than everybody on that team and like really genuinely, truly believe it. Which has been really fun to watch and he is had some great last three minutes of the game kind of turning it up a notch stuff that, how old is he now? 23? I don't know. I think he's 23. Yeah, it's, that's a good one. But yoic the, this yoic season and it doesn't look like he's gonna win the MVP but holy shit man.


Just there, there's been 10 games from him this year that you're just like, I just can't believe somebody's doing this. Like when you go like look at the Wilt stats on basketball reference like, oh my god there's, it wasn't just a 50 point a game year. There was this other season he had 44 a game. Like what was that like to watch that? Not that Yoka just putting up points like that, but just the day to day like it, it honestly feels like any box score is conceivable. He's had box scores were like, there's no way anyone in the in basketball could ever have this. And he's had five of those this year. But then when you watch how he's just, how he does everything for them, like he's their only real rebounder. He runs the offense, he scores all their stuff in crunch time, he sets up everybody else.


Like everything he does, it's just, I've never seen anything like it day to day. We didn't have League Pass in the eighties for, you know, the great players of that era. And we only got to watch Jordan when he was on, you know, TNT We didn't get to watch this night after night. This is fucking crazy. I'm seeing look, sounds like somebody's leaning Yoic. I'm not leaning anywhere yet. I I'm, I'm keeping an open mind to the last week of the season. It's really tough for me not to vote for somebody who's gonna win 68 games and have one of the great guard seasons in the history of the position offensively. Especially when I, you know, I try to value the winning piece if he's gonna win 20 more games in Denver, but I, the more I stare at this, that's 60 10, 10 game like broke my brain.


That was unbelievable. I've never have you ever seen somebody just get the ball 25 feet from the basket and the other team knew what he was gonna do and he would still back around and just get like a three foot sky hook. Like what the fuck? I know they were missing some guys in Minnesota, but I just thought that game was just nuts. Wasn't just the points, it was how he was getting the points and how easily he was doing everything. It was nuts to watch. That's where whenever I hear anybody just knocking him it it, I lose my mind because you go, he's in control of everything that's happening, right? Like everything that's happening and then the understanding, I forget what the number was. I don't know if it was hardened to Zoo Bot for number one, but it was like who has the most field goals that are assisted or something and like Christian Brown is number two in the NBA.


Yeah. And Christian Brown clearly because Denver hasn't done a good job with this roster maximizing it maybe the way others should. I also wonder like if Yoic were different, would there have already been some other star player that went through a A U with Yoic and goes, Hey you know, I'm gonna come up there and play with Denver 'cause this is, it's getting alarming because of the rings rule for Yoic where it's like, are we gonna be allowed to appreciate him? And I know we've already touched on some of this other stuff, but he's, he's just orchestrating all of it that's happening and he doesn't wanna shoot 30 times. He doesn't wanna pull up from three as much as he does. It almost feels like Nash where Nash would have these games and be like, how come you're not shooting more like what's going on? And it's just the way he's wired to play basketball is still somebody that wants all of it to kind of connect and work together.


And that's why I, I can't fathom why guys who played can watch these games and then find a way to shit on it. But you know, whatever. I mean this kind of normal now with the former player stuff. But yeah look really good. Not top 20, 22 to 20. Yeah, I mean that Bob Petit range. Yeah, probably you know De Busher. All right those are our made up NBA awards. Its for 2025. Congrats to all the winners and the nominees. Yeah, next time I see you will be Sunday night. We will know the playoff matchups.


We will do some all NBA stuff. We might have to go, don't even have to go two parts but I can't remember the like looking at the west innings and some games are happening right now as we talk. But this west innings, the volatility of these last seven days is gonna be bonkers to watch. Anyway, good to see you Illa. Yeah, we got Lakers Thunder here. Are you watching the studio yet on Apple? I'm three in. It's great. You love it? Okay, I love it. How many of you watch All three? You should get Rogan on Seth or Joe. Is Joe watching it? Has he tweeted about? I Dunno. I dunno. Joe's watching it.


You got lotus predictions for tonight? Before we go, duke dad, Boy did that meme play out pretty well. It's pretty predictable. I dunno, Somebody's gonna jerk off somebody. That'd be amazing. They went back to the, well, a double, double jerk. All right, I'll see you in a week Steven. All right, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Illa, thanks to Kyle and Geha as well. Thanks to Sir Rudy. And don't forget White Lotus tonight on the Prestige TV podcast and you can watch it live on The Ringer TV right after that show ends. And don't forget, we put up a ra a re watchable the scene.


It's up. We put it up three days early. So that's what we got going. I'm gonna be back on this podcast on Tuesday and I'll see you then. Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in president dc. Gambling problem. Call 100 GAMBLER, visit rg-help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut.


Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or Text Hope and Y in New York.