
Coming up an incredible Chiefs Ravens game. Million dollar picks. Football's back.


It's The Bill, Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel Football. Finally back you can dive into all the action with FanDuel, they have the best betting app. They have the most bets, they have parlays, they have same game parlays, they have boosts. I'm gonna be doing Boost every single week during the NF NFL season and you can trail those. I love FanDuel. The app is safe, secure, and easy to use. And when you win you'll get paid instantly. Plus, look out for FanDuel Squares this NFL season. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one Sportsbook. The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg-help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available. And listen to the end of the episode for additional details. Must be 21 plus President Select state's game problem called winning 800 gam. Visit rg-help.com.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer. Podcast Network. Put up a new re watchable on Monday night. We did Night Shift Michael Keaton's breakout movie. you can watch it on ringer movies on our YouTube channel. The Ringer Movies Channel. Speaking of The Ringer, Podcast Network. So The Ringer NBA show. It's a little dormant right now with the NBA. We decided to get a little WNBA show going on, I think Friday's. And we made him do it a little more than that, but seared. So he's hosting it and you know, we don't cover every sport. We look for either opportunities, the right Host, the right talent, the right match. And WM B's just been incredible this season. The storylines have been great.


The product's been really good. Anecdotally, I've been in a lot of conversations about it and it just felt like we were missing out. So I think Sarah can really pull off a good pod for us. So listen to the first one on Friday and we'll be doing it pretty regularly throughout the rest of the season on The, Ringer NBA show. So there's that. And then if you missed it, we ran a trailer for Mr. McMahon. The new docuseries that I'm involved with that's gonna be on Netflix on September 25th. if you wanna see the trailer, go to my Twitter feed, go to my Instagram, go to Netflix's Twitter feed or Instagram and you can see it. We're really proud of it. So that's that last piece of business is Sunday.


Remember our old Ringer Wise Guy show? Well now it's The Ringer Sunday pregame show. And we're gonna be running it. It's gonna be on YouTube tv same time. It's gonna be 11 o'clock. I'm actually gonna be popping on the first couple weeks, but it's gonna be the Usuals, our East Coast Bias Guys house and Raheem and JJ Cousin Sal. I'm gonna be popping on for 20 minutes and we're just gonna be talking about football favorite bets, all kinds of stuff. So make sure you check that out if you have, if you don't have YouTube tv, I got it within the last year and I'm mad I didn't get it sooner than that 'cause it's really great. But you go to YouTube TV or YouTube because we're running all this stuff on, on The, Ringer NFL Channel and you can see our show.


So there you go. All right, we're gonna talk Chiefs Ravens. And then a whole bunch of 2024 NFL subplots with Peter Schrager who is in my house. I watched the game with him. We were together. And then after that, Joe House is joining for million dollar picks. Week one. Super excited. It's all next first. Our friends from Pro.


All right, we're taping this right after the Chief's Raylan's game. Normally Peter Schrager is on Good Morning Football in the mornings with a good night's sleep or maybe no sleep and some coffee and a chance to react. You're doing this podcast now. We're going right after baby. Let's go. What a game. Chiefs 27. Ravens 20. It seemed like the Ravens not only covered the plus three, but we're going for two in week one is an incredible comeback, incredible revenge game. Chance to win in Arrowhead or whatever it's called now. Deha. And then Kevin Durant, Brooklyn Milwaukee Style, foot on the Line. Great call. Great throwback.


Game over. Do we feel robbed of the opportunity of not getting that two point conversion or do you feel like that's just an amazing finish? We'll always remember as the tow game. Like if Likely's tow is a centimeter smaller, that is a different, or do you feel like what would've happened? Like if they went for it and they just walked off and they want it? Like what a cool ending for Harbo. I feel a little bit robbed right now as we literally finished watching Bill two minutes ago on your couch. Well the Ravens had a chance to steal the game. Yeah, it felt like the Chiefs pretty much gave the game away over and over again. But then we're still leading seven and then had multiple chances just to get one more. First down, couldn't do it. And it was a weirdly sloppy game.


A lot of penalties from the chiefs, A lot of penalties. Hey hockey, he just threw another flag. Raven's offensive line looks super shaky at first, right? And then at the end it was just Lamar going back, waiting, scrambling, creating plays, doing all the stuff that we love when we talk about Lamar. But yeah, it comes down to the Chiefs, they look gassed. Chris Jones was on his knees on the Final, the two timeouts left. I don't understand why you don't call timeouts to give your dudes a three minute breather. They're all like sitting on the field basically during these stoppages I you had the long stoppage when likely goes down with the injury late and you'd think you were saying just, you know, at some point call a timeout because they're so exhausted, they're obviously gassed. All the big guys. I disagreed, I said to you while we were watching it, Baltimore's got no timeouts.


Lamar's out of a shotgun looking over the sideline, they looked like they were frenetic. You give a timeout, you give Todd Monken a chance to give Lamar a play. But gosh, you, of all the plays we watched as, and this is really fresh, the Marlon Humphrey blown coverage on the second worthy touchdown, which was a complete mental lapse. Yep. Not supposed to happen. That's one where he's looking off, he thinks he's got help with the safety. That's a freak play. That is something you practice a million times. There's some sort of circuits stick crossed. That's a huge chunk play. If they don't give that up, the, the Ravens are in control and the Ravens do have a shot. So big mistake there and then you think back and They almost steal it anyway. It's Almost one Better win for the Chiefs or worse loss for the Ravens.


Oh I think that's a, that's a, that's a fine loss if you're the Ravens. You come outta that thing, you're like, oh we, Your heads are held high. Yes, because the Chiefs came out humming and they're like, we have three new offensive linemen. We have a brand new defensive coordinator and we have hung with the world champions in their building and could have stolen that at the end. So a bunch of legacies from this game. Oh, we're doing the legacy stuff already. I, I'm, I'm shocked. Four Minutes into a week, one Renew Legacies. Let's let go, let's go. Legacy is legacy. Number one for me is the Chiefs nailed their two draft picks and not only that, but they somehow retool. I was on multiple Patriot fan threads where we're just like, we couldn't find guys for Brady for 20 years and the Chiefs and back to back years. Just get rice. Yep. They get worthy this year.


Who was looked like Tyreek 2.0. They also get a left tackle who they highlighted during the game that the Patriots could have traded up this year and gotten Yep. Second. But they retooled reloaded. They looked faster. They had that stat where it was like they only had four 20 yard plus touchdowns last year. They had two tonight. Yep. And I guess my big takeaway from the game is, is the chiefs were, you know, they won two straight Super Bowls. I didn't think they were very fun to watch last year except for the Mahomes part. It was like a grind. Sure. And it was like just let's get it done. The Chiefs were fun tonight. Oh weren't they? Like I, I'm back in on like holy shit the Chiefs are on. I'm watching. I mean, which I didn't feel that way last year. No, And they grinded it out and they showed those stats throughout the embassy broadcast that they were like, you know, a middling offense all last year and they couldn't really get out of their funk And and didn't seem, they didn't have that swagger Tonight.


No, they had it tonight. They Had it tonight Were these first play from first time he touches a ball as a reverse play. Pretty cool call touchdown. Yeah. It's not just the past two years. Like that 2022 draft. No, 2022 draft was Pacheco McDuffy Carl Loftus, right. Josh Williams I think Creed Humphrey and I think Tracy. Yeah. Creed Humphrey. And that's like seven, like that's a credit to the front office. Brett Veach and those guys. And then like you said Guys, did you just gimme a credit to the front office? You didn't like that six minutes in't that was good. Like that's, you're in mid-season form Already. Credit to the front office. Haven't slept in a couple days. They find these guys.


But like you and I looked at each other, it's the fourth quarter, there's two minutes and 30 seconds left and they're handing the ball off to Carson Steele. Second Down. Yeah. Chiefs need one more. First down. Basically first down they get five and you And I, All of a sudden Carson Steel's there. There's holes on this roster. Like not that Carson Steel came, but like yes they had but like there were moments where like, okay, interesting. Juju's getting the ball there. Like there are still holes on this roster and Mark and Hollywood Brown will get back and we're hoping Wait, But hold that thought though. You put Hollywood Brown out there tonight and that's probably 35 plus points. Maserati, Juju Ferrari was covered the whole game. Yeah, yeah. Juju's not getting, you know, not No he won't. Deep of offense looked good and early on they were destroying that offensive line with that defensive pressure.


But I, Well one of the things that was nuts the first half, so Baltimore ran 36 plays and I think the Chiefs had 20. Yeah. And usually when that and the chiefs got the ball to start the second half. But usually when that happens, you see in the second half the defense just gets gassed, which happened anyway. But the chiefs were able to convert a couple times, get some scores That, yeah, that that Bateman catch along the sideline and then you're like okay, I sudden this's 10 seconds I again, You're kind of rattled you, you got up at 2 45 LA time today. I made my super prediction. We thought that game was gonna be 34 10 at one point we Made my Super Bowl prediction about 40 hours ago on live television. It is now midnight eastern.


I've gotta be up in yeah. Three, four hours. But I will tell you I come outta that thing and if I'm a Ravens fan I feel pretty damn good. There was a lot of talk about their offensive line coach passed away three different offensive linemen who are not like seasoned guys and they got likely looked amazing tonight. So like you have the pieces and Lamar was awesome. I was a little nervous when Lamar was running around and I know Tico and those guys were like, he looks faster like over 17 weeks. I don't need to see Lamar getting cracked by J. You know Connor like he was. So that's worrisome to me. But he was great tonight. Lamar was fantastic. That's legacy number two. Okay for this game for me, Lamar ends up 16, carries for 1 22 throws for 26 for 41 for 2 73.


Great Game That we need some sort of version for. We're unleashing this Lamar tonight 'cause we really want this game. 16 carries in a 17 week season. I'm not good at math but that's a lot of carries. That's a lot of carries. That's over 260 Probably not sustainable. Yeah. So, but the, the point is they're not gonna be able to do that every week. So I wanna know when you're not unleashing your, hey we don't care if Lamar takes a ton of hits this game. We're we're gonna have him run around, do his thing. What's plan B for this team? I would guess it's Derrick Henry. But they're lying. I thought they're lying the first three quarters especially like look pretty iffy. What they were doing was they were, they weren't running the ball too well.


So they were getting this little dump off passes to Justice Hill. Right. But the Chiefs just didn't step out Chief they were adjusted for And then Derek Henry did have a couple big carries. He did remember that third down or he converted or was it a fourth down? I'm delirious but it was fourth and short. Yeah. And they went for it and he was stopped behind the line and just powers through. Yeah. I the the receiving options. Za Flowers by The way, that got the, for that, the two that got the Collinsworth doing the, that is two 50 pounds of Man Mike 4K, let's look. Za Flowers played well. Isaiah likely played well. Derrick Henry Ray the ball well Justin like their offense looked good to me. They could compete. So you're thinking the Ravens were a little bit better than you were maybe expecting in your head?


Yes. I didn't, I didn't think they were gonna hang offensively with those guys. And I thought they, the chiefs defense struggled all night. Con corralling Lamar, Chris Jones was dominant early on and then it felt like every time he got behind Lines, see I'm going the other way. I think they were lucky to be in that game because you go back, the chiefs ended up with 27 points anyway. But think like they had that one, that swing pass to Prine where he was ready to run for a touchdown. Lamar missed him. They had that crazy play at the end of the first half with Lamar drew an interception to the Ravens for no reason. Picks it off. They get a field goal to stop But, and we never got the right replay to explain why the pass was seven yards short and he doesn't do stuff like that. So he had that play and then that last drive, you know He missed a couple.


He missed a couple. I'm saying Mahomes missed a couple and then you know, it was just three downs. You win the game. Second down, Carson steals the game. Like I would almost rather use a timeout than have Carson steal. Let's come up with our best play. Let's run the Tyreek play with Worthy, let's do yeah something. But for some reason they were happy to give the ravens the ball back through The past. I got deflected by Simpson. Great play then Mahomes catches it, Which saves about whatever So, it makes the raven the last time out or I forget what happened and it saved them time. Aza has a great punt. He does. Yeah. And I'm like all On the 10, on The 10 with the like and Lamar took him and he went and he missed Za flowers and he missed likely in the back of the end zone.


So to me those are two passes. Lamar will usually make Shit. Well the thing with Lamar, we said this after the third quarter because it was two hours of them telling us how amazing Lamar was and he's faster and he's angry and he had this game circle then this is a different kind of Lamar and he's competitive and look at him on the sidelines and it was like they have 10 points, let's settle down. But then fourth quarter, you know he almost ended up with 70, puts the fourth, fourth quarter and poured on. But I thought he was great tonight. He also missed flowers wide open. Hey Adam, on that second to last play, Adam had likely on the play before Wide open. He does hit likely but likely doesn't keeping it, I guess if you're a Ravens fan, you're excited that that likely he was amazing.


All the preseason hype, all the buzz, all the quotes about him like watch out for this guy. And it was like he, he looked like he was Tony Gonzalez. Yeah. Did you feel like we didn't get enough Derrick Henry, if you're a Ravens fan, like this is all summer also it's gonna be thunder and lightning and they did a couple cool plays where, you know, it was like a fake handoff to Henry and then it was Lamar outside. But I don't leave that game thinking like I know he scored the early touchdown and he had that big conversion but I don't leave that game thinking that Derrick Henry is the focus of that offense by any means. 13 for 46. Yeah. So what is the, walk me through the morning talk show. Yeah. Topics tomorrow. So on the shoot, did Lamar, Lamar was great but he didn't get it done again.


Did Lamar, Lamar came into this thing two and four in the playoffs and you know, one in three versus the the should We be worried Lamar can't win big games. It's like, did Lamar silence Any doubts? We'll do that one. Oh That's a good one. Can we try to, because that's, that's like a little glass half full. Yeah. Did he silence Any doubts? Did Lamar silence any doubters for you last Night? Did silence the doubters? The Yeah the ambiguous. I'd say yes. I thought Lamar showed up and was was way better than we saw him in the playoffs last. Last year. Counter Counter. Yeah. Not sustainable. Okay. He took too many hits. A good take. That's crazy. This Is the dialogue in one of these shows. Yeah. This is an 18 week season and he took 10 flush hits in that game. He Played that game and they coached that game as if it was a winning in and it was everything.


And in a lot of ways Today, yeah that was like a week 18. We need to make a Playoffs. Well a of ways and then psychologically like they probably felt that way. Like we have to win this game. Come outta this. Well you saw the Harbaugh going for the two. No doubt. Fuck. We're not going over time. Fuck this. That would be one topic. Second one we would go 30 times 40 times showing the angles on the likely thing and just kind of put that into historical context. It just like one of those games where we're always gonna remember the Isaiah likely. Well what are some Of the recent ones like that? Let's, there was that one Dallas. What was that? Dallas Cowboys game. Everybody got all excited about Dallas, Detroit last Year. Dallas Detroit was One the crazy with the offensive lineman declaring eligible. Yeah That one is a wild one. At least this time the guy was outta Dallas. Yeah. There was No he out. No question with the rules.


I would say the other topic would be the Chiefs, their new weapons obviously with you know, worthy coming out and what they did with a little bit with p Ryan. But Pacheco tonight was fantastic, just grinding. And Mahomes was amazing. Mahomes was fan. He had a couple mistakes like we talked about. He missed P Ryan on that one and threw the interception. But like I took the Chiefs to win the Super Bowl. It sounds boring. I leave tonight thinking, yeah Chiefs to win the Super Bowl like that wa that team right there at in that building that is a tough team to beat. And the Braves everything they can handle and they couldn't do it. Worthy Rice and Hollywood Brown. It's fast. Might be the three, the best like top three receivers that he's had from a explosive standpoint.


Yeah, He had Rick and Hardman that one year and I guess the third was like Byron Pringle. Right? He never had like three guys that all had 40 yard touchdown potential. I'll tell you a conversation I had with a source at Texas when they were all coming out because it was him. It's Ad Mitchell, it's this kid Whittington, they're all in the NFL. And I was like, you know worthy, obviously he's gonna be fast before the combine. He's like, Worthy's gonna be fast and everyone's gonna look at his 40 time and immediately compare him to, you know, John Ross or you know, whoever Darius, Hayward Bay or whatever it is. He is like, but Worthy is a smart player too, right? And was one of the smartest players on the, and like you can give him the ball on the jet sweep. He knows where to go. He also runs the full route tree. So they, he goes 28th.


The bills of the team that trades that. I know it's early, it's one game in. But like did he not look like this guy was one of the most dynamic players in the NFL? Right outta the gates. He looked like Tyreek Hill out there tonight. It's so tough. And same thing with the left tackle. Who was the best left tackle left, looked solid and somehow just give up One sack. People just love given the chief stuff. So they only ran particularly big. They ran 48 plays. Baltimore ran 73 plays that game and lost. So if you're, if you're Baltimore, here's take number three, okay, they're at Dallas next week home for the bills on a Sunday day.


Not easy At Cincy. Not Easy is Your starting to tighten if You're the Ravens. That's why they went with Lamar going 18 carriers. Right? We had to win this game. What a great different angle it is. If I, we could beat the Cowboys next week. Well and then on the flip side, if you're the Bengals, you have the Pats this week, right? That's a win. You have. You Already go to Bengals schedule. I love this Chiefs the following week. That's a fun one. That's a tough one. Then you go Washington, then you're at Carolina. you can be three in one, you can pop out. Yeah. And you might have like a two game lead on the Ravens heading into the home game. Week five energized one Game into two, You're energized.


Six games. I love this. Or my Steelers. Your Steelers Going in. Maybe they win in Atlanta this week. No doubt. Who knows? The brown set the Cowboys. No doubt. But you know, I, I never So you come outta this thing saying tough loss for the Ravens. Well you start at oh and one, now I need to go and now if I'm getting to 11 wins I gotta rip off 11 and five now. Yeah, I just did that math in my head. Yeah. That that's why. That's why I make the big bucks. Love that. That's why I'm right here. I just, the oh in one start is just brutal. I don't like it. It's tough. And I also don't like that my, my best player had a really good game and we lost, We lost Chiefs did lose the first three last season. They figured it out. A lot of teams lose that. Yeah, I get it. I know you get it.


What do you think of that French open match that we were or the US Open match? We were also talking the Buffalo Bill's daughter won the won the won the semifinal. What was her name? Mova Mo Mocho. She was, she she collapsed. Thrown a racket. Yeah. It was a total collapse. All right, any last legacies for this game? Just A fun, awesome way to start the season. The NFL can't script this any better And like we have a game tomorrow night too. It's crazy. This is like a cool way to start. The year I had the new kickoff rule Wasn't as dynamic as we had hoped. It Felt like it was still violent. We saw, it was like, I thought we were trying to not have collisions.


These guys were like crushing each other. What I heard on this new, maybe it's one game in, but everyone I spoke to was like just wait till week one. No teams are showing anything in preseason. There's gonna be crazy reverses and laterals and all sorts of wild bells and whistles that they're practicing on. We didn't see any of that tonight. We did not. It was not there. The, the only thing I have was, was the coach interviews. Can you explain the coach interview thing? We now have to have a disgruntled coach at the end of the first half. Who wants no part of talking to a TV person. The rule doing that interview And you've had to do those from time to time. Yeah. What's worse? Well the, they used to be off camera and then a couple years ago we started tinkering with it.


The rules now are that every team has to offer up at least a head coach, at least one or the other head coach offensive corner defensive quarter or special teams coach that has to speak on air. So those are the two head coaches. Melissa Stark got the two big guys, which is great. We're gonna be talking to special teams coaches on the, on the broadcast. We're gonna get offensive coordinators who don't do a lot of media. We're gonna do defense. So we're gonna see if we get anything out of these. But I've only done one of them on air ever. And it was a viral moment. I had Mike McDaniel up in Buffalo and he was absolutely fantastic his first year as a coach. And he was like grilling me about what I was wearing and he was fun and he was awesome. That was not Andy Reid tonight. That was not John Harbaugh Tonight. No. They're like, yeah we gotta, you know, we gotta gotta bunt down those turnovers and And just way your game explain what we're doing.


Yeah, That's gotta And if you Ball start, what else can you do? You know, it's not her fault, it's just these coaches aren't gonna give you that there. So I think the hope was to get some access but yeah, I don't think we no viral moments tonight. Yeah. You almost wanna zag and be like Andy, have you seen Taylor Swift yet? Yeah. Just do something John. How about this weather? John your brother's back. What's Jim gonna do? Like Yeah, something. Yeah something. How many times you talked to your brother this week? Yeah, Just He's coached a team too. Excuse Me. Yeah. How do you feel about the US Open? Any thoughts about tfo? Are you checking Macho Fa? Are you Yeah we were, we were locked into that. Well great game, great Chiefs cover. Favorite style? Wanna know Bill Simmons in real life Now wanna know.


Didn't get to do it on million dollar picks. We do a million dollar picks later with Joe House, you're coming back Next segment. We are gonna talk about a whole bunch of 2024 NF NFL season stuff right after this. How fun. Love it.


Football is back and there's no better place to get in on the NFL action than FanDuel America's number one sports book. Right now all customers can bet $5 and get a three week free trial of NFL Sunday ticket from YouTube and YouTube TV and you'll be able to watch every regular season Sunday afternoon out of market game Oh boy. Plus with FanDuel you don't even have to lead the app to access realtime stats and data to help you make even more winning bets. Just visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one sportsbook. You must be 21 plus 18 plus in DC and present in select states. Offer ends 9 22 24. After three week free trial, the full price of NFL Sunday Ticket will be automatically charged, seasonally canceled anytime, no refunds terms restrictions that embargoes apply. YouTube TV based plan required to watch YouTube TV redemption requires a Google account and current form of payment gambling problem called 100 Gamble or visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


Alright, we're back to the future. We're taping this part before the Chiefs Ravens game. Sunny outside. Yeah, it's still sunny here in Los Angeles. You've been up I think for the last 72 hours. But we're gonna talk. We talked Chiefs Ravens in the first segment. We're gonna talk about some of the other NFL stuff. You became infatuated with the jets so Much. I also became a little infatuated with them. I picked them to win the division. You went further. I have them as the one seat in the A FFC this year. And I know there's a lot of Jets fans who listen to your podcasts and they do this thing where like they cringe or like don't even go there. We don't wanna hear it. It's just, don't even put that out there. And they've been so burned, so scarred. I spent a lot of time around the Jets this summer and Maybe it is just because I was in the building a few times and I went there for practice and I called a preseason game and from top to bottom it'll be very difficult for this roster not to be very good.


I think Jets fans so That's how I feel. If people get mad, it's just so good. Yeah. I like Even without Reddick yet. And God knows when he shows up but Outta sight outta mind with him. Yeah. Like and you'll appreciate that. 'cause I think a lot of people say, well you know the Reddick thing, it's hovering over them. It's not because he's never been there. They haven't sweat with him. Those guys don't even know him. you Can't miss something. You've never had, They never had him. He came for one day and I don't know if that might get settled this weekend and if it doesn't That's like a lot of people don't know. Belichick was almost your good morning football co-host. It was gonna be a sixth show. Yeah. But that it didn't happen. It didn't happen. So you Can't m it didn't never knew him So. it never happened. You know we went there Kyle Brent and I re watchable ISS legend. We went for a practice one morning like early in training camp and the Jets PR staff comes up to us and they're like, alright, you've got today Sauce.


Gardner Quinn and Williams, Quincy Williams and Solomon Thomas as, as the Guests were giving you. And me and him were like, holy shit that yeah, that is awesome. And we're looking at the roster and we're like, they didn't give us Rogers, they didn't give us Bruce Hall. They didn't give us Garrett Wilson. Oh they didn't give us any of the new offensive lineman. Tarn Smith obviously is gonna be a hall of famer. They didn't give, they didn't give us CJ Moses. They were like, we got like the third tier Guests. And we were like, that's awesome. That is how loaded they're, they go so deep. And last year the Jets won seven games and the quarterbacks were Zach Wilson, who's the third string in Denver. Tim Boyle, who I believe is, is is out of football or on the practice squad with The Texas team.


He's here right now. Tim, come On in. Tim, come on in. And Trevor Simeon, who's out of football, they won seven games. They also used 21 Offensive linemen and 13 different combinations and still won seven game. 'cause their defense was so good. And Garrett Wilson still had a good year and Bri still ran that ball the way he did. So they beefed up the offensive line. And Rogers, I get it, 41 coming off an Achilles. That's not ideal. I saw practice in person. He looks amazing. I I saw him. They were against Washington. He, he didn't do much there. But then they go against the giants and he absolutely torches them. So it's like, I can only go by what I see. I have a vibe. I understand that There's 13 years they've been to the playoffs.


I understand there's curses galore. They're too good on paper. Not You left out the coach. That's gotta be one of the, let Let's discuss. Yeah. Hey kids, Bob, I saw one of those sites had a power rank. Like he's the 32nd coach in football. How is he supposed to win with any of these? I mean, you could comment on, but like without a quarterback. I'll say this, this is the best situation he could possibly be in if Rogers is back. 'cause then all he has to do is just worry about the defense. Yep. Fist pumps on the sideline handle the media and the offense he's got, I mean I, I was in three fantasy drafts the last three days and Wilson and Brie Hall. Brie Hall was the number one, I think highest price guy in all three leagues.


Is that right? Wilson was like the fifth or sixth biggest receiver. These are like massive weapons. These are, and They can block and they've got a really good like, so the number two is Mike Williams. We didn't see him in training camp. He's gonna be Beast. He practiced. Yeah. Practice. He's on the track to play. Yeah. And, guess what? That was Bruce Hall last year. He didn't play all training camp. Everyone's like, where's Bruce then? He was great. Alan Lazar. I know everyone rolls their eyes. They're like, all right. He sucked Last year. Alan Lazar was a big signing last year. Everyone's like, all right. They brought in Corley, this kid from western Kentucky, they brought in Mike Williams. They're, they're loaded, they're good. Alan Lazar had an amazing camp. And Rogers, every time he spoke to the media and every time he spoke to us went out of his way to be like, don't, don't forget about Lazar.


I spoke with Joe Douglas off the record, but I don't think he'd have a problem with me sharing this and say maybe the best camp that anyone had this summer was Alan Lazar, who people had forgotten. And he might be their third or fourth wide receiver and all happens to be the best blocking wide receiver in football. So like their offense is loaded. Their defense was great last year. Michael Carter might be the best nickelback in football. Reid and Sauce are both lockdowns. Like I could do flips here. The only issue is you're like, all right, is this head coach gonna outwit one of these top other coaches in a big spot? Is is is Nathaniel Hackett gonna draw it up? 'cause we don't know if they can. Both those guys have been on really good, good teams, But from, from a talent standpoint, it's there Loaded. They're loaded with everybody else. And that, that was what jumped out when I started doing my player rankings and all that stuff.


And I was like, Jesus, A lot of jets, the Jets are like the fourth highest team on my, on my list Even. I mean They, they had like 10 guys that made My list. No doubt. And they have these two rookie running backs. I don't know which one is gonna be like Braylin Allen is the youngest player in football. Yeah. Running back outta Wisconsin. The kid is an absolute wrecking ball, bowling ball. And they hadn't even unleashed him. Like they played him in one preseason game a little bit in the second game. They didn't play him in the third. And the other kid is this kid Isaiah Davis who was out of South Dakota state who had what they call like the red star. And in their scouting system, you know, each scout is allowed to give one red star. And across the board, they all gave the red star to him because he was like, captain broke every record you can imagine at school.


And they got him in the fifth round. So they drafted running backs in the fourth and fifth round that aren't even expected to be those guys that they're super excited about. So they're deep, they're loaded. Can't Believe you just went third string jets running back on early that you're that passionate early On the pod. We went right there. But you know this Braille and Allen has a lot of fans around the league and he slipped to the fourth round. The last point I would make because the break glass in case of emergency last year was Zach Wilson. And it didn't work out. The Giants really wanted to bring back Tyro. Yeah. Giants offered Tyro a lot of money. The Jets got tyro.com. So for the first time in Aaron Rogers' time, you know, with the Jets, and he had guys who were veterans when he was younger, but he's not the camp counselor in that room.


Oh. Interest Tyro can handle like, you know, all right, let me do whatever. And Tyro Tyro's, like, I was almost stabbed to death by the Chargers doctor. I've been through it, man. I've seen a lot of stuff. I've been, I played for the Giants, played for the Giant and you Surf by Tommy DeVito. Like I've seen it all. Yeah. So like Ty Rod and Rogers together is a really cool dynamic where it's a 40-year-old and 36-year-old I think. Yeah. And it's like Rogers doesn't have to babysit. Like he doesn't have to come and like teach these guys movie references. It's like, all right, let's just go to work. I Don't know whether I'm older and whether I've just watched too many football seasons in a row, but I, there are some seasons where I just really feel like you see it, oh, this team reminds me of 50 other teams of, you know, that have come through and they just check so many boxes.


It's gonna be hilarious when they go like six and 11, but It could very well happen. That's from a talent standpoint, from the fact that they haven't been good in a while, that the division is kind of going the other way. I think they're getting some luck with what happened with Buffalo's defense. Yeah. I think there's a wind there. What's happening with Miami. Miami lost a lot of guys too. They did. And they, and they're starting out the season banged up. The pats are gonna be a disaster. That's two wins right there. Yeah. I'd just be really surprised. We had a, we did this Wins pool. Have you ever seen that Wins Pool where they have the you, if you get the first pick, you get 20th and 26. Yes. And if you get the second pick, you get 16 and 29. I've seen four. I've seen it with four teams. It's really cool. So you pick three Teams, eight people, four teams. Okay. So this is similar. It's Just, so I ended up with 10 and 12 Were the jets there at 10 And the Jets were there at 10.


And I was like, I can't believe the Jets are here at 10. Yeah. And that's who I took. And, and then Green Bay was there at 12 and I was like, I can't believe Green Bay's here at 12, Two great teams this year. Possible Super Bowl matchup. But yeah, it's, the thing is, it's the Jets' and everybody's been making that point, but it, it's not like the Jets have just been a dumpster fire for, they're not the lions where like the, the lions were like, oh, we made the playoffs. The Jets have been an a ffc title games. That's 13 years ago. 13 years Ago. I, but I'm just saying they, they at least have had Yeah, they beat Brady and playoff In Foxborough. Yeah. They, they, they beat Peyton Manning and Indie, like recently with Rex. It's every once in a while they resurface is my point. And where it's like, oh, the Jets are good, no doubt.


And then they go away for 10 years ago and like Last year was different. Last year the hard knocks thing was so real. You have, you know, Oz the Mentalist coming and being like, they're gonna the Super Bowl and there's six episodes and you know, S's doing the Tony Soprano drive in and it's like everyone was in and it happened. Well when you, when you're season three plays in that happens. you can Catastrophic way And also like, you know, you've seen the rhythm of some of these football seasons from off season through the training camp. you can get the bad juju or you get the good juju. It seems like they have the, where the Niners are the opposite. And it's like, no doubt it's every one of 'em is explainable and you can be like, okay, and that they, you know, ironically these two teams are playing.


But there's just a lot of stuff lining up with the Niners. I feel that way About where the same, that veteran football fan history. I'm like, ah, I don't like the vibe. I feel that way about San Francisco where the end result Auks in town. Trent Williams is in town. Yeah. So You'd be like, oh, it's fine. They're all there. Well, it's fine. It was a long arduous deal with IU that went back and forth and you know, publicly it was like we've, you know, they've used media guys to take both sides of the story. It was ugly at one point. Then he comes back and it's like, all right, he is back. But is he, He's back and took the same offer that was there offer. But the fact that he even gets out there and like, you know, Adam reported that Schefter and it's like, all right, that means that's pretty well known and like understood. And that he has no problem reporting that, that the offer was made Yeah.


A month ago. Which is not great for anyone to hear because he missed all that time. The other team is the Cowboys. It's just, there's just bad juju around it. And maybe I'm wrong, maybe they come out and they go like they did last year and they're, because I was down on 'em last year. But McCarthy and his final year of a contract, Mike Zimmer two years removed from football to defensive coordinator. And it's, you know, the running the, the running backs are Rico, Dole, Zeke Elliot, and Dalvin Cook. Like these are real things. The salary cap stuff. The fact that Jake Ferguson's probably the second receiver, no doubt the offensive line's worse. They Have to, the front sevens probably either the same or worse. They have to pay Dak and Parsons at some point.


So it's like everything's on hold. And I don't know, I, I look at that stuff and I don't, it's like, are you of, are you looking at analytics? Are you looking at film? Are you looking at, sometimes I'm like you, it's like I'm the common sense guy. I'm the vibes guy. And it's like that just doesn't look right. But the difference with us is I'm just on my couch or in front of my iPad and or I'm listening to pods and I'm just kind of putting together some weird jigsaw puzzle in my head. Right. You're actually going to these camps. Yeah. And they can present things a certain way to you. But you've been to enough of these in enough seasons that I rarely You can kind of sift through the bullshit. Well, I see what's Real. Well I identify when a team is shit.


Like, 'cause everyone's, when I come in there, Everyone's super happy. It everyone's amazing. The guy's in the best shape of his life and the PR guy's coming down and it's, oh my God, you should meet this third round rookies. Unbelievable. Everyone's. But I can usually also identify the teams that seem like they're dialed in and it's like, oh, they're in pre, like they're in the mode. And Rogers like, it was a beautiful thing watching Sauce Gardner and Garrett Wilson go at it one-on-one. Yeah. Like those are the two best at what they do. And Rogers is throwing the ball and say what you want. I don't think Jets fans even realize, and, and Mike Francesa did a thing with Chris Russo today and I actually listened to it and it was actually, he makes a great point. And he's like, I don't think Jets fans even like, they don't, they don't know how good Rogers is. Like they've seen him and we've all seen him, but like Right. What he does on the routine, he's the most accurate passer that you can imagine.


And he does it with such effortless throws and they're perfect. And I talk to these players like, because I did the preseason game, talked to DJ Reed who's the corner, and he is like, you're defending a receiver as well as you possibly can defend him. And Rogers puts it and it's literally can only be one inch and it's there and the receiver catches it and then 20 yards later it's a touchdown. Like he does things still that there's a very small group of quarterbacks in the history of the game have ever done. So if you have him out there and you won seven games last year and you have an offensive line that had 20 different bodies, like I would think four to five wins with a third place schedule more than last year is doable. So that's 11, 12 wins.


That's where I landed as well. It's funny, you go to these things and it's like you're coming, like you came over to my house today. Yeah. And everybody's gonna be pleasant when you go to somebody's house here. But if you're there for a while and it's like, you know, later my wife's making dinner and she gets mad at me or she starts, she's like, bill, can I talk to you for a second? You're like, oh shit, what's going on in this house? That's kind of what those training camps are like. Right? Everything is nice on the surface, but then you're kind of watching and you might see. Yeah. And you'll see, you'll See the, you'll see A couple things, Right? See guys, the NFL network guys, we have this luxury where we're flown in, you're there for one day, you're in a polo shirt on a fold, on a cylinder. We're talking to the coach, everyone's laughing, smiling, the beat reporters are there all, and they're like grinding it out.


So they See everything. They see everything. So when we come in, it's, it's, it's a parachute in. Everyone's on their best behavior. Look how great this guy is, look how great this guy is. But you can get the vibe and you talk to the other guys in the media. And then I have enough sources at these teams where I say, Hey, you guys look, and they'll, they'll reveal and be like, well if we, if we can get out all right and we can get a couple wins in September, like I think we'll be all right. But other than that, like, you know, we'll, we'll, right. It's almost degrees of, But they wanna, eh, well measure your don't Yeah, they're doing like the, the glass half full positivity, But not over the top because they're like, Well, you know, if we can block, I think we're gonna be really good. It's like, you mean blocking the most important part of football? Absolutely. Absolutely. And then like the other guy who's super positive and bullish that I have to like check my governor on this thing is because he, he's always Sean Peyton's like over the moon about bow nicks.


And when we talk know, he's like, dude, you have no idea. This guy is so dialed in. He is like a 30-year-old. He is a captain already in his first season. Like, he's like, I I trust 95% of your info. That one throughout The window, there's 5%. Where I'm like, Rieger just loves this guy. And that, and it's true. Champagne could tell you anything's true. He'd be like, Joe, Nick is Joe Montana. You'd be like, come in. He's like, yes. He's like, we're gonna go defeated. Yes, you'll But Bo Nicks is 20, almost 25 years old. Yeah. And was in college for a hundred years. 61 career games in college. 61. There's a case for, I, I stayed away from that Seattle game. A million dollar pitch. Oh, I wouldn't go near that because I, I Wanna see Denver for one game. No Doubt. And that's in front. Are they gonna run the ball? Are they gonna be moving him around?


Like what are they gonna do with him? And Sean had his press conference yesterday and he is like, I don't know how to prepare for them because Seattle new defense, new head coach, he's a defensive guy, an offensive coordinator who no one's ever seen who came from the college game in Grub. And he's like, I'm watching Baltimore tape because that's what he ran last year in Baltimore. But I also, the personnel that Seattle has is nothing like the Baltimore personnel. They don't have the Yeah. Quan Smith or Kyle Hamson. So Sean's at a loss. So that game is one that I would stay the hell away from. It's a complete stay away. Yeah. I'm excited for them. I I bet they're over. I saw you Did that. I find it hard to believe seven wins is inconceivable for that team. I Would think so. I With did you go to Jacksonville?


Jacksonville? No, but I spoke to their guys a bunch and they're like, don't talk about us. They're very quietly confident. I'm in on Jacksonville. I picked Jacksonville to win the a FC South House. And I, we, we have a whole Jacksonville thing later. A million dollar picks like I'm in on Jacksonville. I That's a good zag. 'cause they kind of slept under the radar. Well Lawrence was, was injured, Slept under the radar. Did did they just create a frisk? Slipped they also slipped under the radar. No, everyone's on Houston included me. I picked Houston win the Super Bowl and now the more, and it was one of those ideas I had when I was on Simmons Family Cape Week in the Cape. You're like, It crystallized. I was like, that's what I'm gonna do. Well You start thinking, you're like, I like them. Well it's like C have C Fuck it.


Let's go for it. Whoa. Is CJ Stroud, not Mahomes, but Mahomes ish. Look, he had as good a rookie season as a quarterback has ever had in the NFL ever. Yeah. So, so your Fan don't Say that. They also, they thing, they crushed that draft. Great draft. They have a great coach. They have a lot of talent. They added mix beefed up stuff, digs Beef Up up the D-line, beefed up the running backs Hunter. But, and this is why, and it's not a negative, like so last year no one expected anything. They were the hunters. They were not the hunted. No one. I've heard you do this about the all the terrible quarterbacks. They played All the terrible quarterbacks. But I would also say they played at 1:00 PM Eastern for all 17 regular season games.


Now, I'm not saying they're gonna be scared, oh, a body clock Prime time. But like it's just all right. Then they had a playoff game at home and they beat the Browns, which was an awesome performance on Saturday. Like it was great. And then they were up on the Ravens and lost and it was like an amazing season. And Dko should have won Coach of the Year and Strau did win an offensive rookie of the year and all that. And it was great. But then you get all these players and like players, I just, they have a first place schedule this year. Yep. They've got a fucking gauntlet. if you look at their schedule. It's Not easy. And Jacksonville's good, which we think they are. I think they're andies at least decent. I Actually think Tennessee's gonna be good too. So like I can't, I think I know, I think Levi gonna get hurt. Really Just too, I just, that guy's a mania. He man. And they're putting them behind like this C minus, D plus offensive line.


I just feel like, So I went off, I I don't have Houston making the playoffs, which sounds crazy. It's not crazy. I don't, so many people are on them. We've seen the first year jump, second year, fall back, third year jump again. Yeah. If I had to do it over again and I, and I'm not, I don't wanna mul again. No, no. Go. I'll ride, ride my pick. I, I went with it. I really wanted to zag against the Chiefs and I thought Houston made a ton of sense. But the case is they have to get the one seed I think to make the Super Bowl. I don't they, it has to be like the road goes through Houston. Yeah. And the do Two games and then you're in the Super Bowl. Two Games. That's let Mahomes in round two, you know, have some bloodbath game against somebody.


Josh Allen. Yeah. And just try to get lucky. Yeah. That's the case. But I, I like your Jets Onee think it's fun too. I was on Jets and it and jealous Of it And my story behind it that I did on Good Morning football, like could either be, you know, I roll your eyes, but like, it's a real story that I was in line for ice cream out in Sag Harbor this summer, like all the way on the eastern end of Long Island. And his dad comes up to me with three kids. The eldest is wearing a Mahomes jersey. The youngest is wearing a Lamar jersey and the middle kid's not wearing any jersey. And the dad is like, oh, this kid's cursed this kid, you know, in New York. Like this guy, this poor kid, he's got the family curse. I'm like, I don't even know what you're Talking about because he's the middle kid. Yeah, he's the middle kid. Yeah. He's got the family curse. And I feel terrible for him.


It's my dad's curse and I'm like, what the hell's he even talking about? And he's like, he's the Jets fan. And everyone's like, ha ha. And I'm like, you don't wear the jersey. And he is like, he won't wear the Rogers jersey, he won't wear it because he wore it all summer last year and he, you know, Taurus Achill four games and TAUs Achilles. And I'm like, this is, and I, and it's like I talk to everyone in New York. It's like that's, it's not this crazy story of superstition. Like that's the life they live. So there's this Yeah. Giant shadow that it's like even a 10-year-old kid is, is like living with that. So it's so hard for Jets fans to believe. And all I'm saying is if ever in my lifetime, if ever, and it goes back to Parcells then when they, when they took the Broncos to the a FFC championship game to the Wire, like if ever there was a roster, and I know they haven't been there in 13 years and if ever there was like a season with the way it's working with the Dolphins, bills and Patriots, like you said, this is the year.


Like this is the time and Rogers is not getting any younger. So like now, but I don't know Achilles injury. So I heard, I heard you do that story on the show. Yeah. You Thought I was bullshitting or what? No, my favorite part was the dad just seemed to have unlimited funds for Jets Jerseys. He is buying so many the, he's just on fanatics. They're, they're just sending him emails. Yeah. The middle son has every jersey, but he will not wear the j the Rogers one, but he's got like 16 other jet jerseys just listing them. Yeah. Let's take a break and then I wanna talk about your biggest 2024 zag.


This episode is brought to you by NFL Sunday Ticket on YouTube tv. One of my favorite products. And baby, I am back in my role as YouTube TV's CMO, chief Multi-View Officer. That's right. NFL season. It's finally here. Thank God. What were we doing without it? There's no better way to tune in than with NFL Sunday Ticket and YouTube tv. You get access to every game, every Sunday, all in one place. And with the upgraded multi-view feature, which I love so much, you can even customize which four NFL games you wanna watch at the same time. That's what I'm gonna be helping out with. That is one magical Sunday. My friends And. guess what? We get a bunch of them all in a row. Sign up today at youtube.com/bs device and content restrictions. Apply local and national games on YouTube. tv. NFL study ticket for outta market games. Excludes digital only games.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA, A superior light beer Michelob Bal ULTRA Good for so many things. Camping barbecues cheering on your favorite team. But it's especially great to have while watching a basketball game or while sitting outside on a nice summer night. Thinking about a basketball game. People you know, they'll, they'll mess around with the Michelob Ultras. Maybe they'll put a little orange slice on it. Maybe they'll pour it in a nice cold, frosty mug. I'm a bottle guy. I like bottles. I like grabbing the Michelob ULTRA like drinking outta the bottle. I've actually, as I've been getting older, I went through a phase where I wasn't drinking a lot of beer. Now I feel like I'm drinking as much beer as I have in a long time, especially during the summertime. And Mic LeBora is perfect. Well, it may not be basketball season yet. The preseason will be here before you know it. So make sure you stock up why you can order a pack of Michelob ULTRA today. Have it delivered through doordash.com. Enjoy it responsibly. Copyright 2024 Anheuser-Busch Michelob ULTRA Registered Light Beer St. Louis, Missouri.


So your biggest zag of the 2024 season Mine. I'll give you mine first. So you know, I have Pittsburgh in the playoffs. Love it. I think Pittsburgh's defense is the best unit of all the defenses in either conference. And that's Tomlin plus the defense, plus Wilson just not turning the ball over ever. And they're just gonna grind out these wins, including potentially week one in Atlanta. Yep. And I'm just, I'm in on the, nobody believes in us with them. And I'm alone. House is semi there, at least for week one with me, but I'm basically alone. And even Staler fans are like, nah, we're fucked man. Dude, our our offensive blinds at shambles.


Russ sucks. We won receiver like that. Bad pick. You're wrong. So that's my zag. What's your number one zag Seattle in the playoffs In a loaded NC. See, I think you have people with you on that because I I'm, I I bet them to win the division, make the playoffs and go over I, You and I and a few others. But like, it is, It's, it's crickets out there for the Seattle and FC West. It's because the fact that like everyone looks at them and like, oh, and there's a 37-year-old head coach and they don't really what's on defense, but like that's how Old he Is. 37. Mike McDonald. 37. Wow. Dude, his story's crazy. He was How Many coaches are you older than? I know it's getting there now. I You have a Couple, right? McVay McDonald.


Yeah. McVay's still like 31 years old. McVay's still young. There's another one that was, I think Callie, Brian Callahan in Tennessee. I'm older than him. Yeah. How Old's Dko Ryans? Dko Ryans were probably the same. No, probably older because I remember when he was drafted. So yeah, I probably older. So 37. Wow. McDonald 37. And his story's crazy. He was a ga which is like graduate assistant at Georgia in like 2013. Yeah. And like rose up really quickly and then was at the, the Michigan Wolverines when they were really good on defense a couple years ago. The Ravens bring him back 'cause he was in Baltimore and then they bring him back and then he gets this thing. But like, he's 37 and he hires this grub who they don't have a history, who was Washington's offensive coordinator with Pennix and Polk and a Dunes and McMillan and that awesome offense that Washington had.


And he is like, he didn't even know the guy, they didn't have any really relationship. And he is like, I'm gonna get a college offensive coordinator and make him the NFL one here. And I just feel like there's no buzz about them at all. And my zag was putting them in the playoffs. But if you've got them winning the division, then I, I, I'll tip my cap because I didn't, I picked the Niners win the division. I'm just saying I put they were plus six 50 I think to win the NFC West. So I just sprinkled Someone that I don't see anyone doing it. And then the other one I has, I have the Broncos making it, which I can't even give you a rhyme Or reason, man. I looked at trust the quarterback man. I looked at that. I I wanna do that so badly. Isn't it fun? Isn't it fun when you make that film? I looked at it forever. I I just couldn't get past the, the schedule, which I thought was a little harder than I wanted it to be for the, the fact that they weren't good last year.


Yeah. But they actually, what they go seven, eight, they won. So they didn't even get a fourth place schedule. Remember they beat Buffalo, But the cap, the, those teams, and this is my fear with Buffalo too. And, and I had Bills fans in my life where you just fucking hate Buffalo. And I was like, every year I wanted to pick Buffalo, I wanted to zag with them for the ffc. That's a great zags all year. Yeah. But then the combo of all the money that is just dead cap, it's 61 million and dead cap. And then when Milano got hurt, I'm like, I'm out and i's fair. I I just, this is a too tall of a task first. And You know, they lean into that. They love that. So I talk to those guys and they're like, I'm like, you know, Diggs a big loss Gabe Davis. And they're like, okay. I'm like, what Dalton Kincaid had like 90 catches last year.


Like well The thing is they, they, They think and like the digs thing, and I'm not trying to make news here, but like it it's one of those, it was time and it's like He said That there's just like, just like imagine just a cloud lifted. Yeah. And it's not 'cause they don't like each other personally, but like for the quarterback it's like, oh my God, fine. Alright. Now it's like I could there wherever and do whatever and they, they got long, but it's all right. Digs caught two balls in the A FFC championship game and I think like eight targets like something crazy. So it's like, let's see what else we have out there or a FC division around. And they've got the Shaki and they've got Keon Coleman and I think they think they're gonna be all right on offense. They're, I mean the the case against it is they're, I hate relying on rookie receivers like that that I know.


I know As somebody who is as some Pats fans, Jalen Polks gonna have a hundred catches when Think well I'm, I'm actually excited for him. But as, yeah we had Pat last year, there's so many guys with the pads that we had to like keep our fingers crossed and the guys just sucked. Yeah. And it really does seem, once you get to that 25 to 50 wide receiver range just feels like a coin foot. Yeah. You're hoping you go back and look at the history and it's like, yeah there's AJ Brown, but there's Nikhil Harry. Totally. And it just does this. Totally. So Outta all those receivers, everybody loves everybody but a couple of them are gonna be bused like Legett on the, on the Panthers. Yeah. Keon Coleman. There were so many Jaylon po. Many Piol of course has the shit. Yeah. Pure saw. Like he, two of those guys are gonna end up sucking. He's just the law of averages.


That's how it goes. The Wait, can we go back to Seattle? Yeah, I, I'm into Seattle. One of the things I liked about them, well they actually have like a semblance of a home field advantage if they have a good team. Yeah, yeah. But you know they have loaded position groups like their receivers, they're 1, 2, 3 are up there. The Ohio State, like Jackson spent, like, they rave about this guy and he barely scratched the surface. Last year They have, they had two first round picks last year and the first run pick they got this year who's really a lottery pick. Murphy Murphy's amazing. Yeah, He went 16 but he should have been top 10. No doubt. But so they're bringing in blue chippers finally. And, And I like Gino. I don't mind Gino Gino's Not gonna lose you games. Like I know that sounds like a backended compliment, but like he's gonna keep you in every game and if your team doesn't make mistakes, you'll win you Games.


Well and then ever, I mean Walker's been one of the biggest Buzz guys of the year. I know everyone, everyone's in on 'em also. But I was early on it like Just the fantasy drafts were nuts. He was going in the forties and options. I wonder Sometimes With Like, and it's not just me, I know on yours I think it might've been Danny Kelly was also big on 'em too because I listened to that podcast with the three of them. But like I, I, you know, I talked to Mike about it obviously in the summer. And then someone made me aware of this, which was interesting when he was at Michigan State, Kenneth Walker, he ran for 2 91 and five touchdowns in an upset of Michigan and just tore them up two Nine oh against Mike McDonald. Mike McDonald's, a defensive coordinator. So like I know that's like, all right, what does that have to do with Seahawks versus 49 ERs?


It does. It's just like McDonald had options, could have. He interviewed, he could have taken job. It's like that was one of the cornerstones of this team. So they feel really strong about him. They like that Chardonnay as the other running back. He's a good backup. Good. Yeah, they're loaded. The thing is, I don't know how to scout a left guard. Yeah. I wouldn't, I don't, I don't really know. There's linebacker stuff where I'm like, oh I'm sure that guy's awesome. I could tell that Fred Warner's awesome. There's other guys on the tv. I can't tell. Yeah. But with running backs you can just kind of tell who has it. Yeah. You know Lombardi and I always talk about that. We're always be like, why doesn't that guy play more? Yeah. And Walker was one of those guys, when you watch the games, you're like, he's really good. That guy seems awesome.


Yeah. Why don't they give him the ball? Bri sauces like that. I mean some of the ones make sense. There's other ones like the guy in the Bengals, the backup. Oh, chase Brown. Chase Brown. Yeah. We played played at the end of the season. Really well I Like Chase Brown. Yeah. And there's a reason Joe Mixon, I took him in at least one of my, one of my drafts. But like there's certain guys were like, man, I like that game. McLaughlin on the Broncos is another one on the end. The year Last year, my other guy, and this is, it's late for fantasy, but I'm like a big Taja Spears guy. He's Tennessee's number two. Again, Tennessee might not be that great, but total like change of pace guy outta Tulane and like they love him there. So like that's the kind of guy we're like, oh well Tony Pollard's there. So he is not gonna get Carries. No. He'll like he'll get carries. Can I ask you more Juju questions?


Yeah. What's, how we feeling about the, the vibes in Cleveland? What's the word in the street? Yeah, I, it's weird isn't it? And it's like they could be the best team in the A FC on paper. They're loaded. Deshaun Watson. I don't know. I honestly don't. And you hear that he looks good in practice. So they changed the offense. They changed the offensive coordinator. But Bill Callahan's not there anymore. Who I thought was really important. He was the offensive line guy. And yet Vrabel is there. Vrabel comes in, I Don't know what he's doing. Abel's role. I don't know. How is he not hosting a show with Belichick? He could have been the seventh Belichick show. Could we talk about that for A second? Bell Belichick here. Oh, Belichick's on our show. I mean, he's gonna be doing news updates for Good Morning football.


Like I'm not like unbelievable. Does he know the word no. Is he, what's going on? I think Belichick, he knows he's coaching in February. Yep. He's Got it. And it's already, you think It's back pocket? The Belichick podcast should have been called the six month money grab. I mean it, he's just like, do you have a check? Oh, I'm happy to talk. But I don't think he, I'm watching this 'cause I really wanna see in week one One because You gotta do it 22 weeks for seven different outlets. I do it for like four and I'm like, I got nothing left. Like, But here's the thing, he's gonna have to actually be critical and I don't know if he's gonna do it. Yeah. Especially if he's coming back. If he's coming back. 'cause we've seen it, we've seen all kinds of versions of this with basketball and doubt football. Especially in basketball where the guys, they do TV for a year, two years.


You Straddle it and they're nice and Yeah, they just don't, they don't wanna really say anything 'cause they might coach again. That's why I loved having Doc on, 'cause Doc Doc would say things Doc has, yeah, he has no self edit button. Pat Riley was really good way back when, when he did Studio. Studio I remember in Before your Time studio. Yeah. But it's really rare. Was like him And Peter Vestey and Bob Costas like, what was it, first Year? I think it was just him and Costas. Okay. But he was really good. Yeah. And I wanna see with Belichick when we come outta week one. See like We, I worked with Sean Peyton for that one year and that would be the perfect thing. 'cause Peyton knew he was coming back. He was a little careful. He was, but right outta the gate he is like, I don't believe in Tua. And like it made crazy news. And I'm like, I pulled him aside and I'm like, well that's gonna be headline. He's like, well I don't, I'm like, I Yeah, but when you say it, yeah you watch.


Yeah, that might. And then from the rest Of, and then he kind of learned his lesson, right? And then you pulled back and didn't hear that again. You know, like Right. It was like, and I don't Belichick outta the gates, how they're using him. And I watched inside the NFL and it was like, all right, what is Baltimore Casey, what's Baltimore guy do to win this game? He is like, well you can't have Travis Kel go nine for 96 in the first half and like, let's, and the three other guys who you know, bless him, whatever. But it's like Chris Long Ryan Clark and re like hanging on every word watching him do film study. And I'm like, that is cool. There's a, but if you're doing seven different, is he gonna be that guy on all these? And then McAfee, he's a little lighter and we laugh about the Insta face and all that stuff, but like, I don't know what I necessarily am looking for. I know what I Want. What do you want?


Just him ripping to shit. Like, Hey, I don't want the ripping I want, if he's really gonna be good at this, I want him to be like, all right, the Jaguars beat the Dolphins week one. Lemme tell you why I'm gonna look at the tape. Watch what they did against Tua because Tua, he's good at this, but he's bad at this. So when he is out there, you wanna make him roll to his right and like explain to us like how he would coach against Tua. He was, if he does that, he's gonna be good. He Was fantastic with McAfee at the draft because Drake may gets picked. He's like, look, this is a bad pass actor. I thought he was awesome. Yeah. And then there was another thing where he was critical of something like, So that gave me hope that he might be good at this. But I see seven different outlets and I'm like, well are you giving underdog fantasy your fastball?


Or are you giving 33rd team your fastball or is it on the manning cast? Or are you just gonna be a comedian with all of them? Because now he's suddenly this like comedian that they all wanna bring on and do jokes about. So, you know, so I'm with you and Kyle Bra made a great point today on the show. He is like, 'cause we had to talk about like, oh, bill Belichick finally has social media and we all laugh and do that thing, whatever. And Kyle's like, I kind of miss the Belichick that I knew for the last 25 years. That's like, I'm not going on social media and I'm not this warm and fuzzy guy. Right. And I'm the smartest football mind in the world. Let's tap into that. So maybe we're doing too much sports media, but like I'm fascinated No, I I what this little sabbatical is like. 'cause I agree. I think it's coming back next year. Listen, this is one of the big stories, the the two biggest sports media for football season is him And Brady.


Right? Yeah. Will Brady be good? Will Bell check? Have you, have you, it's funny that they're linked together again. Have you offered your, I mean I'm sure Brian Curtis had an awesome article this week. Have you had your thoughts on Brady publicized yet? Like how you think it's gonna go or No? Have you done any talking on it? Because I, I had a pretty cool experience where Fox flies us all out to this terranea this like nice spot in Palace Verde. They put any Fox is great. They put anyone who like is on air or is a director or Producer. And they put us up and it's like an offsite and it's required and Strahan has to be there and Erin has be there. You get be there to hang with Carissa and Aaron, right? We do. We hang, we hang with them. Those Are great. They're great. Hangs great. Hang Shout out to those two.


Love them. And it's like, it's, it's work but it's also fun. You play golf, but you also do like these breakout sessions. And I'm at a dinner the first night and I see Brady, he's looming. He's like there and there's people like, you know, he was at a table with maybe like Menefee and Howie Long and at my table was Gronk and Edelman and Michael Vick and Charles Woodson and Brady just kind of slides in and I'm like, all right. And he pulls me aside and he is like, he's like, what's up man? He is like, you know, I I'm excited to work with you and we've I've done production meetings with him. I've covered him. Yeah. But like, I don't have a relationship with him. You know, I, I know who he is and he is really cool. Just so Happened. And then he's like, where can I get some cocaine around here? No, God, that would've been an amazing story.


I'm not the Guy. No, I'm kidding. Like Tell me your best Tampa Bay Bucks for, since story, and maybe I'll find you some. And then Brady starts kind of like locking into me and, and going in on like, he's like, you cover the game every day on good morning football. He is like, what do you think about the current, you know, way that like the quarterbacks are sort of protected and like locked in. And he is like, I just think when I, and you've seen the clips where he talks about this stuff? Yeah. But he's like, it was, it was on me to not get those receivers injured and like, I would've to eat it sometimes and take a sack and I would sometimes have to throw the ball away. And he's like, and I wouldn't run outta the pocket because I'd get my head taken off by Ed reader Ray Lewis. And he's like, yeah, he, and he's like really passionate and dialed in and locked in.


And I'm like, oh shit. Like, and he's talking about it. He's like, I watched film on Lamar. He's like, Lamar's amazing. He's like, but you know, if you notice like this, this, this was different back when I played. So the question, is he gonna be critical? Is he gonna be, I think he's gonna be so passionate and like has real thoughts that in real time I think it's gonna be refreshing. And I don't think we've seen that from one of these guys yet. I don't know how it's gonna go this weekend, but like, I think it's even more fascinating than the game itself. Cowboys versus Browns. Like, I wanna hear Brady in between plays and Burkhart's been working with him and Richie Zions and Rich Russo who are the Producer and director and they're like, he wants to do the work. Like he's watching film. Like, I'm like, I don't know if that's what's the most necessary part, but like he's at least colored in as prepared as anybody. So the Roast Made me think he might be pretty good at it because I was really surprised he did it and he really threw himself into it.


But you know, one of the things I heard was that because he, he's, because he's got that Raiders thing, he's not allowed to go out. I don't where out to the pregame meetings. And I'm like, he's like, well he's not gonna be able to do the meetings that's gonna hurt him. It's like those meetings are fucking stupid. Oh I I, I get a lot outta the meetings because it's me and I go in there and I'm like, oh, it's a chance for my to have FaceTime with everything. Yeah. But half the stuff you're here is, we don't need that. We love, we love this guy. We're super excited about about him. We love this guy. We love that guy. His meetings are Horse shit. I've been in a million 'em, here's how they go. Because not everyone at home knows come in. You hand the coach, the all 22 or the, the depth chart, the flip cart. And some coaches will be like, all right, this guy's not playing. He's injured. And that's not public yet. You'll find that out Sunday. But yeah, tell us because we have to prepare like, But somebody can find that out for Brady.


Sure. Exactly. And then the analyst, which would be Brady or my crew, I used to work with Chris Spielman who was really good at these and then John Lynch I I worked with as well. And the analyst will usually lead those meetings and ask questions to the quarterback, the head coach and a defensive player. And you know, the sideline reporter gets one or two questions and the play-by-play guy usually will get one or two as well. But it's usually led by the analyst in that crew. You've got Tom Rinaldi who's a great interviewer. You've got Aaron Andrews, you've got Kevin Burkhart, you've got three different people who are all fantastic at what they do. I think if Brady doesn't have a face to face with Deshaun Watson, but those guys get whatever information they need to go into it.


He's done the work. I almost don't know necessarily need him in the meeting talking to Deshaun Watson, wanna wanna be like, a lot of that stuff is filler. Like well as we talked to him yesterday, he told us that like, you know, he's really, I would how about this you for not talking to anybody. Yeah. Just show up for the game and broadcast it And be objective. I did a couple NBA games when I was at ES pn. I remember one time we had a Lakers game and they weren't very good. And we talked to D'Antoni. He was the Laker coach and what Were, I've never done an NBA one. Is it you're in person or I actually Really enjoyed it. They're amazing Dude. They Were, they're love, they're so candid because they wanna win you over, but it's all stuff you can't really use where he is like, ah, this fucking guy, you know what I'm like, alright, I, I can't use that.


I don't know. It was fun to talk to him, but it, it didn't really color how I announced the game. No, but if you get a story, so like I told you that DJ Reed story about, you know, he's saying that Roger's like, that's a cool story. I don't get that if I don't have that production meeting. But it's, I think where you really get it, because I'm convinced this happens with Romo where they tip him off like first quarter. Well you also, You just watch out for a trick play because we think this is special. Friday's Also usually red zone and special teams and you get to go to practice if you're not doing it virtually, you get to go to practice. I dunno if everyone's gonna the practices those years, but like it might have all changed during Covid, but it used to be you get to go to practice so you'd see what they're doing in the red zone and then that would actually usually happen in the actual game.


So you're actually getting practice, I guess. So I, I'm gonna, I'm gonna adjust my take. Yeah. I'm sure it's worth it. But as a viewer, I'm always annoyed when they do the, we talked to him last night, talked to him yesterday. We talked to him yesterday. We talked to him on Friday. It's like, just fucking gimme the info. I don't, I don't care. Yeah. I'm not taking notes. It's like when the people report so-and-So sign an extension. His agent at so-and-so agency did the extension. I'm like, I don't fucking care who did the extension? Yeah. I barely care that there was an extension. Yeah. And I was gonna find out there's an extension tomorrow at nine eight anyway. Oh, who? Yeah. Hey, like is there a quiz where I get to guess what age? Yeah, you need to know the That's it, whats in it. But back to Brady though.


I was gonna say one more thing about him. I think he's gonna be good. I do too. I do. I I actually really do think he's gonna be good. He Was super like locked in with that conversation. And then the NFL comes to this thing as well 'cause I have to go through the rules and the, one of the NFL executives was there and was talking about that dynamic kickoff and Brady was like, oh, oh. So like I've got thoughts on that too. And like, he had like 20 minutes like with this NFL executive and it was all great. It's all about football, but like passionate and I don't know, I'm seeing social media and Brady's at, you know, the Michael Rubin stuff and he is doing the, he's doing the, the, the boat racing. And I'm like, is he, no, this dude is dialed in. So at the very least you're getting commitment and I think he's gonna be great.


I have more of a question of if he's gonna last the year as In like does he want to do it? No, I'm just never convinced that that guy's done playing. Fascinating. Turn The fucking tic TikTok. Turn the tic TikTok camera. Seven years camera on Kyle. Turn that on. Let's go. We're in person. Turn the TikTok camera on. I think He's 47. Dude, I don't care. I don't care. I think he's still in shape. He's, I think he's always ready to go. And if anything happened to one of the quarterbacks on the top six teams, I'm just, I'm, I I refuse to believe he's retired is My point. This is a fascinating take. I think he's done. I don't, it's not a take.


I really truly believe this. So like, Let's say I'm not, I'm not putting a team out there because No, I don't wanna put bad ju Joe. Yeah, I'm just saying if it's a team that has a chance to win the Super Bowl and there's a heaven can wait situation where something happens, I think he would come back Based on knowledge or just your gut here. I'm just saying I think he would come back If you're that team, I Think up until he turns 50 years old, I will always believe there's a chance he will come back. Because I think these guys are all wired the same way with boxers, you know, actors Yeah. Rappers. These dudes that have really had like, achieved great stuff and once that switch gets turned off, the only way you stop doing is if your body's not cooperating anymore.


if you like you literally can't do it. He looks great, dude. Like he's, he Looks great in shape. He looks great Because he got super skinny there for a little bit, but he's not like super, super skinny anymore. I was With him about a month ago. He looks fantastic. Yeah. So anyway, I I never believe that guys are done unless their body definitively tells 'em they're done. And you can't tell me if you put like two glasses of, of on maybe Jagermeister Yeah. Infused almond milk or whatever drinks or whatever the fuck he'd be able to drink. It's can't me it's truth serum like, Hey Tom, do you thi think you could be one of the seven best QBs right now without a training camp? I guarantee he thinks he Could. Alright, here's my counter and tell me if I'm too much of a TV Fox guy, whatever.


I'm employed by the Super Bowl year. He's calling the Super Bowl. Does he bail on that to, Oh, I thought you were gonna say, can he call the Super Bowl but play for one of the two teams? That's true. Trying to figure out, no, but I guess he would've to have the headphones on the sidelines. I'm Saying like, I guess even if his, I don't know if he's eliminated, he could probably go Back up there. Listen, the odds of a, of a QBI on a top five team getting hurt in like November December pretty low. It happens dude. But does happen. Happens. It happens. I'm just never, I'm just saying for the rest of the 2000 twenties until he hits 50, I'm not counting on him coming back and it's not a take. It's, I genuinely believe It's not crazy. It's you. I don't think these guys can shut it off. I just, the fact he, I think Jordan would've kept playing if his knees Didn't just like His knees like died on him.


Yeah. He just couldn't Play at the Same Level. But he had all last year to come back and he had all this off season to come back and he didn't come back. Why would he do it now? He's watching football, he's in the flow. It's Sunday's routine. My thought was, and this was last year, but now I'm convinced that he's, he's all in and everything. But like my thought was, I'm not saying he's done all in No, No, no, no. I was saying my thought last year Was you got the person, my, the team is nine and one and their QB got hurt and he's staring at it and they call him. I know that he was ready to come back for that nine ERs last year. That was a true story. I'm not deny denying that. I'm 100% positive that that happened. And that was less than a year ago that he was like, Hey Shana Ann, if anything happens to Brock Purdy, I'm right here. That was nine months ago.


He would come back if it was the right team. Yeah. I'm not counting him out. By the way Peyton Manning would play again if his fucking network networked. True. I also think these Guys only retire when something's wrong. I think Peyton actually plays a role in this. I think Brady's the most competitive motherfucker there is. And the fact that Peyton for the last three years is winning Emmys and Is Herald is the greatest thing to happen to sports media. I think Brady wants to be the best at that too. I think there's still a fire there also. Like, all right, I got the number one job at Fox, I'm calling the Super Bowl. Let me show you what I can do now. I kinda like that storyline of like, all right, here's a 10 minute clip of the Omaha musical. Okay, that's Peyton. I'm calling the Super Bowl dude and I wonder if there's a competitive fire between the two of them there.


Look, he has it, he had it really good. He, he could just chill in Baker's Bay, Bahamas and, and play on the beach and, and be, he doesn't need to be in Cleveland Week one. He certainly doesn't need to be doing Green Bay Chicago week 11. If it's a seven game run, You'd say get out, get out of the booth and get suited. I mean, can you imagine? Could you imagine? And like pick a team. I don't know. It's fun. It's a great, it's, I I'll say this, out of all the great players that have retired and this happened, I guess there was like, they always talked about John Havlicek in the Celtics. Yeah. He retired after his 16th year in 1978. How old was he? And he was I think like 36, 37.


Okay. But everyone was like, he was in amazing shape and he would play with the team every while for the next couple years. And there was when the team got really good again, they were kind of like, yo Hondo could You at 41, could you? And, And he easily just could have come back and kept playing. But he was like, nah, I already retired. And you know, it was a different era. Totally. There was way less money at stake too. Well Dude, I look at to to is 50 something right now. But like we have him on the show, he's incredible and he's like, I wanna still play Tyson. Tyson. Same thing. Gotta fight fighting. Yeah. That Happened yet When is that? The Cole brother? Right. I think that got that got pushed back again. Back. But like to comes on good morning football. He's 50 something years old and he is in the most amazing shape and he is like, I still wanna play. And everyone it's, that makes a headline every time because he's like, I can still run a four Five.


I think when you hit a certain point of greatness, You never think you're done. You Never think you're done unless your body like you. You know, it's like I was one of the great blue guy pickup basketball players, you know, in the LA area and it's just body and your body just gave out wouldn't cooperate anymore. And they, and I knew it and you just, when your body gives out, I don't think Brady Brady's body's given out. No, he was to the bitter end really good. So anyway, I, I don't know, it just, it's a good topic. I think if we're going for what would make this like the greatest season ever and it's like somehow Brady ends up on an n FFC team. You imagine with seven weeks to go playing Mahomes, going for a threepeat, That'd be Insane. And then the world would, I feel like an asteroid would just hit The, that's the world ends after that.


Well the world might end in November. I don't know how either way, but like that's how that's gonna happen. So Are you like, so 'cause this, this happens like with the Chiefs Yeah. You're like kind of an honorary chiefs. Like you're just kind, you're kind of in, you're like a doctor in the crew. You went to KC for comedy stuff. Yes. And they, I did this big slick event with them and I, you know, we auctioned off an incredible chief experience, which I But you're not from Kansas City. Nothing, nothing to do with it. I have nothing to do. I was early on Mahomes. Yeah, Casey fans love that. I picked them early to win their first Super Bowl when they did it after, you know, the, the Mahomes second season, whatever it was. And then, but you know, Paul Rudd's a Brooklyn guy. We became friendly and then he's like, why don't you come to this event?


So now I'm at this, this Kansas, I'm like Kansas City royalty because I pick 'em to win and they win and I'm like so bullish about it. So last year there were the five seed and I like with a ton of arrogance and I was on your podcast doing the same thing. And I'm like, they're not losing to the bills. I don't care if they're on the road. Like they're going to beat the bills. And they did. And I'm like, they're not losing to the Ravens. And they did, They barely beat the bills Kansas City liked of course. But they win Kansas City fans and I, we've we've we've hit it off. But it's interesting the Chiefs as an organization, like I did this whole thing today predicting them to win. I called it a Chief's Pete, not a Threepeat, it was great, blah blah, blah. Everyone's tweeting it chief's organization. Like they're not that way. Like they wouldn't repost that they wouldn't celebrate, they wouldn't be like a thumbs up res.


Like that's not their thing that goes to Clark Hunt, that goes to his father Lamar. It's like they're their social media presence as creative as their content people are. It's like they're not boastful. They're not that way. And it's almost like we're just gonna take care of our stuff. And the, the win that I talked to Andy and Spas about this the year afterwards, the win that they were so proud of their team and Ted Cruz was the old PR guy, not the Texas senator is PR guy who's now with the Bears Story is coming somewhere. I promise they they had the Cincinnati Bengals game the year after they lost to the Bengals and it was Borough Head and then the mayor of Cincinnati came out and it was like talking and no one said anything from KC and then KC wins and then the locker room afterwards they were so fired up 'cause they've wanted to talk so bad and they just didn't.


And like the team was so proud, the organization was proud. Like not a single thing publicly Mahomes. They were, they, they hated that Bengals team and they hated the fact that the Bengals were puffing their chest and thought they were gonna go in and was That's very Patriots esque. It Was Mike Hilton who's not Joe Burrow or Jamar Chase, but it was Mike Hilton running his mouth and like not a single chief's player. So words the pats as it went on with the Pats, they started getting a little more feisty about that. 'cause I remember who was the Steelers? Was it Ryan Clark? Who was the Steelers Dac something? No, it wasn't Ryan Clark. It was somebody, let's think, 'cause I'd get it Was the Steelers dac who talked shit about Brady. Really? And then Brady just targeted him. Just went Adam and torched him. Was It in that Was in the dynasty and talked all kinds of shit in one of the play Afghans.


Yeah. I shit, 20 years of Pat's history. Plenty together at this point. I now with somebody. But they just, they were like, and then Brady were like ran up to him after the touch shouts. Yeah. And I Brady really like when we got to 2010, he loved that shit. Brady Loved that. And that was his motivation. Yeah. It was like, oh, someone else is picking against us. And you know, one thing with Mahomes, he sees and reads it all. I know that he sees and reads it all and the NFL network does his top 100 list that is like, oh, Tyreek being won. Tariq won. Lamar being ready to be head to him. He was number four on the list. Was that the players did that though, right? Yes. The players vote on it. And I, But that's the thing. Like we players shouldn't vote on anything. You can't be mad. It was voted in November or December of last year and Tyreek was voted number one and Mahomes number four number, they were the five seat in the a FC.


But trust me, when Mahomes was, was ranked third and Lamar was ranked one like that, fired him up. And I know for a fact that Mahomes sees that he's number four on the NFL 100. Claire Voting is, they did this in the NBA. That's how the MVP used to be decided. Really? And it was a disaster that like in the fifties and sixties. Yeah, George Is a disaster. That's It. And they finally were like, we gotta fix this. It's like you just got agendas, you got people voting against somebody who's rival against their teammate. You know, Having enough ex-players who have done it, they're like, you know, the people come in with the list, it's after practice, it's November. It's like I just, and like we hold it like as if it's like the most, Or or they might not even know what the list is. Sure. They might think it's for like MVP for that year.


That List though had, If you have a list with Lamar over Mahomes, Lamar Over Mahomes, you, you almost have to set the list on fire. Yeah. And Lamar is really good. La but come On P but come on. I know. And that's what I say. And like Mahomes is up here and we go here and then we got the rest of the Quarterbacks. You wanna put Tyreek won because defensive coordinators can't sleep at night. And he says unbelievable. Fine. We put another quarterback over Mahomes, he sees that Tyreek can't be won when his team traded him and then immediately won the next two Super Bowls. Yeah. And I'm a Tyre fan as well. Alright. I'm a Tyreek. This was fun. We'll have to keep doing this during the season. So in summary, Seattle, we both like Denver, you kind of like, I'm sorta of in just because of Jets. Jets in Seattle. Soon to be in Jacksonville.


In Jacksonville. And then we're a little worried about San Francisco. I'm more worried about Cincy than most. What About, oh, Cincy. I didn't have them in the playoffs either. I I just What about Dallas? Where'd you come out on Dallas? Oh, I'm, I'm out. Thumbs down. What about Sal? Well Sal's, he, he's not a reliable narrator. You don't go there. Is he like excited about it? He's High every year. He can't, you can't take Yes. Okay. Alright. You can't take his Dallas And then Belichick and Brady as media mavens. We'll see, We'll know with Belichick after week one, after week one. If he, if He's, you want Kirk Cousins to throw a pick and Belichick to come on inside the NFL and be like, he totally missed the coverage here. I want him to be like, here's how the Steelers defense destroyed Kirk Cousins in week one. Here are the three things they did, and now here's what Atlanta has to do because the Steelers did this, this and this, all the work.


So Atlanta now has to do this, this and this. If he does that, he'll be great. Am I making a crazy stretch? I just, I mean, I pulled it outta my ass earlier. This, I've really thought of it here and I think it's good now. Brady might be inspired to, to be better than Peyton Manning at broadcasting. Is that a crazy take that that's me. That's trying man. You know, I think 10 years ago I would've been more into it. Yeah. I just feel like Brady won. Yeah. It's like he just manning. Manning's really good though. Manning's Manning's been awesome with the media side. I'm just saying like the Brady versus Manning thing kind of is done now. Yeah. You don't think he's watching the Manning cast every Monday night and like Peyton's, he's really fucking good at this. I I could be good Too. I don't, I think Fox offered him a lot of money and that's fair and really went after him and wanted him to do it.


And that's fair. You know, he'll do it for a couple years and then he'll own the Raiders or be part owner, right? Yeah. I mean, whatever that is, I don't know how that's gonna figure itself out. But the NFL obviously wouldn't love him to own a team and also be in production meetings. Good morning. Football is the show. You're still doing it? Still doing it. Doing on some Zoom, flying LA every once in a while. Yeah. Not Zoom. We're in a studio, Kyle and I, which is kind of tricky. We're in a studio in New York City together. Yeah. Still Kyle and I in the flesh, but certain weeks on The out here. Well that Zoom, but you, but you're like on satellite or remote satellite's The right word. Yeah. And now it's, it's actually interesting and it's like a different approach to sports media. So from eight to 10 eastern we're on NFL network then it re airs three times.


So we're on NFL network, like we always were just all day, whatever. But it's only a two hour show. Then we do a totally separate show. Yeah. For two hours afterwards for syndicated markets, 119 syndicated markets. Like we're on after like Richard Bay and Judge Judy and like Jenny Jones, like whatever else is on the, like the Sherry Shepherd show. And then it's like good morning football and then on Roku. But like, I'm curious to see how it all plays out, but the thought is that this is a way that in the cable world, like the show can generate money as opposed to just was syncing subscribers on cable. Like that these networks are just, You should turn that syndicated show into like what Kathy Lee and Hoda did where you're just drinking. Just drink wine. Yeah. Just drink out wine And Bloody Marys, I'm down.


Just increasingly get crazy. Really? Kyle and I are in this studio together in New York and like, we're like, let's get crazy. Let's do, and like, we feel like it's a really loose, like it's actually airing all over. So I don't know. And you texted me a picture of the Roku home screen. You're like, I like the Roku app. I'm like, all right. I'm, I'm pro Roku, pro Roku. I like Roku Pro. Like you're watching I think Roku's a great app. Roku I'm In. I really, I resisted for a while I was always Apple tv, but I I'm a Roku Roku person now I'm still a pay for cable guy. I Why do that too? You do. Yeah. We're About to watch Chief's. Can't Wait. Ravens. And we'll be watching it on Spectrum. Yeah, let's do it. Let's Go. Alright, Glad for you real quick. And then we're wrap.


You're probably, can you just give a little bit of a taste on the Netflix Vince McMahon thing? Because I saw the promo today and I know your listeners are freaking out. Oh, the trailer? Yeah. Yeah. It's September 25th. It's six episodes and it's all episodes. And You had access to him. Yeah, we worked on it for four years. I don't, I don't wanna give away too much, but I, you know, it was, it was, It's the first day of the NF NFL season and I got more texts about this series on Netflix with Bill Simmons doing a Vince McMann piece on Netflix than I did anything about NFL today. It's, we started working on it in 2021 and, and there were a lot of twists and turns. I don't, I don't wanna hype it, I don't wanna, it, I just, it's, it's gonna be hard to not watch the next one when you're watching the first one.


It's one of those All right. And they drop all at once. It's not the HBO Drop all at once. You binge it out, let's go. Yeah, let's go carve out the six hours I'm in. I had somebody watch some screeners and they were like, I'm just gonna watch one or two. They Did the whole thing. And so I texted, I was like, you're gonna watch at least four. So then he watched the first one and he is like, oh my God. And he watched all six and seven hours, like didn't go out. So hopefully it'll be that for a lot of people, but, but we spent a lot of time working on it, so I love doing this in person, dude. Yeah, Good to see you. It's great. Thanks Riggs. Thanks. Appreciate it.


House.


It's time for a special part of today's episode sponsored by NFL Sunday Ticket on YouTube tv. A very good friend of ours, I, I love them. A friend that has made our lives really special rich in two twenties NFL Sunday Ticket Ticket, awesome features to help you stay on top of all the action multi. you can watch up to four games at once. you can layer on stats and fantasy views, track your favorite teams and players and when you bundle NFL Sunday Ticket and YouTube tv, which I have personally done, you get access to every game every Sunday. That's the most live NFL games all in one place. Local national games on YouTube, TV NFL Sunday ticket for outta market games. Excludes digital only games and content restrictions apply. We should mention that. Sure. Yeah. Remember back in college when we just had the two channels and sometimes games would be blacked out and there would just be one game on and we would be like, what the hell? Why aren't there more games? Like think how far we've come since we're in college. It's just incredible. It's a it we've led, led a charm life. We had Michael Jordan in our lives. We really have, well We've had LeBron James in our lives. Yeah, we've had great basketball players. We've had a team USA resurgence. We've had just incredible, I've won six Super Bowls, Tom Brady in our lives. I won four World series and two NBA titles just in the 2020s and a Stanley Cup in our lives. You won a Stanley Cup. Like we've had a lot of good Stuff. I gotta Washington win a Stanley Cup, but one of the best and a World series. But one of the best rituals is NFL Sunday ticket. The ability on a Sunday to watch as many games as I want to choose those games, including some of the games that we might have a little extra interest in, if you get my drift. Thanks again to our friends at NFL. Set a ticket on YouTube tv. Don't miss a moment of the action. you can miss a moment of the action house. No, I have not. I have my own ball. You golf sometimes Pepperoni pizza. Well, that was the, when Washington was bad. Washington's Good now. Right now Washington's good. There you go. Yeah. you can watch every game, including Washington, every Sunday when you bundle NFL Sunday ticket YouTube tv. Sign up today, YouTube com slash bs. Local and national games on YouTube. TV NL Sunday Ticket for outta market games. Excludes digital only games


to buy. Send content restrictions apply.


This episode is brought to you by Workday. Get the whole band together with Workday and pair finance and HR on one platform for an epic performance with Workday AI. At the core, you'll make confident decisions faster than ever and you'll drive flawless business of finance operations with an agile platform that constantly evolves to future proof your organization via finance and HR Rockstar with Workday. Visit Workday dot com to learn more.


This episode is brought to you by FXs, American Sports story. Aaron Hernandez from Executive Producer Ryan Murphy comes the first installment of a FXs American sports story, the limited series charts, the rise and fall of NFL Superstar Aaron Hernandez and explores the disparate strands of his identity, his family, his career, his suicide, and their legacy in sports and American culture. FX is American sports story. Aaron Hernandez premiers September 17th on FX. Stream it on Hulu.


Million dollar picks week one as always presented by FanDuel. Brought in my buddy Joe House as the conciliary this year. I like having people to bounce my bets off. The funny thing about this job house, I'll send you packing after three weeks if it's not working out. I don't care if we've been friends for 36 years. If it's not working, it's not working. I go where the green is for million dollar picks. Are you psyched? Are you ready to roll? How you feeling? Well, You've, you've sent me packing before, so it's not like anything that I wouldn't be used to. I'm, I'm pumped, I'm ready. I mean, we're coming off of a banner season last year, you know, on our weekly picks pool, what we do on E-S-P-N-I-I did kind of dominate. I did, you did finish you like 40 games above 500 against the spread last year. So I'm, I'm ready to do my part here. And I had a big, big hot stretch on million dollar picks last year after really hitting rock bottom. And I looked in the mayor house and I said, you know what, instead of blaming other people, blaming quarterbacks, coaches bad lines, stupid, I gotta look in the mirror. Maybe it's me. What can I do more? What's wrong with my process? And I had a really strong last 10 weeks in the playoffs. And one thing that we've noticed over the last few years is you and I tend to gravitate toward the same types of teams and bets that we like. So we're gonna run through a whole of these. We're gonna a whole bunch of these. We're gonna try to do groups and the first group is stay away. So these bets are not gonna come up. And feel free to stop me at any point of these, but these are just ones that I looked at I didn't like. It's too early. I wanna see the team for a week. The lines fishy Dallas Cleveland. I just wanna watch both teams. I wanna see what's up with Deshaun. Don't you feel the same? I know you like, you like Cleveland a little bit, but I, I just don't wanna bet on Deshaun in week one. So I did bet on Cleveland and Deshaun for week one, but it was early in the summer when Cleveland was getting points at home. Dallas was the favorite. That line has flipped and Cleveland is now favored by I think a full two points. Yeah. So I like being on the right side of that process, but You can hedge it the


other way. I'm sure, I'm sure we'll screw up the hedge. We always screw up the hedges. So it. I'm staying away from that. The past rush against that, that Dallas offensive line, which is the worst offensive line, I think, since Dak has been there. That's what I like. I like that Cleveland pass rush at home. Colts, Texans. I love the Texans this year, this line is a su a suspicious two and a half and I'm just, I'm staying away. I wa I feel like I have too much invested in the Texans. It's a revenge game for the Colts Richardson's all over the map. I don't know what to make him stay away. Bears Titans. I wanna watch both teams for a week. Okay. Do you, do you have a sway on, on this one either way or no? I think the line is too high.


I don't know why the titans are getting four and a half. I would be fine if it was Chicago by three or or two and a half. Yeah. It Feels like it'd be three and a half. Feel fine. Yeah. Yeah. It just, it feels stay Aish bucks. Washington is a game. You like Washington's getting three and a half in Tampa and you don't understand why the line is that high. I have some answers. Everything is new on the Washington side. I don't know what you're getting with, we should mention Washington's your favorite team. The Washington Defense. I wanna see how bad it is for a week. Tampa's got a little, nobody believes in us where it's just, they made the playoffs last year and everybody's kicked in the curb. It's a stay away from me. You like, you like DC just a little bit here. Right?


Tiny bit. I'm not gambling on that game. I too, I just wanna watch it and enjoy it. I wanna watch Jaden Daniels do his thing. I want to see, you know, some semblance of organizations, some semblance of discipline, getting rid of all the dumb penalties and the dumb mistakes that I had to live with the last 20 years. Yeah. Come on Dan Quinn, let's go, baby. Well, you've done, and I've known you a long fucking time. You've done something very interesting with this Washington team. Like we, we've been in fantasy drafts. You didn't wanna go near Jaden Daniels. You have a lot of eggs in the basket and you're shockingly optimistic for somebody who's you. You've been very honest about Alex Sarr.


You know, like when the, when the Wizards will take weird draft picks you Oh no. You're just like immediately, like, I don't trust this, but with Daniels, you've been very coy. I feel like you're way, way in on this and you just don't wanna admit it. Well, it's not the admit part, it's the superstition aspect of it. Like the last time that we had a, a quarterback with these credentials, a lot of similarities to a very exciting electric player. Oh yeah, yeah. Who could do things with his legs and, and honestly, Jade Daniels throws the ball as a rookie better than RG three could throw the ball as a rookie. Yeah. So I'm, I'm very over the top for Jayden Daniels, but I want my optimism to be guarded because I I, I need my guard up as a Washington fan.


You know, it's, you've been hurt. It's what this I've been true story Snyder, you've Had some bad sports relationships. Oh, vetch getting worked out. That was a win. He did, right. Congratulations. And he's gonna record Thing worked out. Yeah. Saints, Panthers. That line's moving toward the Panthers. It's now three and a half. I think we all like the Panthers. I don't think anyone likes the Saints, but that's now I'm staying the fuck away from that. Fine. Seattle, Denver. We all love Seattle. I'm, I'm a tiny bit scared of Denver with this bow, Nicks and Peyton and they feel like a live dog to me. A lot of people run on Seattle, including me. I have them in multiple bets. That line's five and a half. It's in the Vegas zone.


Half of me wants to parlay Seattle and put them with another team. But I, I think I just wanna watch that one. Do you have a feel either way? For sure. I'll be looking for ways to play Seattle on the money line. Yeah. See that's now you, now you're even giving more conviction. It's, it's just Denver goes up seven nothing and Gino, I'm staying awake. I I just Watch it. It's the problem with Seattle is the offensive line. I'm all the way in on every other aspect of Seattle. Yeah, but that offensive line is A TBD to be determined. So let, let's see it, let's see it first. And you talked on East Coast bias about the Bo Nicks rookie of the Year odds and who knows, you know, everybody's just, Caleb is basically even odds for rookie of the year.


Your guy's six to one Harrison is getting drafted The highest I've ever seen a rookie get drafted in fantasy drafts. I was in three in the last three days. Bo Nicks, who's like 25, who was in college for a hundred years, who's got Sean Payton? I wanna watch that for a week now. This last one was the final cut for us for a million dollar picks. And it's a bet you like a lot. It's the Vikings and the Giants. It's, it's a home game for the Giants. They're somehow underdogs. And I heard you say this on East Coast bias. You like the Giants. I'm just telling you on million dollar picks. We don't bet two terrible teams against each other. you can do that on your own time, you can do that on East Coast bias.


But you were pretty compelled by the Giants. So what, what was it? Well, the, the case is basically Sam on the road and you know, there is this undercurrent of thought that Sam darn with Shanahan was able to, you know, 'cause he was the backup in San Francisco was able to address some of the things that was holding him back. But he is dreadful it under every kind of situation and scenario. So really it was just the idea of the, the best aspect of the Giants is their ability to put pressure upfront and Sam Donald under duress, even with all the weapons that he has.


I, I just like the idea of it when it's basically a coin flip game and Giants at home. That was the the reason for it. Giants feel like a halftime bet to me against bad teams where if they have a lead then I kind of trust their defense and their pass rush maybe to bring the lead home. But I can't bet on Danny Dimes and I, to me it's a complete, I don't blame. It's a don't blame. Okay, let's go to the bets. We, we actually do like, so million dollar picks. The format is this. We put a, a sign number, it's fake money. We use the FanDuel line. It's, well as far as the people know it's fake money. Okay. But we, we do, we and, and when I've gotten into trouble and I went back and I looked at some of the years and especially in September, I get in trouble and I'm doing parlays and, and I just, one team will screw up like two, three bets for me.


So we're gonna try to keep 'em more straight up this year. There is a really fun FanDuel wrinkle that we're gonna get to for week one where you can double your winnings. Okay. On any money line bet Let's go. So any money line bet and it could be, they could be favored, they could be underdogs. You just get to double whatever you want on it. We're gonna be exercising that one, use their a hundred percent Moneyline profit boost token, the games that we like. So we'll start with a tease. This is the only tease we have. I thought we'd only do one tease or parlay. You just got through saying that the exotic wasn't the reason that you're got yourself in trouble. We're, And we're kicking off with a team. We're only one, one exotic. The reason I'm kicking it off is it's the Friday night game.


It's this weird Brazil game. Great. But the Packers line, which is two and a half against the Eagles neutral fields, which is weird 'cause I think just about everybody likes to packers more than the Eagles, including me, including you. So they're getting to an half, you can tease that up to eight and a half on a six pointer. And that allows us to then take the Bengals who are minus eight, minus eight and a half. It's somewhere in between those, it's been bouncing around. Take the Bengals under three against the Patriots. A team that for some reason people just won't accept that this patriot statement's gonna be terrible. That they can't block that they have the worst quarterback in the league. I have no idea if their coach can even be a mediocre coach. Must let much less say, wait, wait, wait.


Not great One. Wait, did you need, just say that they have the worst quarterback in the league. You think Jacobi presets the worst quarterback in the NFL? Who's worse than him? I mean, did you watch Bryce Young last year? Would you rather have Bryce Young or Jacoby Brissett? Well You're, you're, you're doing franchise building just right now. Franchise just, I mean this year you'd rather have Jacobi Brit, I, I don't What's the case for Bryce Young? What's the case for Jacobi Brit and the, do you know in the 2000 twenties, his career record is six in 10. This is for the decade. He's 18 and 30 for his career. And I I think he's a nice back. Well do you wanna know? You wanna know Bryce Young's career record? Well, Bryce Young's career record is bad. Alright, well he's fine. He's in the conversation for worst quarterback in the league.


Fine. And then, and then they're front four, which I think actually would've been good with Barer and Juah. Both of those guys are gone. Yeah. And the Bengals Chase is coming back. But that, have you noticed there's been some buzz on the Bengals side? That line of, what's the buzz? That line was down at seven and a half at one point. Oh yes. Now it's back at eight and a half. Right. So Packers plus eight and a half Bengals minus two and a half is the first one I have circled. Talk me outta it. I'm not going to, I think that the Packer's leg is especially compelling. I hate this game. I hate this game being in, in Brazil. The Eagles are losing a home game against somebody that they're going to be competing with for one of the top seeds in the NFC.


Yeah, I think it's bogus. And I don't know why the NFL chose Brazil. Like not great stuff happening there really since the Olympics. But set aside the socio political aspect of it, it's, I didn't, I didn't realize we're on cable news 10 hours away. Like What are we doing? It's, come on. No, don't, don't take a check from anybody. That's what I said. I said in last week's pot, I I just feel like Saudi Arabia is in play or Abu Dhabi. No doubt Gade will take a check from literally anyone. I think you're Right, but handicap wise, you and I are are in agreement. I think the Eagles and the Packers are close and so getting any kind of points on the Packer side is positive to be the big unknowns for both teams are their defenses.


Both teams with new defensive coordinators. Yeah. And especially the secondaries because the, the Eagles Defense, well the Eagles. The Eagles I would say is defense. Yeah. The Eagles. I'm a little more worried about from a past secondary standpoint. It's weird. I could see a bunch of snares in this game and none of them are the packers losing by double digits. The, I could see them blowing out the Eagles and us being like, holy shit the eagles, whoa, where's this going? And I could see really close game. It feels like a one score game to me. So, Well I do like, I do like on the eagle side, all of that offensive weapon read that they bring to the table. I love Quan. You know Saan That's what you're calling him now.


SAS nuts. Yes. Yeah, that's right. Here we go baby Jesus down Dick here. We, we graduated from college in 1990. Whatcha doing? Alright so TS Packers plus eight Nap Bengals minus two and a half. We are gonna bold that one. Next one. Well we're cheating because I know you love this as do I but the Jaguars are Miami. I've already violated one rule is that I didn't want to go overseas with any bets and if we lose that packers, the Packers lose by like 20. I am done with overseas betting on million dollars picks. This will, this is my little tester. Okay, another one I don't love is betting on these games when it's potentially gonna be super hot or humid in Florida or Carolina.


I just, we've seen those games go sideways over and over again. With that said, a Jaguars team that I really like that I think is gonna make the playoffs a Miami's team that I don't really like, that I don't think is gonna make the playoffs. And then you look at Miami, no Chubb, Noah d Beckham, left guards out D backs are banged up. Waddle and Tyreek have had the flag next to him all week, but they're playing and then there's this Jaguar's redemption season eight and three last year and then just all shit broke loose and Lawrence had all these injuries and this just feels to me like a Jaguar. I like the money line too, but the plus three and a half is a gift. I wanna grab the points.


It's a full point inflated and I think that's a function of how the Jaguars ended their season on that one in five tilt. Yeah and you know, just the, the speaking of weaponry, what, what the Dolphins bring to the table. Here's the important thing on the observation you made about these early season Dolphins games and the advantage they have. They're playing another Florida team, right. Jacksonville's been practicing in it, they're ready for it, you know? Right. That that corollary applies to just about every other team in the country but not Jacksonville. So Yeah, it's Jacksonville in Carolina, maybe Miami would be the only teams that are like, oh I'm used to this weather.


Yeah. What about, does your team count Tampa? Tampa would be in there. Tampa, my team is close. Tampa. Yeah. Yeah. But we're, we're even right now about eight or nine degrees behind Miami at the moment. So it's gonna be hot, humid down there. We've come to visit you many times in DC There was one time Jacko and I came and it was still the hottest I've ever been and I've been in Vegas, in Arizona and all these different places and we tried to walk around and go see the Capitol. Yeah. And we were like honestly die. I thought Jack was gonna die. In fact, I think he might've, I think he died and was reincarnated 90% humidity. But Jags, I just like the Jags more than Miami and if you're backing them for the season as a possible 10 win team, this again they have to win in Miami, they lose this one.


It was like, ah, we had some injuries. Alright, wake up call. Here we go. Alright, so we're marking that one down. Next one Cardinals are in Buffalo. This line also seems a little too high. It's, it bounced around, it got down to five and a half, now it's back up to six and a half. There's cheap touchdown potential which I love where they could be down 10, 11, 12. They get like the last three minutes of the game touchdown. I think their offense is gonna be move, moving the ball the whole game. I like getting points, getting more than four points with a team that has a good offense and I'm not sure what to make of this Bills team yet. And you know they, this is probably my biggest regret of the over under pod taking Pittsburgh over Buffalo as my last playoff team.


But I was so scared off by the, by the Bills defense and some of the uncertainty. They have 60 million in dead cap space and you know them relying on rookie receivers and guys who were third receivers last year is like major third down weapons. I like the cards to, to hang around in this game. Where do you stand? Yeah, I'm in the same boat as you. And you know, here we are starting off another season with this Buffalo defense with Matt Milano on the shelf and you sit down just in, if you want to put on some, some blinders and think about the impact of Bolano on that defense, the splits between when he's on the field and off the field, you can get a very good perspective Yeah.


On it. And so there's just a lot of question marks on the Buffalo defensive side plus, well Their whole secondary is different, right? Which brand new secondary Maybe, it won't be that much worse but it's a complete reboot. And from a pass rush standpoint, I dunno, they're probably in the middle of the Pack. You did it pass rush, you just did it pass rush, You did it Well there's some good trend stuff out there too. Kyler Murray getting six points or more 11 and five against the spread. Josh Allen not great as a a favor Josh Allen when, when favored by four points or more. Eight 16 in 1 25 times eight, 16 in one. So we just love the backdoor cover action for, for this, I mean a nice backdoor week one.


That's a great way to start it. I Like the cards, weapons they were popping up and all the fantasy drafts I did. Yeah they had, they must had five guys had actual money spent on them. Tre McBride was probably the number three tight end in any draft I was in. So there's some good Arizona bets here and I wanna talk this out with you.


We could just take the six and a half. We could also get super ambitious. Take the money line plus two 15 and then add that FanDuel thing to it. So it would actually be plus four 30 that's on the table. There's an alt, a couple alt bets we could do. We could pull Arizona up to 11 and half on FanDuel. Go with the over, bring that down to 42 and a half and that's basically even money minus 1 0 3. We could take Arizona to plus eight and a half So. it basically have to be a two score win from Buffalo. Bring the over to 39 and a half and that's even money. So you could say Arizona plus eight and a half, 40 points and up we win. Or just take the six and a half, call it a day.


My preference at this stage of the season, I mean there, there will be, and this is kind of a a, a recent development. A bunch of unders, unders will be the prevailing story here. You know, we, we are now in this era of quarterbacks sitting out the entire preseason, a whole bunch of teams had their quarter. So you'll see across the board right now the, on the, the counter to that is the new kickoff rule and what impact will that have? You know, will it make scoring easier? But See I think it's gonna make the scoring go up, don't you? It feels like the field position's gonna shift up. That's why I like the over It does that. So how, how do you do that? Measure that against kind of some of the other factors about early in the season.


I think Arizona is gonna try and run the ball. I think that's part of their strategy here. So I'm inclined to stay away from the total and just grab, grab the points because they know they can't defend. They have the worst defense in the league personnel wise. Gannon is not a big dummy. I actually was so impressed with Gannon last year. Me Too. I the Eagles fans badmouthed him forever and ever and then he turned out to be a good coach. Alright, so we'll we'll Stay plus Six and a half I half. Okay. Yeah, there's one more bet that I thought was fun. Arizona wins with the over of 49 and a half. So it's basically Arizona wins 27 24 and that's almost five to one on FanDuel plus 4 74.


So I like that one. Had that one marked down. Okay, two more Pittsburgh in Atlanta, Pittsburgh. This has been two and a half, then it got to three, it was stayed at three for a while and now Pittsburgh is plus three and a half in Atlanta. And I think there are five people that like Pittsburgh heading into week one just in general. And I'm definitely one of them. Craig Beck, my re watchable Producer hosted the fantasy football show. Even he's out, he's like our offensive lines and shambles. Anyway, make the case for Pittsburgh and we'll see if we agree on this.


Well it, it's very simple. The best head coach in the NFL over the last 20 years as an underdog is Mike Tomlin. And he's, we're going into a situation where there are question marks yes on the Pittsburgh offensive side of the ball, but there are question marks galore on both sides of, of Atlanta. Under what scenario is the Atlanta offense with the weapons that you see on paper ready for prime time. How will we know that Kirk Cousins is gonna be able to come out and be effective in any way, shape or form? They're going up against the top five defense. Here's the thing about this game that to me just sets it up perfectly.


That when I sit down and, and and put side by side the units and compare the units, we're comparing units here PS the, the, the Pittsburgh defense is absolutely positively, unequivocally so much superior to anything on the Atlanta side of the ball. So you're giving me Tomlin as a dog, you're giving me this Pittsburgh defense that is ready for battle and we're going up against a whole bunch of unknown. I mean Atlanta's gotten the benefit of a lot of Popsicle sucking this off season. The the prohibitive favorite to win the NFC South. Well congratulations. It's time to play football.


The Pittsburgh Steelers are coming to town and Mike Tomlin has heard people bad mouth in the Steelers all summer long. Let's play the football. The funny thing is I told House before like, hey we're gonna do guest alliance. Let's make it seem like it's one of our phone calls. Don't get too excited. Oh Pittsburgh's that nobody believes in us team. That's clear. Nobody believes in Pittsburgh. People have shit on them for the last three weeks To the point that they were one of my favorite picks for them to make the playoffs. One of my favorite zags and even I had real doubt was like, ah, maybe I should take them Buffalo. There's an Arthur Smith revenge factor. Amazing Pittsburgh Offensive coordinator, I'm guessing.


Let's, he knows Atlanta really well. Couple of We mentioned Jalen Warren's hurt, I think we'll we'll be okay. We have Najee Harris, you made the key point about Atlanta. So cousins hasn't played in a year right now you can say the same thing about Rogers, a guy that I really like but cousins actually got hurt what, 5, 6, 7 weeks later in the season then yes then Rogers did. Pitts is is hurt but supposedly playing. Congrats I looked up the Atlanta. Who are your receivers not named Drake, London. It's pretty rough. Like they kind of need a giant Darnell Moony year.


I've watched Darnell Moony. I'm not sure that's happening but you made the key point earlier. I think Pittsburgh's defense is the best in either conference. I think they have the number one defense and I think this is a really tough spot for Atlanta. I think there's gonna be Pittsburgh fans there. I think that Pittsburgh defense, which has no injuries that I could find is gonna be fucking fired up and cousins is a 500 quarterback. That's who he's been his entire career is a 500 quarterback. So I just, I like the spot for the Steelers d get a lead Russ no turnovers. Maybe two deep shots to Pickens Downfield. But other than that, just, just, just steer the car.


That's all, that's all. Just drive the car asking for Exactly, It's a Kamala right now. Just steer the car. Kamala just, you don't have to give a five hour podcast interview. Just steer the car Steelers plus three and a half. I love it. There's some, some alt stuff. You know, you could do pit money line with the, under a 47 and a half, get over two to one. you can do pit up to four, four and a half under 51 and a even odds. But I I I just like the plus three and a half. I like that. That money line and under combo. I think that's a pretty good one. Money line and under 47, I like, I think that's pretty, Yeah, Enticing. Well speaking of quarterbacks coming back from Achilles injuries, the Jets in San Francisco Monday night.


That line has moved all over the place. I think it was at six at one point. It went down to four and a half. It went down to four, it went down to three and a half. Three and a half, yeah. Now it's bumped back up to four and a half because I back Trent Williams playing all of a sudden I'm just in on the Jets. I I especially like it's a Healthy Jets team. I think they can win the game outright. I think it's gonna be a bloodbath and I, there's so many stats against the Niners this season. The Super Bowl hangover. Yes. The fact that they're, they've had this window now that's now been a few years, right? They had unbelievable health luck last year with their best offensive players.


McCaffrey's already, you know, limp it around. We don't know where we're getting from him yet. Their rest schedule stuff is really bad. Their division's gonna be better. And it's one team that I think is like kind of a dark horse, maybe even a miss the playoffs but definitely in a, maybe not win the division and everyone has in Penn in versus a team that I think's gonna win their division and like the Jets. And I wish I didn't because it feels like a sucker bet. Jets plus four and a half, what do you think? So I'm scared of this game now. I had a lot stronger feeling about it and it seemed like Trent Williams wasn't gonna play but, but now you know, I like the Jets very much.


I on East coast bias in our A FC East preview. Couldn't believe that I was advocating for them to win the a FFC East. But I, I believe that to be the, the right position. I just against this San Francisco team that now feels like it might have a little bit of nobody believes in us No division. Well The Division, they like the third best odds in the, in the NFLI don't think they qualify. Okay, alright. That's, I Think it was more of a, we don't have iu but Trent Williams, but now it's like we have everybody. We're fine. Here we go. I just don't like, that's, That's what makes me nervous. We Fucking Guy know who they're, they're very Good.


First round pick got shot right before the season started, like didn't like that. It just, just like the stuff adds up where it's like, ugh. I don't like the, the vibe. I know, I dunno. That's just Mojo's stuff. I, I want to see the Jets. I wanna see that Jets offense. When's the last time we saw like three great jet drives that that's why, right? Lemme see the so that I'm in a stay away mode now, like that number on four and a half like Prime Vegas zone. I just don't want to get in involved. I like the case for the Jets. I like the Jets defense a ton. And I do think, I mean we looked like pretty, I don't know, we're not gonna overdo what we saw on the preseason. I didn't love it but it's, it's the preseason. So I do think Shanahan's gonna have some great scheming for that Jets defense.


I do trust Shanahan much more than I trust Bobby Sala, big Chef Bob, Big chef Bob. But I just wanna, I'm gonna stay away from this one. Okay, well unfortunately you're on a million dollar pick so we're not staying away. I feel like that line should be three choice. Yeah, I feel like that line should be three and it's an extra point and a half and I'm taking it. Okay. And That's Okay. That's where I bet mentally when, when I do better versus where I don't do as well. If I'm just looking at the line and it just seems off like that. I really genuinely think it should be 49 ERs by three. I think they're even teams. No people don't, not chess yet gonna argue. So we'll find out. Okay, last one that we like the Lions three and a half over the Rams and what's beautiful about this FanDuel double your winnings in any money line bet special is, we can bet on this Lions minus 1 98 and double what we win.


So the, the bet is the money line is minus 1 98. if you win, you win a hundred dollars back. We're doubling that. So now we're basically making this an even money bet on the lions. And you know what, as the Colonel James once said, thank you Eddie. Thank you Eddie. Thank you Eddie. Colonel James Lock of the week. Thank you FanDuel. We're doing the Colonel James Lock of the week. Alright, right. Thank you Eddie. Thank you Eddie for helping us out. We're gonna take the lions minus 1 98 that we don't have to deal with the hook. I do wanna follow this year, that hook though, that minus three and a half being afraid of that. All right, here's the pick where we argue about, 'cause there was one more game I liked and you were violently against it and we'll probably not do it, but I love the Chargers minus three over the Raiders and you love the Raiders over the Chargers.


So what's the Raiders' case outta curiosity? Just their defensive line and the pressure that I expect them to be able to bring against a guy that hasn't played any preseason snaps because his foot was banged up and no all, no no noteworthy weapons on, on offense. A bunch of of of of no names. I don't like the idea of Herbert Limited in any way, shape or form with Max Crosby running free and he's going to be running free because running, they have Christian Wilkins now. And that to me is a scary proposition. If the, if I thought the Chargers could try and establish the run could run the ball, then I would say, okay, let, let's try and make the case here.


But these guys are gonna pin their ears back and they're gonna go after Justin Herbert and his beautiful flowing locks. And I'm worried, I'm worried for the Chargers, I'm worried for all the Jim Harbaugh enthusiasm. Th this this week one might be a dose of cold water. I'm so excited that you called him Jim Harbaugh and not John because you've dropped about 10 Johns on East coast like the the Jim John Harbaugh thing. I I'm gonna do it all season. I think I'm bad with my pronunciations. You're way worse than I am. Well I just, I'm just gonna call him Harbaugh and it doesn't matter if we, we could say har if you it's Harbaugh will be right every time. Which One's older? Jim Older. I Feel like Jim's older.


He looks older So just call him old, old, old Jim, old Harbaugh Young John, Old Harbaugh young Harbaugh Or old young. Yeah, I completely disagree. I think the fact that the Raiders beat them 63 to 21 in mid-December last year and got everybody's ass fired and I just think, I think older Jim is walking around the locker room, he probably put the fucking box score up on the chalkboard and was like, Hey remember that? Remember that one. So here's what we're gonna do because we, if we violently disagree, that becomes a stay away. But we're gonna call it the argue pick. We probably need a better name for the argue pick.


you can keep track of these. So our first one is Chargers minus three. This is gonna be a separate bucket. There's no money and we'll see how it goes when we violently disagree with each other. But here's what we do.


Million dollar picks week one, all lines from FanDuel Sportsbook. We're gonna be 200,000 on each 200,000. That's the number. Let's go, Let's see how this goes. We're try to keep it simple for the most part, straight up bets. But we're gonna allow ourselves one exotic and then FanDuel ISS helping us out with the thank you Eddie bet. First one Jaguars plus three and a half in Miami. We're big in the Jaguars, we're not big on Miami. Trevor Lawrence comeback season. Trevor Lawrence comeback season. He's my only fantasy QB in the draft that I've had with my high school and college buddies since 1990. The Jim Grady, Rob Stone crew, Trevor Lawrence, that's it. That's how much I love Trevor Lawrence Jaguars plus three and a half, 200,000 cards plus six and a half against the bills in Buffalo. We like the Cardinal's offense to hang around some cheap touchdown backdoor potential. The back door's always open. Joe House Back door's, always open Cards plus six and a half we're gonna take Pittsburgh. The nobody believes in us. Pittsburgh Steelers and the best unit not only in this game but maybe one of the best units in the league. Pittsburgh's defense, Mike Tom on King of the Underdogs plus three and a half in Atlanta. We don't trust the Atlanta Falcons yet. Plus 200,000 on that. The Jets the only one. Joe. House was a little eh, but I, I think I'll talk you into this by Monday Night Jets plus four and a half against San Francisco. I just don't like San Francisco's off season and all the drama and I think the Jets are focused. This is to me a I like one team way more than the other. Team line should be three. It's four and a half. I'll take the points. Okay, two more. FanDuel gave us the thank you Eddie special and said any money line bet if you win, you double the win on the bet. So we took the Lions minus 1 98 at home against the ranch. We don't have to worry about the points, just go do your thing. You have all your games indoors this year. You should be the number one seed in the conference. This is a team that almost beat you in the playoffs. Do your thing Detroit, right? What do your, this is it. Show us. What do you got? What do you got?


You know, you know Trojan is a sponsor of East Coast bias. Is that true? This is my It's true. Yes. Ah, I mean I think it's very wise that you don't let me do the ad reads. Yeah, but maybe not a sponsor but they, I might have had to send a couple Emails about that. Probably Joe has to the probably good. But look, this is the way I feel about that Detroit Pick. Yeah, We love the Lions. I did that. Lions minus 1 98. You double your win. So if you bet 200,000 on this, which we are and we win, guess what? We're in the positive on the actually win. It works out to like two 3000. Last one, one exotic a tease. Packers teased up to plus eight and a half in Brazil. We'll see how that goes. Team's not allowed to wear green, team's not allowed to tweet.


Lot of smog everyone. Hotel in their hotel rooms all day. Hotel. Yeah, yeah, it'll be fine. We think it's at least a close game. Packers plus eight and a half and we're gonna tease that with the Bengals minus down to minus two and a half against my beloved Newing England Patriots. Am I too down on the pats? I just wanna say for the record, it'll be the funniest thing of week one if the Patriots beat the Bengals and I'm like, back in, I just threw my classic 180. I'm like, I knew it. It'll ruin everybody's survivor pool. Yeah, I mean, and look that that defense, I know they're down far more in Judon, but it was still, you know, you get Forbes back, right?


Like still pretty good defense. It's, it's gonna be a disaster. Cincinnati likes to come out and play with their food. Week one play with Ju Bengals this year Zack Taylor is like, maybe I should take the preseason a little more seriously. Had the people on Pads was having people hit like put played people in a preseason game. Packers plus eight and a Bengals minus two and half both have to cover putting two on that. And those are the million dollar picks for week one. All that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Peter Schrier. Thanks to Joe House, thanks to Kyle Creighton and Steve Saru as always for producing.


Don't forget you can watch all the clips from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. Don't forget, you can watch the trailer from Mr. McMahon, our Netflix documentary coming out September 25th. It is six parts and you can watch that trailer on my Twitter feed, on my Instagram feed on Netflix's stuff. So go check that out. And don't forget about Ringer WNBA, which will be covered on The Ringer NBA show The Ringer WNBA show premiering on Friday. So check that one out as well. I will see you Sunday night with the cause. Reacting to the Sunday night schedule and guessing round two minds.


I cannot wait. Have a great weekend. Football is back. Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino are 18 plus and President DC gambling problem. Call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut.


Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or Text HOPE NY in New York.