
You're listening to The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel. FanDuel has made it easier than ever to see how your bets are doing without even opening the app. Now you can get the latest updates, follow along in real time, directly from your phone's lock screen, yeah. Or Apple Watch, no login required. Just head to your My Bets page to turn it on if you don't already have it. Download the FanDuel Sportsbook app today to get in on the action. The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available, and Listen to the end of this episode. For additional details. You Must be 21 plus of President select states scam problem Call win hundred GAMBLER. Visit RG help.com.


The Prestige TV podcast. We broke down episode seven, the second to last episode of White Lotus, season three me, Mallory, Joanna. You could Check that out on Spotify on video.


This episode is brought to you by vrbo, private Vacation Rentals with vrbo. You always get the whole house so you and your fellow fans can cheer on your team in peace. What's worse than watching a game with somebody who's not rooting for the same team? You're rooting for nothing. But that's why if you book a vacation house with vrbo, you know all the people in your house, they'll be friends, they'll be family. Ideally, they'll be the ones who also root for my teams. Plan a winning vacation. Make it a vrbo.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. If you missed our Prestige TV podcast about White Lotus episode seven, go Check that out. Re watchable. This is coming Monday night. It's gonna be the live show that we did in Boston at House of Blues Me. Ow. Chris Bryan, Sean FA great time was had by all. I had a ball. It was awesome. It was great to finally do one in Boston. So that is coming, and you'll be able to watch that on The Ringer Moves YouTube channel. Or you can watch as a video on Spotify. We have big announcement announce. So once upon a time at Grantland, I used to work with a guy named Zach Lowe. We hired him from Sports Illustrated and he became an awesome, awesome basketball writer and podcast for us over the next few years.


I left Grantland. We have not worked together for 10 years, and now we are going to be working together again because Zach Lowe is coming to The Ringer and he's coming to Spotify and he's going to have his podcast and we are going to launch it next week. Zach is gonna be on my podcast on Tuesday. We're gonna catch up on basketball and a whole bunch of things, but get ready. We have a trailer coming, we have the podcast name. I think he might even, I don't even know if Zach knows this, but there might be a TikTok. So lots of good stuff coming, but obviously Zach's one of the best people I've ever worked with and was really hoping at some point in life we would get to work together again.


So it's happening and it's gonna be in time for the end of the NBA season. We're gonna get his awards, which I always loved reading. And then we'll get him for the playoffs and beyond. So Zach Low, welcome aboard. Couldn't be happier about it. Coming up, I'm gonna talk to Ryan Marillo and Chris Vernon at the very top. 'cause we gotta find out what's happening in Memphis first. Our friends from Pro Jam.


All right, recording just after 6:00 PM Illa is here, as always on Sunday nights, Chris Vernon joining us from Memphis. Memphis was in the news this week. They fired their coach. It was shocking. I guess it wasn't that shocking if you looked at their record last 25 games. But veno, before we, we find out from you what happened. Illa, give us your 32nd reaction to finding out Memphis had fired their coach with three weeks left in the season when they were a top five seat. It made all the off-season stuff make sense when you blast out a guy's entire assistant staff and don't really consult him to bring in the new assistants and then run an offense that I don't think he wanted to run, that they won an, they won too many games for them to do something ultimately that they really wanted to do.


And for them to do this when everybody thinks he's a pretty good coach and considering the injuries for them to do this, this means they've wanted to fire him for over a year. Is my outside take All right now, Venos inside, take Veno. You're, you're in Memphis. You also host the mismatch for us. But you're in Memphis, you're doing the, all the, all the pregame shows. You, you, you have the, you have the, the radio show. This is your city. Were you surprised? Absolutely. Stunned. Stunned. Yeah, Stunned. Okay. Yeah. Oh yes, absolutely stunned. Not that nobody fires their coach with nine games to go like, right. I think we were all of the opinion, I agree with Ryan, right?


Like, okay, this has gone the wrong way. But teams go the wrong way a lot during NBA seasons, we've seen it over and over again where you're just not playing. You're not playing anywhere near your best basketball at the end of the year. And sometimes the coach can beat it. But if you're deciding on a pie chart how much the coach is to blame, but one of the things that is common is that you play it out and then in the off season, something takes place because you're that far down the line. 'cause you how many, how many big changes can happen with nine games left to go? And the answer, I guess is still to be found out because what they're attempting to do is throw on the emergency break here at the end and say, look, you got nine games left.


You don't wanna be, or I guess eight games now after last night against the Lakers. But you don't wanna be in a play in situation. You're probably gonna have to get to at least say 48 wins in order to not be in a play in situation. Yeah. So that means you gotta play 500 and you haven't played 500 in a long time. You haven't beaten a team over 500 since February 2nd. And so it's like, yeah, this is way late in the season, but it's kind of nut cutting time. Like if you're, if you're gonna not be in the play in and if unfortunately for them in the playoffs, you have to play a good team every round.


So if you wanna be able to beat a good team, like then you want to try something different, even if it is this late. But it's the, I think I, I think I fall in line with everybody. It's not that they did it, it's when they did it right. The timing of this, usually you don't get this late in the season before a guy is let go. So last 25 games, there were 11 and 14 15th net rating as you mentioned. And I didn't even realize that they hadn't had a good win in that long until you texted us that. And I went back and looked at the schedule and I was like, oh my, my God. I, I guess Priscilla, the thing that with, when you do something like this, it makes me think that they think they still have a chance to make the Western finals and it wasn't gonna happen with the current situation.


But if they can change the coaching, maybe they have a chance to make the Western finals. And I think I disagree, but on the other hand, like this was the team everyone wanted to play in the West, you know, like if, if you were, if you were in the 6, 7, 8 range, you were like, man, it would be really cool if we could play Memphis. So I think that's why you make the change. But I don't think they have enough talent to be dangerous in the West, do you? No. They're like, I, I don't know if I should say my least favorite team, but I have to get all the way to Dallas before I'm as not as excited about another team. And depending on how the season goes In the West, You mean? Yeah. If you look at the west and you say, you know what, what's the best case scenario?


'cause it's just crazy that it feels like not that long ago. You know, this is a team that was a two seed back to back seasons. And you're like, man, like what, what could this team do? And this makes sense and we're all excited about Ja and they've got all these nice young players. And you're like, okay, well these playoff losses, these are their, you know, we've talked about this a lot the last couple weeks. These are their seasoning seasons and then they have their injury issues. And then when you watch 'em this year, you know, they, they still had a decent enough record. Even 1114 isn't really that bad. But when you look at, as Veno says the record against any of the good teams, if you look at where they stand in the west and the expanded standings, they're 11 and 21 against teams that are 500 or better.


You know, golden State's 500, Minnesota's 14 and 20. So it's still marginally better. The Clippers with their stuff are 14 and 22. You gotta get to Sacramento, who's the 10 seed right now to have something that's resembles how bad Memphis' record is against those teams. So, you know, look, is it Jenkins? No. You know, know j supposedly in that piece from the athletic talked about how he didn't like the offense. I mean the irony of this is that the Finnish guy now that's the new head coach, like this was part of the offense that he brought from Europe. And I know when the NBA thinks, where do we go for head coaching? It's like, let's start in Finland. But I, I think Laroche the other guy who was let go with Jenkins, like he was big on this offense too. Here's what I know, you can run whatever fucking offense you want with this team.


I know exactly what it's gonna look like in the last couple minutes. And I'll be honest, this is like the first season with Ja where I go, I think I'm out. I'm not all the way out right now. I don't wanna make that official statement 'cause he's still young enough. But when he's the face of your franchise and leader, like, look man, I text Veno texted me a single tear emoji on a face after I did an open a couple years ago. It's the whoop that trick game where they beat the Golden State Warriors. They're down three one, they won by 39 points. I think recency Bill had a take that you can't win an NBA championship having that kind of loss in the playoffs recent Teebo was came out big that day. Right? Right. And I know it was fun and it's, it's probably a memory a lot of Memphis fans will have.


'cause that was a lot of fun for everybody that night. J by the way, didn't play in that game. If anybody needs that reminder and look, it's gonna be a little mean. But my initial thought watching that game was these guys are losers, okay? And I wanted them to get their asses handed to 'em in game six. And they did. So wait, so are you the one that called Dylan Brooks and told 'em to shoot it 30 times? Takes a lot, Ryan, in retrospect now I find out who told you who told him to, You know what? Perfect transition. 'cause then in the next year they lose to the Lakers, they, they lose in six, they what? They lose by 40 points in game six and everyone blame Dylan Brooks, right?


Well, Dylan Brooks brought it on himself a lot too. Like that was this, that was the off season of where it was like, get ready to learn China buddy. And it was like, you know, I I'm saying that wrong on purpose, but you know, he was like, I'm gonna be the bully with LeBron. And then he No, he said I poke bears. Right. But I'm, I'm just saying he wanted to be the bully in the series against LeBron. And then he didn't wanna do a media availability, what, twice after like two of the losses. Right? So the, the whole veno Drove him to the airport. He just wanted to make Sure he got on the plane. Hey look, and Brooks has proven he was worth the contract. Yep. So like my, my overall thing with this team Veno is that it went from this like really likable underdog.


We don't give a shit. This is who we are. You know, the Grizzlies identity to you guys haven't done shit in like four years. And I know injuries are part of the story and it's like, I'll watch some of these games. It's like, dude, you guys carry yourselves like you've done something in this league. They Do not, they do not carry themselves like that anymore. Insufferable right now he's insufferable to watch right now. They don't carry themselves. Like, I mean, when is that Look, that's part of the problem is the, that whole edge, that whole fun that all that stuff that basically Oklahoma City has completely stolen from the grizzlies, but you guys all, you know, ejaculate over it. Why? You know why?


Because they're good because Right. They win. Well, the Grizzlies were good, right? Like, and then what happens is you are the good young team. You're the new kid on the block and then you get beat and then everybody loves to, to say that your chest was out too much and you wanna be pushed down a peg. Right? Here's the deal. They have over the course of the last, last year was a completely lost season, right? Absolutely. Yeah. And this season, Moran, I think Moran wanted to have the like revenge season, right? And I think he wanted to come back and prove that everybody, so you were telling Us what was gonna happen. That he's, he were texting me in house. He was telling us that he's Revenge season.


He's that he's way down the list on all of these like best players in the league and all that kind of stuff. And everybody's just forgotten about him, right? He got into trouble then last year he lost the season. So he comes back this year and next thing you know, and I know you say it doesn't matter what kind of offense they run, I don't agree. 'cause I was in unfortunately with my mismatched brethren Jacoby in New York City and I was there watching the Knicks beat the Grizzlies by a thousand. And what happened is, you, you started running an offense that famously you can go find, every article doesn't run ball screens. They run less ball screens than any team in the entire NBA.


So guess what happened this year? What happens is team comes out and they say, all right, we're gonna guard you with Mikel Bridges, who's six foot nine and has a seven 10 wingspan and he's gonna be guarding you the entire time. And guess who you're never gonna get off of you because your team doesn't use ball screens. And so next thing you know, John Morant's standing in the corner playing thumb wars with Mikel Bridges and the whole world is like, what is going on? This guy's one of the best players in the world. So then they tried to save it. Is he this year in, well, I mean in March, hold hold that point in, in, in March he's he's averaged what, 38 and five while shooting 50% from the field in the games that he's played, right?


Like, wow, that's, and they've but you, because they, but if you go back and watch, they've started running all these high ball screens again. They've started get they, they've moved it back because it got to such a breaking point and it's like, hold on now we've got an offense that is good for players six through 10, maybe players four through 10, but is it, but not one through three. But is it the best thing for your best player, right? And, and and obviously, and it hasn't been the best for Desmond Bain either, right? Like, so there's been a push and pull to this and obviously, But burnout, Burnout, when they play against good teams, it's been all year. They haven't been able to beat good teams.


Their their record is based upon them beating up bad teams Enough foreplay. This to me is a whole ja situation and Ja doesn't play enough and Jazz's not reliable enough. And I wrote down, can you actually compete for a title if you can't count on your best guy emotionally or physically? Now think about like Embiid is in that class, right? Right. Kauai and the Clippers, not Kauai before the Clippers, but Kauai during the Clippers, is he gonna be out there? What am I getting? Is he gonna be out there in April? I have no idea. Cwe on the Kings after the oh one playoffs, is he playing? Is he not playing? I don't know. Vince Carter, Alan Iversson, Kyrie before Dallas Zion.


Right? Now, if you don't have that reliability with your best guy, can you even have a chance to win a title? And I, I think the answer is no. He's 25 now. He made, he made all NBA second team three years ago and this year he's missed 30 games already. And it's not even like a Brunson thing where he got hurt and he is out for six weeks. Like he just, he'll miss eight games. He'll miss six games, he'll miss three games when you go to work. Do you even know if Jazz's playing? That's the season he's had. Yeah, no, that, and that has been frustrating across the board, right? Because he had this, he started off well and then he got hurt and he got clipped out of the air by Christian Kaloko. Then he came back, then he was playing in a game in New Orleans and he ran into a Daniel Tyson screen and his shoulder got screwed up again.


And then he is, I mean it's just been one thing after another super Fucking, but is that his gonna be his career, I guess is my question because maybe, maybe I can, he just seems like a nagging injury guy to me. And maybe, maybe it will be. But I will say I, I have always stood tall on this that over the years, there is a reason and you're the guy that wrote the book of basketball. There's a reason these guys, no, no matter how great they are, no matter what level you think they're at, I don't know why it's the number, but they're 27 years old. They are 20. The Yeah, Yeah. Is that what he is gonna learn to shoot? I don't know. Did Jalen Brown learn how to shoot? Because I heard you guys shit on him for eight straight years and then he won finals MVP last year.


So I it can happen. He's, he shot over 31% one time out of the last five years. I mean, you really want to compare him to Jalen Brown. Like you think you're hurting my feelings but you're not. Yeah, that's it. That wasn't the way to go at ssc. I would've, I would've attacked Blake loudly in the town before that. Jalen was 31, 40% in his second year from three. I mean, look, Vern, what I would say is, if you're, What I'm saying is the point is, at 27 guys change it has happened over and over again. But will this change when I watch Memphis, especially in the last four minutes, it's My only hope, bill. I, my only Hope is that it changes. He's just gonna to the basket, right?


And he's probably, if he's not the most electric guy in the league, going to the basket with the game on the line, he is in the top three. And that's what you're doing over and over again. I always say this with, with other guys too in the playoffs series. I kind of feel like I know what Memphis is doing in the last three minutes. And guess what? They're gonna give Jah the ball and he is gonna go to the basket and over the course of four rounds, either I'm stopping it or he is getting hurt. And I think that's the point of the career that he is at. And that's why, you know, but this is A, this is a little recency bias because it's, He's veno, he's played 301 games. Hold on now in six years I got It. 301 total. I was listening to this pod a month ago and you guys were going bonkers over how great Jaron Jackson has become.


I love it. So there is a difference now. There is A difference now. So please Right between, between Jar Jaron Jackson's closed a lot of games for the Grizzlies this year. Jaron Jackson's had a lot of big fourth quarters for the Grizzlies this year. And obviously they've gotta figure out a way. Look, last night they, Ja was not very good, but they all had 20 plus in the game. But they can't give up 135 points. Like you're not winning any games if you give up 135 points. But the trick is, can you get all three of those guys playing great simultaneously? And if you can then you've got a chance to be a really good team.


What do you, what do you mean by really good? Like give us, give us what you think the ceiling version of this group is. Good question. This group, this group, I would say winning a first round series, it would be the ceiling. Oof. I do not think they can get back. That's Good. Wow. That got dark. Well I mean that's what you're, there's only four teams remaining. Do I think they're one of the best four teams in the Western conference? No, we were Doing is are the grizzlies the stealth title contender in the league before the season now? Now I'm gonna do a celebration if they win one round. No, no, no, no. Hold on. Now you're asking me what I think. I know. Think do I, okay well if you win a second round series, you're in the Western conference finals.


True. Okay, So now do I think I Have a question for Silla and then you do. I think They'll be in the West final like, I mean I think if they won a first at this point, if they won a first round series, I'd be happy. Celo is job better in any way from three years ago? No, It's way worse. From what you've seen, it's worse. You think it's worse? I've been A little harsh here, but like every now and then, I have to be honest with the thoughts I have from five months on the couch. And if I look at the job part of it, his third year in, he's seventh in MVP, he's 22 years old. It's the only year he shot it. Well from three, he was 34%. His rookie year, he was 30% his second year, then he was 34%.


And from three since then, 31, granted you could throw away 23, 24, he played nine games. So he was under 30%. But this year, 44 games, he's, he's 29% again from three. And he is never played more than 67 games in a series. That was his rookie year. It's 60, yeah. 3 57. Yeah. Well in a, in a season you're right. And then this year it's, it's 44. My, my issue is this, it's a couple, it's a couple of things and I'll make him quick when he got into trouble, and this is again me only reading everything else everybody else read. So it's not like anybody talked to me about it. So maybe the NBA had more information. I thought it was an excessive punishment. Okay. As dumb as it was with that. He did. I did too. I was saying at the time, I actually think this is pretty excessive and the NBA's like trying to set an example here.


So you have this shoe deal, you have the max contract. I mean he's getting paid major guaranteed money the rest of the way. Like this guy's about to be, he's on the cusp of like being one of the faces of the franchise. And I think everybody felt really good about it 'cause he was so goddamn fun to watch. And when he did the interview with Jalen Rose, I was like Uhoh that scared me man. It scared me. 'cause there was like, oh you actually think everybody else is the stupid one here. And so as I continue to watch which direction it's gone. Four straight years of the advanced stuff going in the wrong direction. And when I've watched him this year and maybe look, you know this team a hundred times better than I do and the frustrations with the offense, but I also felt like his play led to more frustration where it was just this high barreling like let me in the half court them trying to figure out a way to get him free led to him just being like, I'm gonna, I'm just gonna barrel into dudes and then I'm gonna bitch and I'm not gonna get back into defense.


And when you start doing that kind of stuff and you're distracted with the game, even though I know a lot of guys complain, I just found it like unlikable and I'm sitting there thinking if this is the face of your franchise now at 25, I do think you have major problems in a way that I was hopeful for him three years ago. I'm not today. You don't think, think he can grow Grow. You don't think he can grow up? Well there's, I there's two questions, right? Can Kenny, he grow up, IM mature. We've seen guys do it especially as they hit their mid twenties. The other problem is the durability thing. Like I was shocked, I was looking at his basketball reference. I thought there was one season when he played a, he hasn't played more than 2100 minutes in a season ever. Yep. I look at something like that and then you look at like the three point shooting's, not better.


The free throw attempts are going down from where they were a couple years ago. I just, all that stuff worries me. The team's getting worse. This coach just got fired. And it seems like, you know, I don't know if this is, I I was asking around trying to get, trying to get basically gossip about this situation from people. What do you think happened? And the consensus, which may or may not be true, is that the organization and the GM was higher on Jah as the face of a franchise than the coach was. And that became a real issue between the two sides. I don't know if That's true. I I I don't think that's true at all. You don't think that's true? No. Taylor loved Jah loved him. Do you think Taylor felt like he could succeed with Jah long term?


Yes. I think the J was probably the least of the issues. J'S availability is a serious issue, right? So what are the issues, jaw's availability, like what can tell us Availability, j's availability. So what are would be The issue? But that, but that is an issue though. That's part of the J thing that you're building a, a franchise around a guy who you don't know if he's gonna be out there or not. That's a real Thing. I think my, I think my opinion would be that Taylor probably changed this year in some ways because the, the staff got gutted. Right? Right. Who's gonna be happy about that? And And here's the other thing, and this is something that I've been very critical of them about. They have got to have veterans in the locker room.


Mm. So they tried it last year but then the season went the hell. So it didn't matter. And that was Marcus Smart and that was Derek Rose. Great veteran leadership. No, but they did, they did have an impact on Moran. Right. Okay. You hadn't heard one bad thing about Moran in a year and a half. Like he has not been. No, But I'm just saying like if you're going to Marcus smart to solve your locker room problems, you, you've made a mistake. Derek Rose is is a different conversation because I think people love Derek Rose and I think Derek is like awesome and everybody loves that. Dude. The idea is a guy that's been through a lot of games, a guy that been through a lot of seasons, a guy that's played a lot of NBA minutes and playoff minutes. What the Pistons did this year when they got some of their old guys. Yeah. Just yeah, right. Just somebody to turn to.


Right. And then again, it was another double down on youth. That's where it went wrong two years ago with the team that ow ended up hating, right? Yeah. Like the team that they loved had Tus Jones and it had the Anthony Melton and it had Kyle Anderson and before that they had Jay Crowder and they had Solomon Hill and they had these guys, right? Like there's no vet, there's nobody on the team over 30. Oh shit. Is that true? There's Nobody on the team Because the other thing I wrote down KR 29 And so, But they, Bernard, they violated my too many guys theory too. Every, how many guys in that roster are like, I could be playing 35 minutes right Now.


You, you can't have more than like 11 of those. Like I saw Gigi Jackson was got sent to the G League, right? I mean one And also of, I mean he's good. I know, but one of the big problems is they play 11 guys, right? Too many minutes. Right? Well yeah you're in that middle Ground and the yang, they play too many guys, you know, a, they play 11 guys too many minutes in the games. But I would say that you've gotta have veterans in that locker room. And I think that because we can always, like the coach is the guy that's gonna fall on the sword when things go wrong, right? But locker rooms are about those players and I do think that in the absence of a veteran and in the absence of your best player, like it's hard to be the guy and a voice when you're not available.


So Bains kind of walked into that role for the team and I, I think that there, so I think there was a couple things at play here. I think you had, you know, a guy who probably changed up a little bit because he's, it's a new offense and now he's got a frustrated star whatever. And there's really, there's no guy in the locker room to be like, hey this is okay, everything's gonna be fine. Or guy in the locker room, like who's throwing a chair? Who's making sure that this thing gets turned around because Who's shoving Alam under the bench? Yeah. Oh it's Desmond Bain, It's de vain. That did happen. And so they were like melting down amongst themselves. But as you said, I mean they're nine and 14 in their last 23 games.


Five of those wins are against Phoenix and Utah. Utah, yeah. So they haven't beaten anybody. I have a question. Ver and Veno you're not allowed to answer because you're gonna be too positive on it. Alright, If I have J and Bain and Triple J for the next five years, is that enough? Is that, could that be my version of a big three? Or do I need to start thinking where am I gonna be two years from now and do I need to trade Bain or or or Jah. Oh, Oh my God, can I build around those three guys and build an actual title team around those three guys? No you can't.


That's not a title team because here's a problem and it's interesting that you talked about Taylor's relationship with John again, Vernon knows this stuff way better than you or I do. So I'm deferring to you on this. Yes. But like knowing how Zach is and how by the way, he's been awesome. Like if you just go through all the transactions, like he's generally been really good. He's kind of ahead of people on some stuff. There's so many players on this roster that I do like, like I like Aldama this year. I always like Bain, I fell in love with Triple J this year just 'cause I feel like he took it to another level of just all of his offensive stuff. I think the ed thing's pretty much the way I thought it would go. And you know, there's been some nice players here or there, you know, Vince has been hurt and Gigi's been hurt, shot election's an issue with those dudes. But there might be something like if I go through the roster, there's a lot of stuff that I like that the front office has done.


But if they're as analytical about it as people suggest, then how is Jah as a high usage? No defense hurt a lot, can't make threes for four years. How is that even it's, it's like when Darrell was running Houston and he traded for Russell Westbrook and you go, the only reason he did this is because of Harden. 'cause there's no way ever, there's never been a day in Darryl Morey's life where he looked at the Russell Westbrook profile and was like, I want to sign up for some of that. So I think Jah Vernon, maybe I'm wrong, but I I feel like it's a little bit, look, I'm not comparing him to Ello, I'm not comparing him to Trey. 'cause Ja, his best was in the conversation for one of the, you know, most impactful players.


Like kind of, you know, again, that third season what we thought he could do even though Trey's put up the numbers. But I, I would be worried that the decision about Ja would be about what a huge star he is in your hometown and how important that is that alright, maybe if we're not winning the West, at least we have something that everybody's excited about and everybody's buying the jerseys. 'cause I think he falls into that category. Well, I mean, well that, that's not a Memphis thing. Okay. Nobody, nobody is promoted more by Nike than this guy too. Alright. So it's not just like, I mean, I mean that's, that's part of it But I Right, right, right. There's a lot of people that have that stock in it. I am. And again, I am of opinion it's still in there.


I mean I've literally watched it this month. Okay. I watched him be the best player on the floor against the best team in the NBA when Cleveland came to town. He had like 44, 8 and six. I mean he was dominant. He still got that. Did You lose by 20? No, He still got that in him. I mean look, it's every time they play a good team they lose. But, Well, here's the thing. This is to me, this is the crux of the Issue. Come on. They only lost by, they only lost by nine, but they got in it, they got it back in it in the fourth quarter. They were down 25. So yeah, they were down big. I watched that. He Was awesome though. He was awesome. And then they just gave up layups on the other end.


This is the NBA that I, you know, in, in the nineties. This was the NBA that was kind of so fascinating and so depressing. At the same time, we had all these awesome players and teams just giving up on them or wondering if they should give up on them or I don't wanna trade this guy because they might blossom and they, they went everywhere from Kenny Anderson, ner Derek Coleman. But then there would be the sea-web trade where Washington's like, ah, I don't know, we know the talent's in there, but fine wait, we just gotta bring a vet, let's get Mitch Richman. Then Sea-Web goes to the kings and he is awesome. And I think that's the fear when you have one of these guys, you're not winning with them. I mean they're winning, but they're not gonna actually like win the title with Ja right now.


Well, I mean, but you don't trade him either because you don't wanna trade him and then two years from Now you look like a complete shithead. 'cause he's in the Western finals averaging 32 a game. Well look, You kind of stuck. I know I'm in a bad spot 'cause they just fired their coach nowadays, but like they're still right in the playoff mix. And as Ryan said, like last season was a thrown away season. Okay. Yeah. Like the whole team got injured. They played more players than ever. And, and what happened to Ja No hold on the two seasons before that they were the two seed, both seasons. Okay. This season, yeah, it's Kind of crazy 'cause it's really only one bad year and four. So this, this season, this season before this nine and 14 stretch, they were the two seed.


They were on the track to being the two seed in a bitch of a western conference. Three out of the last four years if before this thing went to hell. So I mean, I could just pause on the whole like, eh, where's this thing going and where are we going from here? I mean, they were about to be the two seed again for three out of four seasons. That's pretty damn good. Can you, and that's, and that's a pretty good reflection on your best player. Can you walk us through how much he means to Memphis? Because that's the part Weil and I aren't gonna get. Like what, like how popular is Z on a scale of one to 10? What does he mean? Big picture? I mean, I would say yeah, I, he's for sure the biggest athlete we've ever had here.


It's not even close ever. Yeah, It's not even close. It's not even close. I mean Penny in college, but I mean that was a local thing, right? But I mean, jaw is a worldwide thing. And I would say, I mean like, let's just say, I would tell you this, there's probably, if I went, if I dropped my kid off at school tomorrow, I would say, I'd say 60% of that class boys and girls have had a pair of jaws. I'd say at least Jesus, at least 60% at least. And I would say most and most have the jersey most None of this surprises me. He's that much fun.


I mean, when he is right, it's, it's one of the most fun things in the NBA. But I, I can only share like personally, like how I felt watching and I, over the course of this season, I went from hopeful to, I kind of couldn't stand it anymore. And I, and I, I totally get that because look, he is frustrated. Me too. I'll say this. What was crazy is when I say people change, I was at the game last night watching Memphis play against the Lakers and last year I did this whole bit about how I can't take this Luca thing anymore. I don't care that they're winning. He's perpetually aggrieved. Do you remember I texted you this Ryan? Yeah, no, when I was talking about Jah earlier this year, like everything is, I'm just pissy about everything.


Like, and I see it in your body language. I saw Lucas's teeth more last night playing for the Lakers than I've seen in all those. I mean, he's like happy. He's like, he was jovial with the refs last night, like, you know, playing butt Or whatever. That's not every night. Caught him on a good night. Maybe I just caught him on a good night. I mean He did because he's, he's been back to pretty much normal. Yeah. Now he's all over the place. Once he got back in his shape, he was more, that was the funniest thing about him when he came back with the Lakers, he was just so exhausted. He didn't have time to complain about anything. Yeah, I went into the Chicago game a week ago. He was fighting with literally every ref he was, he was arguing with the players and the other team he Does.


So you understand, and the listeners understand this isn't about me talking about like off the court stuff. I don't, I mean, I'm sorry, but I, I think there's a lot of guys that are probably more immature that we never hear anything about. And they're some of our favorite basketball players. So I'm not even really putting this into it. What I'm saying is, I think there's, again, because of who he was in that third season, I understand how he sees himself, right? He should, I'd rather have a guy who's confident out there than second guessing himself. But the more I've watched this year, when I think about like, hey, it's another year where he can't hit any shots. It's another year when it's the wrong night. He's just flailing into the paint hoping somebody fixes it for him.


And there's just a lot of possessions that I don't love. I go, all right, well if this team's in the playoffs, like I'll tell you right now, I don't care which year you picked them to be the two seed. I, I bet you if if you went through it, like I think all seven other teams one through eight would want to play Memphis in the first round this year. At least this year's team, I don't know that anybody's ever been scared of them. Maybe you take offense to that in 22. You might be right because that was a pretty good team. But it's just going in the, for this young group that is right now supposed to be scaring some teams. It is going in a direction I did not think it was going to go to when 22 finished out.


Here's the only thing I'll say, and maybe we will see the rest of the way. Look, this is gonna be a very telling week. They play Boston on Monday night, they play Golden State on Tuesday night. There's no, there's nowhere to run, right? You're having to play two of those teams that you would have to see. These are playoff caliber teams. These are two of the best teams. Certainly the best teams in the last like month and a half of the season. Okay? So you're gonna see that. I will also say that they've played what, 73 games so far. And this is a demerit on Marant and, but this season they have had, so whenever you're making your predictions on what you think's gonna happen, they have had John Morant, Desmond Bain and Jar Jackson Jr.


In the lineup together. 31 of those 73 games. 31, okay. That is a very, very low number. So there is a small sample size of what their true ceiling could be. And by the way, with those three guys on the court, they have been fantastic as they have three of the last four years when they've been on the court. And I look, they're, they got rid of the coach. So I mean, who knows what's gonna happen going forward and who knows what's gonna happen with Marant and who knows if those three guys are gonna be able to get to the playoffs healthy. But who's Guarding? Yoic I will say, I mean, I think the same guy that guards him for every team.


Every, yeah, every everybody has that. I mean, who has a good option? You got a good one. Minnesota. That's about It. Well, I I I think we all like Jar. We like No, they They, they ended up guarding with towns and he's in New York. No, they, they throw that Nas, Reed Gobert, they throw all those dudes in him. Wait, could I read you this FanDuel bet I just don't have Jar to foul out in the first half. Yeah's, That's The problem. That's my issue. You and me too. Zini, You don Zini. That's What fan for FanDuel has a team to advance Bet. Oh Great. We can go through and be like, hey will this team make round two? They have odds for shit like that. Memphis to make round two. Yes. Is plus two 10 Damn no Is minus two 70.


Oh. And then if you wanna bet Memphis, hey they're gonna turn this around West finals Memphis to make the West finals. What do you think? You think the odds are illa a billion. It's good. Decide to make the West finals. No, It's gonna be, they don't want to go cra I'll say it's plus eight 50. See IL's getting good at this 10 to one. Oh wow. Yeah, 10 to one. So you're Saying there's a chance. No, come on. But It's interesting because like the clippers are plus one 50 to make round two. Oh and then the clips round Two. I know Venos face, I was with you. I'm like plus one 50 to make the Western conference Finals. No, but then they're plus five 20 to make the west finals the clippers.


They, I think the odd they're are low. Memphis is like the kind of the the the one to jump on if you're looking at odds, Look, nah, I don't even wanna say it because it'd be fame, it'd be fa it'd be famous last word. Look the one that it Do it. Yeah, just close, blur it out, close strong, blurt it out so we could cut it. And then when have you ever two months later just send it back to you and try to make you feel bad about it. Go ahead, say it. Houston Was the only one that we have looked at and been like, okay, maybe when, even when things have been going terribly just because they have no playoff scars, it's gonna be their first run through. And we have played absolute wars with them this year. They're clearly been much, much better than Memphis over the course of the last month.


But if there was a team that like, and Minnesota too, they've played well against Minnesota, but like those older like vet teams, the Warriors, the Clippers, the Lakers, obviously Oklahoma City's beat the shit outta 'em every time they played like yeah. Like that's part of this and part of the reason that we didn't, nobody in Memphis was like, oh my God, we just fired the coach because we've been sitting there for two weeks going, there's nobody we wanna play in the playoffs. Right? Like, like we're not beating the Lakers, we're not beating the Warriors. We're not beating the like the only teams you would have a crack against are teams that have young stars as well, minus Oklahoma City who you have no chance against.


Right. Veno, we have to take a break. Do you wanna stay with us and talk basketball for 20 more minutes or do you have to go to bed? I don't have to go go to bed. I'll stick around if you want Me to. You got like seven kids. All right, we're gonna take a break.


This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA. We are getting close to the NBA playoffs, which means we are getting close to the NBA finals, one of my favorite sporting events. Not just because it's really fun basketball at the highest possible level, but all the historical legacy stuff, it's my favorite. You've heard me talk about on the podcast many times. Speaking of finals, MICHELOB ULTRA has given you the chance to win tickets to the NBA finals, which I hope Boston is a part of. Not only do they make a superior beer, they're also helping fans like you get closer to the game. MICHELOB ULTRA superiors worth playing for. Check out MICHELOB ULTRA dot com slash NBA finals to enter for a chance to win tickets. MICHELOB ULTRA Courtside NBA final sweepstakes no purchase necessary open to US residents excluding Maryland residents 21 and up ends on May 5th, 2025. See official rules at MICHELOB ULTRA dot com slash rules for price and detail. Message and data rates may apply void where prohibited.


So one thing I love about here, veno talk about basketball, is he's actually in the arena or near the arena around these teams going to these games and picking up shit. So what have you picked up the last like six, seven weeks, especially when these teams are passing through? Like recently you had the Lakers in this weekend. What, what were the, what were the things you noticed that you would've noticed just from a television? The Laker thing, the vibe was like great, usually when you're around like the like, and I'm talking about like the traveling party, everybody's kind of like bouncing around like, you know what I mean? Like it's like, and then you watch Luca go out there and you're like, this is, this is stupid.


Like you see that last night was the first time I've saw saw seen it in person. You guys have been in person in la but I mean the first time you see it, like right in front of your eyes, it's different when it's on tv you see it in front of your face, you're like, good grief. I mean I really felt like LeBron last night. It was one of those where it's like, I think what we're gonna see with LeBron, he is gonna expend the minimum amount of energy until he has to. And this enables him to do that. He had to try a lot when it was just him and Anthony Davis. Like there's all kinds of time that he doesn't even have to do anything with that team. So I, but I also think they, I think They're gonna regret calling off the Mark Williams thing.


Not that he's like frigging Bill Russell, but my God, they have nothing at the rim. Nothing. I think Memphis had damn near 70 points in the paint last night. I mean there's just, once you drive past them, you know, and Reeves you can drive past and you know, LeBron you, you know, is not the defensive stalwart that he once was. Maybe that'll change to the playoffs. Luca obviously, you know, you just throw these guys at a bunch of different actions and then you can get to the basket and there's nobody really there to dissuade you. They've got, you know, they'll play Jackson Hayes, they'll play Van do, they'll play whoever. So somebody that could get to the basket a lot, gonna give them problems. But man, I mean, Reeves was the best player on the floor last night by a wide margin when I saw him.


So that was, that was super interesting for me to have caught a game where Reeves was that just dynamic offensively because you wondered how does he fit in with the other two? He was the best of the three in the, Do you see the quotes from JJ after that game where he's, he met with them before the game and was trying to figure out how the three of them could be more aggressive working off each other? Yeah, Illa would be crazy if I put Reeves first team all NBA that's too high, right? Second team, maybe Max fan. Well let the season closes. Alright, nine games left. I don't know, there, there's Brunson's not gonna hit 65 games. There's a spot now in 13 mile B and it's, it's basically for sale now on eBay.


I don't know who's grabbing it. Yeah, I I think you would be unsurprised when you asked me about the teams that I've seen in person, like the good teams are the ones that for sure stand out and there's honestly, there's not that many of them. So when you see Cleveland, it stands out. When you see Oklahoma City stands out, maybe we'll see when I see Boston tomorrow night, it'll stand out. But like generally you find, like throughout the league, there's a lot of teams that don't know what to think about their team outside of the extremely good ones, right? Yeah. You're even, you even see the Knicks and they're like, I don't know, we never beat anybody either. And you know, like, and that's, that's the three seed, right?


So I mean there's really just Cleveland, Oklahoma City In Boston, Cleveland, Cleveland, Oklahoma City, Boston. I would say that's about the list of teams that like, they have like a, as they say, aura about them and like they, they're completely confident in what's going on with their season and what they are and what their capabilities are. And I think everybody else has no idea how it's gonna go from the rest of the way. That's what I, that's what I guess some teams are more down than others about their chances obviously, but I don't think anybody has some kind of, I think it's gonna be very matchup and health dependent.


I think most people feel that way. Do you agree with that Priscilla? Yeah, I think, you know, depending on the week, like you look at the Houston run and you go, okay, you know, we're back to being excited about Houston, but if you go through it, what's the best win in those 11 of those 12 games? I mean, there's an argument at Chicago, which no one would be looking at as being like, Hey, we beat Chicago, but Chicago's played better as of late. And I still like, there's things about Houston that I really like. This double big thing that they were trying in the beginning with Stephen Adams. I, I was just like, I didn't really understand it. You know, he's a big that you can completely ignore offensively and if he's catching it outside of the paint that it just means the paint and the driving lanes are packed because nobody's paying any attention to 'em.


They don't want him to shoot. And now when you look at his net rating over the course of these 12 games, it's one of the best. So I think there are coaches that do a really good job in season developing options. Clearly Oklahoma City's tried to experiment and they still kill everybody, which is like the Scariest part of they're doing mean it's what the Celtics lately too. The Celtics are beating everybody don't out and they're resting two, they're they're leaving, they're resting two guys a game and it doesn't seem to matter. They're 14 and one in the last 15. Well, Well that's a weird thing, right? It Doesn't even seem like they're trying And and you've got, well, like in the east, there's, there's Cleveland, New York, Boston and Indiana now, especially with the Dame thing, right? And I think we'd be surprised, but if I just pushed it to you guys and said, okay, let's set Oklahoma City aside.


Yeah. Like you asked the whole like make the second round, who has the second best odds to make the second round? That thing that you pulled up Denver, Like if you it Be Denver Or la I Think it's switched. No, it's, I think it's the Lakers. The No, the Lakers. No, no. All right, hold on, lemme get back. If You were gonna bank on somebody, if I just said you've gotta put it down, they're gonna be in the second round in the west that's not named Oklahoma City. So Denver has the best odds minus 180 4. Oh wow. To make round two Lakers are minus one 60 and KC is minus 13. I mean if Denver draws Golden State or the Clippers, that is no picnic.


I wanna talk about this because I was doing, I was doing all the matchups today after some of, and Minnesota just won, but it looks like it's OKC against Minnesota or the Clippers. Is everyone, What's, what's that injury report post that game against Detroit? Well, well Minnesota won. Yeah. We dunno about suspensions Lakers, Memphis right now, but it does seem like with the next two Memphis games maybe they drop down, but the other two are Denver, golden State and Houston Clippers. And I was looking at the, the conference finals odds. The Fandel does not believe in Houston. Houston was plus seven 90 to make the West finals. And right now, if you look at it, they're definitely the two seed they're gonna have home court in the first two rounds and they're, plus they're almost eight to one odds to win two rounds when they have home court, which speaks to Venos point.


Nobody trust Houston. Well I've lived in this life. Yeah. The two, the two seed life as you guys know. Yeah. One year you drew the, one year you drew the Warriors if you're Memphis. Yeah. And then one year you drew the Lakers like you're gonna have to face one, some kind of veteran, you know, hardened team. That's Well right now, I mean that group, that group for the two seed is Golden State, Minnesota and the Clippers, nobody's gonna pick Houston against them except people from Houston. Yeah, I think, I think Houston would be underdogs against all three teams. If, if Kawhi is playing, if Ka iss healthy, healthy, I'll wait to see if Kawhi is playing. There's an argument if Kawaii is healthy, that they should be, they should have the second shortest odds of any team in the West and make the Western NCE finals.


Yeah, I think, I think it's totally fair. That game against Cleveland he had last week. I mean that was cra I mean he, well they Must Be, they Must be Cleveland today without Kauai. But I was like, is this what it's gonna be like? Because he looked like Fri San Antonio Kauai. He was unbelievable. He looked awesome. I, I saw him in person on Sunday night against KC and it just seems like he has his bounce. I don't know how long it's gonna last, but he had the same bounce that he had like five, six years ago and he is so big. Yeah, it was Now they didn't have Jalen Williams in that game, but OKC other than Jalen Williams doesn't even have somebody even dot, I mean Dotz who I think has a chance to be defensive supporter of the air, as crazy as that sounds, Stuart, it's like six two.


Yep. You know, and he's guarding Kauai. Kauai's got a legitimate six inches on a second. They're 14 and six in their last 20 George's. Not six two by the way. Oh I think he's six two. How tall do you think he is? No, no. He's like, no, he's a big wing. He's listed at six four. So six two short. Dude, I'm telling you, I was watching him in the game and I was sitting next to Mike Tono, I shared the seats with, and we were trying to figure out how tall he was as he stood next to other players. He, and we were like, that dude looks six two, he But Jack guys, Jack guys always look shorter. He was shorter. He was shorter than SGAI love it.


I love it. BA's like six, seven. I've been saying it my whole life too, Brian. Well here's the thing with Houston though, seven and two against the Cavs salts and Clippers, OKC seems to be the only team that has their number. But I, the Jalen ground as he, Jalen Green, has, he sucked you in post Allstar break Priscilla 22, 6 and five. They're talking about how the assist numbers are up, he's creating for other guys. Are, are you, are you buying in yet or no, You're gonna need him to close some playoff games. So you know, this is your guy and you're gonna have to let him make his mistakes. And then also the nights where no one can stay in front of him and you just hope that there's enough spacing around it. And that's where EM'S gonna have the sh goon situation.


He's probably not gonna wanna close double big and clog up some of that stuff. Right. 'cause that's all anybody's gonna run. They're gonna run some pick and roll for green. And you know, last year you're right. I mean to remind everybody when Chin Goon was out and hurt, that's when I felt like the light bulb went off for Jalen Green. 'cause it wasn't just the scoring, the efficiency, it was the play making. It was understanding the help and all that stuff. And now this year, you know, it's been kind of up and down. It's been better lately. I think the key for them is that even with Van Leat and the numbers where, you know, they had some, there's some numbers out there that are stranger with Clutch. I, I haven't looked at it in a couple weeks, but Oklahoma City had one of the worst clutch defensive numbers in the league. And, and then you go, okay, what does that mean? Do they get tight defensively? Like they, they, they're just not good enough.


They're not old enough to play good defense. It probably just means that that's what the numbers are and it doesn't mean anything. And the same could be said for Houston's offense where when you looked at their clutch closing numbers, you just went, oh well this actually, this is what it looks like. Except they had a really good record. Like when you watch them in some of those moments against a good team, you're like, what is it here that I like? Is it a Van Leat Hail Mary, The Van Blet step back with two seconds left for the shot clock. Yeah. Or you know, do I want Jalen Green going, I'm gonna take off And I have no idea what's gonna happen on the way there. But look, with Van Vliet, they're 38 and 17 and so part of it, believe it or not thinking 'cause of his stature, he is gonna get targeted. The deflections and all the stuff that he's always done going back to Toronto, he's just better, he impacts them in those moments.


'cause he is just somebody who's a lot more trusted, who's played a lot longer. So I, I'd love watching Houston, it's just gonna be hard for me to pick them against one of those veteran teams because Golden State feels like a new version of it. Right. With Kauai's new version of it. Although as soon as you wanna throw at me Harden being like, wait, Illa, you are picking Harden to, to make sure like that's this team gets to the west. Well it would be zoo, it'd be Norman Powell who is terrific again today. And again it's, it's healthy Kauai with all that stuff. And then on top of that, Minnesota like Minnesota just feels better now even, even with those Pacers losses that were kind of crazy because Obi Toppin Yeah. Didn't miss any shots against him for a little while. Yeah.


Well wait, hold, hold Minnesota for a second. Okay. One other thing happened with Houston. Your guy Easton has started to come on for them. I don't, I, to me I think there's a couple teams veno that I just can't figure out what the ceiling basement situation is and now and it sounds like a cop out to be like, yeah I don't know. But Minnesota's like that for me and Houston's like that for me, I could actually see with the, the amount of athletes and the defense that Houston has, I could actually see them just destroying somebody in round one and we're like, oh my God the rockets are here. And I could also see them shooting 22% from three during the entire series of getting blown out. Same thing for Minnesota where you see 'em on the right night and you're like, shit, they're fucking loaded and they look like they like playing with each other and then you catch 'em another night, it's not there.


Yeah. Here's a, those are my two teams where I just, I, I don't fair dunno what to think. Totally fair. And what I would say is one of the things, and this is part of well why the young teams have to get their playoffs scars is because when you get to the playoffs you're gonna be, these teams are gonna be able to game plan against one team and now they're directing those shots to who they want those shots to go to. Right? Right. So you inevitably have to have guys step up. Last year the reason we've got Dallas and the Western conference finals is because Oklahoma City says, you know what if we lose to freaking Derrick Jones Jr. And if we lose to PJ Washington, so be it luck and luck. And then they did luck and then they did.


Right. That's the trick. It's like bro, are you gonna count on Julius Randall because Anthony Edwards doesn't get to have 45. Right? We're selling out against Anthony Edwards. Yeah. We're selling out against Right. Jaylee Green or whoever or Shen, whoever the case may be in Houston. And that's the part of going through those reps last year. Oklahoma City will go through it again and maybe they will be much better served for last year. But you remember it's, you're gonna get to a point where a team just says, you know what man, if Kason Wallace and Lou Dort and Jalen Wood, those guys do it. But lemme tell you who's not gonna have 45 in this game?


Shake Gil Alexander. Right? That's what the Celtics did. Celtics did in Boston and we're sell and Wallace was the one that got him. That's right. And know it's been Aaron Wiggins in some cases. Yeah. Right. They've got a bunch of different guys, but the lights get a little bit brighter and now it's a little bit harder for, for those guys. And I think there's, once you get to, you guys should do this one week. Like and that is why I like what Ryan said about the Clippers when he brought up the hardened thing. 'cause he said Bro, 'cause you might, 'cause Norm Powell may get you, zbox may get you like the level of importance that Harden has is not the same as it is. Right. And all those other hardened teams because they've got other guys that could do it.


But like how many of these teams, even if you wanna start with Oklahoma City, like the second guy, the second guy, how much do you trust whoever the second best player on that team is? Well so it's, that's, That's gonna matter a great deal. Right? Well so you have the second guy and then you have the knock yourself out guy and Celo, we haven't talked about this. Somebody is having a hey if he's gonna make it, knock yourself out. Somebody is Now if we did the all NBA team for that, Kyle Kuzma has my first team vote right now because teams are playing Milwaukee and they're just like That's right. Yo cos go ahead, feel free you no take it.


Please. Here's, here's what I'd say though guys. I'd say that those, the argument I make there, it's the best argument for the, for the Lakers or the Warriors. Right? It's the Best argument because There's Reeves is in the corner. Oh shit. Oh God. Oh I forgot to guard Luca for a second. Yeah, because you're going down the list and you're going, okay, well so their second best guy is Jalen Williams and their second best guy is Jamal Murray. And their second best guy is Alfred and she goon or Jalen Green, whichever we wanna choose. And their second best guy is Jared Jackson Jr. Their second best guy is Luca or LeBron. Right. Their second best guy is Butler. Right. Like, I mean it's, it's a real thing that happens every year in the playoffs.


The the Minnesota part, which makes me like they're 11 and three in their last 14. If you go through the March numbers, even Enzo's, it's a real thing now he's hitting threes. This is the best I've probably felt about Jayden McDaniels offensively because it's not just a shooting, which has been great in March, but there's a lot of times with him I was like, I have no idea if you get zero or 18. Totally. Like the odds would be even on both of them. And a lot of series too if like, you wanna do this 'cause I, I know we're probably gonna do this with a pacer so I don't know if we're doing it now, but if you looking at series and being like how often will this team have the best player? And there's some series and there's some matchups where it feels like Minnesota's gonna have the best player. And that Denver game it was before taping, I was super fired up.


I was gonna open my show with it. 'cause I felt like, all right, let's see what Minnesota has there. And there's certainly fluky results. You're like what happened there? That game felt like this is gonna matter tonight. And for Minnesota to beat them by 20 in the way that they did, it has me where we've all just assumed like, hey, it's the three teams with KC, Cleveland, Boston and then Denver has to get the benefit of the doubt 'cause they have the best player with Yoic, which is where I've been for most of the season. I'm really worried about Christian Brown fighting against SGA and fighting against Ant and being the primary guy. Like maybe they'll throw Peyton Watson at them is is some size thing. But like Peyton Watson's best defensive stuff to me is like at the rim helping.


I don't really like, look, if he was that great on the ball then they wouldn't be playing Christian Brown so many minutes against these dudes as the primary defender and you know nothing against him but like he's fighting for his life against these dudes. And that's Denver's, that's the thing that I've seen from him in some of these more high profile matchups. So sure there's some weird results we have every night throughout an NBA season. But that game in particular felt like something in a bit of a reminder. And now the fact that they have all of this outside shooting working for him, Minnesota is, and it's not that they were bad, it was that we went into this year thinking can this wi team win a title? And it hadn't looked like they had any chance for months and months.


And I'm not necessarily putting 'em in that group, but it's now the best that I've felt about them, you know, of Teams. Well trust. Do you trust Randall? No. No, but I think, I think Finch will look at it. No, but I, there's, there's certain coaches like we were talking about EY there a bit. You know what he's gonna do? He's gonna look at how the last five minutes are going in a playoff game and he's not gonna give a shit about anybody's feelings. And if it's a men Thompson out there instead of Jalen Green 'cause he likes it, then fine. If it means benching, Shing goon fine he'll do it. And I think Finch will do some stuff here too. Whether it's a weird Go bear night or a Randall Night where it's not working out where they can, you know, it feels like, or Dando is one for 10. Yeah. Oh no, hey. Yeah you're right.


He's got big balls. Finch does. 'cause you remember early in the year that game where they had the torrid comeback against Oklahoma City sat in, they had the be the best win of the year and he, he just didn't put 'em back in. And I was like, bro, this takes, this takes guts, this takes guts, you Know, on Minnesota there's some good advanced metrics for them too. Like they're last 25 games, there's six net last 15, their fourth net. All the three point shooting has been really good for them. Edwards has been better the last two months. They Got a really good coach too. They got a good coach. Yeah. I'm trying not to get sucked in with them. But you conversely the nuggets who I think Celo I think we, we haven't really talked about it, but I think we have equal concern with our guide joker.


I just feel like their best, when they play the really good teams, it just doesn't seem like they have enough. Like they're oh and seven against Boston, Cleveland and Minnesota and their last 50, their 20th net and their negative net. And it just feels like there's certain nights where if Yoic isn't awesome, they're gonna almost get blown out. You know, I'm, I'm really worried about them in the playoffs. 'cause I, I don't want that's a team. Like if you were gonna say what team is gonna get swept in round one and you'd be, it would be everybody would be shocked. That would be one of my candidates. And by the way, I would also wouldn't be surprised if they mid the Western finals. That's why the West is so fucking hard to figure out. Yeah, IIII am much more concerned about young teams being bad at the end of the year than I am vet teams.


Yeah, that's fair. I think we get to this time and vet teams are like, dude, we don't care who we play against. We gotta beat somebody to good to get there. And so the idea that they're not locked in, you know, for 82 games much, But does anyone have more knock yourself out guys than Denver though? I mean Denver has ha half of their start, half of their TED bed rotation is Go ahead. Hey the Lakers, the Lakers that night where they beat them, where they just packed the paint and they were like, let's have guys keep one foot in the paint it when it was like weak side going, if there's two over there, we don't care. And even if Aaron Gordon's shooting 40%, we don't care.


We're ignoring him. We're ignoring Ro Westbrook, we're ignoring Watson. We're ignoring certainly Brown. Even though like, you know, there's some nice numbers there from Brown who I, I think a lot of it can be influenced by Yoic. And so if you're running that two man thing and you don't really care, like I'll never forget watching that Golden State series against Houston in 18 and you're like, wait, Houston like could they win this? And I loved it. They were so aggressive in that they just said we're guarding three people and we do not give a shit about the other two. We're guarding three three with five. And that's the best part about the playoffs. And honestly to your point Bill, like when you watch Houston or you watch Minnesota, all these different things, I wouldn't trust anybody that tells me they know what's gonna happen and they know definitively like this is what Houston can do or what they're not what they could do, but what they're going to do.


Because there have been, we thought we knew it of course we're surprised by sports all the time. But we thought like it was a pre, it felt pretty clear going into this season of like this is kind of how deep the west is and instead it's just OKC with these coin toss teams depending on the week. Yeah. You know, I will say this, if you verno, please tell your new coach, the Finnish guy, what's his name? What's Finnish guy's name? TMA Isola. I love the fins. Frank. ALA's brother Toma Isola they No, no, no, no. They call him Coach Tai. Coach Tai. There you go. Listen, if you play the Lakers, and this to me is a, this is coaching malpractice.


If anyone doesn't do this in the playoffs, you gotta pressure those fucking guys. 94 feet, Luca and LeBron being the ball up. Neither of them want anybody to bug them until they get to mid court. Luca gets actually actually mad like guy, he almost punched Josh Gideon, the game I went to last week. LeBron will just pass it immediately and you just gotta like, you gotta wear those guys down. It's almost like a football game where you're just like running up the middle trying to make the defensive line tired. Good luck. By the way though, good luck getting a starter, like a starting five NBA guy be like, hey you're picking up 94 tonight. Well, but I think you're gonna have to like if KC plays down in The playoffs, sure but in a regular season it Right in the playoffs though, if I'm like, like if they play Memphis or Houston or whoever, that's, those are the perfect teams to play.


Hey Tar Easton 94 feet with these guys. When you're in the game, you gotta do it because I do think you can wear them down. Those guys have a big responsibility and they can't guard anybody. Well and it was crazy because Memphis of course had fired their coach. It's all the thing. So you got this weird feeling walking into the arena, now you're facing LeBron and you're facing Luca and you're facing the Lakers and of course all these Laker fans have got their jerseys on. They showed up to the game, then you start the game and you got whatever game plan you had to deal with those guys. And Gabe Vincent turned into like Clay Thompson, right. And made every, and it's like, okay, like seriously, like this is the, this is the plight. Like yeah, they Do have some bomb card Guys.


Somebody's gotta take o the open shots. Like they, you know Rui URA is always the guy obviously like, and that's the thing, look how much man and they got this Play small against you guys too. That's the other thing. Sure. Like they love being like, seriously we play in Jackson 15 minutes tonight, we can go with Rui. Like I think that's the preference. And that will be when we see these matchups once the season's over, you know, we get to the playing stuff, that's gonna be a huge part of like the Lakers path for me to be like, how long can they go small? Right, Right. And who's gonna push, They'll, I think they'll go small against Denver too. I think it's gonna be on Rui just to be like, look we, we know you're, nobody's stopping him, but you're just gonna stay in front of him and he is gonna get his numbers. But at least he's, look, I don't wanna say contained, but I thought Rui fought really hard in that game against them when they were matched up.


So credits are Rucha. I like how played this year. Yeah. Credit to Rui hot Veno. We're gonna let you go sorry to everybody in Memphis say hi to my favorite team tomorrow. I hope they do well against you. Good to see you. There's no excuses, right? Like there's no like, because I remember earlier this year when John Moran had like a triple double at halftime and he was the best player on the floor in Boston. It was like Our fifth game and seven nights, something like that. And I Remember, I remember, yeah, I remember well, okay, Tire books We're fine tomorrow night. No excuses. No excuses. Please don't beat us by 40. We just fired our coach. We don't, we don't, we don't need anything. Oh you know what's happening. We don't, we don't need anything else bad to happen. I'm telling you right Now. You guys are gonna win.


No, no, no. This pot will come out. You'll win. Jaw's gonna have a great night and there's gonna be like an immediate like in the moment like, oh my God. And then he'll get traded to Atlanta in two years and then you guys will be like, Priscilla was right. How dare you. How dare you. Bye Veta. Thanks for coming. We're gonna take one more break.


This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA. MICHELOB ULTRA. A superior LIGHT BEER in the ultimate trophy. Win or lose. You're bound to enjoy the ride with a good beer in hand. MICHELOB ULTRA crisp, refreshing only 95 calories, a superior LIGHT BEER. No matter the game sporter season superior is worth playing for. So sign up for ultra courtside at MICHELOB ULTRA dot com slash courtside and you can enjoy some of these games with nice beer in your hand. ENJOY RESPONSIBLY copyright 2025 Anheuser-Busch MICHELOB ULTRA registered LIGHT BEER. St. LOUIS, Missouri Must be 21 plus to order alcohol, alcohol available only in select markets.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


And now for a special part of the show brought to you by Workday. Are you a forward thinker? Then you need an HR and finance platform that thinks like you do Workday. The AI platform that helps propel your organization, your workforce, and your entire industry into the future Workday, moving business forever forward. Rosc, we've watched two weeks of March Madness, your single favorite non Cooper flag prospect that you've seen.


The one that just puts a hop in your step. Clayton Junior of Florida. The shot that he hit, the three were, he ended up taking it out from the paint sprinted to the three point line and then turned around one, not only had the stones take it, but make it look I'm late to college basketball because of St. John's. I was watching more this year. Free time. I'm not gonna be watching it. Instead of NBA, we already know my deal. But I really got into all the conference championship stuff when they played against Tennessee in the SEC tournament. I texted the team and I said, Hey, I just looked@espn.com and like I understand Clayton Jr. The argument against him, but he's not even in a second round pick. And they were like, no, he's a pro, he's a pro. He is an absolute beast of a player as far as just the confidence.


So Walter Clayton Jr. Was at Iona, goes home to Florida and now the Gators are in the final four. That shot that he hit in that game and that comeback against tech. That was, that was big time stuff. And look, he had a couple other shots earlier how Kat some big threes as well. So I think that comeback when it looked like it was over with only a couple minutes to go. I've loved watching this tournament. I know, you know, look, the next three games in Elite eight weren't really exciting. But this has been, I've, I've watched a ton of this tournament. Clayton jumped out to me as well and I looked at our draft guide to see if he was in the top 14 and he wasn't.


And I don't think he's even a first round pick right now. Right? But I don't know, I thought the same thing you did. He seemed completely unafraid. Guys have fooled us of March Madness though, where they look awesome and they make big shots and we go, oh but that guy, those were some big ass shots because it wasn't just that last one you mentioned He's older, he is been around so yeah that doesn't help. I like him. He's six three as a guard. He's not necessarily the most athletic dude but he just, I love the way that guy plays basketball and it's not just that shot. I'm with you. Well Thanks again to Workday for sponsoring this segment. Learn more@workday.com. So we're gonna do a git called the NBA forgotten teams that just don't, don't get talked about enough on shows like this. And we did a couple of them actually we did Minnesota, we did the Rockets, talked some clippers.


There is this Detroit, Indiana Milwaukee trifecta and it looks like where we're landing now, Detroit is not going to play the Knicks, which is a huge bummer And we're, because I was really excited for that series. We, before we started recording today, Detroit gets into another altercation in Minnesota that we probably could have predicted. I wish there was a way to bet on a fan. Do you Want, you want a little timeline of it? So Di Vincenzo pushes Stewart on a rebound, go to a dead ball, Stewart walks directly at him bumps di vincenzo and you're like, that seems a bit excessive. Yeah. Then di Vincenzo moments later when we get back to action off a Miss Barrels in to FIO and Stewart doesn't like it stands over Di Vincenzo grabs the ball away from him and Di Vincenzo probably said something but he was sitting on the ground.


As soon as he goes to get up he shoves di Vincenzo right? Yeah. Gets the technical. So now we're Stewart lead the league and stand over a guy. Moments this year. Sierra number one stand over a guy, a guy. I don't know, he's third in text though. I was surprised I looked It up. It seems low. Yeah. An's number one actually. So then we have Ron Holland who is just a young apprentice Jedi to Isaiah Stewart. But if you watch him, I compared him to run our test maybe with you on this podcast a week ago. I said there was run our testy vibes. I don't know that anybody said it before you of like look local people that are on the pistons are all over it, but Holland has a switch. And so he got knocked down on a screen again, which was that whole bicker staff game when he freaked out and said we're not gonna be disrespected.


I think he is a bit of like the head of the snake thing where it's, he's so hot the entire game that some of the other guys pick up on that. So Holland gets knocked down, then the next time he has the ball, he drives at Na Reed and hits a really nice floater baseline over him. Okay. So then they come down the other way, NAS wants to take it Holland. And I was like man, this is fun. That was a fun fucking Sunday afternoon game for us out west here. And Nas totally overreacted to the Holland part of it. So then he starts going at it Vincenzo with third man under the ring, Holland pushes him off. Vincenzo goes for the massive like neck push down and all I'm watching is there's a scrum right in the baseline, courtside seats Bill. All I'm waiting for is who's going to punch Go bear because it's this extra target.


It's like there's a skyline and then there's Go Bear. Yeah. Like who built that? Like oh this Japanese guy. And so see You think Beef Stew is just gonna randomly come in and throw the quick punch as he is going to break it up. But the problem was that Stew was already like, I still need to mess up Vincenzo, but Sasser was trying to get to him and like I didn't, it looked like Vincenzo was on a ride at some point. Yeah, I would say this for a Pistons team and I think we touched on it at the very beginning. Like this team's like I know we're gonna do this others group, but they were nine and 15, they're 33 and 17 since that. So over 50 games, they're 33 and 17 you, their net rating bill over these last 50 games is fourth best in the NBA.


So yes, crazy. Isaiah Stewart is looking for a fight all the time. You really, I think every team needs one guy like this. If you have two, it could be an issue with Holland That was the Indiana Pacers issue. You can't have like, You can't have Atest with Stephen Jackson. But no, you love having the one though. Yeah, so, so I could tell you like there's some mo like Stewart completely overreacted Nas overreacted on his part of it. But damn it, this team is sucked. And so if this is part of it, I couldn't believe it when I saw fourth best net rating in the NBA over the last 50 games then let the boys watch. You know?


Well I looked at, it's funny you did the last 50 I did the last 25 before today. 'cause they got, they got shellacked in the second half. This Was before today. Yeah, I Did it this morning. 17 and eight in their last 25 before today they were third net rating, but they were fifth offense, second defense. And I put in all caps as a question to ask you, at what point do we take the Pistons seriously because that's a really big sample size. I remember like three weeks ago we talked about could there be a team like Dallas last year where we just didn't take them seriously but there were all these signs in the last 30 games and You have to almost throw out every Dallas stat prior to the acquisition of G of Gaffer and PJ Washington.


Right. So with Detroit they add Schroder who is in the equipment of gaffer and PJ Washington. But he did give them a little extra balance and and a different look in crunch time. And he is somebody who's been in big games and he's another guy who's, and I mean this as a compliment, he's a fucking dick. Yeah. Oh big time. He's, they just have a team full of guys who are like, I don't care if you think I'm a fucking dick, I'm gonna keep coming Beasley, I'm gonna know you and I'm coming after you. Beasley, I who knew he had this, Well I think either was, this was always the idea of Beasley. Like I was always right, shocked like a team would bring him in and be like, oh we need him for his spacing, his three and D. And be like, where's the three and D part?


And I know that the shooting numbers will tell you that over the years he's, he's, but I just never felt like I ever trusted him. You know, there's certain guys I, I can't even write it down and say that this is true, but there's guys that I know like Andrew Wiggins is hitting the three in the corner with four minutes left. He's not hitting the corner three with two minutes left. Yeah. You know? Yeah. And there's a bunch of guys, I mean like Beasley has been so huge for them. Spacing alone. I mean when you start sorting out what their numbers are, they're seventh in offense in the last 50, they're fourth in defense. In the last 50, they're ninth in shooting, they're also playing a million guys, which I don't know what that means for them in playoffs. But in March they played 11 players 13 or more minutes, which we've already touched on with the pistons. But I, I am with you in that.


You, you gotta throw away the first couple months 'cause it was new. And by the way Cade, as I keep saying by the way here, we Didn't mention Cade yet. Yeah. Cade's missed four straight with an injury that shouldn't be that big of a deal. But the Pacers, if you wanna do the 51 games with them 'cause I was, I was doing it like alright, what's your low point record wise? Right? And then what are you since then, so the Pacers at one point, you know were below 500 I guess I don't have the record stuff in front of me, but they are 34 and 17 since December 5th. The same, the same number. I guess now the Pistons are 33 and 18, they're, some of their ranking stuff isn't actually as impressive as Detroit's is.


But that expanded standing stuff that I always like looking at like how do you do against those teams over 500, you know, other than Cleveland and Boston who have really good records. If you look at, at the east, you know the Pacers are 16 and 15, the Knicks are 12 and 18. Detroit's 10 and 20, Milwaukee's 11 and 20. This is, this has been a really good team since that stretch as well. But the five, the, the wins against the 500 teams tells us the Pacers are better. But I still think it's open for discussion, which I'm now gonna like pivot it back to you. Do you like one Team? I'll start with the Pistons. Okay. I think Cade is the best player in a Pistons Pacers series. As good as Halliburton's been the last two months.


I just, I think Cade is, I think he's a top 10 to 12 guy. So you got that Pistons can rebound and defend. They're plus four plus five rebounding every single game. And they have multiple guys that can, I think Shruder's a huge pest in a pacer series. And, And by the way, the reason we're talking Pistons Pacers is it looks like this gonna be the four five Beasley and Hardaway are making six threes a game, 40% and they make big threes at the end of the games and they run plays for them. I mean one of their plays they'll, they'll be down, you know, one point 40 seconds left and they'll run a big play to send Beasley coming off some sort of screen and he'll make it. And remember Like Hardaway was just out of the rotation last year too at times.


Right. You can't roll him out there, just see what happens. Right. They were done with them And I like that. Yeah, I know K's missed a couple games here, but they're best guys for the most part play unless they got suspended for fighting, which is gonna happen today. I think they're a real team. I was really excited for them to play the Knicks because I genuinely thought they could beat the Knicks in a series. Pacers is a little more interesting Now you mentioned like even the last 25 games, they're top eight in net. Halliburton is the numbers that I, that jumped out to me since New Year's. He's 20 and 10, 51%, 44% from three and that's in 33 games. They're 24 and nine in those games.


And eye test wise, it seems like he's back. We were worried about him but it seems like he's back. And you noticed that the other day in the Laker game when Carlisle went offense defense with him and it was fucking stupid and in that they weren't able to get it back in the last 50 seconds. It was one of the reasons they lost. My thing with Indiana, they shoot themselves in the foot so many times in these games they're like, I feel like they're in every game. It doesn't matter who they're playing, they should, they're either they're winning or they should be winning. And yet you watch 'em in the last couple minutes and you're like, why are they doing that? Why is that guy out there? Why was that their play coming outta the timeout? I think their fans are just as frustrated as, as I probably am watching them.


I think they're, I think the ceiling of that team is really good and it feels like they're their own worst enemy a lot of the time. That's my Pacer's takeaway. Okay. Just for the record, I think Game three Hardaway played like 19 minutes and missed every single shot but they got killed in the third quarter. I don't know the answer yet To who I like more between Detroit and the Pacers because that Pacers record against 500 or better I think is a very telling thing. It's, it's one of the most important things I look at when I'm getting ready for the playoffs and be like, Hey you're actually beating any of these good teams. I mean this, this is perfect. Second part of like the Memphis like okay, what's your seat? Oh you have the worst record against 500 or better teams of the top eight teams in the West.


Like that's something you Were 18 and oh against the worst five teams in the east. Right? The Halliburton part. Remember last year pre Allstar his splits 22 4 12 shooting splits, 49, 40% from three. After the Allstar break you're like, oh what happened to this guy? Now he's dealing with a bunch of different injuries, 17 points, four boards, 10 assists, the shooting splits went down to 45 and 30. That's in 26 games pre Allstar this year. 18 three and a half, eight and a half assist the game shooting splits 45, 30 7% from three. And you're like, this is a really long stretch of Halliburton not being the all NBA guy almost An entire year. Right?


Granted it's only 15 games but since the all-star break, he's 22 a game, almost four boards, 11 assists, 54 and 45% shooting splits. And so that again, it's only 15 games. It's a reminder of this dude that we got so incredibly excited about. It was so bad during that long year we almost did a pod of, was everyone wrong about the Saboni trade? You know, kidding around. But it's just how many times we re kind of litigated a bunch of different trades that have happened. But even with that, there have been times where I go do they, and maybe it was prior to the All-Star break, but I'd be like, do they trust Emhart a little bit more?


That's not the case right now 'cause Halliburton's breaking the paint, he's just flying around, he's doing all the stuff that we fell in love with when he was in college. They're like, this guy just sees the game in a different way. They clearly have a knee Smith Mathen decision. I think that they like mathen better. And the funny thing is with Knee Smith coming back because they had all of these injuries that really held back their depth, I would think that Knee Smith would be the primary defender unlike the other stud. And it looks like they may like mhar better. I don't know what that means. Well It almost seems like they, they just want offense and they don't even care about having a guy out there who can stop the other guy 'cause they think they can outscore whoever they're playing. I the center rotation problem, like you know, so if I said, Hey I like the Pacers because of the record and then you go, okay, but you know the Pacers defensively, the numbers are a little bit better than you would think 'cause they were a disaster last year.


Yeah they're better. But then it's a bit like the Knicks where you go, okay, I've got these other defenders that maybe give me a chance. But if it's Turner who's been in decline as the back line of the defense and then I mean they've had to play Thomas Bryant 15 minutes a game in March. He's gonna massive negative net rating. They've even played Tony Bradley like five minutes a game. So like the center part, they don't really have any other option at all unless they want to go see Akaka and play small in a certain matchup. But again, back to my Knicks comp here, it's like this fun team we all really like, but it's like, do I really take them seriously enough when it feels like the head of the snake in Halliburton can be hunted and then your center is somebody that people feel like, you know what, we're probably gonna have a really good chance attacking them over the course of a series.


And I know past chance get like really upset of us maybe nationally being dismissive. It's like, hey we made the Eastern Conference finals last year. Well let's go through it man. I mean Milwaukee had the injuries, the Knicks had the injuries and it was a fun four games against Boston. Like those are really fun games but it, it's always gonna fall into the category of kind of like Atlanta's Eastern conference finals and Portland's Western conference finals. Like congrats on getting that far when no one expected It. I think it was more impressive than the Atlanta, that weird Atlanta Philly series. 'cause Philly just completely fell apart during that series. I mean Atlanta was down big in some of those games. The indie, that goes back to the point I made earlier. They completely fucked up game one when Jalen hit the shot in the corner and they completely fucked up.


I think game three and game four, they could have won both of those games and Carlisle's a really good coach, but he does some end of the game stuff that I just, I don't understand. And the teams do weird stuff And Right, but if they had won game one then Boston's gonna, they're just gonna, the series is going to feel different. They were In three of those four though in like a real way that, but this goes back to my point. I think Indiana's good. Like I'm actually, I'm pro Indiana. I think that I like if They're in the four, if they're, if it's a four five and it's Indiana, Detroit, and I'm Cleveland, I fuck this is who we get in round two it to play Indiana. Like they're a pain in the ass and you're gonna score on them.


They're also gonna score on you. I just think they wanna go up and down, up and down, up and down. And I think they could play with Cleveland. I don't know if they'll beat them, but that's not a great round two draw for a team that's about to win 66, 67 games. You know, or you, if they're Trait and you're in a fist fight with Trait, If they're both healthy, I think Cleveland dissects them in a, in a way that you go, okay, like it's, we can't stop the flood. Like there's nothing that we can do. Even though the Pacers defensively, when I ran the numbers again and split it up a little bit, you know, since December 5th, they're actually like 12th defensively that, that at least gives you a chance, you know? 'cause I used to just Kind, I like how they're playing. I used to talk about, I really like Halliburton too, As like Midwest Knicks.


Yeah, same profile. Really good players. I, I like the Pacer's depth. I, you know, other than the center part of it, I liked some of the stuff that they can do. But it's kind of back to your Cade point, which I think Cade is your answer, but is there a series where the Pacers would have the best player in any of those series? I guess the problem for me with Cleveland and the reason I don't wanna overreact to some of these losses in the four game winning streak, but at the same time their defense hasn't been good now for a month. You know, they're, they're not even in the, the, I think like net rating in the last 15 games or so. Their 15th, they got torched by the Clippers tonight and outscored them.


But over and over again you're watching them like outscore other teams versus what they were doing in the first four months where I thought defensively, even though it's a little weird with the guards, I thought they could get stops when they needed to get stops. And now I'm wondering if they can, so if I'm Indiana and I see those guys in round two, I feel like I can score on them and I feel like I can hnk guys in their team and I can hang around and who the hell knows. I still think Cleveland's gonna make the Eastern finals. And you know, I I I really felt like they were gonna make the finals three, four weeks ago from what I was seeing. They were hitting every check mark. Like even if you look at the teams that, do you see this stat about the teams that started out 50 and 10?


You basically have a 50% chance of winning the finals based on the history of this. If you start out 50 and 10, 1, 2, 3, 5 times didn't, five teams didn't win the title starting out 50 and 10 and six teams did. So the 50 and ten's like no joke, but I do feel like they lost momentum the last four weeks and defensively I just, I'm not seeing it with them. Okay, you are right. But do you believe it? I don't know what to believe. That's why the season season, they're so weird. Do you believe they'll be bad on defense and not shoot it? Well I think there's, there's issues with them defensively that I think the smarter teams have exploited.


And maybe that's a little fall the leader where teams, the other teams Sacramento are watching Sacramento. Huh? Orlando, the smarter offensive teams out there. No, I'm talking about like te the way teams like Celtics and OKC have attacked them. That might be what's happening where teams are like, oh, look at what they did. Oh, here's something picked up. I don't know. Seems maybe, but They're, they're also missing a million threes. I mean Mitchell's shooting splits in this stretch, the last eight prior to today's game. He's 36 and 22% from three. He had that two and 18 game against Phoenix. He went oh eight from three. I didn't even think they were bad looks, he just, you know, high volume the Clippers, he was five to 18.


I I just think they're so good and they've been so good for so long and it's not because of playoff success in previous seasons. I'm giving you the benefit of the doubt. It's, I think they were a million games up. And So that's the thing, right? You have, that's what you have to point to and be like, they have had nothing to play for other than one seed in the finals to home court basically. That's the only thing they've had to play for for the last month. And then they lost that. So now it's like, what do you have to play for nothing? They and I watched the game today. They were, they got up 34 17. I thought they were clearly the better team. The Clippers stayed in it with some threes there to make the score look a little bit closer. So yeah, like the tech technically without Kauai, the Clippers came back and fought this against the full group with Cleveland.


They didn't have Ty Jerome today who's out with a knee thing. But I, I just like, okay, maybe you're right about the defense but this team isn't all of a sudden just gonna not shoot. Well that would be very surprising to me. And if you look at their true shooting on the season, it's like first and if you look at it through this down stretch here, and it reminds me a little bit of Denver in 23. You know, Denver closed the season, Right? What were they? They were 46 and 19 then had a, had a five and seven stretch in March. So actually they closed the season, they won their NBA title. They closed it seven and 10 in their last 17.


This episode is brought to you by Vuori. Look, I'm not a big let's hype up workout clothes guy, but Vuori, I, I gotta say total game changer, been wearing a lot. If you see me power walking around Los Angeles probably gonna see me wearing some Vuori Sunday performance joggers that they have. It's made with four-way performance stretch fabric. One of the most comfortable things you own. You'll wear them everywhere, I promise. All you have to do is go to Vuori dot com slash simmons and you get 20% off your first purchase with Vuori VUOR i.com/simmons. Enjoy free shipping on all US orders over $75 plus free returns, exclusions apply. Visit the website for full terms and conditions.


This episode is brought to by LinkedIn During the season, every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a hot month or two. You need sustained dominance throughout. While the same is true for your small business, it's not enough to have a great Q2 or even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires. That'll be there for the long haul to find those hires. Use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to by Intuit TurboTax. Taxes was waiting and wondering, worrying. It's almost like how in the old days of fantasy football, we used to have to tally the scores on a Monday and then the commissioner would just mail by mouth to everybody and you would wait three days to see if you won. Those were the old ways of doing it. Now taxes is matching with a TurboTax live full service expert who gives your taxes their undivided attention. They can file your taxes as soon as today. And while they do get real time updates on their progress, meaning you can get back to what's important. The game now this is taxes. Intuit TurboTax, get an expert now on turbotax.com.


Milwaukee is the other thing we didn't discuss. I dunno how long Dame's gonna be out, but it doesn't look great. Port is the suspended coma has given them some energy and some rebounded, some defense and his offense is not good enough and they're just getting waxed by certain teams and it's starting to feel like they sold their souls to win one title. The the weird breaks they're getting and just the bad luck and the way the trading drew for Dame and all the stuff they gave up. It just feels like their window has come and gone. And I think if, if I'm a Bucks fan, I don't know what I'm feeling good about right now than the fact that Giannis is on my team.


Well it wouldn't be today. They gave up 145 points to the Atlanta Hawks today. So that's Playing you think with game outta the lineup that wouldn't make your defense worse. 145? I don't know. Milwaukee looks, I never really understand it. 'cause I, I would say like of all the fan bases that you hear from Milwaukee fans get really, really chesty and in an annoying way. You know, and obviously it's not all Milwaukee fans, but the loudest ones find the most creative ways to feel slighted and I've just never understood it. You watch this team like yeah when they started four and nine, it's like, are they really gonna be this bad?


Yeah, not really the case. They put together a nice little one win streak there, but it was, you know, the Houston one was close, Chicago sunk back then They did beat the Pacers in Charlotte, Miami, Washington, Detroit, you know, look, that was right before we were kind of doing some of the Detroit stuff. So I'm like, I'm not, it just feels like, hey, they win three or four and they lose three or four. They win three or four, they lose three and four. And there's, I've watched them a lot 'cause I, I keep trying to figure out if I, if there's something I'm missing. And I, I think that's kind of the point is you're not really missing anything. They are plus 2 45 on FanDuel to make it to round two. So that means Knicks bucks round one, the Knicks will be at least minus 300 favorites.


And that's how the betting public sees it. And it's not great for Milwaukee. They're 19 to one to make the Eastern finals. And there's gonna be, look, we always talk about it. We've been doing this pod for a few years together. We get to the summer and there's always like the two stars. Like whoa, this fell apart fast. And I don't know, Giannis has to be one of the guys considered, 'cause I don't know if you're him. Maybe you're happy staying in Milwaukee, you wanna retire as a buck. But if you're just thinking big picture, do I wanna get back to the finals? Do I wanna have another relevant season? It's not gonna happen with the group they have now, Kyle Coman iss not saving it. So I don't know what the answer. No, I Saw some, I saw some net rating stuff. 'cause like I totally understood the coma trade just to feel like they'd have a little bit more juice with it, but I don't have it in front of me.


I was trying to find it here because I, I don't think it's like the raw net rating number, but there's some stuff, some on off stuff with Uzma that is rather alarming. But without Dame, which is a really serious issue here. I what are we, what are we even talk like with Dame, if everything was right with Dame Healthwise Against the Knicks, would you still take 'em? I would not. Would you take him against the Pacers? No. Would you take him against the Pistons? So Dame's playing it's, yeah, I, I probably, I Team's obviously better this year. I mean offensively at least. But I, so I would take them over the Pistons just because nobody in the Pistons has played the playoff game basically.


Except for be the Beasley Hardaway types. But I wouldn't bet on, you know, I wouldn't bet on the Bucks Dame got knocked out of any chance to be in the A NBA. Just wanted to mention this quick Mitchell, if you did the first team, we got two weeks left. Is Mitchell in there over Edwards for you? It's a bad shooting month, but yeah, I, I think I still have him In there. I think I still have it slight. I have, same way. I have slight edge for Mitchell there. We had JJ, triple J, LeBron Mobley, Cade Edwards as a likely second team.


And then I wonder if KD has played himself into third team possibilities. Just 'cause we're not gonna have Brunson and we're not gonna have Dame is harden in the all NBA mix for you? He, he wasn't the first time we did the exercise two weeks ago, so I don't, I didn't have it then. Who are you moving out? Can I give you some hardened stats? Yeah, I'll just give you this 1 25, 6 and nine since the Allstar break. Like he's actually having a, he's seven A, well it's like, I don't know, when was the after break? mid-February. Yeah, 15, something like that. And he is been pretty durable so I think he's in the mix.


It gets really confusing. I mean Hal Burton I think is in the mix too. Especially if Indiana can, can keep playing while I think he's entered the fray. Other than that I don't, I mean Garland Trey, I'm not voting for Trey for ONBA if they don't have a winning record. It's tough. That's, we lost a lot Of guys. It's 19 games. That's 19 games for Harden. Yeah, we lost a lot of guys, man, Reeves Reeves, if you wanna start the Reeves side now, I think they should move it to 60 games games. I think the 65 is prohibitive. 'cause like it's not Brunson's fault. He got hurt in overtime of a fucking Lakers game when he was doing everything and he stepped on somebody's foot and now he's not an NBA player.


He is one of the best 10 guys we had this season. You know, it's one thing if it's John you're missing six here, eight here. It's one thing if you're Kauai and you're sitting, you know, and nobody ever knows who you're gonna play. The Brunson thing was a fluke injury that wasn't his fault. And the guy's a warrior and he is playing 37 minutes a game and I, I just, I almost wonder if it should be minutes instead of games. I Don't know man. I don't care. Actually I, I'm with you on the Brunson thing, but I think as soon, soon as well I care for the voting. Yeah, I know, but I'm, I'm just saying clearly I care for the voting but it's just my natural reaction now with everything. It's like, hey, we kind of figured out something that makes it better and there's an incentive for guys to play and it's like yeah but can we change it?


Like here's the NBA got it wrong and it's like Jesus Christ, like we're just trying to run a league here. 60 five's too high Booker, is he in the mix for you? He's always in the mix for me. But if we're talking, It'd be funny if two sons made it and they finished like six games under 500. He was on my my worksheet. Yeah. Wanna do some March madness before we go? Sure. Do you like this new kind of world where we just have really good teams going against each other, almost like women's basketball and we don't have the same kind of Cinderella situation but the actual quality of the games is better?


Look, I, I feel like an elitist saying this but I've said it for years, is that everybody likes a Cinderella until it fucks up your TV schedule. Right? And you're going, who's on St. Peter's again? You know, I actually just wanna watch North Carolina, Arizona. Yeah. And so I think everybody loves the Cinderella until you're like, I don't, I don't know what this matchup is. So look, if Colorado State doesn't give up the Queen game winner, then I don't know if the headlines are different, but since it's all Blue Bloods, not necessarily Blue Bloods, but like the Power four conferences now and it's 16 for 16 and then it's all chalk all the way like this was and historic.


If you looked at some of the Ken Palm stuff, the top four seeds going into this tournament, they're combined, whatever his ranking system is, it was the highest four quality teams you'd had in tournament history for one Seeds since they had expanded this thing and not to 68, like we're going back almost 40 years. So we knew on paper it was gonna be really good and you know, the way that Duke Bama game played out, like Bama was a really good basketball team. They couldn't, it wasn't shooting variants and not making threes. There was no good shots available for him for 40 minutes. Like what Duke did to those dudes a good, a really good basketball team in Alabama that felt like they were in the mix of the same tier as as a Florida or Auburn, you know, and look you, you're gonna dig 'em a little bit 'cause Auburn looked like the best team all season long and everybody fell in love with Florida as they won the SCC championship bill.


But to watch Alabama go the whole game being like, I guess I'll just shoot it from here again because we can't get past the perimeter guys. We're never getting into the paint. We can't post it up against these guys. Even if we get a screen, we get some angle Mal watches is coming over here, this dude who started playing basketball four years ago and is seven foot two and he is altering every shot at the rim. Yeah, look I, I've loved watching this tournament even if it hasn't been the buzzer beater and the drama stuff. So, and I need more than, I always say this kinda stuff, but like I need more than one year results. Just say this is now the new normal. Now it's very clear the mid-major programs, the strength that they had, the advantage that they had against some of the other higher profile programs was that they had continuity that a lot of their guys were playing together multiple years, maybe even a little bit older and sticking around.


They all like we ignore that in basketball far too often that it's the same thing in the NBA. Like have these guys actually played together for a long time? Like that's a massive advantage that I feel like is never ever talked about or at least we we we've diminished the importance of that continuity. And so maybe that's, maybe this is the first year of the new normal, but I would need it to be like this and in a single elimination like we're definitely gonna have Cinderella teams again, we're just gonna have weird scores that'll happen. It just didn't happen this year. And the top of the field as we knew going in was historic anyway and it's played out that way. I like watching really good basketball teams. I'm a snob. I like watching good good sporting events and good teams and the quality does seem a little higher but Duke is like I this when you watch them, like the ceiling of the guys they're putting out there and how they play together, which is, I talked about this with Tate and Kyle the other day.


Like it's not just like, oh they have four, like that 2000, what was that 2019 Duke team and it was like Zion and RJ Barrett and it's like look at all these lottery prospects but it didn't feel like a team. This Duke team now feels like an actual basketball team that you would've put together like a gm, like the way they play together. I think that's been really interesting to watch because I had just gotten to the point with college basketball, I was like, this all feels fucking random. Everyone's just chucking up threes and some of 'em will go and some of them won't but that but the, I think the quality's been higher and I, the other thing is some of the teams feel like they have different identities almost, which is the way college, when we really loved college in the eighties and nineties, the teams would have these different personas.


Like St John's is like, oh the pressing team. Texas Tech was like these guys are just fucking huge. Like they're just like big bully ball team. So that, that part's been really fun to watch moving far, knowing fun, knowing nothing. And then you watch, you know the games today and it's like Jesus Christ Houston, it's the athlete team, you know, so that that part I've enjoyed. Yeah, tech will almost want, I mean it's gonna be tough for tech fans today going oof, you kind of blew that one. But again, we've already been talking about the Gators and the shop making they just, everybody between how and and Clayton Jr. They hit every one of those threes when they needed to and then they missed the front end of the one-on-ones on the other side twice.


But tech was looking like they were gonna run away with that game with post up old school, post up somebody, somebody was sitting on a couch, A young man listening to us right now was on the couch with his father, maybe even his grandfather and he was like, that guy reminds me of Adrian Danley. Although Adrian Danley probably had a little bit more face up. Like I could have just gone real old school post up guy and I don't wanna use McHale here, but they got back into it because Florida could not handle the big guy Williams I think from from tech who just was destroying him and it was With space. Yeah. They were just kind of spacing it out for him and chucking it to him and he was doing this, They didn't wanna double Him spins or face up. It was pretty interesting.


Yeah right. 'cause you could see Florida's like, we don't want to double here. And then they finally like had a guy overplay his shoulder so much that it yeah kind of screwed him up a little bit. Yeah. Look man, like even Tennessee, what Tennessee did to Kentucky in that first half was horrifying. It was, I mean the energy, the effort because I think 'cause as NBA guys, whenever I dig into the college stuff, there's this abruptness the shock part of like, oh my God, like who's actually going to score? Like do they have like we're just so used to the NBA now. It's weird if there's two guys that aren't offensive threats on the ball and in college you might have like lineups where it's always three guys that aren't really a threat with the basketball and they play so damn hard.


Especially in these tournaments, they're just gonna play harder than anything you're gonna see in the regular season in the NBA for the most part. Which would only make sense. I don't even think it's a criticism of the NB, it's just the reality of it that once you get past like what the hell are they doing? Is anyone ever gonna score or that's a terrible shot or where are the shot makers like Lanier, I know Tennessee gets eliminated today, but that guy's like one of the just purest shot makers I watched all season in college hoop like damn, like this guy's getting into this kind of stuff as a college player. And so you have Tennessee just swallow up Kentucky and then they go up against Houston where you're like, I don't know, like are a couple guys gonna get, are their careers gonna end in this game because you know how physical it's gonna be.


And granted it was 29 to eight with 3 38 to go in the first half and Houston basically reminds Tennessee like you think what you did against Kentucky you're gonna be able to do against us. And the Kentucky even has a, or excuse me, I think Tennessee had the ball down 10 making this run and they played so hard to close this game, which is a credit to Rick Barnes and, and everybody with Tennessee. So I'm gonna say nice about something about the team that lost here. I don't know how many other teams in college basketball are able to hold off the effort that Tennessee was playing with and yet Houston was able to get it back up to 20. 'cause there was about this six or eight minute stretch where I'm like, is Tennessee gonna find a way to actually get back in this game? And if you can appreciate the effort and obviously the pageantry, which we always talk about in the past, it helps you get over some of the moments where there's just such a gap between the shot making ability and you know how clunky the college game can look at times.


Because it a lot of at times like these guys are busting their asses. Every single rebound is the wrestling match. I think the shop making is, I just wonder if basketball is just going to another level as we're watching it. Just the at all levels. Like you watch some of the drives and the finishes that the college guys have and some of these guys aren't even gonna potentially even play in the NBA or or some of the threes, like the threes that Clayton Jr. Is making the artistry feels like it's gone up a level versus where we were before. Now some stuff has changed. Like I don't like when, when we did Blue Chips for the re watchable and you watch Bobby Hurley is in that movie and he's just like the old school classic point guard head up.


I'm just gonna set up. Those guys seem to be kind of gone and they've just been replaced by these, all these different shooting point guards that all seem like they, they every team has like three of them. And then Flag is another one who just seems like a complete anomaly for what we're watching. But for the most part, like you watch some of the shop making and it's, it's really high level. I just wonder if maybe it's the camps, maybe it's people following like the previous generations and stealing the best things from them as they watch and they're playing when they're eight years old. But it just seems like people are getting better at basketball. Is that crazy? Like there would be finishes in traffic where guys are bouncing off each other and doing like spin spins.


Like Jesus Christ, that's like a round two NBA playoffs shot. This guy's like the fucking fourth guy in Florida. Now Wait if you're missing Bobby Hurley, do you feel like you didn't spend enough time with Steven Ashworth this year or Creighton? I probably didn't and probably not the Illinois guy either. The pick and roll guy with the long last name, I don't think, I didn't spend enough time with him either, but that's why we have YouTube when I'm doing, when I'm jumping in late on the draft, falling in love with different people. So I I did a little exercise, I was gonna say it from my pod, but I'll do it now. The Cooper stuff. Yeah, now that I feel I'm, I'm caught up on him. Yeah I asked, I asked, I think it was, I don't think I got 10 responses so maybe I'm not as cool as I thought.


I think I sent out 10 texts to NBA teams being like Zion coming out, Cooper coming out. So I have eight responses. What do you think the vote is for Cooper or Zion Who is going to be a more reliable superstar? No, we can't do that. It's a little hard to put the toothpaste back in the tube 'cause we have all the Zion information. But go back to when Zion was coming out. But what's the question for the number one pick? What's the question? Who Would be, who do you like more as a prospect coming into the draft? Like if, If they were both coming out with only the one Duke year behind them, how would you rank Cooper Flag and Zion? Man we really, we both really love Zion coming outta college Loved Him.


I'm gonna say Cooper is more of a sure thing. So he'd be ranked slightly higher just 'cause whatever he's doing is gonna translate so well there's less variance with the ceiling and Zion was always like had the higher ceiling but he was always in the air. There was always the injury fear with him. I just think Cooper's the safer bet. So I would say him Five three in favor of Cooper. So not the most scientific polling, I dunno Interested though, But it doesn't represent. It's just, you know, you could have five guys. Well Cooper's the, he's the best, he's the best kind of ceiling prospect that's come outta college since Zion, right? Yeah, right. Because I mean, you know, clearly women Yma was generational but not college background.


Yeah, he doesn't, right. Doesn't count Davis at Kentucky Zion. Like if you're just going like the last 15 years, I think he's Cooper's in that conversation. Yeah, He's one of those guys. He's Definitely, there's way more anticipation for him than there were Anthony Edwards. Well it's interesting though because it's different than the typical college guy that comes in because you stick him on these different teams and he can kind of fulfill whatever you were missing. You know, he goes to Charlotte, he just has this immediate impact in all these different ways for them, right? He goes to Washington, you put 'em next to sar, same thing. It'd just be, I just don't think there's a team that's like, yeah this is gonna be a weird fit for us and I can't wait.


But we'll see. We'll see with, we'll see with some of these other Duke guys too. 'cause the seven foot two guys fascinating. Malachi, I dunno what to make of that guy. K nipple's good too. He's, so, I, I'm already on the record, he's gonna go five spots too late in the draft and it's gonna be stupid. I dunno if it'll be, he should have gone 11 and he ends up going 16. He should have gone 14. He ends up going 19. I don't know if teams will talk themselves outta him. I think, I don't know if It's 'cause I grew up such a passionate hater of Duke and then once I started working in the business, I just started respecting it a lot more. And the weird thing was that Zion year I found myself doing the impossible and like not hating Duke and wanting Yeah. I wanted him to advance, which is, I don't think it's ever happened.


And you know, it's a, it's a big east a CC thing. It's, it's very natural. Duke fans, I mean I know you're sick of hearing it, but when they're killing Alabama and then they start sharing the notebook and it's like, hey, you lost last year in the elite eight NC State and John s Shire's. Like I had to examine, reexamine the entire program top down and we needed to like re-emphasize these things and we needed to build this team in a certain way. And I'm listening to all of it. It all sounds incredible. But I also think that people have a habit of, in certain industries, making their job seem like it's more challenging than it is. Or complicated perhaps is the right way to say it.


'cause we all know coaching this kind of program is, is complicated for everybody. It's gonna just wear you out. But I'm sitting there, I'm in my hotel room and I'm listening to all this stuff as they're killing Alabama and I'm thinking like, so you had to have a philosophical adjustment to wanna bring in three lottery picks. Yeah. Isn't that the whole goal every year? Like, you know, we thought Also you, that philosophical adjustment to having Cooper flag on your team. Yeah. You know, we examined everything. We did the work. We, we triple checked everything and we thought, hey, we have a chance to have three lottery picks. They're all huge. Yeah. Should we do that, Phil? Does it match our new philosophy? And it's like, you know, I bet it does.


My guests would be So is That the blueprint? I looked at the mirror, should I have the best guy in six years of my team? And the answer, you know, I stumbled into it, but it was, yes, it's really nice to have him. We were in Boston for the re watchable, we did goodwill hunting on Thursday and the weather was terrible the entire time. Except for like one hour one half you split, you, you lasted two days, you were out. I left a day early and the first day we were there, the Red Sox were one and oh and people are feeling great and now they're one and three and everyone's freaking out about Raphael devs baseball's back baby. I've already run the gamut of emotions in four days.


I'm on three torpedo bats Too, by The way. Three devs panic attacks and wondering the, and the Yankees are using the torpedo bats and really running the gamut of emotions already. Major league baseball. I don't understand these torpedo bats at all. How do we, how did we fi still figure out how to innovate with baseball bats in 2025? How did, how did we not run out of every possibility with these things? Now It's like, I just didn't understand Soup up the barrels. I have no education on it. So let's start there. But I, I found it a little weird that I didn't know that you could just make your own bats Now You just can't use aluminum bats. Seems to be the only, and don't, you can't cork your bat.


Those seem to be the two rules. I don't get it. And of course it's the Yankees that have figured this out. So we're up to, we're up to a great start. You See Nester came in and gave up three home runs on three straight pitches. Yeah. Torpedo bats. Or did they hate him? You know, And I saw Judge wondering, should he not get a torpedo bat? 'cause it's been working for him the last two years. He doesn't wanna change it up. I just think when you have something called a torpedo bat, it's probably gonna get banned from the league pretty for within a year. Just the name itself. It's like, how long is this gonna last? Probably over under, under, over, under three months.


What could you have named it to prevent the pushback though? Something less hostile. The human bat. Like big barrel bat. No, I don't think you could do that. I think that's too aggressive. Barrel. The Natural resource. Bat Barrel, big barrel. Did you pick a side in Stephen a versus LeBron? Or did you set it out? It reminded me of a lot of political debates. Hmm. I was like, I have to pick one. So you sat it out? Yeah. Dude, we've talked about Stephen a how many weeks on this pod? I don't, I don't, I I'm ready to move on right now. Good.


Just to know if you picked a side. I didn't. I think some quotes like anything with me, I, I thought some of the quotes made sense. I thought some of the quotes were ridiculous and I'm sick of talking about 'em. Any last things before we go that you wanted to hit? Anything weird? Any book you're reading? What'd you read in The Plain Home? I read Tim McMahon's Wonder Boy Luca book. How was it? Which I really enjoyed and I enjoyed having on. It was a sports book, it was like 380 pages. I was like, oh right Tim, here we go. This guy's not sending out a little pamphlet with Lu on the cover.


This No Mailin from Tim. Yeah. I was like here because, you know, some of these sports books, I don't like reading them that much anymore. Just 'cause in my free time I don't wanna do more sports. Yeah. But yeah. Oh, I have one for You. Don't, I don't know if I should share this. It's good though. It's up to you. I sat next to Liv Tyler on the flight home and she was awesome. She was so nice. And then I was telling her, because she lived in Maine and telling her, you know, know what we did for work. And I was like, well I'm pretty aware. I I know what you do for work. Yeah.


Because I was like, I do I play it that I don't know who she is or do I say say, Hey, I know Who you are. No, can't, can't be authentic. Right. And I said, Hey look, I'm not gonna pretend that I don't know who you're, because I, I figured it out. And then we were talking about Maine and I was talking about Martha's Vineyard and I was talking about Vermont and then she was like, I don't really know that much about basketball. I said, well, funny enough, I'm like, this guy right here. And it was during the Duke, Alabama game. I was like, this guy's from Maine and he's the best player in college basketball and he's gonna be the number one pick in the draft. And she was like, is that's, that can't be normal that he's from Maine. And I said, look, you, you're already on your way. So, but yeah, really nice.


Like not, you know, she's a huge movie star. And she was like totally friendly, normal. And then I was like, Hey, I gotta get back to the game headphones. And she's like, you Headphones her. But she was ready. She was like, I'm gonna watch a movie. She was like, well check back in in a couple hours. And I was like, deal. Did you do the, I saw I saw your dad play at Avalon in 1994, then you didn't do any of that. Like, I have a pump cassette tape. I was wondering if I could get autographed. So you, you headphones there. That's a really interesting move. Yeah. See now that's gonna be the, the part what part?


I didn't really realize that What, well, People, it's to Alabama. It's your job. It your job. Yeah. I mean, do you know how much of the first game I missed? I flew back today and I had the games, but the wifi, we just, it's 2025 and the wifi just, I don't know why I thought I'd be able to prepare for a lot of this pod and that the plane would come through, but I made it work. But I, I just feel like the wifi should be a hundred percent at this point on plane. What's your best famous person encounter on a cross country flight back to la? Because you never know, like when you're, when you're leaving another major city. Yeah. And you're on that direct, that big boy flight.


Maybe you're sitting up close a little closer to the guys driving the plane. I have, I actually have a story I think I wrote about 20 years ago, but I'll I'll do it again. Yeah. We flew to Houston for Jimmy Kim alive in 2000, 2004. Super Bowl. Pat's Panthers. 2003, 2000, no two. It was, so February, 2004 we're going to Houston. So we were in Writer's guild. So it was first class. It was in first class. I was sitting in a seat and one of the other writers was like two rows behind. And I was like, I wanna sit with him. Asked, asked the person next to him to switch seats with me and they switched seats.


And then five minutes later, Jacqueline Smith from Charlie's Angels sat in the seat. Right. And she was still smoking hot at that point. She was probably, I dunno that was better for her. Early fifties. How, what would you have known? I could've been ne I would've been next to her for three hours. And it was like, I I love Charlie's angels. So I would've, I don't know how that would've gone, but the most fun, this is, I don't know if I took this one, But the thing is, look, I'm gonna give you credit here. 'cause you, you would find a way to get past the awkwardness. 'cause like you, let's not kid ourselves. You've been in this World, I dunno, 22 years ago. I don't know, I think I would've froze. I think I, I would've had a bad lead. I Don't know.


I've seen you, I've seen you in settings where I was kind of shocked at how, How I can navigate stuff. Thanks. Yeah. How cool you navigate like different stuff. And I remember even asked, it was like another director, I was like, he's just gonna sit over with those guys the rest night. And the guy was like, I've never seen anybody like Bill, like Bill can hang out with those guys. He can hang out with those guys. And like, look, we're talking different backgrounds. I think it was the documentary, was it, was it the Juice World documentary? Hmm. And I was, I was like, he's just gonna hang out with those guys all night. I was like, that's, and they was like, yeah man, bill, bill can just, he just can move. He can move. And he navigates all this stuff Really well that's what the Scout report says. Yeah. The scouting report can move in in different areas.


Here's, here's my best airplane story. I've never told this story to you. I'm flying back Super Bowl Colts. Who did they beat Peyton Manning for Colts Bears. Oh. Colts Bears Rex Grossman Flying back and I'm flying back day of the game 'cause I don't wanna be there. And Peyton Manning wins the Super Bowl. I'm still pissed off about the a FFC title game. And I'm sitting next to this lady and the plane never, it doesn't take off for like an hour, just, it's like a stuck on the runway situation. So start talking to the lady and it was Rick Riley's girlfriend, but she didn't know who I was. And she starts telling me about how Rick Riley's gonna leave Sports Illustrated and he thinks he wants to go to ESPN, but he doesn't really like writing his column anymore.


But he so much money he's gonna have to, and she's just giving me all this stuff and I'm like, oh my God. And goes through this whole thing. He's probably gonna do the deal She told before, Might go back to Sports Illustrated, but he doesn't, he doesn't really like writing it anymore. And I'm like, oh my God. So then she's like, what do you do? And I'm like, oh ironically I worked for ESPN. I write a column for them. And, and so she's like, oh that's so weird, but how long have you had the column? Blah blah blah. So then she's texting with him and she looks at me and goes, he's telling me not to tell you anything. But I feel like, so Now you can't tell anyone. But now I feel like it's almost 20 years later, I could probably tell that story because I felt bad.


Because she was nice. That's amazing. Yeah. So pretty good. So she then, she then told you that he was texting her. Like I understand him Saying he was texting her. Don't, you're sitting next to Simmons. Don't say anything. You're literally text. You're telling the one person that you shouldn't, I mean, other than the people making the decision, but if they had already offered. So I guess there's, I'm trying to think where you were ranked on the worst possible people in the world to have that information. So I guess there's probably like four decision makers that'd be rank ahead of you. So I'll put you fifth on that list because I can, I can imagine like there's a couple people at the top, top of ESPN where like if she was sitting next to Skipper at that time and then was saying to Skipper without knowing who Skipper was, he's not sure if he really wants to do it.


That's probably still worse to tell Skipper than you. Right. I I think he was talking himself into it, which is really instructive to me. 'cause I was, you know, I'm still like trying to climb the ladder and, and I'm like, this is great. This guy doesn't sound like he's that hungry anymore. I could beat this guy because I'm a competitive psycho. Yeah. 'cause I remember, I remember you being really excited and supportive of that signing. I don't, Well he took a shot at me. We made up, we, I think he came on the pot at one point, but yeah, he took a shot about how long my columns were and it was like, oh God, I'm just over here, motherfucker. Did you have to go to therapy for That? No, I was, I made me mad.


I was like, you, I I went into like fucking gym in the town mode. Like whose car we taking? I, I'll Be honest, any encounter I had with Rick in person was fun. Yeah, he's a good guy. I ended up, I really ended up liking him. I ran into him a couple different times and he was like incredibly cool to me. And the first time like I was a complete nobody. Yeah. And so he had, he had no reason, but I think he thought, I think he might've thought I was somebody else. Maybe that's why he liked me. But that's really, really funny. So anyway, they put him on sports. But didn't they put him on SportsCenter too? Wasn't that a thing? No. Gave think him a talk show. Whole whole bunch of stuff.


He was writing a, the comm for the, the magazine. It was an instructive lesson to me. I told, I came home and I told my wife, if you're ever sitting on a plane next to anybody, don't start talking about my career or my contract. My contract negotiations with them The best is that she told you that then she was telling her Stop Talking to him. Started, I think he was yelling at her and on in text I would've been like, you can't, you gotta stop. Yeah. And then she was like, well now it's too late. I'll, I'll never forget like in my stretch of like the skipper meetings that I would have, you know? Yeah. Like when you were lucky enough every now and then, and he was, when you had your first skipper meeting as an on-air person, you were like, oh, okay.


Like now I know why this guy's in charge. Yeah. Because he fucking kills it in those meetings. Like he's just That's great. Turns to that. It's not, It's not even that he's, he's just folksy. He's making all these points and you're kind of like, I thought this before and then now I left and I totally get why you did that and why you did this and why you did all these things. Because then he'd also like try to make you feel like you were in on something. He wasn't telling anybody else. He'd be like, I was watching Sports Center the other day and I saw someone on and I didn't know their name. Yeah. I didn't know their background, Ryan. And I thought that's bad. I'm here every day. Yeah. Campus I'm in charge. And I I that I was like, I do not know this person.


And that's not something that shit happened on television. Right. So when the RI thing, because there was a lot of people that were pissed off 'cause Riley that always felt like, Hey is somebody who doesn't work here, let's pay them way more money than somebody who doesn't work here. It was a strategic move by him where he felt like he was crippling Sports Illustrated by doing that. And it was, he wasn't wrong. Right. And I didn't even bring it up. It was almost as if he was just like, I'm gonna let Ryan have this piece of information. Yeah. And then if he's ever at a cocktail party with somebody, again, I never went to any of that stuff, but like if you know like, well Rick Re was a great signing because he was like, we spent a few million dollars, we destroyed Sports Illustrated.


Right. I don't know if that was true, but it was, it was the right, it was the right narrative. I think Sports Illustrated now figuring out the web Destroyed Sports Illustrated. Yeah. And it's also like Yeah 'cause 'cause Print killed it in every other avenue. Yeah. So was that a, was that a Rick Riley thing or was it a print thing? But I, it wasn't even whether or not Skipper was right. The lesson was sharing your strategy in a very clever way where you would gain allies for a decision at the time that was very controversial internally because on air people are maybe the Pettiest people ever. Yeah. And if somebody comes in from the outside and he was gonna surpass so many different people's salary wise people were just going to be pissed because that's what, well I Was one of them happens.


Yeah, no I know. I remember. Well that was a fun one. I by the way, Rick Riley's girlfriend, wife, whoever she was, she was very nice. I don't want her get in trouble now if they're still together. It was also 20 years ago. Who cares? Alright, that's it Illa. Okay. See you got two podcasts this week. Next week we have something fun for the Sunday episode and then, then we're in the home stretch here. Good to see you. Thanks for coming to Boston. Yeah, no, thanks for having me. The Goodwill hunting thing was awesome. It was, you guys are so good. You Sean cr Ah, you fit in. Great. It was a really fun one. No, I was really good on the pod. I'm not being humble, but I'm just saying you three are also very good.


Thank you. See you next week. All right. That's it for the podcast. Thanks to Ryan Marillo. Thanks to Chris Vernon for joining us. Thanks to Sir Rudy and Gau and Kyle. As always, don't forget you can watch this on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. You can always watch it as a video podcast on Spotify. New re watchable is coming tomorrow. Goodwill Hunting Prestige TV podcast White Lotus episode seven is up and last but not least, the Zack Lowe show is coming. So get ready to subscribe wherever you get your podcasts. Very excited about that. We will see him on this podcast on Tuesday.


Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or Text HOPE NY in New York.