
Coming up a little World series, a lot of basketball. It's all next. It's The Bill Simmons Podcast.


Presented by FanDuel Football is in full action. FanDuel's highest rated sports book is the best place to bet it all. We've been doing pretty well. I million dollar picks this year. I love the first month of the season because you have to go into the season thinking. I think Pittsburgh's gonna be good. I think the Chargers are gonna be good. I think Seattle's gonna be good. And then trying to back what you think in those first few weeks. And then zag the other way. if you were wrong, you could bid on new and fun markets on FanDuel. Like to catch a pass. Same game parlay, highest scoring game across the Sunday Slate Offensive tds. The next drive. They have so much stuff, it's crazy. The app is safe and scary and easy to use. And when you win you'll get paid instantly. Plus, look out for FanDuel Squares this season. Here's what you have to do. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one Sportsbook The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available. And listen to the end of the episode for additional details. You must be 21 plus and President in select states gambling problem called win hundred gambler or visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to by Michelob ULTRA. The NBA is back. And you know what that means? So is Mick Loeb ULTRA courtside. It gets fans closer to the game, the stories, the players, the celebrations, and it's a pretty damn good beer. Stock up your fridge with Michelob ULTRA and be ready for the big plays all season long. Learn negative. Get closer to the action by visiting Michelob ULTRA dot com slash courtside. Michelob b ULTRA Superior access Courtside 24 25 sweepstakes. No purchase necessary. Open to us residence 21 plus begins on 10. 1 24 goes through 7 1 25. Visit mlo b ULTRA dot com slash courtside for free. Entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules void were prohibited.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. We finished up Scary month for the re watchable with Halloween four, the return of Michael Myers. It was me and Van Lathan and Chris Ryan. We had a lot of laughs. I know it's a scary movie, but it's also an unintentionally hilarious movie and, and we laughed a lot. you can watch it on The Ringer movies, YouTube page because we put the whole video up there. We have a lot of videos going up there, including the Halloween episode that Chris Ryan and I did is gonna be going up later this week. you can watch all the videos and clips from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. Coming up on this podcast. John Dsky is gonna talk World Series with me after the Dodgers blew it.


They could have swept the Yankees. They did not. The Yankees fought and they survived. They forced the game five or, and talk about the World Series, the state of the New York sports scene with JJ and then Kurt Goldsberry came on and we talked a lot of basketball. This is not an overreactions of the first week. Just things that jumped out to us. Developments, things of note and, and that is the heart of this podcast. One of the things we talked about was the nuggets. 'cause we were both very concerned about what we had seen from the Nuggets. We did it before the Nuggets Nets game tonight. And after watching that game as I watched the World Series at the same time, that did not really change my opinion on my concerns about the Nuggets.


They barely outlasted a Brooklyn team in overtime. They got 22 points from Westbrook off the bench. And it's honestly hilarious to watch 'em on this Nuggets team. I texted Illa and House that it's like watching Shane Gillis stumble into a Daniel Day Lewis movie. It's this nugget team that has all this ball movement and precision and you know, they're just surgically picking apart teams. Then Westbrook comes in like he shot out of a cannon. He's actually pretty good tonight, but it was not opposed to mean facing it and talking shit and you know, anything he gives them is a bonus. But the, the fact that they needed him just to take Brooklyn to overtime, not a great sign.


So Kirk and I broke a lot of that down with the nuggets, what we're seeing and all the other teams that that we were just kind of intrigued by. So that's Coming up. Speaking of Denver, I'm coming to town to watch the Nuggets and see Yoic in person in Denver, which I've never seen. I'm bringing Silla with me. And we're gonna do a live show when we're in town. That's right, it's gonna be in December. The Bill. Simmons Podcast will be live in Denver on Wednesday, December 4th. We'll be at the Fillmore Auditorium and you can join us. Tickets go on sale this Friday, November 1st, 10:00 AM Mountain Time. All information will be on The Ringer dot com slash events page.


We hope to see you there. I can almost guarantee we're gonna have a special guest. But Illa loves Denver. He's gonna be in a great mood. I love Yage. I'm gonna be in a great mood. I love Colorado. So does Racc. Can't wait. So December 4th live show. See you there. All right, let's start the podcast. JJ coming in first. Our friends from Pro Jam.


All right, taping this 1140 Eastern Time. John Rinky, AKA jj, my friend, is in New York City right now. Refused to go to game four. Abandoned the Yankees, abandoned them, left them on the side of the road like a stray dog. And they went and they kept the World Series alive and they beat the Dodgers. They killed them. Actually it was a bullpen pitching game for the Dodgers. This new 2000 twenties way of how we do World Series games. I still really enjoyed myself. jj, have you started to talk yourself into 2004 A LCS? The bizarro version Revenge.


Come back Billy. Don't let us get hot. Don't let us get one. Don't let us get one. Look, you're selling me out here, which is a little unfair. I was at game three. I am bringing our esteem producer Stefan, who helps me out all the time with New York, New York for Game five. And I did a good deed. I didn't want to go to three straight games. I let my mom and dad go to their first ever World Series game and I get the good karma of the Yankees avoiding the 1976 Sweep, which was their World Series hiatus from seven, what was it, 64 to 76? Yeah. They put a big red machine, they get absolutely smoked. They needed to show some pride tonight. They needed to go out and show me a little bit of fight.


And I don't care if it's a bullpen game, I don't care who the Dodgers were throwing, we get the result in New York that we desired at least for putting off elimination for another day. A lot of people, your your Game three podcast has only been up for 24 hours. A lot of people are saying it's the saddest content that's been produced since Manchester by the Sea, the Casey Uck movie. I don't know, you were really in a dark place after game three And you've seen me in a dark place before. I mean, I was superimposed on your couch during Wild Card weekend after the Dolphins played in what, negative 20 degrees. Yeah. Like I think you've heard me and we're in our text thread with Jacko where I get very angry and ticked off after these games.


That's the way I felt after game one when the manager decides to keep Tim Hill in the bullpen and goes to Nesta Cortez, which was managerial malpractice. But yeah, game three was just said like the new Yankee Stadium bill doesn't have the same energy that the old place once did. Yeah. That said 30 minutes before the game. Which never happens because you have all these corporate seats, the legends, the whole deal. 30 minutes before the game, everybody was in their seat. Mm. Everybody's there for introductions. Everybody's there. When Jeter's throwing out the first pitch, the place was ready to go berserk for game three and it just went right out the window when future first ballot Hall of Famer, Freddie Freeman said, see you later.


And it was the minute the ball was hit, you knew it was gone. And the Yankees were dead to rights. And I wondered if we were gonna get the same thing in game four when, oh by the way they pitched the Freddie Freeman, which if the Yankees are smart, stop pitching to this guy. I know Te Oscar Hernandez is good. I know the Dodgers got a bunch of dudes. You cannot let Freddy Freeman beat you when he is got home runs now in six consecutive world series games. Yeah. But they fall behind. They get off the mat. And how about Volpi, who has been much maligned, big Yankee prospect didn't have a big regular season, but he is been solid in the postseason. But when he has that base running gaff and he doesn't score Yes. I'm like, geez, this is gonna haunt him now for the off season.


Changes it with one swing and a bat. Yeah. And by the way, he probably scores anyway after the base running gaff. Right. It was bad though. It Wasn't that. Well he would've scored, but the problem was Wells would've gotten the third base. Right, right, right. And you would've had a runner on third one out and that ground ball from Verdugo, which is what he loves to do by the way. What a, what an absolute stiff that guy is. I know you hated him. You said you're gonna hate this guy. Did first month of the year, Jacko and I were talking ourselves into Verdugo. He stinks. I can't believe the Yankees are still playing him. But you know, the ground ball you hit should have tied game. He had a, he had a good at bat today when you had the lead near the end of the game. So you're down three. Nothing a sweep. I I, I gotta say I was like a pig in shit today because I'm thinking like That's why you booked me.


Who? Are we kidding? That's why you booked me. You were ready for the funeral. No, we said, we said win or lose. You're coming on. But I, I was, there was a scenario where you get swept, judge goes er again. Soto goes to the Mets, judge becomes hit or Kershaw basically and the missed their window and it's a whole winter of oh my God. And now we can't fire Boer Cashman 'cause we made the World Series. We're stuck with this team. We're not as good as we were last year. So now at least you won a game. Judge gets going with a crucial RBI up up six looking good. You mean Mr. Mr. June? You mean Mr. June, Mr. June, Mr.


Of six. You See, did you see the picture by the way, in Los Angeles of Winfield and Aaron Judge standing literally right next to each other around the cage? Yeah. Mr. May and Mr. June. Dude, Mr. May. Maybe It's like a paint thing. Maybe it's like taller slugger people but Smoltz, he had that hit and Smoltz was like, maybe that'll get him going. But you know, sometimes that does happen where these meaningless games and somebody can kind of relax and unlock a tiny bit. I don't know. Hey, yes, tomorrow you've got Cole versus Flaherty and all the Red Sox fans that I'm on the text thread with are like, fuck, this is going back to LA now. 'cause Flaherty can't be cool. I'm not as, I'm not as sold. I cool. So Flaherty, it's interesting because in the NLCS against the Mets, he threw a gem in game one.


He was in the exact situation that he is gonna be in in game five up three to one. And Im Mets pounded him. Alonzo hit a home run in the first inning. He was outta the game in the second and the third inning, he had nothing. I think Flaherty can go either way. Here's the thing with Cole and I know I'm gonna come on the New Yorkers making excuses for the ace of the staff. He's not a hundred percent right. And that's why in game one, you've Been saying that for a while, by the way, He's not, 'cause he's not missing bats, he's kind of grinding it through. Like I'm not gonna be surprised at the end of this year if something is announced with Cole, I don't know how serious it might be, but he's kind of gutting this out. Like that's why, what was it, seventh inning, they basically went out to the mound.


Boone didn't yank him right away. They kind of conversed when he was only at what, like 85 or 90 pitches when I'm like, wow that is, this is a quick hook. I don't know if you are getting vintage virtuoso coal, but he needs to give you six strong. That to me is the pathway for the Yankees to win a game. Six strong Kaley who's good against lefties, who you didn't see tonight. And then your buddy Luke Weaver who you could have had in your fantasy league Who 21 pitches tonight. He's got a little bit of a screw loose. Which I like. I think you kind of need that if you're gonna be a successful closer. The guy was a failed starter. He was solid in the Yankee bullpen all year, but then kind of got that role in September and it's kind of hit the ground running.


He was nails tonight Simmons. Those were big, big outs. He got for him The case for a possible comeback. You you, you couldn't have gotten a worse judge performance so far. Maybe he can actually carry and if he does anything in game five, the crowd's gonna go outta their mind. But then Ohtani is officially not looking right. You know, and Freeman kind of switched bodies with Ohtani in a lot of ways and he's, he's been crushing it. But if Freeman cools off at all with the way Tani looks, all of a sudden that Dodger lineup becomes a little more palatable. And I also wonder like is there some weird karma from the, the fans that interfered inter interfered with bookie bets by The way that guys Are now legends.


That Was one of the worst interferences I've ever seen in my life. 'cause watching it live, what's the word? What was worse? And the they punch Mookie in the face. How that Been worse? The guy literally is like sticking his fingers in the glove and you can tell Mookie's like, dude, just get get the fuck off me man. Get the fuck off me. Yeah, but listen, here's the problem. There's a pathway for the Yankees getting this back to la. I think that's verifiable. I think it's very feasible. Yankees hit at home getting a little bit more confidence with the bats. Volpe Wells down at the bottom of the order and Flaherty being off this game. The problem I have thinking down the road, Rodan against the Dodger lineup and you were a game two, he does not match up well. Yeah and I think he's mentally weak.


I don't trust him at all. And the Yankees have seen Yamamoto twice. I went to the Friday night game in the regular season. He mowed him. You went to the game game two on Saturday night, he mowed him. That is not a game where I say, wow, the Yankees are set up for success. However, if they get there, I'll take my chances. Why not? Can I get there? Can I get that? I may actually get on the plane Friday if well join the Yankees, they might let me on the charter. You never know. I'll tell you, somebody's been in the spot as a fan, jj, when you're down three nothing and you feel like, oh hope is gone. And then you steal that fourth game and then all of a sudden that fifth game and then you're hopping on a plane.


That pressure for the home team in that game six is pretty intense. That was the famous game where Arod slapped a royal. Oh I was there. You don't have to tell me. I was in the right field bleachers. And this is pre cellphone, this is pre Twitter. So being in crummy seats at the old Yankee stadium, even though I love the right field bleachers, there was nothing like it. One of the most rowdy places you'll ever watch a game. Nobody knew that Arod slapped the ball. And as you know, as a diehard red sock fan and somebody who filmed a documentary on the 2004 A LCS, they had two replay reviews before replay reviews were a thing. Yeah. I mean they, they didn't do this in baseball. They did it on the Bellhorn play down the left field line.


And then everyone at Yankee Stadium is like, wow, this is, this is how the Red Sox are gonna lose this year with Arod slapping a ball. Because in the outfit you're thinking he just ran right into him. Yeah. And we know unfortunately how that went. But when was it for you that you start because you had 86 years. It is your father, your all the history of New England. When was the moment for you? It wasn't in game four. I don't believe it was in game four. When did you start to believe Game five? At some 0.5. Because it was an epic game. That was an game. But maybe because I was like almost my nervous system was shutting down. But by the time we got to game six, when that review happened of the eight rod play, that was where the 86 years of history comes in.


Where of course they're gonna review it and decide it's, oh no it's fine. And then the Yankees get the play. And that's just how it goes with the Red Sox that that brought back like Ed Arm Brister and Carlton Fisk, like all the shit from the past. And when that went the Red Sox way, it became one of those. Oh okay. But I mean the way we were running through pitchers in those four games, you just felt you never felt safe. Even when we had that huge lead in game seven didn't feel safe. 'cause we just, we had put so much miles on the pitching staff, which I think you're gonna be in the same situation if this keeps going because you're gonna need 40 pitches from, from lighter and from Weaver every game.


And that's just the way it's gonna go. if you win four straight it, They have an off day. If they could ever win game five. And if I'm not mistaken, the red stocks and the Yankees did not have An off day. No, because we had the rain. The rain before game three. Yeah. And I remember that game was an afternoon game, game five. It was like a four or five o'clock game. I remember I ran a track, meet Hustled Home, watched the game. It was like four, five o'clock Simmons. The game was going until like 11 30, 12 o'clock. And then the Red Sox were all giddy. They chugging their Jack Daniels and the Yankees had no pitching. Yeah. That was the dirty little secret for the Yankees. After Mac it in game five, they had Libra who was okay, but game seven it was either the corpse of Kevin Brown who was a stiff.


Yeah. And then they're going to vast kids outta the bullpen. 'cause Duque was hurt. Duque getting hurt was a huge underrated factor that cost the Yankees that serious. But yeah, that's, it's problematic. But the off day get length at a call, find a way and then hey, put all the pressure on The Dodgers. Oh, I love to hope that, so this is like, but this is even better than a sweep that you got sucked back in after your Manchester by the C Podcast. I, it beats the alternative. I, I'd rather have the hope and be sucked in going to a game than getting swept. I mean it got swept by the Astros two years ago and it was like, it felt different 'cause it was like put me outta my misery. I know I'm gonna sound like a spoiler rotten Yankee fan. That's fine.


I'm gonna do that. 15 years not gonna to the World Series Bill's a long time. There's 20 year olds that don't remember Yankees World Series. You will not believe. So I, I did a show Saturday night after the Yankees clinched dependent. And I had so many young Yankee fans calling in Yankee fans are like under the age of 27 that were just like head over heels. So giddy and so excited. 'cause they're like, jj, you don't get it. Yeah. We don't know what this feels like. The last time we were in the World Series there Yankee fans, I was six, I was seven, I was eight. I'm like, right dude, you guys are making, as someone that lived through the whole nineties and the two thousands and now I'm getting up there in age, it kind of made me feel old Bill.


I'm not gonna lie man. It's like when you talk to the Dolphin fans who remember the last time they went a playoff game. Well Marc Smith, 1994, No 2001. Thanks. Thanks. 2001. It was the idiot liquored up kicker game with Van Acts. Oh yeah, that's right. Paid Manning Dolphins and Field. Were beating paid Manning may never see another one again. What, On a scale of one to 10, how much do New York Yankee fans like this Yankee team? Like a Seven. It's somewhere in the, it's somewhere in the middle. I, I think they're never gonna be in love with management. And I think it's kind of, for those of you who watch The Simpsons, you know when Mr. Burns puts the sign up in Homer's office, don't forget you're here forever.


Yeah. That's kind of how they feel with Cashman and Boone. They're here forever. And now that they've gone to World Series, you don't love it. It's Another four years At least. No guaranteed e every bit of it. But the Yankee fan loves Soto. Not likes, loves Soto. They like Cole. They want judge to be the man. And I think everything about Aaron Judge is amazing. He's a great dude. He's a great leader. All the kids wanna be him. He's performed in the regular season. But I think he's the guy now that whenever this goes south, he's gonna get his MVP award. You know he is gonna be doing the media tour in a month from now, but if he does not have another moment or two in this postseason, it's gonna be such a classic.


Yeah. But yeah. And that, yeah. But would only go up times 1 million if he's not teammates with Juan Soto. I think Bill, if the Yankees resigned Juan Soto in the off season. 'cause there's this angst, the Mets weren't a serious player for judge because Cohen got the team. I think he wanted to play nice with Hal. They were, they were never really in on Judge. Yeah. They will be really in on Soto. They're gonna offer Soto 550, $600 million. It's gonna be an outrageous contract. And what choice do the Yankees have? You're gonna let this guy who's 25 and is a future hall of famer as a hitter.


Yeah. Leave when you're not trying to win a championship. So I gave you a long-winded answer. The Yankee fan I think is gonna like this team that much more once they know Soto is gonna be a part of it for years to come. I think there's that angst at the moment. I think the Dodgers have to be considered to be in play for Soto too, right? I can't see it man. They have all that Tani money deferred. It's basically like they have money to spend right now on somebody. But if they win the World Series this year Yeah. If we're living in a world where they, they go and they win the World Series, are they gonna have that sense of urgency? I kind of get the sense that Boris, that that was the John Hayman story. Kind of feel like Boris leaked that.


Oh did he Planter Rooney? Yeah. Oh I do. I think it's like, hey, everyone's saying Yankees Mets, come on Johnny. Go. Go drum up the Dodger. Interest in Suto. I'd be, Stu Giants to me are more feasible because they're desperate. The Giants have not gotten a big free agent forever. They missed out on Aaron Judge. I'd be more worried about them than the Dodgers personally. So I heard the vibe the like hour and a half to an hour to a half hour before the game today was the, the vibe was weird in the stadium. What is game five gonna be like now that Oh I had far more energetic. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause you're coming off a win. Like I don't expect a vibe in any stadium to be good if you're down three. Oh I mean you've been in a ton of buildings where you're down three.


Oh what do you, the idea, what do you expect The fan to be? Well, we had in oh four. In oh four, the vibe was we don't wanna get fucking swept. That's the way I felt tonight. And then yeah, don't get swept, Get swept. Don't get swept. But I, I don't think anybody had illusions of, if we get this three more, it was just like they, they beat us 19 eight in game three and it was like, please don't get swept, don't get embarrassed. These guys beat us last year. Let's not get swept. And then it just kind of builds from there. But that's the, that's the genesis of it. And the problem for me with the Yankees, you guys are so bad at certain things that are these key essential playoff baseball things like the base running and defense and you know, the manager, the Fundamentals.


No They're awful. It's just like basic shit. you need to just keep winning playoff rounds and you're just kind of winning despite all of these things as I keep watching. And it would just, it would just be weird if that was a World Series team that makes this many like self-inflicted mistakes, conflicting mistakes. I think it's totally fair. And listen, it was very costly in game one. I know the decision that Boone made going to Cortez is something that I roasted him on for an hour and a half and it's, it was horrible. It's as bad as it gets. But it should have never gotten to that point. Soto who I love and I wanna resign him and I give him a zillion dollars. He's a butcher in the outfield. Yeah. The idea that he was nominated for a gold glove is an absolute force.


How can anybody watch that guy and tell me he's a gold glove caliber outfielder. Kik Hernandez hit a ball game. One should have been a double, he missed plays into a triple. Yeah. And then in the eighth inning they scored the tying run because go be Tores. Who I gotta be fair, he is been very good this postseason. He had a big home run tonight. He's done a good job in a lead off spot. His baseball IQ stinks. Whether it's in the field, whether it's on the bases. This is something that has drove Yankee fans crazy for the last five years. He doesn't block a ball and yeah, you're right. Like they run the bases terribly. They're an average defensive team. They have some really good defenders. Yeah. Like it's not that they're all butchers, like Rizzo is a very good first baseman. Volpe defensively is a very good shortstop.


You Could throw out base runners. Yeah. Wells Behind a Point is a good catcher. And I give Chisholm a lot of credit. He's never played third base before. Yeah. And they literally traded for him and said, Hey, you're the third baseman. And it's not been perfect, but he hasn't made a total ass of himself. Right. But yeah, that's not a team from like a base running fundamentals baseball IQ standpoint that you say, wow, that looks like a World Series winner. Totally fair. So you've had this pod with us for like three, four years. I can't even remember at least three, right? 2011. 2011. 2021. 2021. Yeah. Yeah. So this New York stretch has, this has been by far the most fun stretch of the pod, but where does it rank like last 25 years for New York sports with all the shit going on.


Because even the teams like you have the Jets who are two and six but have been like a content machine. You have the Giants who have the hard knocks that the unintentional communists through the roof. They're the owner claims. He is not getting rid of the coach in the gym, but he probably is. You have the Knicks with all the big trades. You have the Nets basically gutting their team and trying to go for a track. Like it's just everywhere. And you have the Mets making the run everywhere you look. There's like New York storylines, which is kind of what we were hoping when we launched the pod, right? I mean this is like the Nirvana. So I always was jealous of our buddy Francis and Doggy.


Yeah. That they got to live through the late nineties where they got the Knicks with Riley and the Van Gundy. Right. The Yankees dynasty. The Mets with Piazza. And I'm like, when am I gonna get that in my career? Because I go back to 20, 20 11 is when I started doing radio. So I've been doing stuff in the market for a decade. Been doing the PO here with The Ringer for three and a half years doing tv. This has been my favorite time as a sports professional in New York City. It's not even Cost Bill, it's not even close. You had the Yankees in the World Series, you had the Mets come outta nowhere, absolute nowhere. Double digit games under 500, winning the playoffs to get in the playoffs on a final day of the year. And like the most dramatic way imaginable.


Whi Linor then Alonso in the Wild card, they're down in their last out and he hits a home run to go and give him the lead. And you get a crazy grimace. OMG, all that stuff. The Knicks are the most fun they've been since the Patrick Ewing days. Not that I'm a big hockey guy, but the Rangers were in the cup final. And you're right, the football team's, as crummy as they may be, it always seems to be something. So yeah, full circle, this is the most enjoyable like 12 month run I've had doing New York sports content as a broadcaster, as good as it gets. Just wait until the Giannis Knicks trade rumors start as soon as OGs contract is tradable and now you all of sudden, you sudden you got little towns and Oog for Giannis in a contract and all that and that that momentum starts.


Talk to your buddy Doc about that one. Try to make that one happen. Yeah. It might be happening if they keep looking like absolute crap. All right. So predictions. When do the Yankees get bounced? Like they're gonna Get it back? No, I'm gonna be honest. I'm gonna be very honest. They're gonna get it back to California and lose game six. Okay. I think they will have a moment with Cole. Maybe Judge actually has a moment. What a concept that would be. They'll get the off day. I'll really start to believe and Rodan will get shelved for seven runs. That's my prediction. Dodgers and six. So game tomorrow, off day, 24 hours of Hype Hope.


Are you gonna go to la Well, I don't wanna miss it. This happened 20 years ago, blah blah, blah. And then, I mean, even making it to a game six has never happened on World Series history. We've had 21 teams just finish the sweep three got it to game five and then, and then won it. And no team has been down three, nothing even gotten to game six. So that's not nothing, but not something you'll be telling your grandkids about either. No, I get that. But they'll save some face this team, at least if they're down three Oh and they get it back to la like I I, I'm not saying it'll be easy to stomach, but it won't diminish the achievement. And I know the bar has been lowered considerably in Yankee land, like getting to the World Series Now You're not gonna say this, are you?


They haven't made the World Series in 15 years. Ask Jacko. He came on with you last week. Wow. I know. I don't think you understand how bad it's been for Yankee standards here. He's called it an achievement to make the World Series though the New York Yankees. It's, it's step in the right direction. 20, I can't say 27 World Series. Yeah. I can't say It's a failed. And unlike the Lakers, you don't cheat and count like titles from other Cities. Minnesota Titles. Yeah, you can Minnesota titles, You can, but like, it's a, you can't say it's a failed season, can you? No. You made the World Series. That's what I mean. That's, I I'm not saying that I'm pumping my chest saying Yeah, AAL pennant aal chance. Well That's great. 'cause now that I, now I know that the 2003 losing to Florida, I guess was now a, a huge success By the way, that World Series bothers me so much and it never gets talked about.


That 2003 World Series made me so sick to my stomach. David Wells outta shape not being able to pitch in game five. And they all, we were, we were hung over from the Red Sox finish the damn series. He lost it to Florida Marlins, I see Beckett with a water of everyone killed McKeen. He started Beckett on three days rest in game six. Everyone was like, are you nuts? This is the dumbest managerial move ever. He throws a complete game. Shutout in McKeen is smoking cigars on the Yankee Stadium field. So listen, let's, let's get to tomorrow. That's, that's where I'm focused. Simmons Tomorrow. The most shocking Yankees one was when the Diamondbacks actually beat Rivera. I think that's the most shocked I've ever been by a baseball game that somebody could actually make Rivera just get winning runs off of Rivera when he was at the all time invincible un hittable and, and just even as it was happening, it was like, I just can't believe what I'm watching right now.


And that was when Soriano in the eighth inning hit a ball off of Kurt Shilling. The ball was literally at his ankles, hits the home run, gives the Yankees the lead. Yeah. Like, holy shit, they're going to win again. But they got so outplayed in that series, like they won Game four last, last out, game five last out. Be young, young Kim remember him melting down on the Yankee stadium mound. Well that was the thing. They had the melting down closer and you also had all the nine 11 stuff that it just felt like it was Team Destiny. Inevitable. Yeah. Inevitable. Yeah. Until it wasn't. And then all a sudden and Rivera on the mound, three more outs and we're done. And I, I just, I my jaw was dropped and even I, as much as I hate the Yankees, was kind of semi rooting for the net.


Yeah, That was one you would been okay with. You would've been Okay with that one. It really was. I I really, I got caught up a little bit like the, the, the, the two comebacks, the Brosius and Tino and you know, it was cool. I thought the city really needed it. They did. And that game five no better sporting event I've ever attended. Pretty great. And that includes include six overtime. Game doesn't get better than that. JJ John Greski, who hosted New York, New York podcast. Hope you're listening to it. As well as The Ringer Gambling Show and The Ringer Sunday Pre-game show, which we do on Sundays with the because and with House and with Raheem. Who knows. I might even make a stop by this week. You want some advice? Unload your mortgage on Buffalo against Miami this week.


I I don't care how ratty it might be. Wow. Have you Buffalo Miami. You know what's gone on the last 10 years? Come on. Easy money. Alright Jj, good to see you. Worst of luck, bill with the ins. I know. Thanks bud.


The Bill Simmons Podcast is presented by FanDuel. If you're in need of a midweek boost, FanDuel America's number one sports book has you covered with the NBA Hump Day Parlays rewards stack. Now every Wednesday you can get parlay profit Boost on everything from spreads to over unders and even player props. I'm trying to get them to bring back the BS boost. So we'll see. I'm gonna tweet out some sort of boost, pick something on my Twitter feed on Wednesday. Stay tuned for that. Don't let the weekend have all the fun. Take advantage of the Hump Day parlays reward stack. Who knows, it might become your favorite day. Look for it on the FanDuel app to find your profit boost or visit FanDuel dot com slash bs. That is FanDuel dot com slash bs. You'll see it there. Make every moment more of FanDuel. An official sports book partner of the NBA must be 21 plus president. Select states are 18 plus and President DC Opt-in required bonus issued as done, which all will profit Boost tokens restrictions apply including any token expiration C terms at sportsbook FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to by Mick Loeb. ULTRA the N b's back. And you know what that means? So is Mick Loeb ULTRA courtside. It gets fans closer to the game, the stories, the players, the celebrations, and it's a pretty damn good beer. Stock up your fridge with Mick Low Belcher and be ready for the big plays all season long. Learn negative. Get closer to the action by visiting mick low cher.com/courtside. Mick low bal ULTRA superior access courtside 24 25 sweepstakes. No purchase necessary open to us residents. 21 plus begins on 10. 1 24 goes through 7 1 25. Visit mick locher.com/courtside for free Entry. Entry D deadlines and official rules. Void. We're prohibited.


Alright, we're taping this for all the Tuesday NBA games. Kurt Goldsberry is here. you need some sort of gimmick for us. Like the professor, what do you wanna be? I'm a professor. Yeah, I like that. Let's do that. I am technically a professor here at the University of Texas, so maybe that's not even a gimmick, but I like it. Well I like it for the pod. Like the professor is here, we wanna talk NBA. We've had a week not counting tonight's games. You know, everybody does like overreactions and to me it's more of a trying to stay calm and noticing things that have jumped out of the TV to me one way or the other. So we're gonna get into a whole bunch of that. But I just asked you come up with five things.


It could be any list you want. You wanted to do five important developments even though we're only one week in. But the thing is, what is, what is the season? Like 25 weeks, 26 weeks. Yeah. I was trying to think. Yeah, I was trying to think about that In the NFL terms. They have 17 weeks now. I feel like we have to have like 30 weeks or something. So yeah. Whatever it is. I mean the thing about overreactions, you can see some things that go, ooh, like Denver's bench is like, ugh. Anyway, five important developments. Start us off. What do you wanna hit first? Well, you just started us off. I have the Denver Nuggets. Bill Simmons, the Denver Nuggets might be in big trouble.


That's my first development and I think it has a lot to do with something I wouldn't have predicted with any Nicole Yoki team just a few years ago. And that's their shooting numbers. They, they rank 28 in effective field goal percentage. You mentioned they're very thin. I think they're particularly thin when it comes to one emerging skill in pro basketball, which is shooting three point shots. Yeah, they, they let KCP go famously. This is after letting Jeff Green and, and Bruce Brown get away Previous to that. And then of course they imported Russell Westbrook to a team that already ranked, they ranked last in three point attempts last season.


So here we are with Westbrook on that team. And the numbers maybe shouldn't have surprised us, but the Russell Westbrook thing especially has been a debacle in the 58 minutes he's played, they have a net rating of negative 30 and in 91 minutes he hasn't played. They're plus 11, which is a lot more nuggets like. So that's my first one. I mean this is a team that a lot of us thought could compete for the championship and certainly early. It doesn't look like they have the offense to do that. Yeah, it's a respect for, you know, the stuff they've done in the last few years. Respect for the fact that they have one of the three or four best players in the league, depending where you wanna put 'em. You could put 'em first.


We, when we did the over under odds, I ended up going over, did not feel great about it. It was really just a respect for Yoic thing. But you know, when, when the over under was, I think it was 51 and a half, something like that, as we were like a month away from the season, it seemed really high with all the things that were in flux. What's interesting though, every single thing that was in flux or ah, I'm a little worried about this, or eh, what if that doesn't, it feels like they're nine for nine with it going the wrong way against them. Right. Murray looks okay. He doesn't look like the Murray from, you know, two years ago. Porter does not look the same.


Gordon, the shooting thing becomes even more drastic when nobody can shoot all the guys. They were counting on off on the bench of the world players. I don't really think any of their shots are gonna go in like Brown had that big shot in the overtime game last night in the corner wide open. I didn't think it was going in. And then you see Yoic having to take this huge offensive burden now where he is 40 40 both nights. That's not who he wants to be. No, no. It's almost like those LeBron teams in Cleveland where he had nothing the first time he was in Cleveland. He can do that, but he's not put on this earth to do that. He is put on his earth to to, to make everybody else around him better. And they're really sort of Peter principally Christian Brown.


He's, he's, he's being promoted to this level of expectation that it, it is not suited for him. And again, it goes back to this front office not being able to build a a, a really deep bench around somebody, I would say is the best player in the world right now, particularly on offense. So I think this is a failure for a, a front office to build particularly spacing around this offensive savant. A guy that almost beat team USA single-handedly in the Olympics this summer. Bill. Yeah. And, and we show up. Yeah. Jamal Murray's not who he used to be. Michael Porter Jr's off to a slow start. Aaron Gordon's never been a floor spacer.


So what do you do around that? You gotta find shooting and they just haven't done it. And in fact they did the opposite by importing probably the most infamous jump shooter of our time in Russell Westbrook. And, and it's been, it's been woeful and it's been really harsh to see. And so I just don't think they're a contender with this, this, with this group we've seen in week one, It really bums me out and they've taken some swings because on the one hand you could call them a little cheap for having, I think he's the best poor in the world. I would also understand if somebody else wanted to really make a strong Luca case, whatever, but I, I still think Yoic has the belt. But you know, they gave, Zeke Najee gave him this four year deal, right?


That he's making 9 million a year. You look even like how do they fix this? It's really hard to make trades with them, you know. 'cause I thought like the, the trade that made the most sense in my head right away was something with Michael Porter and Zach Levine. I was like, Zach Levine's kind of, this is a different look for them, makes 'em a little smaller, but he brings some stuff that they need. He can create his own shot. Not everything has to go through Yogi. He's a good three point shooter. He's not good defensively. But that's fine because Maybe, you offense will get so much better. It's not gonna matter. But you can't even do trade you. That's not a straight up trade that works. You have to put Zeke Naje in it. You have to use like the Bulls trade exception.


And then the question is, well why would the Bulls want Michael Porter and Zeke Najee? So I don't even really know how they make the team better. They don't have anybody in that mid-range level like that 12 to 20 million type of player that you could flip. And the bucks are in a similar position too. But I don't know what the move is to fix this, I think is a bigger issue for me. I don't see one and I don't think there, there is one coming and, and I think one of the only moves is to, to make Yoic do all of the stuff that he doesn't like to do. Specifically the three point shooting. And if you look at their three point shooting without Yoic, the numbers get even Bleecker. So I know that you've been talking a little bit about Yoic losing his three point shot in the summer.


It looks like it's back, it's unfair for this dude to also be this Steve's best floor spacer. That can't be, that can't be the answer. We can't have the guy being the best rebounder, the best playmaker and your best three point shooter. He is the MVP three of the last four years. But even that's too much to ask for Nicole at this point. Well the other thing with that, it looks good now 'cause it's, we're four games into this season, but you saw it last year, like his legs started to go during the playoffs and he, he just, the three point shot wasn't the same. He defenses are clearly like, we want you to shoot this now. Right? It's like go ahead, knock yourself out.


if you go four for 10 from there, fine, whatever we, because we we're also covering all this other stuff. But the fact that Porter hasn't gotten better and I really wonder like did the stuff that happened with his brother, like how much did that affect him? How much off court baggage is in there with how he just doesn't look the same? He's had a bunch of injuries over the years, but to me he just doesn't look like Dan dynamic. Like I would take, I really like watching the Hawks even though they're not that good. You could talk me into like four Hawks wings over Michael Porter Jr at this point. So the fact that he's just not even an impact player in any way combined with all this other stuff.


It's, I know everybody's been talking about the nuggets, but this is really important. This is one of the, this is probably the best part of his generation. I also Feel like met it cheap out. Yeah, they won Title 17 months ago, right? They won the title 17 months ago. We're gonna talk about him. They have the best player in the world according to many of us. And then one of the weirdest things I've seen is early this season is, is a head coach, you know, pining for a player that left the team Contavious called well Pope who would solve some of these problems. But he's right repeatedly mentioned this and there's some tension reportedly between the coaching staff I think and The front offs. I it's, by the way, that's not reported. I think there's definitely tension because those rumors were flying around and then right as the season starts, he comes out and is like, you know, who'd really be nice Cotus Caldwell Pope.


Like, you don't do that shit unless there's some deep rooted stuff going on. Yeah, I agree. And I'd never seen, I don't know, somebody, correct me if I'm wrong, I haven't seen a coach be like, man, we really could use that guy back like that. Just, that's just, you know, nobody does that. So I, I think there's, I think there's a revelation there that they just don't have enough pieces, particularly on that perimeter and then Michael Porter Jr's being asked to be more than he is because Contavious isn't there anymore. Right. So it's just, it's just all a symptom I I think of, of poor team building there. Yeah. Michael Porter is basically 13 and seven. He's not gonna create shots for anybody else. Right. His three point shot is gonna have a little variance to it.


Murray's at 17 a game through the three games. He did get the game time basket that sent the game to overtime last night where he looked like old school Murray a little bit. But I wonder like, do you feel when somebody's doing the same thing over and over and over and over again for years? I'm not saying the play is stoppable now, but they, we've had just had so many reps with it that the defenses at least have somewhat of a sense of what to do. And then when the shooting around Murray and Yoic together is an awesome, it just feels like not as unstoppable as it did two years ago. To me, Dude, when that ball is fallen f find in Russell Westbrook after those passing sequences, it's just not as as scary.


It's yeah, Defenses like great, there's, there's, There's another defender that doesn't really have to, you know, pay attention to the corner or to the wing than normally had to. So yeah, it's, it's a lot easier to defend when there's not contavious out there. And I know I'm beating a dead horse, but that's the thing, it's not just the possessions where they end up draining the three, it's the one where they thin you out and it's a backdoor cut for Aaron Gordon and suddenly that plays easier to defend. So yeah, I think there's these ecological impacts. But the bottom line is you're not gonna win the NBA title Bill Simmons in 2025. if you are the worst three point shooting team in the NBA, you're not gonna do it. No. And I'm not saying that's Where they going. Especi KC and Boston are in the league.


A hundred percent. And yeah, I just think it, it's a tale of two cities in terms of building a deep roster over the last two NBA championship teams. Boston has done it, right. The Brad Stevens Denver's not The other thing I wonder, so you're talking about the cronies who own multiple sports es franchises who won a team or won a title a couple years ago, right? So it's not like they're like, oh man, we gotta do whatever it takes for nuggets to win a title. They won the title. They also have a best player who is not gonna be exactly leaking stuff to reporters and doing passive aggressive shit or being like, I don't know, may may, I don't know how long I'm gonna be here if we're not committed to winning.


They're spending money, but they're not really spending money. And the people I've talked to in the league, everyone's kind of shocked that they weren't more all in on this Yage Murray window, you know? Yeah. And Caldwell Pope, there's been reports about, oh he took, you know, he, he, he basically could have had either offer, he chose the Orlando offer, but that's also one they maybe could have locked up a year ago or, or, or done a better job. But they clearly thought, no, no, our young guys can step up into that spot. He only averaged eight points a game in the playoffs last year. It just feels like they're not lavishly spending the way like the Celtics are spending right now. Maybe that's not the perfect path either Celtics are gonna be a hundred million, you know, over the luxury tax, whatever the hell it is.


But at least as a Celtics fan, I'm like, my owners give a shit they're spending, they wanna win the title again. I don't think Denver fans can say that. It certainly doesn't. And the KCP transaction, or lack thereof, I think is is a very good sort of proving point for that. And, and yeah, they just don't have the Aaron Gordon Yes. Great transaction a few years ago. Jamal Murray is slipping. Michael Porter Jr. Isn't as good as I thought he'd be at this point in his career. And and below that line of four guys that we can all picture that's, that's the exact part that the, the Celtics have gotten. Right. The Spurs used to get right that the fourth through 12.


Yeah. Because you have to have those guys and a lot of times Bill, those guys are your shooters. Those are your spacers. You mentioned the bench early. That's, that's just the exact po where they're letting Yoic in the fans down is they're just not doing fourth through 12. Right. I still love watching Yoic. I watched a lot of the game last night. This is a fascinating version of him because like if you look at the scoring title right now, and, and it, that was one of the things I wrote down. I was just like, hmm, the scoring title has Yoic and Davis near the top after a week. Yeah. I don't think that's gonna last. I think Luca's gonna end up winning it, but Cam Thomas shoots 28 times a game. Like, to, to me the scoring title could go nine directions.


I do wonder, will this be a career high for Yoic from a scoring standpoint, like, will he get to like 29 a game? Because I think he's gonna have to, If he didn't score 41 the other night against the Clippers, they were gonna be in bigger trouble than they already were and he had to score 40 for them to win an OT in Toronto, which is in exactly a juggernaut right now. Yeah. He has to do this. There's just no other options. And again, I, I think the analogy is LeBron in the, in the pre Miami era where he had to do a lot of the work as a scorer himself. So I, I think, you know, I was looking, so You're talking like Mo Williams, Antoine Jamison, wash era Shaq?


Yeah, Yeah. Drew That era. Drew was Drew Gooden. I can't remember if it was stunt team. Yeah, definitely Drew good. Yeah. So I, I think that's not a good comp. Anytime we're, we're talking about that roster for, for that player who's a very gifted player at that time in the two thousands. That's not a good comp for Calvin Booth and the, and, and the Denver Nuggets for office. Well, here's my question. And the Bucks might be Coming up as one of your other developments. Are you more worried about the Bucks or the Nuggets? Because I'm more worried about the Nuggets than the Bucks because with the box, you can at least talk yourself into a, well, when Chris Middleton comes back, they'll at least be able to defend wings.


Maybe not that great, but way better than how they're doing it right now. The Bucks problem is any guard who can get into the paint and any wing who can get in the paint can do whatever the fuck they want against the Bucks. It's like a, it's like an all you can eat buffet where, what do you wanna do? Do you wanna shoot a floater? Do you wanna get to the rim? Do you wanna do a stop? And then a step back, three y everything said you wanna post somebody up, come play the bucks. And I don't know how they fix it. They're atrocious defensively. Middleton will make it a little better. I don't know what the fix is for the nuggets. Yeah, well I think one of those two stars is more likely to ask out than the other one. So I'm going to say I'm more worried about the Milwaukee Bucks.


Okay. And that is my actually my next developing friend. Perfect. So I, if you wanna do that now, let's Do it now. Yeah, because It's, it is, it is a very similar situation, but on the opposite end of the court, I mean, just like we sort of started to associate Nicole Yoki with just offensive efficiency in a can. if you have 'em on the court, you're a top 10 offense. That's somehow not happening in Denver this year. The opposite was true I thought with Giannis and Brooke in Milwaukee, especially in the Bud era. But their defense is, is garbage right now Bill. And I think they have a good chance of starting two and five or one in six and they are losing to teams, including the Chicago Bowls.


They couldn't stop Kobe White or Zach Levine in that game. They lost to the Brooklyn Nets, which was one of the more eye-popping results of this young season then. But, but, But also not eye-popping. 'cause I was like, I, I forget what the line was but it was high for the bucks. And I'm like, man, I bet the Nets could like give the bucks a game. I just feel like anybody who has wing scores and point guards that can create are a problem for the Bucks. They should never be favored by 11 over anybody. Well then Peyton Pritchard comes out and looks like Clay Thompson against them from 2015. So You're exactly right. You nailed it. They can't stop perimeter offense, which is not Mike Budenholzer hiss era buck's team and certainly not Drew holiday's, era bucks defense last year, I think, well in Bud's last year, Milwaukee ranked number one, this is in a hi ancient history.


They ranked number one in defense two years ago. Yeah. They ranked 19 last year. That was a loss season. But early this year, they're 26. And it's, it's the nature of it. It's the open threes they're giving up. It's the drive and, and and finish from the perimeter players. It's Damien Lillard not doing his job and, and nobody covering up in rotations. The, the lack of Chris Middleton is, is being felt to some extent, but this is an Eastern conference that's less forgiving than it has been. And I'm pretty worried about the Milwaukee Bucks because I've also heard some intel that the vibes aren't great there either with some of their top tier talent and you know, I don't know if it's Giannis or Damien or Chris or whatever the bottom line is, they might start one in six and their defense might be bottom 10.


And that's not a recipe for, for long-term success. And the big picture question, did they just get passed by a couple teams? Like I watched that Orlando Indiana game last night, which I, I wanna talk about at some point as we're talking here. And those teams are just really young and really athletic and have multiple options and really fun lineups they can put together. And they're built around guys who can create shots and if Paolo's going to keep doing what he's doing, I just like Orlando Ceiling more than Milwaukee as a regular season team, much less a playoff team. I, we talked about it before the season when we did the over under pod and I brought up Gianni Strad stuff a couple times and I think people thought I was being a dick about it.


This is stuff that's been going around for a year and yeah, they can deny it. He can deny it. But it comes down to the basic premise of the guy wants to compete for titles and if he doesn't feel like everything around him is title worthy, at some point he's gonna go to a place that he wants to compete that he'll be able to compete for titles. I look at this Bucks team and I, and it's really hinging on Middleton who hasn't been a hundred percent healthy in three years. Right. And who's 33 years old, they have an old team in general and now you're putting all this pressure on the Middleton piece, which it can't be ruled out.


But I wouldn't bet on it. And I love what you said with Sal the other day about are, are LeBron and Tom Brady sort of deforming our ideas of aging curves? You know, like have they, they there are these two examples of just once in a generation competitors that also just broke aging curves. And, and Chris Middleton's a great example. This is a normal 33, 30 4-year-old season. Like there's gonna be this Brooke Lopez is getting up there like under normal situa circumstances we would, we would be ready for this. And I think age is a big factor. By the way, Damien Lillard not exactly a young player anymore. I I think this is an old basketball team and, and you've studied this for years, they don't do well, especially aging guards like Damien Lillard.


Yeah. This is not unusual to see this exact thing happen. And I hate trade demand stuff. I hate trade demand gossip. But that intel is out there, folks. The the honest stuff is out there. Leave it to other people to talk about the, the deals and stuff like that. But you're exactly right. I think there's a world where, where this, he's the next big domino to drop in in that kind of trade demand, you know, immediately. And I think The Knicks, the Knicks were waiting on it last year and then he ended up doubling down. They d they did the Dame trade and I think they had to audible the other stuff they had planned. I also wouldn't rule the Knicks out long term with Giannis to begin with.


Right. Like they have the towns piece that would work as the contract. I don't, I went through all the teams again. I was on a text thread with some friends talking about it today and I don't really know what the team is. If you're talking about titles, which we talked about when we did the over under pod last month, there's not like the perfect fit. But I know that dude doesn't wanna be irrelevant and just like little shit like him not being on the Christmas Day game, it's not nothing. Right. You're not on one of the 10 most interesting teams in the league anymore. Also, you don't really have a chance. Doesn't seem like to win a title unless there's some some roster changes. But the Dame, the one thing with this is the Dame thing I feel like was pretty predictable.


'cause the, yeah, this, he had stopped playing defense for a few years and then the Middleton just him getting hurt three years in a row. Like he hasn't been healthy since that 2021 playoffs. So, and they missed on some draft picks, which is the other piece of this. The Celtics did a good job with a couple of their fringe guys that they found Hauser Cornet Pritchard. Like guys that even the Toman trade last year, guys they can plug in who can eat some innings for them. Dude. And the Bucks haven't found that. It's so funny you bring that up. 'cause I remember in 2022, may of 2022, not not ancient history sitting at, at TD before that Grant Williams game.


Right. And you think back to that and I remember talking to people around me and being like, it feels like we're gonna watch these two teams play big playoff games for the entire decade. Yeah. Doesn't it? And it just felt like that, like that was just a rivalry. We were gonna get start the thing. And, and, and what did Brad Stevens do in the last few years? He turned Grant Williams and and Time Lord and Smart and Brogden into this new, deeper than ever basketball team that won the championship. And and Milwaukee's kind of gone the other way in that same time period. Right. And I I I just, it just doesn't feel right in they're old. And the other thing about the Damian deal, much like the Beal deal is that paralyzes your ability to, to trim around the edges, to to totally.


To build small pieces around there. That that's a big number. And in this new CB bill, nobody wants to talk about the, the nerdy stuff. Just know that it's really hard to build a team when you have one of these $60 million players on your cap. Right. And the Celtics got off two guys when their value was probably higher than who they were as players. Right. Grant and most importantly Marcus Smart, who I think had a lot of miles on him, they sniffed it out. Everyone went nuts when they traded him. I I was probably on the side of people defending it 'cause I was just like, I just think he's hitting maybe a different point in his career and yeah, you know, he gets hurt last year, which is Fluke, but this year you watch him and it's, it's, it's not the Marcus smartphone three, four years ago.


This is the shit that happened. So one of the buck's mistake was they moved on. It feels like the wrong guy, right? They used Drew, they basically Drew became the fall guy for the two disappointed playoff performances and then they kept the rest of the nucleus and maybe they would've been better off. I dunno, Coming up with a different plan. It's hard to rule out Giannis. He still wanna just like, it's hard to rule out Yoic, but, but dude, Yeah, I think they, yeah. So they lost the one eight series and Miami just destroyed Drew Holiday. I mean Jimmy Butler did, did do a lot of damage to JR Holiday in that series. And, and Milwaukee Overreacted. I mean, I'm a Spur guy.


You know that Spurs lost an eight one series at some point during their run to Memphis. They lost in Memphis. Everybody Remembers that. Memphis. Yeah. It was in 2011. Did they fire pop? Did they trade Tony? No. Yeah, they didn't do that stuff. They said, God that sucked. Like we, we, we got our asses kicked, let's get better and come back next year. They didn't overreact and I think Milwaukee Time, you know, they did. Isn't that they did the George Hill trade that year for Hawaii. That was their overreaction was they traded their fifth best player, not their second best player. But yeah, I don't think that's gonna age well that, that period, because Giannis was hurt in that series too. And it's like, okay guys, that's, you're not gonna win the championship every year. Like even the Spurs dynasty, they won five out of like 16 chances.


Like, you're not gonna do it. You're not gonna, Well the only thing I think they missed, I was talking to somebody about this the other day that I just, as I've said a million times, I think the league is better. And these teams that you would put together that would look like a 2018 contender. I don't think that's conceivable anymore. Even look at, like the Lakers have looked pretty good for the first four games. That's not just about LeBron and ad like Reeves is playing really well. Ru's playing really well, right? The coach is a huge upgrade from last year's coach. It seems like so far some of their role guys have been okay, but it's not just the two guys. And that that's, you know, that was what made the Celtics so special last year.


That's what made the Mavs have realized we gotta go nine deep. You gotta use the regular Cs a certain way. And then you see the bucks and it's like, so much pressure is on Giannis and Dame having like a 35 point game. And then what's plan B if those things don't happen? I, I don't know. I I still, I still like their ceiling with the Middleton piece, but you could also tell me he's never gonna be the guy again. And I would believe that too. The nuggets I have a much harder time. The nuggets basically come down to can Murray get back to where he was? And if you're gonna tell me he's gonna get back to where he was, I'm feeling better.


Even with the lack of shooting. He saved their asses in that Toronto game in, in his home area. That was good. He is one of the, yeah, he has a gear and he has that clutch gene that so many guys don't have, but he hasn't looked good in a while, Particularly in the the fe the play. He doesn't look good for what we're, you know, I had him probably like 22nd in The Ringer hundred this summer, you know, and, and I don't know if I'd put him in the top 25. All right, let's take a quick break and then we'll do the others. Three things you wanted hit


Our Yahoo Fantasy League here at the Ringers in full swing. Yahoo Fantasy Plus is helping the crew get Ws. It is the best fantasy platform. Easy app. It just ties in, updates, stuff right away. you can click on guys for injuries. I really like the player update piece probably the most, just finding out what is going on with everybody. But Yahoo Fantasy Plus gives you tools so good. They're an unfair advantage. you need it. Especially for the Thursday night games. Everything happens so fast. Fantasy plus players 81% more likely to win their league than players who do not use Fantasy Plus for less than $3 per month build annually, you'll get expert ranks more of them. I like expert ranks, especially like Tight Ends defenses. You get a research assistant Advanced stats too. you can set your lineup with the click of a button. Tap on the start optimal players button to update your lineup with the highest projected players for the week. And you'll make the best trades for your team because the trade hub helps you easily analyze trades based on your team's strengths and weaknesses. Identifies trade partners data-driven insights on every team in your league. It weighs in the buy weeks that are coming, all that stuff. Take home the trophy. Be the smartest person in your fantasy league this year with Yahoo Fantasy Plus all you have to do is sign up for Yahoo Fantasy Plus today. Yahoo sports.com/simmons. That is yahoo sports.com/simmons.


This episode is brought to you by the 2025 Lincoln Aviator. SUV. Hmm. The 2025 Lincoln Aviator nails that feeling in next level confidence. The updated grill and sleek lights total head turners under the hood of refined twin Turbo V six powers you through with authority inside Pure comfort plus three row seating, custom climate control available massage seats keep you ready to tackle whatever's next. Explore more@lincoln.com. Some models, trims and features may not be available or may be subject to change. Check with your local retailer For current information. Lincoln and Aviator are trademarks of Ford or its affiliates


coming back. What's your third big development? Well, you're just talking about it and our friend JJ Redick looks like a good NBA coach and you were talking about it. I think the Lakers look like a a different group and it's really interesting. I think JJ has found something and if, and if you followed it closely or even talked to him in the summer, he was obsessed with how can I get more outta Anthony Davis bill and early on, one of the developing things right now is that he's found a way and Anthony looks as good as he is ever looked as a Laker maybe outside of the bubble so far. And I think, you know, playing through Anthony on office, giving him more responsibility.


His worked so far. But it's more than that. I think J's also done a great job of getting the role players to feel invested. Yep. To feel like they're part of the, the, the group. And I think he's designing Atos that end with, you know, Austin Reeves or Rui getting a good look. He knows the tricks. I know he is been a role player and I think that you couldn't ask for a better first week. I know they're three in one and not four and oh, but this is a great start for JJ Reddick. And not everybody was predicting that by the way, this, this every there. You didn't have to look very far in our world to find somebody who's like, oh, JJ doesn't know what he is doing. This is gonna be a disaster.


Well through one week at least it's not a disaster in Los Angeles. Yeah. if you had to tell me bet on disaster or a great coach, I probably would've bet on disaster. Just 'cause I just think it's really hard to be a coach and there's a whole bunch of stuff that goes with it, including how you deal with your best players, how you deal with the media day in, day out. I've been super impressed and I haven't gone to a game yet, so I haven't seen it in person, but they look really crisp. I like the plays that he designs coming at a timeout. Like there's just little subtle shit where you can tell, oh, this team knows what they're doing last night. He gets the sons LeBron had a bad game, he didn't have it last night. Oof.


And I think in the past they wouldn't have kind of moved the car keys away from him. And JJ has already shown to me, he's not afraid to be like, Hey LeBron, you don't really have it tonight. Let's toss the car keys over there. Because I, I felt like there last couple years I felt like there were games where like Reeves as crazy as this sounds, was probably a better creator matchup for them. Right. He just had a worst part of guarding him. He he could run pick a roll with Davis better. And maybe we don't needed LeBron as much this game, but LeBron 'cause he is LeBron. I think the previous coaches were kind of paralyzed by it. JJ is clearly like, we're going with the matchups that are gonna win this game. LeBron was like to the side last night.


It was really, it was really interesting to watch. And I I what he is done for Davis is like Undeni undeniable. Now Davis could get hurt tomorrow, but that's the thing. But he's, he's as invested and as competitive as I've seen. And the last thing, 'cause I'm doing a rambling monologue, I really like how intense he is on the sidelines in a good way. And I have a lot of different thoughts about what coach behavior should be on the sideline because I think these guys are all adults. They don't need Rick Pitino yelling and slamming the clipboard and they don't need somebody yapping the whole time. He's more intense in like a locked in way. Like if they get fucked on a call, he's going right at the refs.


He's, he's, you can see him pacing on the sidelines when it gets to the last two minutes. It's almost like he's playing. And I think they kind of needed that. Don't you feel like they they kind of needed that energy and I I think they've, they've been in every one of these games, even the Sun's game, they almost won Yeah. The Sun's game on the road against the team that also looks like they have a good new coach and, and is playing better Yeah. Than, than they had been. But yeah, I think JJ couldn't, couldn't be. And I think the energy is a great point. I think he is a leader and I do not diminish his preexisting relationship with LeBron James all albeit on a podcast. But dude, it helps, it helps. you can tell that LeBron, he started here on second base with LeBron James and we've watched LeBron run through co coaches in his career.


Bill. He, that's an, he starting in a better, he's starting in a better place and he's praising his, his role players in the media. Austin Reeves notably. But the ad thing is, is is the headline. I mean he currently leads the NBA in scoring. Yeah. He, he's averaging 33 and 12. He's ruined the, I mean he is played the sons twice and for whatever reason he just demolishes ner they don't. So we'll see when we get to some other centers. But offense defense, he's been great. He looks like the guy when we're writing about him in Grantland, he looks like the guy we all thought he was gonna be Right, you know, in 2013 and 2014 when he was this youngster in, in New Orleans.


In fact his usage rate is higher right now. Speaking to JJ and, and, and, and running the team through Anthony Davis, his usage rate hasn't been this high since he's gotten to Los Angeles. So the numbers back up. The idea too that the, the team is running through Anthony Davis and it's working early. He's one of the best two-way players in the league when he is healthy. And, and you mentioned this earlier, but he's gotta stay healthy and one, one of the things I would say is he, he's looked healthy since the Olympics. He he, yeah, he he it looks sustainable. I don't wanna, I don't wanna Yeah, that's true. I don't wanna jinx anything, but he looks like he is is a reliable sort of sustainable presence in this rotation.


You know, there's one other thing going on with this team that I didn't realize fully until I was watching them. 'cause I I, they've actually been pretty fun to watch. I took the under for them at 42 and a half. I thought, you know, new coach LeBron hitting age 40, like I did so many good teams in the west, just didn't seem like a great bet. I went over on them the last couple years. Now they're over as up to 44 and a half and I would probably take the over on the 44 half of that point. Here's the other reason other than the ones we mentioned, I think the LeBron thing's been good for LeBron being part of that team. Oh that's interesting. He, I think there's a real energy and a real joy he gets from it.


Now I sound like I'm an ES ESPN talking head just praising LeBron. But I I really think like there's just something different about the investment when your son's there every night. Right. And I I, it just seems like he's responded in all the right ways to it. I've no idea if it's gonna last, if it's sustainable, but I don't know if we're gonna see some of the passive aggressive stuff that he was doing the last couple years with the roster because he seems way more invested in the roster and the guys that he's playing with. Yeah and that's a, That's a great point. I never thought about. It's so primitive but as a dad, like it's, it's kind of harder to be a jerk to the waiter at the restaurant if your kid's at the table, if your Kid's at the table.


No, it's really true. And he, you have To, he's just being a pro and yeah I wonder you're Setting a dad example, you're still like whether I know bro's a grown ass man now he is like 20 but he's still a kid. Like my son turns 17 next week. I still look at him like he's a 6-year-old that I'm trying to teach him right from wrong. I don't know, I might be wrong but I do, I do feel like the energy from that has been a positive and I thought it was gonna go the other way. I thought it was this is gonna be a soap opera, this is, they're gonna be asking about every game but it really seems like they've navigated correctly bro's there probably in the G league. He's definitely not gonna help that team in any way this year. But I think he's been good to have around. I think it's, it's given everybody a boost.


It's weird. I love that take. And I think, you know, the other thing is he is starting to slip, you know he needed a late three in that Phoenix game and I know they lost just to get to 10 points Just to keep his 3000 year old streak of 10 points in every game alive. He needed to hit that three pointer. Yeah. I think again we're overreacting here. It's week one but you know, LeBron's gonna have more and more nights like this. This is what it's gonna look like. And and JJ to his credit saw this and was like, I gotta get more outta ad if this is gonna work. Yeah. And AD is leading the league in points in the pain as we said, leading the league and points per game and you know, it's a kinder, gentler LeBron James whatever.


But this is very encouraging and I know you're a Celtics guy but the league is more interesting when the Lakers are good and JJ looks to have righted the ship here a little bit in Los Angeles And Davis is really hard to play against defend handle. Right. He's, when he's playing at this level, he is one of the six seven best guys in the league. It makes me think like I, you know, they have some, some draft capital, they have some young players, there's some sort of move they could make. Obviously DeAngelo Russell is gonna be on eBay for the next four months as they shop him to anybody. But it makes me think like if I'm them, the way Davis is playing combined with that, you still have LeBron on the team this year and next year Maybe you do sacrifice one of those extra assets.


'cause I, I look at the West and okay, okay C and the Celtics to me are levitating above everybody else in the week's. It's like they're in their own league then it's a drop off and the Lakers with you know, one more guy. Especially if it was a point guard slash shooter. I think if Davis is gonna play like this, you have to think you could swim in that pool. I didn't think they could swim in that pool a month ago. No, I I'm with you. I think one of the, my first piece for The Ringer should come out this week, but we're looking at depth. We're, and I'm, I'm arguing the depth Bill Simmons is the new MVP of the MVA and it's harder to achieve in this new CBA but when we look at what separates the Celtics and the Thunder right now and teams like the wolves is that they go 7, 8, 9 deep and that is very hard.


That is, that is evidence of a very good front office. Yeah. And that is what we're seeing separating the teams. 'cause everybody has a superstar now it seems. All the contender I have one or two superstars. Okay, cool. What do you have and what you talked about in Milwaukee and what we talked about in Denver is they don't have that the Lakers and Sons also struggle a little bit in that department. But that's exactly, would you put that, Would you put the Nicks in there? The Knicks are pretty good in depth obviously. I think they, they're starting fives about I'm Gets put putting, put them in the not enough depth camp. Yeah. So. it depends on what you define depth. I think their fourth and fifth guys are great, but below that Deuce McBride we're asking a lot of Deuce McBride.


Now once Mitchell Robinson gets back, I think they're relatively deep. It's always hurt though. But I brought this up because you said there's Boston and OKC and I, I think that's what it is. And when you look at depth, it's those guys by a long shot. Yeah. I mean when you're talking about Peyton Pritchard and Sam Houser and Al Horford coming off your bench, that's a different world than these struggling teams with superstars or including the Lakers have in those slots. That's why I loved OKCs over under one seed every bet that had them winning the West and winning 60 plus games. But I also ended up going over with the Celtics too because they, when you have, we can give this guy a day off depth, that's like the last frontier of depth.


The Celtics and OKC could basically, it's like OKC lost Hartenstein for five weeks. They're like, all right, we're next guy up. And they have guys, you know, and you watch like the way Wiggins and Wallace are even playing in this first week and they go deep with dudes that can come in and actually flip a game, which is what the Celtics have too. So the Lakers though, if they get, if Connect can become something of a guy for them, like a 15 to 18 minute ninth man type guy. And if Rui, if this is real and I don't trust Rui at all, but maybe this is a little bit real and then one more trade, like they might actually have enough depth to sustain LeBron games like last night where it's just, yeah, that's, he looks 40 tonight, I'll, I'll represent Rui Ru's a shooter man.


Rui can get, Rui can fill it up and and LeBron is one of the best three point creators the world's ever seen. Yeah. They just need a couple other guys around that to to, but Rui can shoot the ball and if connect, like you said, if he becomes a reliable off ball threat, I think they, they can have a good offense and with ad they're gonna be in good shape on Defense. Alright, so if I gave you, I know it's too fucking early. Eight playoff teams, OKC, Minnesota, Phoenix, would you have all three of those in? Definitely. And Dallas. Oh yeah, That's four. Those are four definites. Any team I name after that you'd be like, I don't know, there might be a playing team including Denver.


It was like, I dunno, they might be a seven seed, eh, if Yoko got her for until Got 12 games. They, that might be a 41 and 41 team Until Stefan got her Golden State was looking good too. And I think, you know, the West and the Houston, who knows what we have there. Who knows if Weby is gonna turn it on. Yeah. The the second half of the west is, is gonna be a lot of The five through, there's a lot of question marks. Five through 12. Yeah. Five through 12. I don't think San Antonio is here that Sacramento. I, I would've been if they had beaten the Lakers like they should have on Saturday night where they're just con in control of the first three quarters and then LeBron just leaves his body for 20 minutes.


It just flips the game. That was unbelievable. Yeah. All right. What's your fourth thing? Well let's, I got two Eastern conference ones. I will save the Celtics for last. We're gonna go to Cleveland. I think Cleveland you mentioned Orlando. I love this point. I think these small market teams emerging in the Eastern conference. Indiana. Yeah, Orlando. But I'm gonna talk about Cleveland. I think they all have a chance to sort of upset the Nicks and Sixers and slide in one of those teams could slide into that two slot. No question. And if I had to say right now, I like all three of them. Indiana's been off to a rocky start. Not, hasn't looked great a couple times. If I had to pick one right now I'm picking Kenny and the Cavaliers, I'm picking the Cleveland Cavaliers bill. They, they're four and Oh they've won handily.


Yeah, they've, they, they had a good roster to begin with. It felt like they were underachieving for a minute there. You remember a couple years ago it felt like they were on the, on the brink of be, of becoming sort of perennial contenders. I mean last Year I thought that way. Yeah. And, but you know, I think they're a really good two-way team. Jared Allen is a monster. Evan Mobley gives you like two rim protectors on the court at the same time. And obviously they're back court if Darius Garland's as good as this and he, he's had hot a hot start. He was great in New York. But if Darius Garland's playing this well and Donovan Mitchell's playing this well yeah, they're as good as anybody competing for that second spot in the east.


And I, I do believe in Kenny Atkinson and I do believe that this Cavalier's team might be a surprise two or three seat in that Eastern conference. The Mitchell signing with them long term I think really helps. The fact that Garland's healthy this year really helps Nick's game. Granted first week of the season, not gonna overreact to it, but I like that they went in there and fucking, they were up five up six the whole second half of the fourth quarter and they just, that was it. They got stops brus and missed a couple shots that he normally makes. But they had a real hard time stopping Garland. And there was a couple moments near the end where Garland had the ball like, and he, they Mitchell like threw him the car keys a co a couple times and let him do stuff.


I also, like, this is one of the reasons we were so high in them in the over under pod and I have a lot of Cleveland bets. I have them for the division. They've been playing together now for a couple years. Which I think it's a, it's like the most simple point you could possibly make, but I do think it matters. Like these guys, it's really hard to have any kind of continuity in the NBA anymore. So I see that with them. And, and then Orlando is the other one that they have Palo who's better than anyone on the Cavs. I think the apologies to Don Mitchell, but Palo Palo's talent ceiling, I would put higher than anyone on the Cavs roster. And then this Anthony Black thing that happened last night, I, I was jolt they put him out there in crunch time.


He made two big threes. He gives them size. They weren't afraid to go to him when it mattered. And that was kind of a game changer for me 'cause I was like, oh, I wasn't, I didn't know he was coming to the party. I like the magic. Anyway. So I don't know, I I like both of those teams. Certainly more than Philly as a regular season team and certainly more than Milwaukee as a regular season team. Well if the best ability is availability, then Orlando is, has, has more abilities than those two older teams in Philadelphia. Right. And, and Milwaukee. So yeah, I think when we talk about depth, Orlando is in that conversation. They just have different looks they can throw at you.


They seem to be really willful defenders up and down the roster. I like that team a lot. And I think because they're in a small market, nobody talks about the magic. Just like the Cavs The Ringer talks about the magic 'cause we have Steve Saru on board. So we, we've done, we've been carrying most of The Ringer the Magic National Torch now that the Lakers are good. Nobody's ever gonna talk about the magic on any national TV station. Well who Do you, who do you like better if you had to overreact to one week Cleveland, Orlando for sneaking into the two or the three seed in the Eastern Conference? Good question. Thank you for asking.


I thought Cleveland really had a chance to be the two seed. And I'm not surprised by what's happened with them because I just thought they were gonna be good. I wasn't prepared for the Paolo leap that I feel like might be happening. I, to me last night he looked a lot like Tatum. Like year, like year five, year six, Tatum figuring out stuff at the foul line, top of the key. How to set up other guys, how to know what the right time is to just, oh, I'm just going to the basket now I have a lane. Versus like, oh, I'm gonna pull this double team over and find somebody. I thought there were a lot of similarities with those guys and I didn't know if Paolo a hundred percent had that in him yet. 'cause he's so young.


Like that took Tatum probably until the 2022 playoffs to even really hint at becoming that guy in a real way. I felt like Palo was like, might be that guy. Now I don't, I I was just blown away by the game he had yesterday. I granted it's against Indiana. Indiana sucks defensively. I get it. But that was a higher level than I was expecting. Yes. IIII don't mean to just agree with you on that, but it's it's totally true. I was not ready for a 50 point game from, from Paolo Has tremendous, 50 points are like nine rebounds, nine assists. It, it's a crazy stat line. He has tremendous feel for the game. And then when you watch him in person, it does feel like he's, he's gonna be one of these guys.


The game slows down for he makes the right read. He makes the right play. He can go get his own, he can make people around him better. And the good news for, for Orlando is the guys, there's a really good supporting cast that's already in place there. We talked about KCP enough in this podcast, but that's a nice ad to have on the perimeter. A veteran who knows how to win, who's competitive, you know, I think Competitive because that, because the magic, the, the thing that jumps out with them is how competitive those dudes are. Suggs Suggs is another borderline if you're doing your all BA sociopath team, I think he would have to be first team guard. He's a mania. Like black hit that, go ahead. Three. And he was, he ran over to him during the timeout and he's just like screaming at him like he was like a boxing hype man or something.


He's a maniac. But that, that whole team is wired that way. Yeah, I think so. And I, and so I think it's gonna be, I think they're deeper than the Cavs, which, and I love the Cavs roster. I think there's a, a little bit of weakness in Cleveland at the Wing position. I liked how they used Dean Wade to guard Brunson a little bit. Yeah. But I, I wish they had another sort of three and D Wing in that starting group or in their rotation to go to. But yeah, I think those two teams aren't getting enough respect. And if the first week is an indi any indication that might change here in the first month of the season, bill, I, so Franz only played 11 minutes in the game yesterday and it, and they were able to, to kind of, I'm looking at the minutes now, still feels like they're one guy short in that Gary Harris, jet Howard kind of area.


But I also feel like there's a lot of trade bait possibilities of this team. It's also a team that has all their picks. So there's moves that they can make. Yeah. But if you were gonna give me Orlando and Cleveland on this end and Philly and Milwaukee on the other end, I would just pick the Orlando Cleveland thing. Not just for the regular season but for playoffs too. I love young durability like and competitiveness. Those are all things that we know works. It worked with OKC last year. Every time we say nah, no, they're not gonna be ready yet. It always happens a year earlier than a year later. So the Palo piece though, remember last year they lose the game seven and the excuse after the game, which is wasn't even really an excuse. It was like, man, that they too much on Paolo too much.


He had to create everything. It was such a burden on him. Last thing. He looked like he was, he was like, I've spent the whole summer being ready to be the guy and now I'm gonna be ready for this. But yeah, I, he, he's better, certainly better than I ever thought he was gonna be. Remember we were arguing about him versus Che v Jabari. I, I don't think anybody saw this. I know people love Palo, but nobody saw like what happened last night as the ceiling. I thought that was Sir Rudy, are you on this Sir Rudy, did anyone see this with Palo? Like even like the most bullish crazy Palo fan? Did anyone see what happened last night as a ceiling? I think rozi before the draft, because I, I mean infamously, I guess I was a Chet guy.


I, I still feel good about Che not, not A bad opinion. That's gonna Be a good player. I think that's fine. My my thing is I just feel like both teams got the player that they probably needed. Yeah. Long term. But no, I mean I think the thing that the worry about Paolo was like, was he gonna be like this inefficient, mellow type scorer. And I think, you know, early on so much was thrust upon him that like, he was like, oh no, is this gonna be like just a, a high volume everything guy? And that's why I got so defensive in the playoffs last year about the turnover because I'm like, cool. He's playing in this hostile Cleveland environment and in his second year where he's the arguably at times the best player on the floor, as you said Donovan Mitchell Yeah. Has an argument. But like that's wild stuff. Like that's, we, there are not that many guys in the history of the league that have been asked to do that and have like met the challenge in year two.


So I, you know, I think everybody thought he was gonna put up numbers, but like was the efficiency and the winning gonna be behind it? So that's the question of that and that it's coming this early. That's what's so crazy about it. Yeah. What is he 20, he's 22, right? Yes. Yeah. That I, it feels like the basketball, the sport of basketball has slowed down for him a tiny bit. And this is why it's so dangerous to do the overreactions after week one. I don't think that's an overreaction. Like he, you can tell sometimes when a guy has gone from point B to point C or point D to point D whatever, it feels like he's at a different point of whatever the journey was than he was in that Cleveland series 22 in two weeks by the way. So still 21.


Wow. Oh my God. It's wild. I don't, Kirk where's he the trade value rankings now I, dude a 21-year-old with 15 has to point game is pretty high. Like he's gotta be like top five to seven now I got, now, now it makes me wanna do another rankings. I think you Had eight last year. Yeah. You gotta do it. Last year I had him eight, but I think he's gotta be higher. Like to me, Paolo versus Edwards, I would've had Edwards ahead of him, no question last summer. And now it's like, all right, I gotta really sit down and sketch this out and look at their ages. And I just, we saw it happen with the Celtics last year. you can build an actual championship team around a guy with this specific set of skills.


The difference is he's not as good of a defender as Tatum is. At least not yet. Tatum. Tatum was always like a really good defensive player. Did you expect that Anthony Black hitting the two threes piece of the season? I mean, I don't wanna toot my own horn, but like kind of. So I was, I literally called Priscilla after the game last night 'cause we were both so excited about it and I was calling for Anthony Black to play in the playoffs last year. Yeah. I was like, what's the worst that could happen? I mean, right. You know nothing against Gary Harris. I know he is not your favorite player, but he's not like, it can't get much worse offensively than what it was in some of those games. And he's like, oh, for seven from three. So it's like, throw black out there. See what could happen. I mean, when he was coming outta the draft, it was like, hey, high IQ player, like big, you know, can guard multiple positions but like the shot is atrocious.


Yeah. So the fact that he's even like the shot looks pretty good and the fact that he's making them semi consistently and two, as you said, two big threes last night. I that he's gonna be a factor. He should be a factor. And I I I'm you throw like trade ships. I mean it depends who the guy is, but like I'm kind of, I'm holding that guy close to the vest. Yeah. 'cause he fits in with the identity they have. As you know, Kirk, you know, I'm the body language doctor. I thought it was very instructive how Orlando's bench was reacting to the black threes. That's right. They, they were fucking losing their shit. It was like combination. We love this guy, but also like, yo, if he's gonna make those holy shit, we might actually be really good this year.


So I thought it was a really encouraging win. What, I know Franz left the game last night. What, what's the Franz update? Saru? I don't, it doesn't seem like he is anything serious, but, but What does he look to heading into this? Like did he carry over the Germany love or No? So here's the thing is like Paolo's become a better shooter, a more efficient shooter. Suggs has improved his three point shooting every single year. I mean he's like a 40% three point shooter taken like what, over five a game or something? It's absurd. Anthony Black has become a better shooter. We can't, who's co we can't get this guy to figure out Franza shot. Who's the, who's the shooting coach? I don't know, I should know the name, but like he's the one guy where it's like, what's kind of going on? And it, it is a little weird.


Like he's kind of like, Suggs is kind of ascending to that number two, number two guy. Oh wow. Not, not, not in points. It'll, it'll never be in points, but just as like all an all around feel for the game because of the defensive end. You know, I I I still believe in Franz. I think it's gonna be fine, but it is a, it is a little weird because everybody else seems to be like kind of growing, especially in the shooting department. He's the one that's kind of regressed. So if you, if Black comes through for you Maybe, you don't need Dennis Schroder. 'cause he, he was auditioning for you this week with the 29 point game. It's like, I'm, We're good. We're good. Unless its an obvious, unless it's an obvious upgrade. I there's not, I I I like the core man. This team loves playing. That's, and you mentioned the Suggs thing and him running over to, to Anthony Black, like they genuinely love playing with each other.


Like that's, the winds are great, it's cool, but the vibes are just that there's, there might not be a better vibes team in the league. Yeah. Suggs is like a Wolf of Wall Street character. Kirk, when you were in front office, did you guys that you were with the Spurs, did they, did they like look for stuff like bench chemistry, bench reactions as Yeah. Something that actually mattered? Dude, I remember when we drafted Derrick in whatever year that was, we watched all of his clips for when he got fouls called on him and we watched his body language reacting to all the ref calls against him. And we didn't like he was very demonstrative after all these calls. It was, he was like one of these guys that, but yeah, body language is really important to people like pop and rc of course.


So you, you, you try to gain insights into the psyche and competitive nature of all these guys. And the body language doctor has known this for years. But yeah, we, we watch that stuff. We you, one of the reasons you scout and you go to games early Bill, is you watch how guys warm up, you interact with their coaches, you talk, you see how these guys are as employees, as teammates, yeah. As leaders, as followers. That stuff is very important. And I agree with Sir Rudy, the vibes in this group, maybe with the exception of Gary Harris. Am I allowed to say that? Yeah. It feels like they love each other. They're young. They're, they're, they're fun loving. I wouldn't trade anybody by the way, including Gary Harris. But I, I think this team has the body language doctor I would, I would confer with, but it feels like they would be near hi near his, the top of his power rankings.


No question. I think they're right in the same spot. OKC was in last year's. See how well we can do, let's see how many wins we can bank. Let's let Paolo cook, everything's a bonus. Can we get to round two? Can we, can we put together some playoff wins? But let's not really figure out what we have until the next off season would be my recommendation. But all right, we're gonna take one more break and then do Goldberg's Last thing.


This episode is brought to by Ubereats it's football season and Ubereats is dropping undefeated deals on all your game day favorites this week. Score buy one get one free crunch wrap Supremes from Taco Bell only on Ubereats. And if you're craving even more, we've got you covered with game day deals on pizza, burgers, tacos and more all season long. Ubereats official on demand food delivery partner the NFL order Taco Bell for game day now through 11 17 24. Second item of equal or lesser value in terms apply, see app for details.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. As a small business owner, every new hire added to your team needs to make an immediate impact. Think of CJ Stroud and his rookie year, how he transformed the Texans with limited hiring resources. You don't have the luxury of getting it wrong. you need to feel confident that your candidate is going to perform when the game is done. The line with LinkedIn jobs, you can, as the world's largest professional network, LinkedIn gives you access to more than a billion professionals with the unique skills and experience you need, chances are your next standout star is one of them. A qualified candidate ready to put in the work that makes an immediate impact on your business. On LinkedIn, 86% of small businesses get a qualified candidate within 24 hours. So hire professionals like a professional on LinkedIn Tire, the right person for your role and post your job for free. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash simmons, that's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to by Uber Reserve. You know, it's a game changer for travel. Booking my ride in advance to the airport with Uber Reserve. Uber Reserve makes it easy to plan my whole trip. I just did this. Booking rides up to 90 days in advance to help squeeze the most outta traveling. Especially if you're doing odd hours rush hours like early in the morning, you gotta do it. Plus, with Uber Reserve you'll get an assigned driver, you get upfront pricing and you get extra wait time included. So go ahead plan like a pro. Reserve your Uber ride up to 90 days in advance. See app for details.


Alright, coming back. You wanna talk about the Celtics? What do you got? I have to talk. It's what I've been writing about for 10 years now with you and other places and in books. It's like these guys are elevating three point shooting to another level. Like if we go from the Splash Brothers to the D'Antoni Harden Industrial Complex in Houston, we think it can't get any higher. Your team, Bill Simmons is taking it higher. They are shooting over 50 threes a game and they're making 43% of them. I'm not sure either of those numbers are sustainable, but I'm not copping out here. I expect this team to break three point shooting records by the end of the season.


I think they'll break the record for most attempts and most makes. And Missoula Ball has not only won a championship, but it's doing it by extending Darryl Morrie and Stephan Curry's legacy deep into the 2020s and, and and proving once and for all the three point revolution isn't dead. In fact, the best teams in the league are still finding ways to, to leverage three point shooting in profound new ways. So your team, I think is becoming the new Splash Brothers or sort of hardened rockets. It's like the Splash family. Yeah, it was interesting last night they brought against the Bucks, they brought in Jordan Walsh. And I was like, what the fuck man, this guy, he's not a good enough three point shooter doesn't fit into our system.


And he took a couple, he missed a couple, but, but it's surprising when Anyone Threes. Yeah, well it's, it's shocking when they put anyone in who can't make an open three, you know, and they have an embarrassment or riches all over the place. It's, it's the three point shooting. The fact that they don't have Zynga and you don't even really notice. They just have so much depth that now they're paying for the depth. They're gonna have a crazy luxury tax bill. I love, I love what I've seen from Tatum and Brown early on. Tatum fixed the hitch, which thank God, I think he's a legitimate MVP candidate. Michael Pina wrote about that for The Ringer dot com today. And I completely agree if, if they're gonna be in the sixties for wins, you gotta really seriously look at whoever the best player is.


But I love everything I've seen from Tatum and then Jalen I feel like has taken all the shit that he was doing last year. And it's maybe even like just the hair better and the two of them together. It's everything. Steve Kerr always told me about the year after you win the title that first two months, the next season, you're just like, ev you're so locked in, you have so much confidence. And that's, that's it's gotten to the point like I would be surprised when they lose, you know, which I feel the same way about OKC. We're like, oh, OKC lost last night. That's usually when you know, you have a 60 win team, it's like, whoa, shit. The Celtics lost two in a row. Like it's shocking.


Yeah. Yeah. And I think like when Sam, Sam er, but I mean Peyton Pritchard scores 28 points. That's a classic indicator too. I think when you have a bench player come out and just change a game like that and it's not somebody who could, you would count on doing that more than once or twice a month. Yeah. And, and I just think they are the deepest team in the NBA not to beat a dead horse, but as you, as you, as you mentioned earlier, it's the three point depth in particular. If, if you wanna play for, for Joe Missoula, you have to be able to shoot from 25 feet. You have to, you have to want to shoot it. Yeah. He gets mad at his players when they don't shoot them, which is kind of the mentality that you need to have.


It's like a lot of guys in the league wanna pass up those shots and he actually reprimands this guys and you'll hear them talking about, he gets mad when we pass up a, an open look. That's very different than what was happening just 10 years ago around this league. But I think they're gonna break records in three point shooting potentially offensive efficiency again. And, and challenge conventional wisdom further, how many threes can we do here? I think over half of their shots are three point shots at this point, which is crazy. Yeah. So you figure they're taking 53 is a game and making 40% of them, that's 20.


That's 23 is a game. Right? 82 games in a year. So could they get to like 1700 threes for the season? Like it's, it's conceivable, I don't know what the record is, but I guarantee nobody's ever had 1600. Do they have five guys shooting seven or more in a game right now? Yeah. I think Clay Thompson's only done seven or more in a game like half of his years in the NBA. So it's like, it's like a normal Clay Thompson year, but they have five of them So. it is sort of like the splash family. And it's, Do you subscribe to the, you don't, I, I remember first talking about this two years ago. I beat, there was some dialogue about it the last couple days on the Internets that there's a sameness to all these styles now that becomes boring during the regular season.


I don't, I'm so used to it now. I, it doesn't seem any different to me. And I still feel like there's enough aberration type of players ranging from, you know, John Morant to Cam Thomas to, there's some post up guys. We still have like the Shang Go types. It still, it doesn't feel like just up everybody's chucking up threes. We'll see who wins. But do you see any of that? Yeah, I play both sides of that. I think the, there's, there's never been this much talent in the league and ultimately that's why I turn on the TV set. I love watching the guys, but I'd love to see the NBA move the line. I think it's time to move the line. I think the shot has become too easy for too many guys. I've been really vocal about that.


I think the first time I wrote about it was in 2014. Yeah. At Grantland after the Spurs won the title. And I think it's only, I I, I don't say it's ugly, I don't wanna say that, but I think the shot has become too easy for too many and I'd like to see it a a little more difficult for the average player. And it's only gonna make Stephan Curry and Damien Ard more valuable, or Jason Tatum guys who can shoot from deeper will become more valuable in a world where the shot's harder. So I think it actually celebrates those guys a little bit more. I don't know, I think, I don't know. What do you think? You think it's, you think it's okay? You think everything is hunky dory? You don't think it's too many threes?


I always joke Bill, that it should be called the two point line once we take more than half of our shots from behind it. But yeah, I, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm eager to hear what you think on this one. Actually, I, this is the first time I've seriously started thinking about do we have to fix the corner three a little bit? Do you make the arc, you change it a little bit so when it goes right to the corner, maybe the line goes so that a corner three no longer exists and you have to be three, four feet over from the corner for it to be a corner three. That, that would be the only thing that I could see five, six years from now if they're gonna tweak it.


I could see the whole arc of the three point line instead of it just being like, almost like a semicircle, the way it looks now being different where it kind of, it, it hits the corner in a way that you, corner threes are gone. It goes up higher so that like the peak of it is like 28 feet instead of 24 or whatever. And, and maybe that's where we're heading, but I also, I don't, I don't know if that would help the product because then it's like just guys heaving these long shots and these long rebounds and I think that would cause too many unintended consequences. But you could tell me like, could they experiment with the corner three for preseason? See what it looks like. I wouldn't be against it. Yeah. You, I don't think I've ever shared this, but in 2019 after my book came out, Adam Silver had reached out to me and said, will you come present some of this stuff to the, the, to the league?


And, and we had suggested two different three point lines and we got to the competition committee and we were gonna try it in the G league bill. Yeah, we were gonna try two or three different looks in the G league and I'd love for them to revisit. One was to get rid of the corner three entirely, which is very drastic. And in fact, I think it was Brad Stevens who was on the competition committee. It was like, hell no, you'll never see a slam dunk again. This is gonna ruin spacing. So yeah, you know, you have to see it, you have to see how the, the league reacts to these things because it could end up making the product worse, like hand up. Like some of these ideas might not be good ideas for the the product. And I think the better one is to keep the corners where they are but extend the three point arc, which is currently 23.75.


Get it out to 25 or 26 feet like you described. Hmm. But again, you're exactly right. Does that just mean we're watching more missed threes the same number of threes but fewer makes? 'cause that's not great. So I think we'd have to see it in practice to see what it would look like before we would sort of engineer the right product. What I would say is every other league on the planet that matters the W college basketball fee, but they've all moved the line back this century, the NB a's the only one that hasn't. But yeah, I think that's gonna be a bigger conversation as your Celtics continue to rain down dozens of threes on their opponent on a nightly basis. One other thing I was thinking is maybe there's a limit for threes once you make 20, you just can only make two pointers from that point on.


You basically used up your 20 and that's it. Like would, maybe that's where it goes. That would be awesome. I think you kind Of like that one. I like that one. I like it. It's like, I don't like timeouts. Sorry, that's your last three. So I hope you're ready to post up Pingus for the rest of the game. You know, it's gonna be, it would be wild to see how teams would change their offense. Yeah, maybe they wouldn't shoot threes in the, in the first quarter. We didn't, I don't feel like we vehemently disagreed on anything. Do you have anything you wanna vehemently disagree on? Because unfortunately we see a lot of basketball the same way. I'll just throw a couple things at you and, and you can tell me if you vehemently disagree.


Ryan Dunn in the running for most impactful rookie, They knew this kid could defend, they knew the kid could defend the shot is a, let's just say a work in progress. And I think it looks way better that he dude Lou dot, same thing right now. Lou Dot makes a lot of money because why he made the shot work. So I think this kid could be a long-term NBA player, a rotation player for a very good Phoenix team, but he's got to be able to start making some shots. He's Been making 'em long term. Yeah. So I think if he's, if his three point shot is real, that was the only question in my mind.


The defense was NBA ready. So I think, I think they got something if he, if he's making those threes. My guy Eddie Johnson, that cranky Homer who's also on Sirius XM radio, he was, he flagged the Ryan Dunn thing like a month ago and he was like, and he, he he's, we have like a really fun relationship. But he was so adamant and excited about how good this kid was in pre-season. I was like, I don't feel like Eddie's making this up. Like he, he's like super duper duper excited and it turns out like, you know, you see him out there in crunch time for them. Interesting wrinkle for them. I still don't, I don't know what they're gonna do about a center and I'm not sure it's gonna matter in the regular season.


I still think they'll get to 50 plus wins. All right, next, I'll try to start one more argument here. Chicago, a more pleasant league pass experience than you were expecting. DeMar de Rosen is not there anymore. And I don't know if it's the Ewing theory or the DeMar theory or whatever you want to say here. They're definitely playing harder on defense. Kobe White feels like a more enjoyable presence. The more time he is getting in this offense, the more he, he's he's a fun guy. Zach Levine. Maybe not Vukovich. You know, I, I don't know.


What are you gonna say? I'll say no, I think I'm gonna say no. If I have five games to watch and watch, they're probably not in my four box. You know what I mean? I'll just say no. And for the sake of starting an argument, They were a cross off for me as a League Pass team. But I actually like the ball. The giddy Savich still feels like there's this little tiny foreign center thing to be unlocked with him with passing at the top of the key. And now guys are moving around. It's not so like old school DeRosa gets the ball and everybody kind of stands around. I don't know, I'm, they're on my radar. They have some players I like watching I and, and I, I'm still rooting for Giddy to, to become a guy. 'cause I like, I just think he's so different than all the other players.


It's like we need, you need weird players to succeed like him with his kind of skillset. So we'll see. Could Cam Thomas lead the league in scoring? For real? I think the, I heard you talking about this has to be at least 32 a game. 'cause there's no way Luca goes under 32 a game. The only, the only way it would happen is if Dallas is just blowing teams out and he is not playing the same minutes per game. He's just an established 33 a game now. So let's say he drops to 32. I think that's the number There is a way, but I think it's very, very unlikely. But Brooklyn in part because Brooklyn's playing better than I thought they would be.


Bill, they're playing harder. They're, they got a new coach too and it looks like they have new vibes. They're Frisky and they're frisky and all. Ben Simmons jokes aside, like he's looked okay and he just Won't shoot. He doesn't and they have to take him out with six minutes left 'cause he's just not gonna ever want to take a foul shot ever. It is wild. But Camp Thomas is a not afraid to shoot Mr. Greenlight. I think there's a path there, but I would, I would be shocked. I would say this is Lucas. This, this is Lucas Here. Alright, let saw money on Luca. Well they're playing tonight after we taped this. So you talked about American Stars being worried about them. Counter lot of American stars.


I like watching right now Tatum and Brown Edwards, Paolo Brunson, Halliburton Ja Lalo, rumors of a MLO comeback Booker and Fox Mitchell Zion when he plays Yeah. Last time we, I I'm Feeling better about the Americans. Well so are the, the casinos, I noticed that both Jason Tatum and the, and Anthony Davis have, have rightfully surged up the MVP futures lists. Right. And I think, I think Tatum is playing better. He looks a lot better, you know, better than anybody when he's, he's taken good shots and they're going in. Yeah, the three point shots, especially John Morant Lalo has been one of the best stories of, of the first week.


Again, new coach, new vibes. I think that's one of the themes of our podcast today. Yeah. And Charlotte has new coach, new vibes and, and he, he's benefited from that. And I can't wait to see him and Brandon Miller playing together. But yeah, Tatu five Tatum is five to one by the way. He was 13 to one before the season started. And it's dropped now to five to one third best odds on FanDuel. There you go. And I thi I think, hey, as a hardworking American myself, I I love to watch Americans dominate. Yeah, you Counted at the Americans. I don't know. Houston needs to make a trade. Yes or no. Houston has one of the weirdest rosters in the league. I need to see a little bit more. But for the sake of argument, yes, they have tradable pieces.


I'm not sure which of these young players is really gonna stay there. It doesn't feel like she goon and Jalen Green should be on the same basketball team. Fred Van Flea, Dylan Mitchell. And yet they extended both of them. Yeah. It just, they they couldn't be. And then one of the cool things about weird, you said weird basketball guys. Like these are guys, the, the fact that they're on the same team and they're from such different parts of the world and they play well together. But Freddie Van Fleet, Dylan Brooks, like these guys are just, how are they all on the same team? So yeah, I'll go with, yes. Okay. They need to make some changes there. I think they're two for one or a three for one. But I felt that way before the season. Memphis is not a playoff team.


I'm just throwing that out there for argument's sake. I don't, I'm not saying whether I believe it or not. I can get there. I'll just, for the sake of argument, I say they are a playoff team. I think they have too much talent. I don't think they're as good as they were a few years ago. I think Stephen Adams remains sort of an unheralded piece of their success. Yeah. From two years ago with the, just the physicality and the rebounding, particularly the second chance points that they really just depended on. And, and we, we'll see what Ededie can do, but I think there are 60, I think the Memphis Grizzlies are gonna be the 60, the last non playing team in the West. If I had to say I'm less bullish on them than I was and I went under on their over under.


'cause I thought I was too high. But I, this is why it's the first week of the season. I'm, I'm just watching them. I, I'll have a harder opinion than them in the 20 game. Are you worried about New Orleans yet, by the way? A little bit. But this Jordan Hawkins kid has caught my eye and holy shit, this kid, he looks like a natural shooter. Yeah. What do they do? It feel, it just feels like he needs to play. He needs to play. And I mean, I don't know if that factors into the Ingram decision they have or, or or trying to get off of that. But dude, I love that kid and he looks like a shooter, like one of the best jump shooters early in this season and it doesn't look like an accident.


He was one of the best shooters coming out of the draft. I'm not worried about them. I'm always worried about Zion staying healthy. Yeah. But I'm not worried about them. I, I think they're gonna figure it out. But they have like a couple pieces. They just need to figure out rotations in my opinion. What are your thoughts Too early? I, I wanna, I'm with you in Hawkins. I just feel, I was talking to somebody about it today. Somebody has to be disappointed in the West. We're not gonna have 11 playoff teams. There's gotta be somebody who, when we get to mid-December, we're like, holy shit. WWI, I can't believe that team is, you know, 10 and 15. It's gonna be somebody and I have a couple suspects, but I wanna watch for another week.


The Clippers being a little better, at least in week one than I expected is another monkey wrench. 'cause I just had them penciled in as a bottom three team. But Harden harden's like, this is great. I have the ball all the time. They have a bunch of defensive guys who are like, this is great. Harden has the ball all the time. All I have to do is worry about this. And then Norm Powell's like, this is great. Every once in a while they just let me cook. So I still don't know if they're good. But I am also a little concerned that, 'cause that was one of my locks. I had them under 37 and a half. I'm a little concerned they might be more of a professional basketball team than that.


Well, TLU is a great coach and I think James Harden's in his happy place. You sort of alluded to it when he seems super pumped. Undeniably the leader of the team right now. And you know, if he feels that way and Ty Lou's the coach and their defense is playing like this. Yeah, I, I agree there like you're saying, there's six guaranteed spots. There's the two playing playoff spots of four playing teams. I think Denver. Denver and, and the Clippers. I think I would say, yeah, I think Denver's gonna be a playing team that, that's probably my biggest overreaction from week one. I find it hard to believe they're gonna be one of the six best teams in the West. 'cause I don't know what the fixes are for them.


Milwaukee, you can talk yourself into it a little faster because the east is such a, you know, once you get past the top eight, it's just, there's seven crummy teams in there. But have you, have you been to the Intuit facility yet? No, I'm going this weekend. Okay. We look forward to it. I'll report that report. I hope it's, I hope it's a better experience than Minneapolis, Kurt Goldsberry. So your first piece is this week on The Ringer dot com? I hope so. Yeah. We gotta make sure that our editors agree with that. But yeah, I'll file it tomorrow. Okay, great to see you. Thanks for Coming up. Thanks Bill. All right. That's it for the podcast. Thanks to John Greski. Thanks to Kurt Goldsberry.


Thanks to Kyle Creon and Steve Sir Rudy as well. Thanks to Sir Rudy for popping on the podcast too. Don't forget to check out the re watchable Halloween four. Don't forget about the live show in Denver, which tickets will be going on sale on Friday at The Ringer dot com slash events. Look forward to seeing you and I will see you on this podcast Thursday night Halloween, my favorite day, can't wait.


Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in president dc. Gambling problem, call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 HOPE ny. Or text HOPE NY in New York.