
It's The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel, the NBA season Hitting full stride. Don't foul out on your chance to win with America's number one sports book BET on fun markets like Live Quarter Player props and partless Plus, enjoy our new NBA player prop pages. Your one stop shop for player props that include FanDuel's exclusive performance trends. Tracking the last five games for top markets. They even do that. The app is safe, secure, and easy to use. When you win, you'll get paid instantly. So download the app today. BET with FanDuel official partner of the NBA. The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available. Listen to the end of this episode for additional details. Must be 21 plus in President select state's game problem called 1-800-GAMBLER. Or visit rg help.com.


Coming up. It's time the annual NBA worst contracts draft with House and wa. It's next.


This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA. MICHELOB ULTRA. A superior LIGHT BEER in the ultimate trophy. Win or lose. You're bound to enjoy the ride with a good beer in hand. MICHELOB ULTRA crisp, refreshing only 95 calories, a superior LIGHT BEER no matter the game Sporter, season superior is worth playing for. So sign up for ultra courtside at MICHELOB ULTRA dot com slash courtside and you can enjoy some of these games with nice beer in your hand. ENJOY RESPONSIBLY Copyright 2025 Anheuser-Busch MICHELOB ULTRA Registered LIGHT BEER St. LOUIS, Missouri. Must be 21 plus to order alcohol. Alcohol available only in select markets.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. If you missed it, we did a re watchable on Monday night. It was Rocky, the 1976 Oscar winner. Can't believe we didn't do it yet. It was me and Chris Ryan and Vian Lathan. So please go check that. I can check it on The Ringer Movies YouTube channel as well. I'm also on the Prestige TV podcast every Sunday night doing white Lotus recaps with Joanna and Mallory. And we have a great time doing that.


We're brought to you by Fandel Sportsbook as well by the way. And they're doing the 30 on 30 those little profit boosts that we do every Friday. You have to pick a 30 points plus score. Who's gonna get at least 30? Look at all the matchups. I'll tweet out my picks, who I think might have the best chance to do it. And if you hit, you get 30% profit boost on it. So let's say Yoic on Friday night is like, I don't know, minus 1 28. You hit that. You get 30% on top of what you win. Be sure to claim the PBT place your 30 on 30 bet for Friday. Just look for 30 on 30 in the FanDuel Sportsbook app.


So I think this is the fifth year we've done it. Me and Big Ws and House, we draft the worst contracts in the league. It sounds like a negative podcast. It's actually very positive 'cause we have a lot of laughs. We have a great time talking about it. We're gonna talk Warriors, Lakers at the top with House and wa, and then dive into the worst contracts of 2025 in the NBA. This is always a blast. Can't wait first. Our friends from pro.


All right, we've been doing it every year since 1977. The worst NBA contracts draft one of my favorite times of the year. We always wait for the perfect week of the season. Far enough away from the playoffs. Right after the trade deadline guys start getting sidelined, scratched bodies start breaking down. Perfect time to do this. And we have a couple doozies at the top house. Just thinking back this decade, who was your favorite worst contractor of the decade before the guys this year? It was probably the Ben Simmons, right? Oh, no, no. When he had all that money left, that was he number one or somebody else? No, no, no, no, no. There nobody will ever rival Bradley Beal. This, we really should change the name of this.


Bradley Beal has a no trade clause, like the impact of the Bradley Beal contract on the face of the league over the last, you know, seven or eight years. Just unbelievable mind, mind blowing dearly. It was unbelievable to you as it was happening. And the no trade pushed it over the top. Is there anybody else you would put Woz? Would you put Simmons above that or no? Oh, Ben Simmons. Bradley Bill. I think those are the two. The creme de la creme specifically. 'cause Ben Simmons got a max contract and then never played. Right. And when he did play, he didn't wanna take layups. So yeah, those two are the ones that immediately come to mind.


Obviously legacy deals like John Wall out there, like there's a few other doozies but Oh yeah, there was the Westbrook one, I forgot. Yeah, we had that wall Westbrook trade combo. Yes. Simmons was five years for 1 77 And I think the last four was just complete regret. Yes. By everybody who had 'em. So we should mention, you know, we've been trying to stay positive on the pods with our ringer NBA coverage. This isn't a sadly negative podcast, but we have fun. Hey, there's great contracts, great trades, great teams. The storylines are awesome right now. How sweet. We haven't talked on the pod. We have the Warriors and Lakers as legitimate contenders.


All of a sudden it's magnifi wonderful. The the league feels like it's been supercharged over the last couple weeks. We, we were like worried, oh my God, this is just gonna be Cleveland, Boston, OKC and literally nobody else. And now all of a sudden Denver's in there, the Lakers, the Warriors, the Knicks are kind of lingering a little bit, but Waz super fun NBA season all of a sudden. Yeah, I mean I think the, the Luca trade definitely took this thing into a whole different gear. Obviously we spent a lot of time talking about what happened, why it happened, how it happened, but the actual basketball to watch Luca kind of just pretty much automatically be embraced by the crowd at crypto.


Yeah. Where he is just playing to the crowd and just straight up he's in it. And it's kind of amazing that it's come together in nine freaking games this way. Yeah, it's, well it's even more amazing that some people were saying, I don't know, I don't know how those guys are gonna play together. Two ball dominant guys. It's like what? Literally Two of the highest IQ guys we've had in the last 30 years on a basketball court. Insane. I'm pretty sure they'll figure it out. It's been really fun to watch and how I wanna drop the first F bomb of the, I mean he's a force fucking multiplier. Yes. Like that dude because of his basketball brain and you put the two biggest basketball brains on the planet together. Yeah, I think they're gonna figure it out.


But think about where we were in the first third of the season. The criticism levied against the NBA and we, it was proper criticism. Are we really gonna do this goddamn retirement tour thing with LeBron and Steph Curry and Kevin Durant? We have to watch all these shitty games with these shitty teams and now look where we are. Right? Look where we are. So on the one hand Yeah, we have, yeah, Go ahead. We have a Celtic Laker game Saturday night that's, you know, other than tremendous first Cleveland o KC game. It's probably the most fascinating game in the season. And it's two guys that the Celtics have real history with. Right. They played Luca in the, in the finals last year. Yep. And then LeBron has been their biggest foil of the 21st century both on the same team.


They're so weird to watch just as a team now. They have no center, they no point guard. Whoa, whoa, Whoa. Jackson Hayes dropped 20 points in The first half night I had, you had long arm Jackson. But you watch that and you're like, I, I don't know why this is working, but it's working. And this is a team I would not wanna see in a series when everything slows down and you have to play the same team every time for two weeks. And I just don't wanna see these guys. I'd run any circumstances. And LeBron looks rejuvenated, by the way. LeBron started to look rejuvenated two weeks before this trade. Yeah, I'm just flagging that. I'm just flagging that. Yeah, he's, he's hop In a step for about two weeks earlier. You say the same thing about Steph.


As soon as they, they, they acquired Jimmy Curry, he drop a 56 on us. Like how, Hey. Yes. Did you say Jimmy Curry? You've already had your first mopro of the pod. I love I did say it, yeah. Jimmy, Jimmy Curry, whatever. Jimmy Butler Know. That's the, that's the new duo though. But no, LeBron seems to have a pep and a step. He had a chase down block the other day where I'm just like, this guy's now back to chase down blocking people. I loved it. They're, they've smartly decided that no Luka Don is the point guard. The orchestrator. Yeah. We'll just work around, I don't know, one of the three best players in the NBA and they've been rewarded for that. And the JJ Reddick stuff is absolutely working.


Every time the Lakers social media account posts one of his post-game speeches. I know it's bullshit, but I'm bought in. I'm like, I'm ready to run through a wall for this guy. It's amazing to watch, Watch. It's, it's a great point. What the Lakers have been doing. Yeah. It's very Dan Campbell Lions ish, those speeches. He does. And you know, it's little stuff with him like the pulling back Dalton Connect, right Guy gets traded outta nowhere, goes to Charlotte, meets everybody on Charlotte trade gets rescinded. It's like, ooh, hey man, good to see you again. How have you been? Boy, this is awkward. And yet he's, he's he's, you know, inspiring him.


It's not like he's a huge part of the team, but he's one of their best nine guys that kind of need him. I've been fascinated watching, and I've talked about this in the pop before, but watching LeBron just like his fucking Terminator brain, recalculating how he should be used with Luca having the ball this much. And I think he immediately embraced, I don't need to actually use as much energy as I used to. This is actually really good for me now. I'm like picking my spots in short bursts. It's very similar to that first Miami season when Wade was awesome and he didn't know how to pick his spots that year, especially as we got in the playoffs and Now, you know, he's such a good three point shooter. He wasn't in 2011. Now he is, but then he's also figured out the defense rebounding.


It's a really great team to watch right now. And I'll say this, I know a lot of Laker fans as this was, I can't even describe how euphoric they are. They went from like, this is a wrap. Yeah, I don't like watching this team. I can't take another ad up and down. He's hurt. He wants to play the four LeBron's padding his stats. He's not playing defense. This sucks. We're fucked for the decade to, in a flip, just like it's, it's like they inherited money from some aunt they never knew. It's like my aunt just gave me $10 million. I I hadn't seen her in 12 years. That's the attitude. They're going absolutely crazy house And I might have to move.


They deserve to be going crazy. Like that is the only rational response in the face of, you know, the most extraordinary irrational trade in the history maybe of professional sports. I mean I guess that Deshaun Watson, It's at least basketball might rival it. No, it's at least basketball. I think it's the craziest top five most indefensible trade we've had in basketball. All of sports. All of sports. Well, because the other part we've been alive and we said this when the trade happened, And I know I said this on this pod, this is the greatest thing you ever did for Luca Doni. Yeah. We talked about this was when we did the trade deadline pod like a week after. It's like, well yeah, maybe you were worried about some stuff but you just did him the greatest favor you could have ever done. Then you lit a fire in them. So kick it's a kick in the ass.


Yes. Yeah. Now, now he's gonna have a comeback. And that's the other thing with LA is LA loves comeback stories. La loves like, oh, Ben Affleck, he's, he's made Gone Baby gone. He's back. He looked like he had hit rock bottom. Now he's putting his career back together and this Luca's as great as he is, but he was a little bit of a comeback story. It's gonna be fun to watch him get in better shape, embrace vegan food, embrace smoothies, embrace the Versa climber, all this stuff. He, He's gonna be getting vitamin D, He, he's gonna, he's gonna be getting the Hailey Bieber from Erdogan. Is that, is that What're saying He needs a celebrity relationship soon it's gonna, he is gonna be playing all the hits.


It's gonna be great. I fellas, I don't wanna see this team in a playoff series if I'm basically anybody. And I'm sure there's gonna be ways as we keep watching them that you can solve some of their deficiencies. But right now it just, if you have two guys who are putting up 60 points a game, that's, I just don't wanna see a team like that. So that story's been great. And then Golden State. Oh Excellent. The Jimmy thing is excellent. Can we officially say that worked out way better for them than getting kd? Yes. Because when we did the trade deadline, we were like, hmm, I don't know, what are we getting from Jimmy? And we were all bullish on the Jimmy part. But I think now that we've watched it, the fact that he can give them this two-way defense stuff doesn't really necessarily need the ball.


You don't get all of the up and down personality stuff that sadly KD brings to the table from time to time. We saw it the other night on TV Watch. Would you Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait though like it Jimmy in in Miami didn't cover himself in glory in terms of it's fair up and down. Like I'm just Talking this season house. Well This season Happy Jimmy. We've seen Jimmy's teeth this season. He, he, he was bitch Jimmy for, for you know, 45 to 60 days. Like you, you really want to say from an, if you're comparing the emotional kind of component of it, I'm not sure that I'm willing to concede. I think kd, if he had been into it, would've arrived with the very best attitude. But I don't know if would be Super Dunno if he was into it. I do Wasn't into it.


And here's the other thing about K, She didn't wanna go to Golden State House if he Did want to, is what I'm saying. Right. If it had in his brain that that was where he Wanted to land, if my had fall, she'd be my uncle. I mean he didn't wanna go to Golden State five House. But this is the thing, this is why I disagreed with you house is when's the last time Katie was happy somewhere 2016. Golden. 17. Yeah. 16, 17 Golden State. That was the last fall. Happy. So, so the guy's just been, you know, perpetually unhappy. Like everybody remembers that last year in Golden State. Like people think this Bo Holes thing is like outta left field. It's like go look at the last year in Golden State. Like this guy was miserable. A lot of people described it as morose for an entire season for the best team in the league by far.


Right. Obviously the Brooklyn thing blew up And I look, I I I've kind of defended what Jimmy did 'cause it's just like, look, you guys don't want to pay me after I basically overachieved my entire tenure here. Yeah I'm blowing this thing up. Like it, it was ugly but he got the right outcome for himself and his career. He got his money in Golden State and now he's on a team that I think is as scary as anyone. And it is specifically because they got Jimmy Butler. The defense has taken another step and Jimmy is just seamlessly fit into the offense, which I kind of thought would be the case. 'cause he played in a similar offense in Miami around, you know, Tyler Hero and Duncan Robinson getting free on the three point line. Now it's Steph Curry.


Right. It's crazy. Well the other thing, it's so funny with basketball you can just add one guy and the entire team slides into place. Right? Like now Moody is kind of doing a Wiggins impersonation defensively. And he was really good the other night in that, in that Knicks game pods who had the ball too much and they were almost using him as like a second, second playmaker. 'cause they didn't really have another choice. Now he just is who he is, which is a guy on the side who can hit some threes and rebound and play hard. And then Draymond doesn't have to worry about anything at all other than throwing entry passes to Jimmy or setting screens for Steph and you fail. Illa And I talked about it Sunday. It's like you can see it's, it's like a different human being.


Steph. Now Steph had way of the world on his shoulders, just looked like he had played nine games and 10 nights every night. And now he's skipping around that the way he played at MSG and he's a little, he tweaked ankle and he's just dancing and prancing the whole day, which was awesome. So, you know, it's funny 'cause we talked, I dunno how many months ago about how this league was a prisoner of the LeBron Steff eras and they couldn't move on and create these new stars. And now ironically they might get these two, the the thing to watch for me is can Golden State get into the four five? Can they get OKC in round two? 'cause I wanna get them earlier than later and try And I think avoid that Lakers Denver combo.


Let those guys beat the hell out of each other and 'cause those are, those are gonna be tough matchups for them. But if they can play OKC, I know OKC is excellent and they're a really good young team. Yeah. And they're having a great season. But Golden State OKC, they've already had awesome games. That's a team that I think Golden State feels like we can play with this team. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. And I just feel like I, if we end up, we could have a round two where we could have Celtics Knicks, we could have Lakers, Denver, and we could have Golden State OKC. Those would be three of the four series And I don't even know they're super realistic. Yeah. And then the the, it would be Cleveland against somebody crappy.


How before we get to where, And I'm sorry I may be a tangent, but am I the only one who thinks Cleveland is clearly the favorite? Right Now You are 100,000, 50000000%. The only one I I I and I'm not buying this reverse jinx crap. I'm not Reverse jinx at anything. I don't not doing last Year gonna sniff this out. You know, we knew you were gonna do this reverse jinx. I look the Celtics went out to a 25 to three lead. I think that's for a reason. I think they're just a nightmare matchup for Cleveland because they get Cleveland out of their base offense, which is ball movement, quick hitting, all of that stuff. The Celtics being so switch heavy. It's just like, no, like Garland.


You gotta beat somebody. You know Donovan Mitchell, you gotta prove that you're an all NBA caliber shot creator, finisher. You gotta beat somebody. You know it's gonna be Drew Holiday, it's gonna be Tatum, it's gonna be brown. Like they're gonna force these guys to play in the one-on-one. Okay. And I think they're gonna be fine. Like honestly It all depends on the health right. Of the Celtics when those two teams get together. Yes. That will be it. That's the most important thing for that matchup. Two things, health. I thought the Phillys Super Bowl really fucked me up. Has, Well you didn't have me on to help steer you so no, didn't, no one can blame. But You go on Your KC for that bill. You were in New Orleans eating fried oysters That I could have jumped on the phone.


No, I've had a lot of regrets And I've spent a lot of time thinking about what went wrong with the, with my Super Bowl pick. 'cause my instincts are telling me, Philly, I've talked about this, but I do wonder sometimes if hunger is the most underrated noun in sports. And that's what worries me about Cleveland versus Boston. As Boston plays hard, Tatum plays hard every night the team gives a shit. But Cleveland hasn't been there before. And every guy on that team, when they play the Celtics, it'll be the most important two weeks of their life. And the Celtics can't stay the same. And there's that little edge of like game seven at home Donovan Mitchell with like, holy shit, I could actually make the finals.


This is, this is my moment right now. The Celtics had that last year. Going back to back is really hard. The history of the NBA is like, this is the single hardest thing you can do in the NBA is win the second time in a row. And that's what worries me. That the health, what am I getting from Ingas? What am I getting from holiday? And then this Cleveland team that just can play everybody 30 minutes a game or less. They have incredible depth. They have a bench, they have a huge lead. They're gonna play somebody absolutely shitty in round one. Right? Like truly shitty. Whoever that eight, nine, that is gonna be a shit team. They're gonna get a sweep in that. They're just gonna be fresh in round two.


And that, you know, that's, that's a real thing. So those are my concerns. House. Who would be the fourth seat in the east? I'm blanking. That would be Indiana, Milwaukee, Indiana. So, I mean, Milwaukee's playing better in Indiana. I think Detroit's making a push by the way. Let's not rule out Detroit. Oh they had A tough loss last night. Why? This guy Schroder has been really good as on the piston. I sh that was a sneaky train. I dunno why Miami didn't want him. Especially when Terry Roger has died as we're gonna cover in the draft. It's because Miami, he's a all ball menace. He plays his ass off on defense. Like this guy really tries, he takes his matchup personal every single night. Obviously he's a yapper and gets under the skin of every single one of his opponents.


Oh yeah. Sometimes he's on teammates too, but that's neither here nor there. I just, I just think he's a gamer man. And you too. You, every now and again, he'll get you some buckets blow by guys driving kick guy. He'll make his threes every night. Like I, I've always been a shooter guy. They played him. They he came off the bench yesterday hard. Him went nuts yesterday. And Schroder kind of took him in the fourth quarter and was just doing a whole bunch of German extruder things on him and just defending him full court, annoying him and hard it was getting better and better. I think that Detroit team, that Detroit Knick series is gonna be an absolute bitch for the Knicks. And I can't wait because they are gonna be trying to get in fights.


Try, you know, shoving matches, get chippy. They're gonna try to work on towns. They're gonna try to hit Brunson. They have wa where do you, we, so, And I talked about this Sunday, Ron Holland, who's I think averaging an altercation every 10 minutes. Is he on your radar yet? Yeah, he's, he's a little Ron Art testy. He's, he's on my radar obviously. Freaking Stewart beef stew. Like that Guy's stew's number one now. Yeah. Pretty much ready to rumble no matter who the opponent is. The guy almost murdered LeBron James two years ago. But yeah, Ron Holland is fun. I like that. He's, I like that they haven't been afraid to throw him on the deep end, man. Right. And just let him sort of figure it out.


I think coming into last year's draft, people saw him as like kind of the most, you know, sort of physically athletically gifted of the bunch. If not, you know, the most skilled and, and crafty. But I, I've liked what I've seen from him so far. I think I how Good staff is coaching these guys up. I really Do. Yeah, I agree. I like how feisty they're feisty team. Okay, we're gonna, we're gonna take a break and then we're gonna do the worst contracts draft.


Hal, are you playing FanDuel? 30 on 30 every time you put one out I ride. Because you can, you can cash in on betting with FanDuel's FanDuel America's number one sports book every Friday night. The Ringer. We came up with this idea with them. 30% profit boost if you pick a player to score more than 30 points. And what's really fun is you can look at the matchups like we got tomorrow. You can look at like Phoenix, Denver and be like, oh, joker's going off. That feels like a 30 pointer. Just throw, just grab his 30 on 30 and you're ready to go. FanDuel the home for all your favorite prop bets. Whether you wanna ride with my picks, 'cause I'll be making picks on Friday on Twitter. Or make your own. Just look for 30 on 30 in the FanDuel sports book gap or head to FanDuel dot com slash bs for your chance to score a bigger payout this Friday night. Make every moment more with FanDuel. You must be 21 plus President. Select states are 18 plus president in DC where Joe House is. Peter Schreker given DC a lot of love recently on this podcast. Opt-in required bonus issued as doable profit Boost tokens restrictions apply including any token expiration, max wager amount. See terms@sportsbook.fender.com Game problem. Call winning hundred gambler. Visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA. MICHELOB ULTRA. A superior LIGHT BEER in the ultimate trophy. Win or lose. You're bound to enjoy the ride with a good beer in hand. MICHELOB ULTRA crisp, refreshing only 95 calories, a superior LIGHT BEER. No matter the game sporter, season superior is worth playing for. Always be prepared for a win and order MICHELOB ULTRA today available on Doordash. By the way, ENJOY RESPONSIBLY 2025 Anheuser-Busch MICHELOB ULTRA LIGHT BEER St. LOUIS, Missouri Must be 21 plus to order alcohol, alcohol available only in select markets.


All right, it's time. The worst contracts draft, I think this is our fifth one to the four or five might be the fifth one. And the rules are as follows. We go, we go in a not snake fashion, we just go in a circle. I'll read the, you have to say the contract or I'll say it after you pick the guy. And the thing is, you, it's almost like reverse NBA trade value. The worst contract in the league. The one you wouldn't want the most, the most untradeable contract. The one that if you were a fan of the team, you would be like, oh my God. And there's one clear winner this year. We'll see if it goes house. Did you want the first pick or you didn't?


Because we have one wrinkle this year. Coaches and GMs are now eligible for the worst contract draft. And in, we've done coaches before in the GM case, we don't even know what the contracts are. But you could still take a guy, doesn't doesn't matter. Doesn't matter. Anyway. House or was one of you can have you want the first pick was or do you want it as I'll Go first. It's all, it's all good. It's, it's so obvious. It's almost like a ceremonial first pick in the sense that I agree. I, we all know what the outcome is gonna be and it's got to be Bradley Beal of the Phoenix Sons. Wow. Wow. That was not who I had on my board. I I still, well I have him forth No shot.


And the rea and the reason why is we just went through this exercise. The sons were desperate to move this guy. They spent basic, they did all kinds of tactics. They tried to bench him to get him to remove his no trick. Like they tr they tried everything to get this man off of their team. Like they had Jimmy Butler on hold, like ready to go, locked and loaded. They were gonna improve their roster. They called everyone. It was not possible. This is an immovable, it's literally can't be moved. And I, this is an interesting case because it SA actually is untradeable and you can't trade. So from a worse contract, you can't trade it.


I don't know. I I'm, he's winning me over house. You can't, not only can you not trade him, okay. And like there was this sort of like I did Will Bradley Bill's still a, you know, a decent contributing player. Like the other night, the, you know, KB and Bud game, they completely took off after Bradley Bill's ass went to the bench. Right. And then the, so he's getting 50 million this year. 53 million next year and then 57. Well he has got a player option. Yeah. Hold on. Wonder if he's gonna take his player. Sean Is reporting, he's exercised it. Yeah. His player option is 57 million in 26, 27 all while holding a no trade clause, which means he basically has the franchise by the barrel.


Okay. To me this is still because of the two extra years still the worst deal in the NBA and And I I get it. There's other guys here that I'm like, wow, this is tough. But Bradley Beal to me is the worst. So, so I, I quite love it. And, and I'll just interject quickly. I think it would be fine if we wanted to rename this worst contract, we just call it the Bradley Beal Memorial Worst contract and just do it every year. Name this for Bradley Beal, like arguably one of the worst contracts in the history of bad contracts in the, in the NBA. See, see, I would argue we should name it after Andre Blotch. That was only $27 million. I know, but they, they gave him an extension and then amnesty him before the extension kicked in.


We're never gonna top that. That's never gonna happen in the history of the week ever again. I beg for them to do that with John Wall when they gave John Wall the, the, the giant extension. Right. That could be the, it could that John Wall too. The, The reason that Beal deserves this top billing is because he set two franchises back at grand total of how many years? It'll be at least 14 to 15 years if you add up the number of years that Washington's gonna take to recover and be competitive. And how long it will be before Phoenix is, is competitive again. That that's truly amazing. You gotta give up, give it up to, to Tommy Shepherd for that one. Well it's also funny that they, the way they got him was they, Chris Paul was an expiring, right.


That they could have bought out after his next year. And then they had Aon who they wanted to get rid of and they somehow turned that into Beal. And then another guy who's gonna be in this worst contracts draft a little bit later. And it was like they took two things where they actually would've had some flexibility and now they're just stuck. I just wanna mention his last two years, he's averaging 18 a game with 51 40, 42 82 percentage splits. And on paper you could go to basketball reference in 50 years and be like, Bradley Bill wasn't that bad. This contract's devastating. When do you think his last season playing 61 games was House would know this way better Than me.


Right before the extension. Right before, like, you know, it was before the extension. The 2018 19 season. There you go. Geez. Yeah. Wow. How many playoff games do you think he's played since he lost to the Celtics in the Kelly Olin game? He, he definitely, we, Russell Westbrook single handedly dragged the wizards into the playoffs. So he played four games Yeah. As they got their asses swept in, in that series. And then, I don't know how many, what has he played? Three, four games for the sons. He's played 15 total. Okay. So I, and they're not making it this year. So that'll be eight playoff games. 15 playoff games in eight years for Bradley. Anyway. A stunning number one pick. But I kind of liked it.


Bold people tomorrow in the papers would be like big was Bold with This first pick, you Know, And I got big, big And I gotta say, going through this list, there's just not as many horrific, scary, Scary contracts. I know. Yeah. There's, there's, we, we have the same depth be Yeah, I agree. Most Of these contracts are like, eh, not that terrible. Some of them you could be like, oh they, it's kind of risky. But most of these deals, like even if a guy is slightly overpaid, it's not a franchise killer the way this Bradley Bill thing is, and I'm sure I, I'm pretty sure I know your next pick is gonna be, but yeah, it's tough.


How's your next pick? Well this is, so I, I respect Woz 'cause he's a traditionalist. He went with the, the OG here. This, this is an out of, slightly out of left field. But you know, thi this, this guy changed, he altered the course of two franchises. Speaking of, you know, a a five to 10 year recovery window for one franchise and another franchise that's going to enjoy it should be at least another decade of prosperity. It's, it's Nico Harrison. I mean, wasn't Nico Harrison, I don't know how much money that man made. And I know that he is going to, I hope he is beefing up on, on the current offering of Nike sneakers or whatever because that, that man is going to return to the sneaker business.


He is, there is no franchise in the NBA that he can go to now. There are no more jobs for him in terms of, of a front office. How do you tell your fan base? Yeah, well even quietly. Yeah, we brought him in 'cause he's got this relate No, you no, no, no. This is his last job in a front office. And I keep looking for the definitive economic impacts. Like nobody's done the soup to nuts of, of how much money it will cost. The Dallas Mavericks just over the next five years. I think it's gonna take much longer than that for them to properly recover because of what happened to Kyrie. But I it's very, at the very, very lowest conservative estimate, it is a billion dollars.


It is a billion dollars in diminished value for that Dallas franchise. When you think about the impact on revenue from, from attendance. Okay, fine. All of that is, is getting walloped the revenue that they're going to get there and over the air, you know, in their local broadcast, they don't have a a, a regional sports network that they're on. They switch that. How are they gonna get advertisers to pay anything to what for people, How about Jersey sales games, Jer Right. Merchandise partners. How do you, how do you tell the whatcha gonna tell those people? So on down the line, you can go through six or seven or eight categories. The ways the team make money, the way that the teams have cash flow walled, just take it right off.


I think the ultimate economic impact is gonna be between a billion and a half and $2 billion. And think of how remarkable it is in this era where in every sport we look at them, we say the best investment that a rich person can make is in a professional sports franchise. Because no franchise ever goes down in value. This motherfucker, look at the alchemy he performs here. He took the golden goose and turned it into a golden pile of shit. Magnificent. That is the worst contract in professional basketball. Oh Lord. And we don't even know how much he makes. And he is number two in the worst contract draft. Yeah. I did something on my pod at the top on, on Tuesday And I was thinking about it.


'cause remember like when LeBron left Cleveland the first time and they would do those franchise values every year. Oh yeah. And last year he was on Cleveland. Yeah. They were like the number two team and then a year later they were like 28th and it was just, they went from being like worth, I don't know, a billion 0.2 to like being worth like 500 million. This is 15 years ago. If Luca wins the title with the Lakers this year, you could argue Dallas, might they like this might be a, they have to move in the middle of the night and go somewhere else. Like just break leases. Like, like who is the guy in the Colts ore? Yeah. In they Just move to Baltimore in the middle of the night one night moving trucks. It might be a move in the middle of the night one night.


I don't know how they recover. And, and the way sports is consumed now with all these little kids get attached to players instead of teams and all these kids love Luca. I don't know how they come back. Yeah. It's like, wow, this might be like a death blow. It's Tough. I gotta say I've been one of the biggest like look elements of wanting to move on from Luca were justifiable people in the media, right? Like there are elements to it where I'm like, I understand why a team would say, you know what man, this guy is gonna be problematic after we give him $350 million. The bottom line is trading for ad just, it just, you just could, you just had to do something more or better than what you did.


Well you had to get, you did twice as much in the trade and then even then, I'm not sure did. Yeah. And, and and then ad goes and it's just like the way he framed it in the media was about availability. Ad goes down immediately the first game he plays and ask you now Kyrie's gone. Lively's gone. G's gone, gone. Did you see? Did gone, did he see kids sing? Did you see kids' thing about he was, he took real offense that people thought it was the increased workload that that hurt Kyrie's knee. And he is like, it was a fluke injury. It was like dude took offense. We've been following the NBA our whole lives. Like this is Clay Thompson going down the 2019 finals. 'cause he was playing like crazy minutes and doing some crazy workload and then all of a sudden his, his leg blew out.


Like, this is what happens in the league. The more you put on these guys, the more likely it is they're gonna break down. Dumbass. I I have a, a question, I have a serious question because that, that trade was immediately followed by the Lakers trying to acquire Mark Williams and then for whatever reason having cold feet about that. And The reason you mean when they backed out, They, back When they sh shook out a trade and backed out, he the first team of 15 years to back out of a trade. This was a smart back out The Ask. Good back out. They Used the physical Dallas acquired a hurt player and then got him hurt and somehow he passed the physical. So I would like at Some point To Understand, oh I like this.


The better move would've been to back outta the trade 'cause of the physical because of the reaction. But now you've lit a fire under De Luca That've Been a better outcome. You've, you've also back said, open to the entire league the possibility that Luca's available. Let's see that auction, let's see how the rest of the league responds to that. Let's have a proper, I thought there was a possibility. I put it in the text threads within the first 12 hours that there was a, this crazy Machiavellian play. I wish that that's what had come to pass. But in what Dallas did is, is prove to all of us, they showed their ass in terms of their inability to run very basic downside cases. Like here's the hope for outcome. Kyrie's awesome ad's injury is behind him.


We have all these giant guys, we're gonna be good and we're gonna really com compete this year. Then we have a window. But the downside case that any sensible like rational business person would conduct is what happens if ad's injury is is lingering or, you know, can't be overcome quickly. Yeah. How does that impact, you know, the rest of the team? How does that impact directly Kyrie, what's our assessment of the injury risk to Kyrie going forward? Like what happened to Dallas is not extraordinary. It's the downside case. But now, now the rational basketball response, the only thing that would make sense and, and possibly win this, the, the fans back.


They got throw Nico into the bushes. They got a trade ad they have to get Well Nico Needs to move. Hey, I mean, what, why would he even want to stay in Dallas now? He's he should resign. Great. Point, point. Here's the thing, I'll make a prediction. 'cause we saw this in 2011 when Cleveland miraculously won the lottery the year after LeBron left. I I just think Dallas wins the lottery. Now I'm gonna bet on it. No, I'm gonna bet on un FanDuel. No. Yeah. Betting on it. No way. Dallas wins the lottery. No way. Yeah, This is like absolutely not. We got safe basketball at Dallas. Oh, they, everything's okay. You don't like this idea house like 101 odds. Well, I mean, Gambling on it and, and it coming to pass are two different things.


Of course I gamble on it saying I'm kidding. God. God, you took that, you guys took that so seriously. I'm up. I don't know how he's still on the board. It's a, it's very reminiscent of the 2014 NBA draft. When he fell to three, Vince Carter was half man half amazing. He's half man half available. He's Joel Embiid. Yeah. Five years. $299.5 million left by the end of this season because he is been scratched for the rest of the season. 452 games played 440 games missed. It's a very sad story. I don't mean to sound so excited talking about it. I'm just excited he was still on the board.


I'm just gonna read through his injuries. Guys in college, stress fractured his lower back missed March madness right before the draft. Stress fra stress fracture navicular bone in his foot. 2014 rebroke the same thing. 2015 left meniscus tear 2017 fractured orbital bone. 18 finger surgery 2020. Right? Meniscus tear 2021. So we tore meniscus in both legs. Torn ligaments, right Thumb 22 fractured, same orbital bone 22. Right torn lateral meniscus 23. There's two different meniscus I guess in his right knee.


Tore both of 'em. Bell's Palsy 24. And then this year they don't, they're not even telling us what the injury is. It's just left knee swelling management that now he's out. And what's weird is the left knee was the one that's only been operated on once, unless they're not telling us about one. And then the right knee, which isn't even the one that's having all the swelling, has two operations four years left. I, it, it's, I i I there's no way out of this. And we've seen with the big centers, like when once you keep breaking down like this, there's really no path back. And maybe if there's a path that's 50, 60 games brutal contract wise, why did they do the extension?


Will we ever, will we ever figure this out? Why did they do it? I think they did it. 'cause it's like before he went down last year, he was basically averaging 35 point, he was having the best scoring season since Michael Jordan, literally in like 1988. Right? And so the idea being like, look, when this guy was on the floor for us, he was amazing. And you know, even in his limited capacity against the Knicks, he was pretty good. And so the idea is like, oh, he's gonna get back to that form before he went down midway through the season. I think the problem for me and, and what makes this a justifiable pick is that, you know, guys go down and it's like, all right, he's got an ACL, he's got a PCL, he's got a broken fibia, he's got whatever ankle, whatever we, this is the problem.


This is the procedure we're gonna do. This is how long it's gonna take for him to come back. It's gonna be fine. They, they can't even tell us what is wrong with his knee and what they're gonna do. People are throwing out micro fracture surgery. Do they even Still do that? Dude, that, that's how dumbfounded they are by what they can do to address the problem in this. And it feels like there's nothing left to fix. Yeah. But why They said, so they do the extension, but then Bon Temps writes that piece right before the season starts about how Philly finally has their plan to peak in the playoffs. And Embi says, I'm never playing back to backs again for the rest of my career. That would've been my extension red flag.


Call me nuts to just add the 3 million, three years and 170 million to a contract I'm already worried about. Ha what, from what you saw from Embi in the Olympics, would you have given him an extension Under Any circumstances? Ask, can you remind me? You did this outstanding podcast with the executive producer of White Lotus David David Burn. Yeah. Bead. And he described this phenomena. He, he said one of the best pieces of advice he ever got was from, I can't remember who the famous person was that gave him this advice. It had to do with, you know, you get inside of, was it the monkey cage? What was it? It was inside of Oh yeah.


You, you can't, you can't get used to the smell of shit. You, You grow so acclimated to the smell of the shit that you cannot identify that there's a bad thing, that you're in an, in a bad environment situation. So for me, the problem with the Sixers goes all the way back to what I will forever argue was an ill-advised and Ill conceived return to the playoffs by Embiid. He wasn't ready, he wasn't healthy, we know this was it. Right? He had a 50 point game in the first game in Philadelphia. I went up there and watched it, it was awesome.


But he also had many dramatic moments where he went down on the floor and stayed on the floor for several minutes and then went to the locker room and then came back. That whole situation of him coming back to the playoffs and playing in under the highest leverage situation in the shape that he was in with his knee and the condition it was in. And then you go from that to the Olympics, which are barely six weeks later. And and even less than that when you consider the training and the USA team says, look, it's on the player to make the decision about the player's health. And what we saw from him looked like a competent Joel Embi.


Now. Wow. He, He had some impactful moments. Moments didn't look as explosive. No. They used his size really well, but he, you could tell he wasn't a hundred percent Right. Right. And so we come off of that and that's the moment when, when the extension is given after the, the Olympics. And Windhorse had a great story this week about some of the decision making and some, oh, they, they went, you know, the Sixers talked to every single knee specialist in, in, in the world and got the, By the way, way that's a red flag. They wanted the assurance, the, the problem with the extension is what the fuck was the rush? Like? Right. How about him just play the season.


See what happens now Maury said, then do it. You quote that Windhorse attributed to him was like, we didn't want to arrive in the summer of 25 and have the uncertainty, the potential chaos of him going somewhere else. And my question is, why the fuck not, why not? He would've Been 32 and had played 60% of the games in his career. I, listen, I've known Darrel a long time. I think if there's a flaw with him, I think he wants to be liked by players. And we saw that with the, when the hardened thing fell sideways. And I just think he likes Embi and wanted to take care of him and, and chose to see it as a glass half full versus a glass half empty thing. And I think the owners like Embi too.


And ultimately, like that was what was so funny about last week when they're leaking out like, this was Darryl's fault, Darryl did this. It's like the owner makes the decision. Yeah. Period. Like, period, just stop. It's that one person is is signing that extension and one person is asking all the questions and getting all the answers for it. But so, but just so it's a devastating, devastating contract Now. But just so folks, folks understand, let's just say presumably he plays three more years on this knee in 28, 29, he's going to be owed basically $70 million. That's tough. And we don't, That's Tough. There might be some like insurance wrinkles with this.


Yeah, that that's right. You know, 'cause we found out more info about Zion's contract as it as the months came out and there might be some wrinkles with this, but as of yet, we have not heard of any. And this just seems like a straight $300 million for a guy who doesn't seem like he's gonna be able to play that much And is age 30, what would that be? 30? There'll Be 31 next year. Yeah. Yeah. If we were gambling on this before, like what do you think is more likely he retires in the next two years or he makes it to the third year of that contract? Oh, he's gonna make it to the third year. Yeah. He's He's making it, he's Not retiring. We have not seen, the only person we've seen retire is Andrew Luck. Yeah. Like just walk away from money.


And that was seemed like a more like, I don't wanna put my body through this anymore house. Okay. He's not Gonna retire before this contract is up. He can't, his his accountant will not allow it. Okay. Yes. He can't. So 20 games a seasoned out of him for the Sixers, Hey, hey, it is what whatever I gotta do to make it to the finish line and listen, look, I think Joel and B is a bit of a tragic figure. A lot of a tragic figure. I I mean everybody likes him. It's, You know, it's what it's, and he to want it really badly, it's just his body just straight up has not cooperated. And that sucks. But at the end of the day, he's gonna have like $600 million in career earnings. Yeah. And I don't feel that bad for a guy, you know? Right. Well, how, And I pretty good house And I are old enough to remember doing this dance with Bill Walton way, way, way back when Ying Greg Oin.


Sure. They're Ralph Sampson. There's been a lot of big dudes that their bodies couldn't hold up because just fundamentally it's really hard natural, a seven foot three person to run up and down a basketball court up for nine months a year and jump up and down and land on things. You're, you're playing with fire. All right, we're gonna take one more break and then we'll do the rest.


This episode is brought to you by vrbo, private Vacation Rentals with vrbo, you always get the whole house so you and your fellow fans can cheer on your team in peace. What's worse than watching a game with somebody who's not rooting for the same team? You're rooting for nothing. But that's why if you book a vacation house with vrbo, you know all the people in your house, they'll be friends, they'll be family. Ideally, they'll be the ones who also root for my teams. Plan a winning vacation, make it a vrbo.


This episode is brought to you by the new MGM Plus original series Nine Bodies and a Mexican morgue. All right, here's one for the mystery fans. There are 10 passports, nine bodies, and one deadly secret. That's the setup for nine bodies in a Mexican morgue. The new MGM plus original series that'll keep you guessing until the very end. A plane crashes deep in the jungle. Nine passengers survive until they don't. One by one, the survivors start dying in brutal, mysterious ways. Now they're not just fighting the elements, they're fighting to stay alive. Starring Emmy Award winner Eric McCormick, this gripping thriller will have you second guessing everything. Watch nine bodies in the Mexican War streaming now and Mjm Plus with new episodes Sundays, by the way, great movies Atj Plus.


All right, come back. Woz is up. There's one, one Big kahuna still left on the board. This is, This is the last obvious. This is just horrible contract, in my opinion, left in the league. There's ones this other ones that are like, all right, this is pretty bad, but this is like horrific. And it's Joelle and Be's teammate Paul George. Yeah. I honestly thought these two could be one too in the drafts. No, easily. I think so. I think you could make arguments for both. We, We are in this situation with this worst contract draft where we have one guy who costs his team like a billion and a half dollars, and another guy that cost his team $500 million. And both of those franchises are looking at a decade of pure effing misery Coming up.


Yeah. Amazing. So Paul George is four years, two, 11.6, three years after this one. Yep. He's player Option in 27, 28 for 56 mil. Probably opting into that one. I retired, I couldn't figure out a way to look this up because I'm not smart enough. But when somebody drops six points a game, just fundamentally, when somebody goes from 22 to 16 and they played, they're like year 12 or later, it usually doesn't come back. I remember talking about this with Jermaine O'Neill 20 years ago. When you go from being a 24 10 guy or a 2211 guy and now you're like a 15 and nine guy, it doesn't come back.


And that, that would be my fear with Paul George. And I don't, they said like something's wrong with his finger, but it doesn't explain the lack of explosiveness. And he, it's so bad. And, and this is the thing I think we gotta give cut Darrell a break here a little bit in the sense that last year on the Clippers, Paul George was an all NBA performer. Yeah. He was his, the, the Clippers on off numbers with Paul George on, on both offensive defense. He was, he was their best player last year. Yeah. He was a bonafide star NBA player last year. And he's coming to the 70, 76 ERs environment. Just turned into a pumpkin. Like, I don't think we could have foreseen this, this so Bad.


Wow. We could have foreseen it. This just bad house. This was one of those, we see this in sports sometimes. The you had to do it, but you didn't feel awesome about it as you're doing it. Signings. We, We had this argument in October when we were doing the over under Pod Me, you and, and Illa. And I'm the only one that that chose the over for Philadelphia. I, I own it, but I did understand the thesis. I understood all of the moves that Philadelphia made in their off season. It was a gamble, it was an all in all the chips to the center of the table gamble where that Philadelphia team on paper as we entered the season, looked like it had the potential to compete. I'm not saying beat, but compete with Boston.


Boston is the standard. How can we get, put guys around Joel and Beat the whole thing revolves around Joel and Beat's Health. That is, you know, obviously the, the, the biggest part of the gamble, but the other side of the gamble is that Paul George will show up. The thing that the Sixers had done successfully in the two seasons leading up to this season is in those chunks of time that Embi was missing, they could tread water and they were able to tread water through Yeah. You know, the players that they had, Paul George was supposed to be the tread water character, but that dude showed up. I will never, this will always be Paul George for me. And I hope when he gets into the Hall of Fame that they put this picture up as part of the, the montage for his legacy.


Him putting his mouth on his wife's titty on Spring break, you know, during, right before the All Star. I, you know, the, the players that aren't involved with the All-Star game are off on their version of, of having a break. And that man has the goal to put on his Instagram, his mouth on his wife's titty. That will forever be the Paul George moment. For, for me that will, I'll always think of him under that context. All the same moves. That's it. That's it. Well, next year's year 16 for him in the NBA. Damn. Wow. The year after that will be year 17. And then the last year of this contract will be year 18, not feeling great about it. And he's another one that's had some, some physical stuff.


Right. He is got the rod in his leg and all kinds of things. Well house you're up. And the and the, there's, I think there's one primetime guy left here, but we'll see if you take 'em. Oh, interesting. Because I now, now I'm officially kind of ha having You think the draft has dropped? Yeah, I'm having a hard time. We're To drop off. There's, I think there's one good one left. But let, let's See, because we can do House is already, well I'm gonna, it's round two and house is already like flummoxed and can't figure out who to pick. No, I'm not Flumed. I know who, who I wanna put in here and you know, I'm prepared to take a pick all of the lings and arrows. It's Scotty Barnes. I don't like the Scotty Barnes extension. Wow. I don't like it. One, one bit.


They they have, this is the thing, right? And the reason why I'm putting him in at this moment, oh my God, I know what I'm gonna take from, from from Toronto. The bullets I'm about to take from, from the Raptors. But somebody proved to me that he is not Zach Levine. Somebody proved to me that he is not Trey Young. The problem with paying a guy that's not ready to be the leader of the team. And look, you, you can say he's been hurt. Well yes, he's been hurt. He's only into the fourth year of, of his NBA career. I don't want guys that are, are missing chunks of time. The way that Scottie Barnes is missing time now, is it deliver? Okay, wait, can we give the contract, because he's on the last year of his rookie deal, which is 10 million next year we're kicking in five years, 2 24, he's shooting.


So you're not, you're not a fan. Well, he's, he's, it, it's the, his worst year shooting percentage wise of his entire career. So I've Been, I I've been saying this for a while and the Toronto fans get mad. I'm not against Scotty Barnes becoming potentially a guy, but they've been, he's been treated from day one. Like he yelled a future franchise guy I got years ago because was remember he wasn't in the KD trade. Yeah. And I got yelled at a few years ago 'cause I implied that he wasn't the next Kauai Leonard. People thought I was insane. They kept saying look at his rookie stats compared to Kawhi. I'm like, guys, like this is not like, I think Scotty March is a really good player. Me too. I don't think he's anybody's idea Of number one. You go really good. I think he's a good player.


I don't think he's anybody's idea of a number one option. I think around the right circumstance where he would be deemphasized and just kind of just solely allowed to focus on the strengths and not, you know, firing up threes on a regular basis. Right. Controlling the ball at the end of game. It's 70. It's that I Philly situation, right. Where it's like all he's, you're not really a number one guy, but if you're a number three guy in an awesome team, you might be awesome. Tell me when he will make his first all NBA team. Hey, he made the Allstar team last year. How? He's an, he's an NBA Allstar Allstar. So he's knocking on the door theoretically on all NBAA great theory.


I've never been the biggest Scotty Barnes person, but I, I don't see his contract as like, you know, some kind of death nail to Toronto's future. I think some of the team building they've, you know, taken the actions they've taken in that direction, I think are highly problematic. But I don't think Scotty Barnes is like some horribly overplaying. I Love it. Houses replaced Trump as the number one enemy of Canada. I love it. I put him where the Kuck brothers, I put him where I put him because we've seen this, this song of dance before. It's, it's good. And you warned us about Bradley Beal, you've warned us about guys in the past. So Scotty Barnes averaging 28 and six, he's shooting 27% from three and the team loses your game.


It's His worst shooting percentage. Yeah. So here's what I compare Scotty Barnes to, I compare it to the deal that Wiggins got off of his rookie extension. Oh no. Where Glen Taylor said that. Well Andrew Wiggins promised me that he was gonna work his ass off in the off season. Yeah. And so I gave him the max contract extension. Like he hasn't put it on the court that he's worked at. Right. But he promised me, he gave me his word. I think if Scott, I think I look at his deal like that, like you look at the talent where they drafted them, the idea that they're just not gonna give them, you know, a max extension I, I think would've been problematic for their management. And I'm like, in a few years, can Scotty Barnes be the finishing piece even at a slightly inflated or an inflate or vastly inflated according to Joe House contract.


Could he be help a winner, like elevate their situation the way Wiggins did for the Warriors? I think he could potentially. That's why I'm not so, so down on the deal When he a fourth banana. Okay, I'll, I'll, I'll keep my eye on it when he a $50 million fourth banana. There You go. There we go. Hey man, I just came back from, from the grocery store. It's not that far, far off. I'll Tell you how much He, he turns 24 in August. Listen, they need him to be a number one guy if they're gonna pay him that kind of money. That's that's right. And I know how else To find out. I agree. That's right. I like to pick you used history. Thank you. Some, I think this young guy might be a max guy, so I'm giving him a max when there's no actual evidence.


He's a max guy. And look at his stats and his basketball reference page is really good. We have seen this go wrong many times. I like the wig seat too. Well guys, I feel like I've already won the draft. I got Joelle Bie with the third pick. Kaw Leonard still on the board. I don't know. What are you guys doing? I Cole lad three years, $149 million. He's played 20 games this season. He's played 249 games and six years for the Clippers. He's played 15 playoff games. What, what is, what is he Cal Rip Jr. All a sudden, what is happening? You know what's so funny, bill, is that when I looked at, I looked at Kauai's contract, but I looked at it next to Paul George's And I was like, yeah, not so bad.


And plus like he's been playing so well recently. I'm like, ah. But you're right though. It is. I watched Last night and it's like there's Kaiya during a time out wearing a, wearing a, you know, jogging suit. It's like, oh, I guess he's not playing. He just straight up does not play. And that's what never know if He, he is gonna play, go to a Clipper game. It's like, oh, Kaia iss warming up. He's gonna play. This is great. How I'll confess, I, I might have a little softer view on Kauai because at the end of the day, I think that everything the Clippers have done with him has been part of the wildly successful arrival of the Intuit Center. I think what Balmer did was try and create a, a credible product.


Yes. Not an incredible product, a credible product. And the way that he did that was he used Kauai as the vehicle. It has been a gross overpay from really the, the ever since he arrived from, from the Raptors. Each of the le the two extensions were were gross overpay. But for the purposes of what the Clippers are trying, the identity that they're, you know, they, they want to be relevant and you, the risk of him, you know, not being available was kind of worth it for them for Risk. It's, it's the fact of him not being available. Yes. So the case for the case for this contract, they had a really fun Lakers game a couple nights ago. And Kawhi played, played 40 minutes, 13 for 23, 33 points, 10 rebounds.


And looked like he was every bit as good as LeBron. He Looked LeBron better than Paul George. And that's why you do it. Now if he, if you got saw a tweet tomorrow and it's like Kawhi Leonard has been shut down for the next three weeks, wouldn't be surprised at all. And that's why for 50 million a year. That's fair. I gotta put 'em on there. 249 games in six years for the Clippers is nuts wise. You're up. My next contract is like this. I feel like this contract goes under the radar because this franchise is just known for an aptitude basically, but it doesn't get talked about enough. And to me, this contract just signals like everything this franchise is about and it's Patrick Williams of the Bulls.


I had 'em on my list. Interesting. Like, this dude is going to make $18 million per year until 2029. And like he's never been good. He's not good now. And like what? There was no reason to do this. Like, they basically, Who are they competing against? Five years, 90 million for Patrick Williams. He's like a nice Man about this guy has been theora. It's like, oh, look at the, the body and the three and D is just never, ever materialized. And it's just what the bulls do. Nothing they they've done aside from finally, Thankfully moving on from Zach Levine makes any sense whatsoever. But are we even sure that they're even going down the rebuilding, you know, path?


We don't even know if that's the case, man. But like the, the Patrick, as soon as they inked us, it was like, what are they doing? Like why would you do this? The Bulls are your, your guy in your fantasy league. Your, your friend that you haven't talked to in 12 years who doesn't really make any moves. And then every once in a while we'll spend $58 in the free agent auction and you're like, oh, there he is. It's like he's trying to finish six plays. What's this guy doing? He just likes being in the league. He likes being on the email threads. They're embarrassing. I I had Patrick Williams too. He's 26 minutes a game somehow this season averaging 37% from on Field goals house. And I've never, I just don't get it when I watch him.


He doesn't really jump outta the tv. There seems like there's 20 guys like him. I don't know why you would pay him. I think five years from 50 would've been kind of Aggressive. Insane. I don't get it. He Dude, for the season, he's shooting 37.5%. He can't shoot. Yeah. Can't Shoot from the field guys. He's can six eight. How's your up? This is crazy. It's time to have the Terry er conversation. Oh man. Oh my Goodness. Welcome, welcome. Now there's only Two, two years. 51.5 million left for Terry er look On the face of it. 25 million bucks for a shooting guard's capable of of being a prolific score.


It's okay. The problem is we have a sizzle reel from this season. Oh God, my god. That shows him Actively is so bad Actively undermining the ability of the Miami Heat to win basketball games. It Looks like he's completely lost his ability to play basketball. 'cause I looked up, I looked up when they made the trade last year. 'cause I remember thinking like, oh, getting Terry Ger for what they gave up like a first forum. I would much rather do that than give all the shit you had to give up for Dame Lowe, which included Tyler hero. Right. So when they traded for him last year, he'd played 30 Charlotte games. 23.2 points a game. Yeah, 36% from three.


Yeah. And, and was playing awesome. And was like CrunchTime fast for them. Good. He was a good player. I thought Miami made a great pickup. Yeah. This year his stats are almost half, he's 11.8 points a game. He's shooting 40%, he's shooting 29% from three. And I, test-wise, he might be the worst rotation guy in the league. Looks And I don't know what happened. And there's lots of theories floating around. Not hard to find, but you know, it really seems like whatever, there might be a scandal with him. There might not with some of this betting thing, but it really seems like it, it sent him into an absolute tailspin. But they keep playing him as the part I don't get house. I, I wonder, you know, we, we can theorize about stuff that doesn't take us into uncomfortable territory.


No team in the NBA has more double digit leads that they've coughed up in the fourth quarter than the Miami Heat. And I, on The Ringer Gambling podcast just this past Monday, said, one of my favorite betting strategies over the last couple weeks and will be until the end of the season, is to find situations where Miami has a lead going into the fourth quarter and watching them cough it up. They down the stretch in the last six minutes of the game, have no apparent game plan they did last night. Everything it's iso to to hero, but ER's contribution to that. And again, who knows?


I wonder if they quietly went to him and were like, dude, we're really not trying to make the Playoffs. I I don't, he just, well, So you know, They're the seven seed right now. 29 and 32 Orlando's 29 34. Atlanta's 28 and 34. So they could fall to the ninth seed pretty easily if they wanted to. I, the shocking thing to me Is seems like they want to, They are a bottom half of the league from a talent standpoint. The weirdest thing to me that I, that I think helps your theory house is why they didn't want Schroder. Why don't they want 'em? Great point. Like they, they actively tried to not keep him in the trade. It's like that guy actually would've been a really fun heat that would've helped you. And now instead you're playing Terry Ger.


I don't, I've never seen some somebody who is not past this prime. Right. He was, he's Young. He's, I think he was, I'm gonna say he's 30. I've never seen somebody crater. He's, He's 31 on St. Patrick's Day. I've never seen somebody crater where last year you're watching going, man, Terry Sier, could he make the all-star team to this guy is now the worst rotation guy in the league. Good pick house. I feel really bad with my next pick. Doesn't make me feel good. I almost wanna take a shower after. He's somebody I did not like for a long time. And he really won me back over the last couple years. I really respect him. I really feel bad for him.


I feel for him. And this is way too soon, but I have to take Kyrie Irving, he only has two years left at 84.9 million. He's not playing this year And I don't think he's playing next year. Wait, Is pe is this for, that's the extension that Nico Harrison is gonna eventually give him this summer. Well, or regardless, he's, if he co this is this, these Kyrie, the ACL injury. When it happens at this point of the season, it's usually a season and a half. Next season Is done. Yeah. We saw it with Jamal Murray in football. You can come back in less than a year and basketball, it doesn't seem like you can. So basically he's not gonna play again on this contract. And I feel bad, but I, I don't see a worse contract left than two years.


84.9 for a guy who can't play. So not his fault, but Tough. It's tough. It's a tough point. And again, I I do, I think Dallas was go, they were basically gonna be over a barrel this summer and have, Oh, they would've probably, they would've maxed picked Them a max extension for four years, which would've been kind of insane with A lot of scary history for, but Now they could Smart Guard WEAs a lot of that. And so maybe that'll be a mitigating factor in the next deal. But yeah, he's not playing next year. Wait, You're saying that a team owned by Patrick Dumont, who just traded the most popular guy in the history of the franchise since Dirk Deitz and then, and then talked all kinds of leaky shit about him after they traded him would do something shady Tough.


He said he wanted them to exhibit the work habits of one Shaquille O'Neal. That was, yeah, that was tough. Am I up now? You're up now. Go ahead. So, and let's actually let's take one more break and then you're up. Let's do it.


This episode is brought to by Intuit TurboTax. Taxes was waiting and wondering, worrying. It's almost like how in the old days of fantasy football, we used to have to tally the scores on a Monday and then the commissioner would just mail that mouth to everybody and you would wait three days to see if you won. Those were the old ways of doing it. Now taxes is matching with a TurboTax live full service expert who gives your taxes their undivided attention. They can file your taxes as soon as today. And while they do get real time updates on their progress, meaning you can get back to what's important the game. Now this is taxes Intuit TurboTax. Get an expert now on turbotax.com.


This episode is brought to by LinkedIn. During the season, every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a hot month or two. You need sustained dominance throughout. While the same is true for your small business, it's not enough to have a great Q2 or even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires. That'll be there for the long haul to find those hires. Use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


All right, let's go speed round from now on Wise, you're up. Who do you got? This is kind of easy for me to be honest. And it's Brandon Ingram, another guy who, nobody. They tried to trade this guy for two straight years. Basically David Griffin was like, bro, we're not paying you a penny over your current salary. Like it's not gonna happen. They fought and they fought and fought. Nobody would take this guy. Golden, golden State would needed a forward, it Wouldn't take him. They was like, no thank you. Everybody said no thank you. And then of course, like the Raptors for reasons I still don't understand, traded for the guy gave him the extension three years, $140 million.


And then, you know, right after my guy Jake Fisher is like, yo, they're probably gonna trade RJ Barrett next summer. Like, like what was the point of this? I don't get it. He's not a fit next to Scotty Barnes. He never plays any defense to fight despite, you know, the physical tools and the profile. He's always just been a kind of like, give me the ball, let me cook and not gonna elevate a single thing around me. Hates taking spot up threes. I I I don't understand the trade, I don't understand this deal. Be fair. Messiah, Jerry has done basically since 2019, To be fair, it's three years.


$120 million extension. 120. Sorry. Not, and It's still awful because that's $40 million a year for a guy that they, that New Orleans could not trade for a solid year as an expired contract. So I love it because it's a confession about how they feel about Scotty Barnes. So it's wonderful. It feels like it valued, oh, It's a win for house. Yeah, it's a, it feels like an extra win for me. I also, I love putting a worst contract on here that hasn't officially kicked in yet. I think Kudo kudos to everybody Involved. It's on its way. Messiah Harry who remember there was that moment when it's, it was like, could the Knicks just turn over the entire franchise to him? Yep. Because this guy, the Knicks, see the next guy and he did a great job with the Raptors in the 2000 tens.


But holy shit, the last five years I disagree with basically everything they've done. I just don't understand it. House you're up. This one. I understand the controversy surrounding it. I have to though, put a, a bright light on Jamal Murray because Ooh, Wow. And enormous, My lord, An enormous, enormous contract for a guy. Remember where we are with him in terms of his injury situation and his execution. Our recency bias will tell us this guy is a mad killer when he's healthy. But the dude's only been healthy for about six weeks now And I adore him next to Joker.


I wanna be very plain about this. Very clear, I love the contribution of Jamal Murray to the Denver Nuggets. I am very excited to see how this playoffs shakes out. But his injury history classic test and what he does to that, to that franchise, what he does to that franchise when he can't play it, it it, it, it ruins an all time historical figure in, in the Joker. It takes so much off the table with the Joker. So when you're staring at it says five years, $243 million. That's a big, that's a big gamble. That's a big, that's all I I wanna say that's a big gamble.


First of all, classic House backhanded compliment talks about what a great fit is. Then complaints about the contract. The extension was four years for 2 0 7 0.8 that kicks in starting next year. I'm, I'm personally fine with it. Yeah, I Had, I had a way later the how many games gonna play? I had a way later in the draft. You gotta, you gotta have to pay the money. You have to. He, He definitely made my list. But it's like you're the nuggets. This guy's been a part of the greatest team in the history of your franchise. You drafted the guy, they love the guy. If the nuggets make another finals runner two, I think this is completely justified to keep the era going and all that. That fair enough. But I'm enough not gonna lie, house some of these Jamal Murray box scores to start the season.


Definitely my eyebrow was raised for a while. The performance with Team Canada and the goddamn Olympics. Yeah, that was scary stuff for me. But as of lately, he's dropping 50 on guys he's looking to on. Yeah, I love it. I'm feeling more confident. But I love it. It's scary When you think about his injury history, I think House has moved into the clear number one spot for a guy who's gonna take the most shit online from this draft. And I can't wait for it. I'm gonna read you the salary years for my pick yet another great pick. I'm, I feel like I'm dominating the draft now. 43.82 $7,587 this year. So almost 44 million this year.


Three year extension kicking in for 109.5 million next three years. That's right. The Stifle Tower himself. Mm. Rudy Gobert. Mm, I I had him circled, I had him. He's, so they had, he's on the list. They, this is a really interesting one. They had him at 43.8 this year and 46.6 next year. And they think, they thought they would get all smart. They were like, Hey Rudy, let's wipe out that player option for the 46.6 and we'll give you the three years 1 0 9 and then we'll turn Carl Anthony Towns into Zo and Julius Randall. And it's a re reallocation of money and it's gonna be great.


So Rudy Gobert, who is having the worst statistical season he's had, is it fair to say he is unplayable in a Laker series, an OKC series and a Golden State series? I, I don't think so. I I don't think that's a fair characterization. I look, I You think he sees the court in a Laker series? You think he sees a fourth quarter? Yes. Yes. In a Laker series with Luca and LeBron in the game. Yes. 100%. I think so. So I think Rudy was the anchor of, by far the league's best defense last year. The, he was key to beating Joker in the playoffs.


He was, I mean it was a, it was a trio but Rudy played a major part in sort of like keeping Joker contained. They win that in a dog fight, you know, seven game series. And then they got played off the court by Luca Don the next series. They they justify it. They justify it by saying, look, $35 million, that's probably the going rate for starting centers. This guy's always been an Ironman in terms of playing takes his, you know, his conditioning and his body really super seriously to stay on the court. I I like I understand the pick bill. I I But why is that they, that's not why they did it. I would be fine if that's why they did it. They did it 'cause of the money.


'cause they, they are worried about how much money they're paying. Didn't wanna pay Townes what he was paying. And they looked at it as like we can get off this Randall deal hopefully next year. 'cause he'll have an awesome season for us. He'll go into free agency. Guess what? Julius Randall will be opting into the $32 million next year. So they didn't get outta that contract. Vincenzo, they're gonna lose. And now they're stuck with Rudy for three more years and I don't know man, they're gonna lose Nas Reed now. Nas Reed is gone. Like he's done, he's leaving. They can't keep him house. There's no chance they keep him. He's going to New Orleans. He'll go to Brooklyn. He could go to your Washington Wizard Arts.


He's gonna be making $35 million a year next year and it will not be in Minnesota. I think that Minnesota is gonna find a way to keep him. I think that there's some All right. Bet off season season. Let's do it. Yeah. Dinner, dinner, dinner. That's great. Yeah. Dinner bet. I mean, he'll not be on Minnesota next year. It's not happening. He's not, he's not happening. Well, well Look, I mean, you, you just went through, they moved Cat, nobody had that on their radar for money saving purposes. I think they understand the value. We'll see it in the playoffs. I think the NAS Reed is gonna make such a compelling case over the course of these playoffs if Minnesota goes anywhere. Honest to God, my favorite matchup of the entire first round is Oklahoma City, Minnesota.


I pray to God that we get that as our opening ground that for sure in that thing. And, and the, the, the toll it's gonna take on Oklahoma City sets up that, that matchup against potentially Golden State in the second. God it's so juicy. But to go back to the point around Nas Reed and Rudy Gobert, if the Gobert extension was for the purposes of, you know, does it make a more palatable as a trade asset? Eh, but they have to do something to keep Nas Reed And I think Nas Reed will stay with Minnesota. What do you think Wes? I I think Rudy's gonna stick around. The idea that they had a three center rotation last year is just an anomaly.


Like you can't keep three centers who are basically paid their market value on your roster when all of them are basically kind of start a caliber. So, I don't know. I think they figure out how to do, how to make the Nas read thing works. I I just, I'm just not as disgusted by the Rudy deal and, And I guess I've kind of become a Rudy Convert man. I just think a lot of this stuff does gets a little bit underrated. I can't Believe this and He's expensive, but I'm, I'm gonna be texting you guys when he's sitting on the bench in the fourth quarter of a Laker series watching LeBron and Luca run pick and rolls wise you're up. By the way, Julius Randall still available. Another one. I take no joy from this, but Deonte Murray, after this year, he is got three years at about 32 per coming off of an Achilles injury.


And it is just, it's tough. You tear your Achilles Yeah. At Guard and your, like, one of your main strengths is basically your athleticism, your shiftiness. Yeah. I I I'm not seeing it for him. And the deal is tough. I-I-I-I-I think this is gonna end up being a bad deal for New Orleans man. Four for one, 14 for him. I mean it could be worse. They could have traded Dyson Daniels in the, oh wait thing. Alright, how's your up? It's mandatory If we're doing a worse contract draft, we've mentioned his name once, but he has to officially be a selection. It is Ben Simmons. Ben Simmons has to be Even as a, the Ben Simmons buyout. You should take them anyway.


Okay. Yeah, yeah. You can't have a draft and talk about bad contracts. RISC sent a hilarious text this week watching him on the Clippers, just making an observation around what seemed to be Ben Simmons' Instincts for, for passing the Ball. Some of like, it was just hard to really thread the needle in terms of what he was trying to accomplish, where the ball was going. Yeah. At this point, it's an honorary pick for, for Ben Simmons for me at this stage. I like it, you know, I'm upset that Patrick Williams is gone 'cause this is right where I thought I was gonna be able to get him, but he's not a, he's not on the list anymore.


I gotta do a manual quickly. We gotta go back to the Raptors. Wow. Unbelievable. Gotta do it one more time. He's in the first year of a deal that pays him five years. 162.5 million And I kind of like a manual quickly. Yeah. Like he's 38% from three. He's instant offense off the bench, but his destiny on any good team, on an actual good team would be a sixth or seventh man a bench score, instant offense. That's how you'd want to ideally use him. And you don't pay 30 plus million dollars a year for a guy like that. You pay like $14 million a year. You pay, the Celtics are playing Peyton Pritchard 7 million a year.


Well, he's paying Him. Well he's on, he's on the opposite of a bad contract. That's an a amazing contract they got for Peyton Pritchard right now. Right, right. That we were doing the best contracts. That's one of those up there. But He'd be up there for Sure. I just, it's just too much money. If it was five for 100, I'd be like, all right, I guess. But when you're talking about that much and now you're basically locked into Barnes and Ingram and quickly as your three expensive guys, where the fuck are you going at that point? What, what, what do you think's gonna happen gonna happen? We you're gonna win 38 games. Like what? I I I just, I honestly do not understand what Toronto is doing anyway wise. You're up.


This is pretty easy for me and it sucks, but it's Grant Williams. Hmm? This guy has Two more, three for 41. Yeah. Still. And he's just not an NBA player anymore. Straight up. Doesn't play. Just, just, he's just done. He's he's, Well he, he blew out his knee. But you're saying next year, Next year he's, even when he was, was playing and he was getting ticked this season, it was pretty disastrous. This was another, he was another Nico Harrison sort of unearthing, just never, never panned out. Yeah. Grant, grant Williams, I think he's done All right.


House. Am I allowed to do a combo deal? 'cause these guys to me fit this the exact same profile and they are all also in this, in this gamble phase. Do I get combo Deal? Why would you be able to take two picks in the same pick? I don't understand. All right, then I'll choose Zion because you know, you can, you can imagine who the, who the foil would be, who the other guy's name is with us say. But I won't say it. He could still be a viable pick. You know what we, we need proof that, that Zion can play basketball For entire season. I had to, I didn't know where to put him on the board 'cause he's technically has four for 1 63 left. But they have all these different outs for games, played for weight, weighing him. And it makes sense. It seems like a movable contract.


I also think Teams would've traded for it in February if they had put it out there. And I don't think they, I know teams kicked the tires on it. I'm positive. And I think New Orleans was like, nah, we need, but maybe this summer we could see something. He's looking it to work at a couple of these games though. I did too. I Want it to work. Okay, well I need a white guy. And this is very similar to, to what I just laid out with E Emmanuel Quickly, grace and Allen at four years, 70 million to basically be my ninth man.


Like yeah, he's shooting 43% from three. He's Sam, hey, he's Sam Houser. He's in that kind of level of like those white dudes, the CVEs have, there's a bunch of these guys and guess what, none of them are making 17, 18 million a year. They're all making like three, they're making four, they're making two. They're making, oh man, we found this guy in the waiver wire. They're not making this. So congratulations Matt ish b you did it again. He, I mean He is making Austin Reeves money. Yeah, Yeah. That's crazy. He's making more than Austin Reeves. He's making more than Austin Reeves. That's Correct. Yeah. He's nowhere near, I'm glad you brought up Austin Reeves. 'cause fuck the Spurs again for not making an offer that summer.


I said it that whole month and everybody's like, what? Why You're just saying this? 'cause you want the Lakers to lose him. It's like, no, I'm saying 'cause Austin Reeves is good and he should have gone. Now that's somebody, if he got a quickly deal, I would've been like, all right, little high. But I, I would do it. Who do you have? I, I don't want to draw the ire of this fan base, but for me it's demon a bonus. I'm sorry. I love when you do this, this, This, this man, you do this every year. This, this. He does. This is over. You Do it every year. Like I think the team's limitations are based on their commitment to this dude playing center where just like straight up, you cannot guard the paint. Shout to Doug Christie's changed up the game plan to make it just straight up.


Everybody just packs the paint. Yeah. And we allow teams to shoot threes now. That's it. We cannot guard the paint with demon bonus at center. And they just committed to it. And I get it. He gets rebounds. He's a great guy. I get it. All of that. But like, this guy is just not worth what they're paying him to Me. So they're paying him four for 180 6. So you're one of the new extension. Listen, he always Has, you're another team and you, you've identified as somebody you want. Why, why do you want him at that number? Because I wanna win 43 games. Okay, thank you. I think there's a world where you could build an awesome team around him, but I think it's really hard.


Like you really have to put a lot of thought into every other player in that roster because he does have some limitations. But you're right. Like he's Like the center version of Ben Simmons would've panned out. Wow. I love every year some bonus just takes strays from Ross On this. He really does. He does. Who do you have? House. I'm going back to an old favorite of of mine. This guy is near the end of his career doing a very distinguished job of helping a franchise, you know, with a, with a tremendous talent. You know, try and see the best outcome. This is Damian Lillard time. He's playing well, dam, wow. I agree. I agree.


Three For 1 61 for Dame Lillard. The problem is, is the amount that's left on this contract at, at his age and the history in the NBA of guards with his profile being effective. It's just really the end of the year thing. I said upfront that I am, I'm glad that he's playing well 'cause I'm glad for Milwaukee to be good. Yeah, I, I'm pissed at Milwaukee and our guy Doc doc's gonna, we're gonna get to play golf with at Bel Air with Doc. We got praise name, nice things about, about Now you pissed off another fan base? Well, I don't think so because he's doing what he's all that he can do there. He's doing well. My God. 1 61 is 1 61 is a gulp and Wait for the playoffs. All you can regret this in the playoffs, I promise you.


No, I I I'm, I'm trying to put it in the right category. I I he's, he's gonna be good. The Milwaukee, I'm pissed at Milwaukee. I honestly think the Portes drug thing was, was a, a bummer. But if I don't think they should have traded Melted. They've taken no since, since He, I know that they needed, you know, some, some cap savings and that Kuzma is a live body. But I will tell you, come playoff time without any reservation or hesitation, a moment will come and Kyle Kuzma will have the effing ball at that moment. And it is going to go badly. It's going Chris Middleton, I trust Kyle Kma. I do not. Best of luck to the Bucks For my next pick. First of all, house has won the draft for pissing off the most fan bases.


Are they? He locked it up Two rounds was gonna be pissed. Oh yeah. They'll be mad. The game fans was Toronto Game. I can't believe this guy's still available three years. 66 million Contavious Caldwell Pope goes to Orlando. It's a little Rough year in Orlando. Man leaves Denver, Christian Brown comes in and is immediately like twice as good as he was. Goes to Orlando, God Twice as good. Come on man. Hear the stats. 60 games, 8.6 points, 2.1 rebounds, 1.8 assist. Congratulations on all that. 31% from three. Yeah, he's rocking the odd 9.0 PR Not what he was brought in to do.


It's safe to Say that. And he's playing 30 minutes a game and you could argue if anyone playing 30 minutes a more a game, he might be the least useful player. And I know there's good van. Look, he's a good defensive player. There's metrics but Great locker room guy, great Locker guy, all that. But I promise you they were looking for more than what he's given them this year with this contract. So he is my pick. Waz, who do you have? Ah man. Now I'm starting to get into guys that I really actually like as players. Well that's part of the draft. This is tough. I think the Jalen green deal is a tough one. Just the up and down inconsistent nature of his game, man. Two weeks he's up three weeks he's down. It's just Well can we get the deal one for 12?


Yes. And then next year, three for 1 0 5 as an extension, which Yep, what A plan option at the end of it. And by the way, good content for us. 'cause he's gonna be in 58% of the fake trades we make in in June. Yeahm guessing we try to get them a superstar for and when We get to a jam booker and we try to, it's like, well Jalen Green will be in it and yeah. And I think the ultimate indictment of Jalen Green and the deal is that Fred Vanek goes down and the offense just goes into the tank. 'cause they don't have a creator who can effectively get them into decent offense. And it's like Jalen Green, like you're right here. Like you should be stepping up here And not happening. Does not create for, he cannot create anything for anybody else. That would be the Yeah, it's tough, The criticism and I'm like, I really like Jalen Green.


Yeah, I I there was a moment last year when it really feel like it all came together And I have not seen it was waiting house. You're up. I can't believe this guy is still available to be honest with you. And I, I'll, I'll take, you know, the criticism for some of my earlier picks, but Andrew Wiggins is still on the board. Look at the size, Look at this man's the contract and please tell me the next time that you think that he's going to play 60 games in an NBA season. Please, please tell me the next time you think that that's gonna happen. He's at 49 games right now. He played 49 games last season. He is living off of a contract. That was a reward for helping the Golden State Warriors win a championship.


You find the second best guy in the Totally reasonable no Problem with that. You always forget to say the contract three years, 85 million That it's your job That counts this year. That's a lot's tough, it's a lot of money left for a guy that looks like he's lost some interest. His and his interest in basketball has always been kind of an open question except for the championship year. Everyone's getting groggy. We're nearing the end of the draft and I haven't really pissed off a fan base yet. And I also haven't made wise laugh hysterically with a pick yet. And I think this is gonna be it. It's the most controversial pick of the eight rounds. I gotta do it four years, 163 million John Morant.


Stop it. Get the hell outta here. Listen, it's the end of the draft. I'm just trying to get value. I'm just trying to get value. Why doesn't He play, Why doesn't he play? They're They're conserving his body for the postseason folks. Chill. What, what's wrong shoulder? Now what's going on? When I asked for permission to combine players, I wanted to do Zion and Jah together because to me they fit the same kind of no like when is Jah gonna be able, like if, if the idea with him over his entire career will be to preserve him for the playoffs, then what does that do for your team? You're paying he's, He's 25.


What are we preserving him for? He should be playing every game. He can't what? What, right. There's no proof that he can but He is. So this year he played, he's played was 38 games this year. Yes. He played nine games last year. He plays 29.4 minutes a game. He doesn't even play 30 minutes a game. They're conserving him. They're Very conservative and kid gloves bubble wrapping him. And now yesterday he didn't play well and he is like, I don't know if my shoulder's gonna be good the rest of the year. So now I have a fundamental shoulder issue on top of all the other baggage. Like look, there's 10 teams that are paying him that contract without blinking. I'm just flagging it. We're near the end of the draft. The contract that the numbers are pretty high for somebody who doesn't seem like he's gonna play all the time.


Okay. Not mad at it. Who do you got Wes? Ah, this hurts me 'cause he's one of my favorite players in the league but it's Ogana Noby. Ooh That I was wondering when he'd go five for two 12 Big it's, it's a huge deal with a guy who has an extensive injury history. Especially muscle injuries which tend to happen with you know, a lot of over usage. Which newsflash he plays with Tom Thibodaux. Ask me. Well dang about that. Love og. I love watching OG play. I love his approach to the game. But this is so much money for a guy who doesn't create his own shot ever.


He's not some great distributor. It is like man this is a lot and he is a very good defender. But I'll also say the Tatum and Brown aren't exactly quaking in their boots when they see him. And that was one of the reasons they, they did that thing. I'm with you. He is the, for the injury issues with him that always are lingering. Two 12 is a scary number house. I'll give you one more pick. Thank you. And I wanna say this name so we can have a quick conversation about him. I'm gonna draw a distinction between him and Scotty Barnes. I'm taking Mello Ball here and the, the distinction that I wanna make is, see This is when the draft gets great. John Miranda Miller Ball. I love it.


Well Here's the distinction. I think Mello Ball could definitely make an all NBA team and it could be like right around the corner. It's just not gonna be in Charlotte. And I don't really quibble with Charlotte paying him the this contract. I think it is commensurate with his talent but his talent, he is a loser. He's a serial loser. You mean a loser of games? Not an actual Yes. Aban loser. Yes. Game. Okay. Correct. Correct. There is no proof to the contrary. He's never played basketball in this situation. A serious situation where his team has been a winning where his team has Been high fiving and shaking hands and celebration after games after Games. It's A unique experience for him.


We're missing the winning component now. Good win. I can't believe we won seven games in a row. It's never been said With his talent. If he can stay healthy, another guy who, who can, you know, he keeps seeing this, these nagging ankles here and there. But his talent is such that if he was with the right situation with the right coach, this would be an incredible contract potentially. 'cause I think he is supremely talented And I like his swag. It just needs to be redirected. So in this circumstance with this team, tough one. I like it. I don't think it's bad money but you know what, I'll take his career over Scotty Barnes and everybody from Toronto can go ahead and and send me poop sandwiches. I'm fine with it.


I'll recap the draft before I make the last pick. Woz took Bradley be able to kick us off house. Took Nico Harrison, I took Joelle and Bead and then it went Paul, George, Scotty Barnes, KW Leonard, Patrick Williams, Terry Roger, Kyrie Irving. I felt bad about that one. Brandon Ingram, Jamal Murray, Rudy Gobert, Deonte Murray, Ben Simmons just in Titis just has to be picked anyway. If there's honor a million bucks has to above the board. I took a manual quickly. Dan, grant Williams, Zion, Williamson, Grayson, Allen Dam, Saboni Dame, lower Contavious, Caldwell Pope Jalen Green, Andrew Wiggins, John Morant, OJ and Obie Lalo Ball and the last pick of the draft only because he has to another guy he is like Ben Simmons, he has to be in their house is so excited.


Zach Levine, three for 1 41. We gotta have Zach Is outside the door knocking like, Hey guys, he was, he thought there was a worst scout party. That's right. I one. Hey anybody home? Okay. I mean the the case for that, even though he is had a really good year is the Bulls traded him and didn't even get good Stuff back. They nothing. They got a hill of Beans. Nothing's got bad contracts for mother Teens, nothing back. Literally a hill of beans. So apologies to the following people for not getting picked. Julius Randall, two for 64. Jimmy Butler. Three for 1 59. Chris Middleton on House's Wizards. Yes. Two for 60 I Chris On my list.


Yep. Zach Collins two for 35.7. Part of that Contract is still happening. How is he not in our draft? Yeah, he he should be Zach Collins. Definitely should be Kevin Herder two for 35. Yeah. Heard Terrence Mann. One for 11 this year and then kicks in three for 47. Lori marketing five for 2 37 Did, I did look at him for the last couple rounds. I looked and hard at it. I almost took him over John Morant, Gary Harris. Two for 15 just had to put another, their principle, but he healed four for 38. Can't believe he didn't get drafted. Teams are trying to sign him as an undrafted free agent for the draft right now.


Drew Holiday. 4 4, 1 34. Drew Holiday about it. I thought stuff and another guy That it's got like a fucked up finger. Yeah, that I thought about this band mibi. He's having a horrible season. Everybody thought this was gonna be a breakout yet, particularly on offense that just straight up has not happened. He's got a sterling reputation amongst people in our profession. So he won't get killed in like the media, but like he's been a disappointment. Well we've hit the end. I had a wonderful time. Me too. It was the worst contracts draft. My favorite part is that everyone's gonna be the maddest house. Yes. I feel like I'm here for it. Maybe the Memphis fans come after me a tiny bit.


Wa who's coming after you? Probably Sacramento. Sacramento. Definitely Sacramento. Oh Saboni. Yeah. The Saboni hive coming at you. This was a blast though. Thanks to Sir Rudy and thanks to Kyle and thanks to how as always, you can watch this as a video podcast on Spotify. I don't know why you would 'cause you just finished the podcast, but it's also gonna be available on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. You listed the house on Fairway Rowland and on The Ringer Gambling Show. You can listen to W on group chat with Mahoney Barry on The Ringer NBA show. Great Steve Fellas, thank you.


Must be 21 plus and President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with, with Kansas Star Casino or 18 Plus and President DC Gambling problem. Call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 8 3 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or Text HOPE NY in New York.