
This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA, the official beer partner of the NBA. What do I love about the NBA championship? Well, first of all, I love when the Celtics win, but that's not happening this year. But you know what? I really love the drama, the pressure. Everything goes to the highest level. Guys are injured, guys are banged up. Guys are hungry. It just brings out the best of everything. And Michelob ULTRA is helping you celebrate like a champion with a chance to win your own limited edition championship bottle, just like those gifted to the NBA players during the championship parade. Enter now at Michelob ULTRA dot com slash courtside slash champs bottles Michelob ULTRA courtside, Victor Solomon Champs bottle sweepstakes, no purchase necessary open to US residence 21 plus ends June 22nd, 2025. See official rules@michelobbelcher.com slash rules for free entry prizes and details. Message and data rates may apply void. Where prohibited.


The Bill Simmons Podcast is presented by State Farm. We are also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network where I put up a new rewatch. It's actually on Tuesday night we did Marathon Man because we're doing New York City Month Marathon Man, awesome movie with Dustin Hoffman and Sir Lawrence Olivier. That is up. You can watch that on The Ringer Movies YouTube channel as well. Monday we're doing Diehard With a Vengeance, the third diehard movie, 1995. Bruce Willis, Sam Jackson, also a New York movie. It is the 30th anniversary of that movie too this summer. So that's gonna be a really fun one. It's gonna be me and Van Lathan and Chris Ryan. And you can watch that as a video podcast on Spotify as well.


You can watch this as a video podcast on Spotify. You can also watch us on YouTube, where tonight we went live right after game six of the 2025 NBA Finals with me and Rob Mahoney and Zach Lowe. That was on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. But you can get anywhere you get podcasts and we're gonna run it right now after we take this break and we hear from our friends from Pearl Jab.


This episode is presented by State Farm. It's no secret that great teams need great teammates. I've been saying this for years. And when it comes to Insurance State Farm is there to help you find the right coverage for your home car and more. Whether you need an in-person or a digital assist, they're ready when life hits you with a full court press, get a game plan that helps fit your life. Talk to State Farm today. State Farm with the Assist coverage options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state.


Alright, we're live on YouTube. It's Bill Simmons Podcast. Zach Lowe is here. Rob Mahoney is there. It's the first time for the three of us together. It's a little, it's a little new. Almost like OKC playing defense today where it looked like they never played defense before. Zach, what? What was your big takeaway? Because I don't understand what OKC was doing in this game with the tournament, the trophy, everything sitting two and a half hours away and it was a no show. Two big takeaways. Number one, the pacers are awesome. I didn't see this coming. I thought OKC was gonna clinch it today. Me too. It wouldn't have surprised me if OKC won rather easily in Indiana is like, no, we don't go out like that.


Calf strain, whatever, Tyree Halliburton, perfect balance between kind of being an off ball decoy and then taking the reins when it made sense. And just TJ McConnell doing T got McConnell. Another McConnell and they're, they're just awesome. Second takeaway, OKC played like a team that knew what was at stake and was a little bit nervous. And I thought Shea forced it really like forced it early. Some bad turnover, some bad shots just weren't. They were just skittish and not in a rhythm. And you know what it is the biggest game that any of them have ever played. Yeah. And it looked like the biggest game that any of them have ever played. They're all, they lost this game 'cause their offense was miserable and Indiana won the turnover battle and they had no assist and no threes.


Same formula for losing a lot of these games for them. Yeah, If their offense was terrible it's because the Pacers made it terrible. And if Oklahoma City didn't show up, it's because the Pacers frankly like rescinded their invitation in this game. Like I think we talk a lot about the connectivity of the Pacers on offense, but I think this is just one of the most connected teams period that we've seen certainly this season. Even relative to the the Thunder, which is really saying something. But even in recent memory, like other teams have had more talent that have been incredibly connected. The Pacers are really talented, they're really capable, they're really smart and they just figure out how to dominate a game like this on defense of all things End of the first half, Indy's up 22 OKC is one for 11 from three.


They've three assists. They've zero steals. Yeah. And that's where I bring up the why didn't they show up thing because Zach, we, we were at game four and Dort and Caruso just put their imprint all over that game from the get go and especially in the second half. And Dort was such a beast and neither of those guys were there at all in the game today. And when you take that out and Indy, Indy had some room to run, I guess the bigger question for me is were they rope a doped a little bit by this Halliburton injury situation? It almost seemed like they were surprised that he had that in them, which I, which I didn't really understand. They weren't, they weren't attacking him. Like the game we went to game four, Zach, where they were picking him up full court and really trying to like, you know, bully him around, take him outta the game.


It was almost like they didn't understand how he was doing what he was doing. Which was kind of how I felt because by the time we got to this game, it seemed like he was gonna be rolled out in a wheelchair and and was just gonna limp around. It wasn't like that at all. Yeah, weird game across the board, right? Like the stakes, the pressure, the championship on the line for you and not necessarily on the line. You have another chance, but it's there. It's sitting there. The, you know, they're, you know, they're bringing in the champagne and they're gonna have the plastic wrap over the locker and you also know the best player on their team is injured to some degree. And is he gonna play, is he not gonna play? How well is he gonna play? Is he gonna change the way that he plays? I thought they went at him a little bit when Indiana was on defense in the first half.


Had a couple successful possessions. I I would just do it every single time. Yeah, I I I thought they, they, you know, they poked around here and there with some interesting matchups and poked at different places, but I don't think they poked at him enough. But look, I mean, Indiana played awesome. This was an awesome defensive performance from a team that has gelled in to a really good defensive team. And look, Oklahoma City got its blowout win in game two. This is the first real Pacers blowout win. The first, the biggest lead of the series was 12. They announced that on the first half of the broadcast and the series is now like pretty even I think the final margin going into game seven is Oklahoma City plus five over six games.


Like it's a pretty Is that true? It's crazy. They were up, there was plus 24 coming into tonight. They won by 19. So if my math wow is, is right, it's plus five like it, it's a pretty even series. And again, my takeaway just as it was after game one is Indiana's just awesome. Something about the way they play, like the on paper gap might be, oh they're, you know, plus four net rating versus plus 13 net rating versus plus eight net rating. Whatever that gap is, their style of play shrinks it down to a minimal amount and they're just an awesome, awesome team. I think part of the reason for that, I was thinking about it during this game, is who would I want to coach a game like this more than Rick Carlisle? And it's, it's the combination of when your star is injured.


We've seen him coach incredible runs with other teams, with guys in and out of the lineup. It's operating at a perceived talent deficit. It's operating against the best defense we've seen in modern NBA history. I just think Rick Carlisle like modulates better than any, any other coach out there and he understands all of the trade-offs in the game better than almost anyone else. We saw it like with Andrew Emhart in this one kind of scaling back as a defensive pressure, huge, Huge on offense. And he Had to be like, he had to be that big for them to be great and they were able to pull that off. 'cause like I think Carlisle coaches everything on a sliding scale. Like nothing is too precious to change and at the same time they're able to adjust things in very controlled ways without giving up who they are and giving up what the identity of the Pacers has been.


With all that said, be honest when OKC went up 8 2 10 To in Was, isn't it call time out And it was like, oh man, this is going to be sad. I really like this indie team. And then all of a sudden Emhart had eighth straight, TJ McConnell came in and had, did he have a full McConnell? Zach, What if like, if Was that, if McConnell were a free agent Coming up this series, like $30 million. Oh my God. Like you could see your, some team like Brooklyn would be like, you know what? Yep. Forget Giannis. We're throwing the max at TJ McConnell. This is crazy what he is doing. So NBA university, which is a very good Twitter account, he tweeted this and I have no idea if it was a joke or not.


He asked if Brunson was used like Jalen Brunson and an offense revolved around him the same way the Knicks do. You did the Jalen Brunson offense. Yeah. Would it be a good offense? And I was like, I don't know if you're joking or not, but I'm, I'm, I'm going down the road I thinking about this. But he takes, he The TJ McConnell's shot diet is unlike anything in the NBA crazy. Nobody takes these shots where it's like you go under a screen 'cause that's what you're supposed to do. And he just dribbles and meanders and he takes eight foot, like full on jump shots like eight feet from the rim. Yeah. Two hands on the ball, two feet off the ground like with every burst of energy I can. And he gets, it goes in every Time fall aways he has those, he has the three point shot that takes two seconds to unleash.


What a breakout star. But I mean we've, anyone who watches League Pass and watches basketball, we've all liked him. Sure. There's, it's always a question of, it felt like he was another guy on this Pacers team who was available for like three years but not totally and nobody went and got him. I remember arguing two years ago that the Spurs should have gotten him for the first year of Weby and then it was like a combo of oh Indy would never trade him. And then it's like San Antonio could do better than like nobody was happy with the trade idea. Him and then Mhar Rob, there's no other player in the league like Mhar at this point that I can think of. Unbelievable. Yeah, like his ability to raise his game in exactly these moments. Obviously throughout the playoffs we've seen him just be a totally different player every time he gets to the postseason.


But they needed both of those guys to do a lot of ball handling, a lot of creation. Right? TJ McConnell has to not just take those crazy improbable like high vaulting shots but he had just stir shit up constantly on offense so that Halliburton could be a decoy so that Halliburton could be at some point it's like more of a catch and shoot player. And I think the only reason any of that works 'cause you have these other two ball handling guards just sitting there and you can scale up their minutes, you can scale up their responsibility. And I think Emhart in particular, one thing he never gets enough credit for, he is such a great low risk ball handler. Like he just does not make a lot of stupid mistakes. He does not make a lot of crazy audacious passes. Although he did throw a beauty no look and transition to Miles Turner in this game, which is about as flashy as Andrew Emhart gets and I salute it.


Those guys are absolutely essential in a game like this and, and they're gonna be absolutely essential again in game seven. Even with Tyrese, Halliburton having a couple of days and a couple of icy hot patches and however many, you know, Advil he can take between now and then. I Gotta do my thing right now. I gotta do the thing that I do Every Pacers game. Every Pacers podcast. How many minutes are we in now? Almost. We haven't said his name yet. Almost. We haven't said his name yet. Nine minutes in Pascal. Oh just doing everything for this team. 16 13 3 assist defended JW a little bit, which we hadn't seen much in the series. Defends anybody you need him to defend. Got out and transition early in the game and and kind of forced his way into the game and forced the Pacers into the league.


This is what we do after every game. It's like Halliburton McConnell. Yeah. The be one game it's math or and then it we're 25 minutes. It's like, oh yeah. Was he the best player on the Pacers again today? Maybe arguably I don't know. But we just ne we never lead with him and he's just always there humming in the background doing stuff And especially in the first quarter there. It was a couple moments in that first quarter that looked a little rocky for them and he was like, I got this guys. It's funny you mentioned Rin. I'm not positive he played in the first half. He did he he came in I think, did he Come in for like a split second Because in the fourth quarter when he came back in, I checked the stats and he had played six minutes. I thought you Meant this was spiritually you weren't sure if he had played in the first half, which No, no. He literally did like played, I don't know, less than 10 minutes.


But this was a guy who was the star of the game in game three. But this is like a classic example Rob of how fucking weird this Pacers team is. This Pacers team has 15 playoff wins. This will be the 20th game seven that we've ever had and only four road teams have ever won a game seven and they now have a chance to be the Fifth. Yeah. If there was gonna be a fifth, I would think it would probably look a lot like these Indiana Pacers and they would do it similarly improbable shit. And they would do things like for example, dominate a game in which they shoot 41% from the field and if they just kind of hummed along and they wrecked this thing on defense, they have every single thing that they need somehow.


And I, I think one of, one of the joys for me in watching this team grow and evolve and become who they are is like seeing the situational awareness of guys like Ben Mathre, like Aaron Nesmith, like Miles Turner, just like tick up and up and up and up. And it's not that they don't make mistakes but like Aaron E. Smith and Miles Turner are not huge passers. They're not pass first players. They certainly were not profiled that way for previous teams whether in Indiana or otherwise. And yet you put them in the system for long enough and they just become a part of that DNA and they just start making really smart decisions. And the Pacers or a team like does not make sense in so many different ways, including the fact that their offense, it's so many players running into the same spaces on the floor in a way that should not work for anybody else.


And yet it's Pascal Yaka making a dump off pass to knee Smith at just the right time that it becomes an and one like, I don't know how else to explain them other than you have to see it to believe it. Well and then you're getting, I mean a pretty abominable shooting series from Turner. Zach, I don't know if, I don't know. He was one for nine today in the two Indiana games. Games three and four. I think he was five for 20. So that means he was six for 29 in the three home games. That makes no sense at all. I felt like all his shots were open for the most part. OKC was happy then taking 'em and yet I thought he had some really big defensive moments in this game and was weirdly impactful even though he couldn't shoot, We blocked Chet on the three.


Oh yeah. And I just thought Indiana's scramble rotations when they needed to get out in rotation were just on the money. They did not miss rotations. They were on time. They closed out. They closed out like to the level of the feet when they needed to. They closed out short when they needed to. They ran guys off the line when they needed to just to dialed in performance. And like Miles Turner and OB toppin are like on the seesaw. Like one, it's like even Steven one plays bad, the other goes like five of seven from three or whatever O ob top and second leading score in the game today OB top and wow first leading score in the game. MVP Shaa Gil Alexander led all scores with 21 points. Did not feel like it. I mean he got a couple little first momentum when They got him the ball at the nail eight turnovers for SGA.


Ooh. If you watched them back, a couple of them were passes that you could assign like 60% of the turnover to him and 40% of the turnover to the guy on the other end of the pass. But just, I just didn't like his game for the most part today. I, I don't feel like he played a controlled like championship love game. I thought J Dub outplayed him in the first half and looked like the steadier of the two frankly. Yeah, I Thought two assists too. Yeah, I thought, I thought JW was okay. Shaa as you said, like it just didn't feel like that kind of shaa game that you would want in the moment like this. And then there just wasn't any connective tissue. Like all the stuff that rounds out the thunder offense, whether it's like a great Che game or a good bench game or a good three point shooting game or any of that transition offense.


None of it was there. But yeah, credit to Miles Turner who I thought like just had Chet straight up in hell on some of these possessions. And then also the pacer smalls who Che just could not exploit really at all in this game. He was missing missing jumpers. He was missing dunks. Could not make an imprint on it really in any, in any fashion at all. And he's gotta find some way, it doesn't have to be with scoring, but he has to be more of a force than this. Yeah. I don't know if his contract run has been helped or hurt. Probably like slightly hurt. But on the other hand, like I think he's been a winning basketball player for a lot of stretches. Unbeliev Defensive player, even the, even the baskets They got on him on switches today were like, he made those pretty tough looks like Nemar had the one where he had to take the ball to the other side of the rim and loft it high off the glass.


It was great defensive player. Didn't have it on offense today. Well I don't know what relative of conspiracy build this is. Oh boy. And I gotta come up with a, a name for it. There's, there was two kind of non-basketball things going on with this three day rest between game five and game six. One was just a lot of smoke being blown toward OKC, which sometimes over 72 hours and then you're up, you got one more game. The best guy in the other team's hurt. You can get, you can get a little comfortable. Right. I almost feel like they would've been better off if this game was just Wednesday, the three day break and just being like, yeah, yeah, yeah. Ties hurt. But like we just, we just played defense.


It's we'll be fine. There's that one thing. And then I remember somebody with the Celtics mentioned this to me last year, by the way, it was 15 minutes before I brought up the Celtics Aka beat the Celtics into the Beat the Celtics. They were up three nothing in Dallas game four. If they win, like what are we doing? If we win, where's the party gonna And you start like planning stuff. Yeah. And it's not just the players but it's the organization and teams can deny it. They can say it's not a real thing. But I, I'm positive it's a thing 'cause I was in Dallas watching it happen. Your brain just started like I think with the Celtics last year, their plan was to go to Miami after the game.


Mm. To do all the trophy stuff and then jet to Miami and they had a setup and it's like your mind drifts like a tiny bit and all of a sudden your focus is off. And I don't know, the OKC seemed to me like a team today that the focus was off from this team that was just a team of piana. They were not piranha today. No. And I don I don't think, I mean honestly Indiana can win game seven in KC if O KC plays defense like that again, they can Again, I thought the offense was, and and the pain inflicted by the Pacers defense was almost as big if not bigger of a story to me than Oklahoma City shortcomings on defense. But the question I would ask you too is as we dig into that very thing is like if you, if you look back at this game before you watch this game, the how of, like how did in in the actual non-gap, the first three quarters, the non-carb quarters, I think the Pacers had like five turnovers or six turnovers total.


Yeah. So as, as you watch that game, it's two halftime, it's now 20 minutes into the rear view. How did they manage to protect the ball so well against this defense? Like what were they doing or not doing to to, to like, it's not like Oklahoma City's not trying to get turnovers that's swarming at the rim. Like what did they do to do that? I think so it was almost, I think 30 minutes of game time before the Thunder had their first steal. Like it, even those minimal turnovers were all dead ball side out, like taking all the momentum outta the possession. I think a big part of it, and some of Indiana's like most successful stretches in this series have been obviously the kind of freewheeling way that they like to execute, wears down all kinds of teams, mixes things up for all kinds of teams.


The moments where they've kind of simplified and attacked in some straighter lines. And they are one of the most dedicated teams in terms of like feeding their bigs against smalls, for example, when PAs Galler Turner get that seal inside, they're looking for those guys. But it applies in lots of different ways to attack. I think there's, there's a way in which making Tyrese, Halliburton the decoy and running some more traditional kind of basic action weird as that sounds against the defense as ferocious as Oklahoma City, kind of simplified things in a way that simplified the reads that they were making and and led to fewer of those like, I'm just caught and don't have anywhere to pass possessions that they were so guilty of in game five. So I I agree with everything Rob just said and I was writing this down over and over again in my notes as the game was going along, th OKC just wasn't pressuring them the same way.


They weren't meeting them up at half court like they were, especially in the second half of game four. And then I thought the first half of game five where they were basically making them start the offense 35 feet from the basket that just Indiana was starting the offense wherever they wanted in this game. And it never, ever, the pressure was never an issue in this game. My, I wonder how much of that Was They got called for a lot of early fouls and I wonder how much of that was like they just started kind of pulling back a little bit, whether it was to avoid foul trouble or whatever you had to Yeah. And ultimately it just kind of facilitated the flow of the game for the Pacers. My Exactly. We said that after game four, right? When we were talking about once Dort and Caruso were getting away with the physicality, the game flipped once they realized that it was basically a football game.


It was not a football game. Today Dor Caruso by the way, an improbable minus 33 while he was on the floor J tub minus 40 like you the thunder just don't ever have that happen to them. My answer, to answer my own question, I thought they were like very smartly selective on throwing entry passes. Like, oh, Caseon Wallace is fronting Pascal, you know what? We're not like, let's pull it back out. They threw a few, but it, they, I thought that like they were like much more cautious than just saying, this is like a 50 50 chance they're gonna steal this. Let's just reset the offense. Do something different. Yep. That's a really good point. 'cause we talked about this a couple games ago when SGA or or Wallace was on somebody in the paint, like a bigger guy and they would rope Indiana and throw in the entry pass and every time they would tip it or jump around and, and today we didn't see those passes.


So that might have been part of it. I still feel like, I, I promise you Dagal, who's a pretty quiet guy, I don't know if either of you have a feel for him, but I I, he, he he'll go nuts when he watches the defense tomorrow. It's like, this is just not who we are guys. If we're gonna win the title, we gotta take it. What do you, why, why are you make it a face, Ron? I I really think it was the of offense more like this was, this was the worst thunder offensive game by the like, that's not me. Hyperbolizing, right? That is the At three point shooting everything By the numbers. Their worst offensive game of the entire season like that is, that's what the data says in terms of their efficiency in this game. And now some of that is coming from the other side of the ball. They're obviously bleeding into one another and, and like you, you're not getting the free points if you're not forcing turnovers in exactly the way we've been talking about.


But yeah, they have to be better in the half court too. Like they have to find ways ultimately to score against this Pacer's defense. And it like, you gotta give Andrew Emhart a ton of credit for that. You have to give the rotations, as Zach was talking about, pinpoint really precise execution like that is, that's what it takes to win Finals games like this. And I thought they were just more on that level than the thunder were, You know what the answer might be. It might've been their offense and their defense because they were down by 30 after turns. When you get down by 30. It's, it's, it's your offense, your defense, the other team playing. Awesome. That's how you get a 30 point blowout in the NBA Finals. But they're, you, they're getting what, 20 extra points a game off steals and you know, all that that I do feel like that would get them going and totally, I feel like Dort, Dort and Caruso to me are the engines of this team because they always know, for the most part in the vicinity of what they're gonna get from SGA And then Jalen Williams has just gotten better as the playoffs went along.


His minus 40 today notwithstanding, not to mention three days of Scotty Pippen comparisons, including on this podcast after game five. Scotty's like, Hey guys, settle down, let's have him, let's have him win one first. But as we head to game seven, I'm trying to figure out what OKC would've learned from this game, from an off, from how do we fix the offensive side standpoint, Zach, because SGA had a couple where he drove left and he kind of got swallowed up, which I haven't seen many times this year where he, you know, he didn't get the push off stuff, he didn't get his at the rim stuff. It, it was weird. Oh that. So that's gonna be a little mini battle is that the Pacers have toggled on and off throughout the series.


We are gonna double Shay when he gets to that spot on the left side of the floor today. They toggled it on in Oklahoma City with the exception of like one decent Aaron Wiggins Kickout three, which he missed, did not look ready for it. They threw like Shea threw passes late to like that got stolen. They just did not look prepared for it. And knowing Rick Carlisle, he might toggle it to like half off to start game seven knowing that they're gonna be looking for it. But just like more broadly, bill, you and I have talked about this throughout the season, it does make me a little nervous that we're in game seven of the NBA Finals and it still doesn't feel like Mark Dagal and through don't fault of his own through fault of injuries and personnel choices doesn't quite have a feel for like who should play with whom and for how long.


So we start the series with Wallace for Hartenstein. We go back to Hartenstein and Holmgren, we start the second half today again with Caruso. For Hartenstein. We get little dollops of like no big men at all, but only when we're down by 20 and the game is hopeless. The, the Wallace plus the Wallace version of the starting lineup, which is plus like a lot for the playoffs. I don't know if they even saw the floor at all today. It just, it makes me a little uneasy that the Pacers are like it, it's a little math in here, shepherd here. But for the most part, the Pacers know exactly who they're gonna play and when. And we've been talking about it all year and it hasn't mattered 'cause they're just so goddamn good and their defense is so goddamn good. I just, I'm fast. Like I don't who's gonna start for them in game seven, who's gonna start second half for them in game seven?


Who's gonna be like Isaiah Joe got unearthed again today, but only 'cause they were down by 30. It just makes me a little uneasy. That's all. Yeah, they did a little zone with an Isaiah Joe lineup. What was that? In the third quarter, which it's like, I just feel like, ok, so you should never have to play zone. It's one of the better defensive teams we've seen. But that it, it felt like they were, I don know whiff desperate. It's a good point though. I I, you know, we didn't understand why they went away from the two bigs uhoh. We lost, we lost Rob. We're live. We can do it. We Can carry without Rob. We can rob cast Rob. Oh, Rob's back. That was Rob. That was Rob's impression of Oklahoma city zone defense tonight. It popped up for one, popped up for one possession gone after that.


Rob got hit by James Johnson. I Heard one negative thing about Kaon Wallace. I'm like, I'm getting the fuck outta here. I cannot stand this. So I'm with you. That that lineup, that pit bull lineup that would play with Caseon Wallace. Like the numbers were actually pretty good for them. But we also didn't understand why they didn't start the two bigs when that had worked all year. They went back to that, but now they suddenly went away from that lineup. That was plus a lot. So I don't know. I wonder if you had to guess, would they start two bigs in this game? Seven Rob? Or would they go with the smaller lineup that they started with and a couple of the other games? I I'm Tempted to say if the Cruso stint had gone better in the second half today, they would've gone to it. But the fact that it came out with no real impact on the game at all, I think might, might give Mark Dagal some pause.


I ultimately, that is I think functionally their best lineup. Like we've seen when Alex Caruso is having a maximize effect on these games. Yeah, that's the thunder really at their best. That's their best style. You talking Caruso dot IJ will SGA in one big, I think they might do it one Big well I think that's, I call that their a lineup, although the numbers are not spectacular, right? Yeah.


All right, we're taking a break for the podcast. We're gonna keep going on YouTube. This episode is brought to you by HubSpot. Growing a business, it can feel impossible, but HubSpot's customer platform I promise, can help you. It's powered by a suite of AI tools called Breeze. So you can generate more leads, close more deals, and scale your service fast with Breeze agents handling the busy work, customers are cutting sales cycles in half and saving hours on work each week. Best of all, you can see results in days, not months. Visit hubspot.com/ai to learn more.


I'm just gonna say this and I didn't bet on the, I have OKC series bets, so I didn't realize I stayed away from the game today. For the most part, I thought OKC had solved Indiana and I thought they were gonna win tonight pretty convincingly. And I'm really surprised how that game turned out. And I guess I shouldn't be. The legacy of this Indiana team is don't ever be surprised. Don't ever count us out. Don't ever assume it's over. And yet I just felt like the Halliburton thing, it felt like he was gonna try to play limp around. It wasn't gonna go well. And more importantly, I just felt like KC had unlocked something from the second half of game four on and then they lost it.


And I don't, I, the only thing I can think of, Zach, is the rhythm of this Finals with this, the fact that we're playing this over the course of 17 days with all these breaks, maybe it's really hard to get a rhythm in this new 2, 2, 1 1 1 1 where that we have with all these breaks. I don't know, like what, what is the explanation? Well, I'd like to look back. Rob makes a great point about the early fouls. I I, I was aware of it, but I didn't maybe zero in on it as carefully as I thought because you know, there, there were two ways the thunder could come out in this game. Way number one was what happened when they were just a little bit skittish and just sort of out rhythm on offense. Way number two was just like, let's just pedal to the metal, fly on defense, take some risks, just take the force to them to a point that might almost be dangerous for us on some possessions.


If a gamble goes wrong or whatever, we fly, we hit somebody and there's a foul. I I thought they would just, let's just come out and overwhelm them with speed and force. And they didn't, they did not do that. They just, I mean, I, I don't know why, but again, credit to the Pacers, they played awesome and they took this game and I was with you, I thought with the Halliburton situation, I, I didn't think Indiana was gonna win the game. What About you Rob? I I thought the same. I you know, I think frankly the difference in what we saw from Halliburton was meaningful. Not just in terms of how they managed his minutes, but how he managed those minutes. Like there was the possession where he gets ched on a pump, fake on a three does a jump past Denise Smith in the corner and in game five, that's like end of story for Tyree Halliburton.


He was not moving well enough. He would've stopped right there in this game. It turns into a give and go for a layup. And there were so many possessions like that for him where it's like he's continuing to play through whatever consecutive action Indiana is running and now all of a sudden he is a decoy. He's not just a standstill shooter, he's someone who's actually changing the flow of play. And if he's able to do that, that's a meaningful thing. But now that the thunder are prepared for that, how do they come into a potential game? Seven. I I think there's so many weird little psychological elements of this. Like all the skittishness we're talking about for the thunder. How skittish are they gonna be when their season is on the line too? Like how is that gonna change the way that they play And I, Are They gonna that force, I expect Indiana, Indiana just plays its game.


Like I, I don I I just expected de end to come out and play like Indiana and game seven and just like the stage is the stage they just play and it's, they just keep playing. It's why they win these crunch time games. I don't expect them to look any different or any, any it Oklahoma season's gonna have to win the game at home. Hmm. Albert had a really nice quick trigger three in the second quarter. That was a shot. He wasn't taking a lot in these Finals where he just had to pick, he had a split second open and a shoot one and just shot it. And I remember thinking like, it's a pretty good sign, like if, if he can at least do that. A couple threes he got into the paint. Like the Indiana people always talk about the paint touches with him. Watch the paint touches, can he get in the paint?


So he did that. So OKC, big picture. This will be the, the second game, seven out of four series. They're now 68 and 14 in the, in the regular season. 15 seven in the playoffs. 83 and 21. So Rob, I know this is sad for you. Mm. They're now out of the 20 losses or less club, one of my favorite clubs that I created. I'm heartbroken. Do You have a different arbitrary line you would like to create for Them? No, I think this is the right line. 'cause this includes the 96 bulls, 87 and 1317 Warriors, 83 and 1697 bulls 84 and 1786 SE and 87 Lakers both 82 and 18.


The 2015 Warriors 83 and 20 in the 2013 heat. Oh no, they're not in there actually they're out. Sorry that that's the whole list. And then it goes into the, like the under 80 win teams, like the 83 Sixers, 71 bucks, et cetera. But they're now off that list. Much like the Celtics last year got bounced with that game four loss in Dallas. So historically I think we were all struggling to wrap our heads around OKC wins in six. What was this team? Was this a great season? Was it something more? Was it the beginning of something? But Now, you know, I i getting taken a seven by Denver and by Indiana where their best guys basically on one leg and the deciding, I don't know, not great for their, for their legacy.


Zach, Look, I I did the same basketball reference deep dives. I got it all written out on paper right here. All this list of teams, a great teams of all time just just to have it, just to have it ready. And you know what, I, I don't care. It's in the garbage now. The only thing I care about, the only record, 20 losses, 80 wins, whatever. The only record I care about for the next 72 hours is three three. That's all that stuff is gone Now. You gotta win one game or your season is officially a disappointment. That's that's where we are. And you lose the championship at home. That's it. Well there there's a little more at stake for OKC Rob. Sure. I Mean blowing the three, two lead blowing the 68 14 season and, and losing at home becoming the 15 ever to lose at home in a game seven.


That, that it's almost like there's more pressure on them even though they're the home team. I Think you could read it both ways and I like, I think all of that is true. I also think if you were to bet which of these teams is more likely to be back in the NBA Finals in the near future? I, I think the thunder are probably the safer bet. That's no disrespect to the Pacers, but just like the reality of what the thunder have built and the way it is constructed to last. It's in incre. They're gonna be good for a long time. We have every expectation of that. I just think in, in terms of what is actually at stake. All this legacy talk, how we're gonna contextualize them. It's really cool if you can wrap up the Finals in five or six games, winning a game seven in the NBA Finals is pretty fucking cool. And that's, that can submit you in a different kind of immortality than basically anything else can.


And so when you're talking about consummate winners and we're talking about what stars do we compare Shea to, if the thunder were to go on to win or Tyrese, Halliburton nor Pascal, how whoever goes on to win, like There just is no Bigger feather in a cap than this. All that matters is that you win in the end. Like all these discussions, it's like you either win or you don't and all that matters is you win. It doesn't matter how you do it, it doesn't matter what the margin is 'cause it's hard to get one. I mean it's hard. It's like by, by any measure, this team is incredibly well positioned to get multiple titles. I just think people are writing that even with this team as well set up as they are too casually.


Like it's hard to win a lot of NBA champ. Like people are like, well they could win 3, 4, 5. Like whoa, like it's hard to win that many NBA championships. You gotta get one. Think about what the 2021 title means to the bucks. Like everything's kind of been disarray since then. First round losses, trade rumors, all that. They got one and that validates everything that came before and it really lessens the pain of everything that comes after, no matter what it is. You gotta get one before we start having these historic cut Boston, you know, I was the best. I thanks for bringing them up. The best shot at at, you know, breaking the breaking the no repeat streak was gonna be I think a goal of theirs to really cement their, to, to your point about historical context and not knowing how to place the 60 whatever win Boston team from last year that had this margin, but they didn't feel like the 86 Celtics or whatever.


One way to elevate yourself and to stamp that first ship is to repeat. And they talked about how much they wanted to do that they didn't get outta the second round of the playoffs and their best player got injured. Like, it's really, really hard. You just gotta win. Everything has to stop until you win one because one is still really hard to get. Well one thing about Game Sevens at least recent history, and we're going back, if you go post a BA merger, we've had 19 78, 84, 88, 94 0 5, 2010, 13 and 16. Mm. They're usually pretty close games. They're usually really tense. They're ugly.


Oh yeah. They're not like exceptionally well played. You, you look up and you're like, oh my god, is it the fourth quarter yet? And it's like two minutes into the second quarter there's a weightiness to it. I was lucky enough to go to the 2010 one and the 2013 one. Were You lucky to be at that one? That's that's a lucky. I guess you were lucky. Well I was lucky from a like loving basketball. Yeah. Yeah. I was absolutely miserable afterwards as the like confetti dropped and lake our fans are going. That's, that was miserable. But yeah, there's, there's a weight that you can feel in those that I can't really describe. Yeah, everybody kind of, everybody who's in their seats, everybody who's on on the benches, everybody who's on the court, they understand like this is like life altering stuff now that if you win this, this is the rest of your life.


If you lose it, you'll be thinking about it the rest of your life. They usually come down to one or two plays. They usually come down to one random dude on one of the teams just getting hot or making some shot. Like in 2010 our test just hit that three and that kind of decided the game. Like nobody in the arena wanted to take him. He took it in 2013. Did you go to that one, Zach? The game seven? No, I wasn't there. You. Which was an awesome game. Everybody remembers the Ray Allen shot, but the next game was, was really great and Duncan had a little bunny from like five feet Yeah. To tie the game with like 50 seconds left that he's made his entire life and it didn't go in and he couldn't believe it and they had to foul and he like sunk to the ground.


I'll never forget he smack he smacked the floor I think in he smacked, sunk to the ground, punched the ground. Like he just couldn't believe it didn't go in. But a lot of times these games come down to that, these, you know, so I feel like this will be a good game. I don't think this will be usually in the earlier rounds. It's so-and-so wins by 30. I don't, I don't see that happening in this game. What do you think Rob? I I I'm in line with that. And to your point about the random role player, the random guy, like this is a Lew dot, Aaron Nesmith, Alex Caruso, Andrew Mhar kind of Wiggins moment. Wiggins Wiggins. Yeah. Like This is a Wiggins six outta seven from three. Absolutely. And and I think by extension, like in games that are that tense with that kind of physicality, that get that ugly, that's also like a Pascal kind of moment.


Like who is the most adaptable piece on the floor? Who is the guy who can do a little bit of everything? He's been, he's Been in the Finals Before, been in the Finals before. Who, who's the guy you trust with three seconds left on the shot clock to hit a crazy turnaround that he has no business hitting just by the, the nature and the context of the possession. That's Pascal outcome to me. Like those are the possessions that he manages to turn out through sheer versatility that almost no one else in this series can, like JW has some of that. Obviously Cha's like an incredible shot maker. Like there are guys who can hit great shots. But I, I will be incredibly shocked if Pascal Kom does not have exactly that kind of Swiss army knife effect on game seven. Like that's just, that's just who he is as the impact he's had on these games.


I'm gonna throw out Mathen again too, who did nothing today and really hasn't done anything since that game three. But I, my guess is Carlisle who's been in situations like this, he'll just, he'll just have like multiple grills on the oven going and he'll be like, I'm gonna throw Mathre in the pan for two minutes here. Just kind of see what happens and what, what does Ben Shepherd have going anything. And he'll sprinkle guys around until he sees somebody that he likes. Whereas OKCI think Wiggins would be the, you know, especially at home. And then the defense of Dot Caruso I would say would be the other two. But you know, this could also be a situation where like Shea is just awesome.


Jalen Williams just awesome. I love game sevens. It's crazy to me. Can you name the four teams that have won one On The road? On the road? Yeah. Cavs. Well right Cavs is the most recent One. 2016 Cavs, the Festa C Elite Classic. Oh come on. Six straight points. Trapped, trapped 25 feet from the basket against one of the greatest, greatest sports of all time. Well Your 1969 Boston Celtics is one. The 74 Celtics in Milwaukee coming off Kareem Sky Hook in game six where it seems like they blew the series. And then the fourth one, I'm, I'm, I'm really trying to get it. Not a lot of buzz for this series might even been taped, delayed the 1978 bullet.


Sonics wasn't gonna get it. Wow. Classic bullets went on the road. Dennis Johnson. Oh, for 14 pre Twitter. So, you know, I I I don't think he took a a huge beating. Seattle comes back the next year, wins the title and that's it. Those are the four. We've had some close ones. Like 2013 Spurs came damn close. 2010 Celtics that was down to It lasts minute that oh five Spurs Pistons game was, was a rock fight but was still pretty close. Two minutes left. Nobody liked that series way we should make an all, we should do an off season project of like rewatching 2005 piston spurs. Like everyone hated it. It went, it was seven, it was super intense.


There's a huge ori shot in there. So somewhere. I think They were K five. Yeah, no, the wrong teams are in the series. 'cause I mean Indiana was the be Yeah Ironically our test was in the arena tonight. 'cause the pacer set everyone back including Artes and I guess there's no line anymore for who gets invited back because facts are facts. Like he started a huge riot in a game, got spinner for the season and cost him the title and they're like, Ron, welcome back. Here's Pacer's jersey. But I thought the oh five Pacers were the, I thought they were probably the best team that year. And then Miami was really good too. And Wade got hurt. Yep. And we just kind of ended up with this piston Spurs Dunking was hurt.


Like it, it horrific. It was a weird one. It was just one of those years. Zach, your idea is both a Great editorial idea and also Spotify insurance does not cover the mental Re watchable. This 2005 Finals is not, is not gonna add. No it's a rock fight game. The whole game was really good though. No, but I think that that was, that was one of those years where we were like, thank God for the Suns. At least we get to watch one team run a fast break and do some stuff. The 94 Rockets next game was another one that was a rock fight. 88 Lakers Pistons was really fun. 84 Lakers Celtics was, you know, a pretty famous game. 88 Lakers Pistons Game seven in LA Is that the, the controversial lamb beer foul on Kareem at the end of the game?


Is that that game Like controversial? Do you, do you mean okay. I was just Easy. I was just, I was tee you up. Okay. Like, like an absolute abomination slate touch fo and a cream Sky Hook. Tell you decide the title. Lemme tell you because I've done it. If you bring that up to Joe Dumars it's like you just be prepared for like 12 minutes. It's the of commentary, it's, well There's two terrible calls 'cause there's that and then they have the ball of threes like five seconds left. They inbound it after two free throws. The fans stormed the court as the final play is going on where they have a chance to get a three off and magic Dex Isaiah and that they just, they're like, let's get outta here. And they just kind of end the game. So it's unprecedented.


It's unbelievable to watch. Anyway, so 16 Cleveland was, It lasts one that was, It lasts one in almost 50 years and that had, you know, LeBron one of the two best players of all time that had Curry who was hurt, that had Andrew Boggo was out. It was an absolute rock fight and it had Kyrie make one of the great final shots in It Lasts minute and the Warrior still must won that game. And one of the games Fight for ev everybody but Dream on Green somehow made like 1,000,000,003 30, 34. Yeah. Forgot about that. So yeah. Could Indiana be the fifth team ever? I guess what we've learned in the playoffs this year is do not count them out.


I just, I'm on counting them out. What do you think the line is, Rob? I think it's, You're not a huge gambling guy. I think the thunder our favorite for sure. I mean that's one thing we have not said. The thunder at home is a very different enterprise and that is a home court advantage. I do genuinely believe in that. It actually does make a tangible difference on the flow of the game. I think they are probably favored by four and a half points. That would be my guess. It's minus eight and a half. I was gonna go higher. I was gonna go higher than four and half. No one respects the Pacers. Even Vegas. Yeah, eight and a half. That's probably the lowest they've been favored at home. All right, so let's do, let's do morning TV segment.


Zach, why, who has the most at stake in game seven? The most At stake? Yeah. Okay. Okay. Well I'll take the bait. I'll take the bait at stake. Got you. Most at stake in game seven. Yeah, It's Shay. Gil just Alexander. It's capping an MVP season with a championship and I, I think he's probably still the favorite to win Finals. MVP and yeah, he'll have other chances. Right. But nothing is guaranteed in this life. Nothing is guaranteed in the NBA. No one on the Pacers other than like Rick Carlisle maybe has this sort of like, what, what would the, like they're also young in their careers, I guess you could say Halliburton immediately elevates himself.


Sure. Into, into, or sets himself up to be elevated into different kinds of conversations. I it's gotta be Shay Right? Was there any other answer to this? I think Shay makes sense. I think it's, I mean he's, he's in a position if they do win as far as guys who have won a title and an MVP before they turn 27, that's like a very, very select group of players. That's Bill Walton since the merger. Bill Walton. Yeah. Tim Duncan, Steph the Underachieving, Yana, Santa Kupo and potentially Shea. Like that's, that is a, a rare class of player that he could thrust himself in with an achievement like that. It's Paul. Any, any nominee? Any anyone, woman not wanna ate?


Paul George or the Clippers? Clippers for office. What is who? Oh, Paul George Rooting. Rooting for Indiana. Right. Paul George's legacy is all, is all over this series. So I, I have one more name for a what's at stake? Ooh. Sam Presti. Sure. It's a good one. It's a good one. That mean related to what I just Best GM of It lasts 20 years up. Three, two, he's been, he, you know, he's been knocking at the door really since 2012 in a bunch of different ways and this seemed like the year was gonna happen and I do not think he's sleeping tonight would be my guess what. But if they lose it's more that what does he have to gain?


Like clinching, clenching, clenching his place in history. Like it is like if they lose game severing, you'd be like, man, he really messed up this team. Mm No. Yeah it wouldn't be that but it would be more like, wow, who, who's done a better job in basketball over a longer stretch without actually having it pay off with the title. Although we learned from LeBron last week, rings don't matter anymore. Ring culture. Is that what he said? What was that? I'm not, what did he say? Ring culture's stupid. I'm not letting you suck me into any of, I Don't think that's what happened. So SGA right now is in this, if you wins the title people who average at least 30 a game and won the title and it's not a long list.


And it includes Michael Jordan, Hakeem lajuan, Kareem Shaq, Kawhi Leonard, LeBron James, Giannis, Kobe and Yoic. Pretty good. Pretty good. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, I would say he is the 30 30 a game in the playoffs. Right. 30 a game in the playoffs. Yeah. Okay. Because I was like Hakeem 30 points a game and I had, I don Yeah. Yeah. 30 game in the playoffs. So that's it. There's a slight Jalen Williams could do a big game James worthy in the seventh game. That's true. And have that kind of, you know, why is That just slight? He just had 40 points in, It's a game seven. It's, you know, I'm saying like James Worthy had an iconic game game seven, right?


He won the, did he win Finals at VP? I can't remember, but that's always been the James worthy game. Although I remember it the way Zach did is the, I can't believe they called that foul on lamb bear game. And why don't, and it, why doesn't anyone care that people are jumping on the court? So we'll see what happens. Zach, did you care about the Lakers selling for a valuation of $10 billion? Not actually $10 billion. I cared about the Lakers selling. Yeah, I mean I think there's a lot of 10 tentacle tentacles to that and how it could go going forward and the gradual exiting of the bus family from, you know, total control of the team. I think that's, that's very interesting. I don't wanna talk about it yet. Can we, can we talk about the Finals for two more minutes? Okay. What else do you have? Gimme more final Topics.


I just wanna, they they, they just updated the stats. Okay. Yeah. On nba.com. And I just want to read the offensive ratings for the series. Indiana 1 0 9 0.5, Oklahoma City one 10.5 that is about the equivalent of the Utah offense against the New Orleans offense in the regular season. I just wanna tip my cap to both defenses because this has been a defensive series and both of them have stepped up to the plate, including Indiana. Like those are pretty stark. Like these offenses have kind of been ground in into nubs in this series. Like that's pretty impressive stuff. That's all I wanted. I just saw the numbers. I wanted to say that before we talked about the Lakers.


Who, Rob Who do you think we, I, I don't wanna say underestimate in terms of the Pacer's defense, but like I, I maybe weren't categorizing correctly. 'cause you look at the Thunder defense obviously in the regular season, the numbers were what they were, their success was what it was. It drove a 68 win juggernaut season. That defense and you could look up and down, you know, J Dub, second team, all defense, Lou Dot first team all defense or at least worthy. And you know, that's not to say nothing about guys like Caruso and Hartstein who might have made it if they had been healthier. You never really hear any of that with the Pacers. You never really hear it about Andrew Emhart or Aaron Nesmith or Miles Turner or Pascal. And I'm wondering like What is It that we are missing if it's in terms of individual talent or is it just the kind of collective play and the way those guys are able to work off of each other?


Like what is it that it's been able to elevate their defense in the way that it has? I guess my thought on that would be they try so freaking hard consistently, which I think is like it was, JJ had that quote during the season when they asked him what did he learn coaching a team And he's like, the number one thing I've learned is that you have to try really hard and when You don it gets really hard. Like he had one of those quotes like that. He was like, I've learned that over everything else. How important effort is. It sounds stupid but effort matters the most in Indiana for whatever reason those guys play really, really hard all the time. So it, you know, you look at the guys individually, MHAR not, he doesn't have a ton of size right? But he is able to stay with SGA doing like TJ McConnell, you would never think of him as like a lockdown defender.


Toppin certainly has never been accused of being an awesome defensive player. You going down the line and it doesn't really make sense. I do think Knee Smith feels like he's finally moving the way he did before he hurt his ankle in that Nick series. 'cause he had a couple of those threes when, you know, and Zach and I know this 'cause we've watched the highlights on New Smith Island together, those threes he hit when he is running full speed stops in the corner with and just put so much torque on his lower body but then could still get off these threes. And I didn't feel like he was doing that for about two weeks there with his, with his ankle. And he seems healthy to me now. How were you? There's a sta there's a statue of that on D Smith Island. Just a contested like, like three leaning three.


Yeah, yeah. Was Was there power on Nesmith Island or were these highlights like shadows on the cave wall? Like how were you watching that? We had a generator. Okay. There's a, there's a drive-in theater right in the middle of the island Now. You can drive your car up, sit and have a couple of drinks and just watch highlights of Aaron Nesmith. Is there Another island we need to start after the success of Nesmith Island? Is there anybody you had your eye on? Zach, How long do you want this podcast to be? I mean like, I Don't know, is there a number one draft pick for You? I don dunno, I have to, I I, I wasn't prepared for that question. I didn't think hard about it. I wanted like Pacers defense, 2, 3, 4 of of their starting lineup just rock solid across the board. Maybe not an all defense level player among them, although maybe, but just like rock solid Halliburton has just amped up his effort to a new level throughout the entire playoffs.


Yeah. Like he's always gonna be the liability, the weak link. But he has just the way he rotates around the floor and contest shots. He's a, he's a different guy than he was last season. And I would love to go and look at schematically exactly what Indiana is doing because if you look at like people have stopped kind of talking about because the Thunder had been winning games, how low their passes per game numbers are in the series. They've stayed super low even as the thunder appeared to have taken control of the series and over and over again we see these games where they don't move the ball, they don't get assists, they don't generate threes. And it's like what, what is, what is their team and their coaching staff doing and what are they not doing to continue to coax the thunder into this like trap of mud where they just get nothing easy.


And I don't know the answer to that. I do know that this is probably the reason why after all of the talk before the series was well Indiana, you know, they, they'll spring a zone here and there. Yeah this is, you said they've played no zone at all because I think they're just like all is zone is gonna do is give them easy passes all over the floor and space all over the floor. And as long as they're not doing that against our Amanda Balik, we're just not going to it. But it's much more complicated than that. But they have gummed up Oklahoma City in the same way every game to the point that of Oklahoma City doesn't get to 20 points in transition off of turnovers. Like this is the kind of results you're gonna get. And I would love to go deeper into, I, I would love to know more about what they're doing basically. Well I think some of it is what you mentioned earlier, Zach, about the fact that Rick Carlisle can for example, toggle how much they're doubling Shaa game to game, moment to moment, quarter to quarter stretch to stretch, whatever it may end up being.


They're just one of those defenses that that is not any one thing. And I say that even to mean like who is their go-to stopper one series is Aaron Nesmith. 'cause Mhar doesn't really have as much of a shot guarding Jalen Brunson in this series. Even despite what you may think of like Hue is physically and the defenders who profile well against him, MHAR Hass been great and in some series it's AKA and in some series like you're just really relying on the help and the rotation of all those guys. And so I think there is an element of you're never quite sure what to expect from them. You're never quite sure coming into a series between games, do we have it nailed down the way that they're going to guard this exact action? I don't think anyone does. And I think that's a huge part of what makes a bunch of really smart physical intuitive defenders be wildly successful in a run like this.


Yeah, Zach's toggle thing, it's actually a football, it's like a cornerback blitz or like a safety bl like where you kind of know a blitz is coming maybe, maybe it's not coming. Oh no it's gonna come a lot. Nope it's not coming anymore. And that seems like what they're trying to do to SGA and they're sending those late blitzes at 'em. It's pretty cool to watch. Zach, my broker, I'll call you tomorrow, but there's some opportunity on Cam Whitmore Island if he's in the Phoenix trade. I don't know if you're interested maybe a, maybe a cabin. I mean He, he could average 20 points a game in a snap. All right team might not win That much. Rob let us know if you want, I'm put a little, He was, I wanna say the first or second overall pick in our group chat expansion draft exercise this year.


Lot of lot of Cam Woodmore fans over on group chat. We believe


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats Summer is here and you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny day is delivered with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well you can't get it well-groomed lawn delivered but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered a day in the sun. No. A bottle of rum, yes, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You Must be legal drinking age please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by Region C app for details.


This episode is brought to by LinkedIn during the season every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a hot month or two. You need sustained dominance throughout. While the same is true for your small business, it's not enough to have a great Q2, even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires. That'll be there for the long haul to find those hires use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is presented by State Farm on the basketball court. The best players know when to pass and off the court. You still need teammates who are there when accounts. That's where State Farm comes in with agents to help you find coverage that's right for you. You can focus on what really matters, whether that's hitting game winners or just getting through the day like a good neighbor State Farm is there there. State Farm coverage options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state.


Did you wanna Talk about the Lakers? I rudely swayed the discussion away from the Lakers. Did what? It seemed like you wanted to talk about the Lakers. Well it was the most interesting thing that's happened since It lasts time. I've talked to you and I haven't talked to Rob this whole Finals just something that had been rumored for a while and especially after Mark Walter bought the 27% in 2021 and he had the hammer if they ever tried to sell. And it was like, well if they ever sell it's gonna be to this guy And then the Celtics sale sale happens and it's like hmm. And there had been some buzz and then outta nowhere it happened. And I don't, I'm not positive it was outta nowhere because there had been some some rumblings. But you know for what, given the fact that he had the big stake already and then the bus family kept 18% so he only had to buy another 48% to get that majority stake.


So he slapped on the 4.8 billion. It seems like it's 10 but it's half that. It's still like a crazy amount of money for a team that doesn't own an arena. And I had the same reaction with the Celtics. Like even though I knew the number was gonna be the number, I'm still like kind of staggered. They have a lease that goes through Staples Center until 2041 I think the rest of the league. And you're already seen stuff that being mentioned and written about the Lakers notoriously really frugal for a team that was the signature franchise in the league. There were millions of stories. They Are but a mom and pop franchise bill. Yeah, they're being run like the local drugstore in in Pasadena and meanwhile they're the biggest drugstore in America and and people are wondering, well what if that changes?


What does that mean? I still feel like they were spending a lot of money Rob. Yeah. It's not like they were cheaping out on luxury tax. But it will be interesting to see if what, what this group was able to do with the Dodgers Professionalizes the Lakers in the same way. What that's gonna mean. I think it's pretty scary. Yeah, I think they're spending a lot of money and then there's caution to the wind level money there is, we're just gonna try to blow this thing over at the top and that can get you as the Phoenix Suns can attest into some really deep water, sometimes take you to some really dark places as a franchise. I think there's the Lakers element of the story and then there's the larger, like there is a whole class of NBA owners and governors who are now selling and migrating out of that business.


Yeah, I think some of that is just those valuation numbers going up and up and up to a point where you just can't say no anymore realistically to something like that. But is this something that a lot of people are getting out of the NBA owning business that this is the time that they have selected to say Lakers, Celtics, Mavericks, Hornets, who else? Who else has sold recently? There's, I mean the Ws kinda been kind of protracted process. Wow. The Suns were forced sons of course. So I've heard this argument and I think if you go case by case, each one actually makes sense individually and doesn't seem like part of a larger trend like the Celtics one, W's dad wanted to sell and he owned the biggest chunk of the team and he's hitting his nineties and he wanted to get his estate in order and that was it. They won the title, he won it out.


The Mavericks thing was super weird for a bunch of reasons. They had a bunch of organizational stuff going on. Mark Cuban might wanna run for president. I, I don't know if that was, and I wanna get ahead of this whole media rights thing. This is the perfect time. I I actually think he probably would've been better off holding on for a year or two more Timberwolves thing. The guy regretted it the moment he agreed to the deal he was trying to get out of it for three years. Yeah the sons, they made Sarver sell. So this is the first one where, What Was Portland's in that group too, although that's been another kind of long Process that was like, yeah that was like a family. The guy was the guy died and left it to the family. I think with, when you have these, a lot of siblings and a family and siblings getting older and they started thinking about the estate tax stuff, I think it does change.


Like they look at it and like, hey we can cash in now we split all the money and there's ways to do it. But Zach, you think going forward with the Dodgers owning the Lakers basically and Luca IC in there, this is a pretty safe bet to be a dominant franchise now I would say for the next 10 years because they've proven they could do this with the Dodgers. Well I mean people are gonna laugh at the idea that, you know, what it, what did the, what did the, do the Lakers need more? I mean they're the Lakers, there's a reason Laker exceptionalism stars just fall into their lap all the time. Like they already had this baked in advantage and it, the, the NBA is not baseball. You can't spend on payroll infinitely, right?


There's, there's a cap and a hardish cap then it's not baseball But you can spend on all the other stuff that's which is like something bombers doing that. So Now, so that's the point. That's the point is all of this stuff that the Lakers have not spent on commensurate with their place in the market, whether it's analytics, scouting, video, all the fancy stuff. Like it's, it's kind of cute to make fun of that. Like, oh is that really gonna help the Lakers? Like the Lakers need help, is it really gonna help on the, on the fringes of the roster because they'll miss on a lot of those moves on the fringes of the roster. But the point is like over time, if you set yourself up to just make better decisions on roster spots, five to 15 over 10, 20, 30 years, you will in the aggregate make better decisions on roster spots five to 15.


And that is where all the spending I think will matter. And there's just, I think it's super, I think it's super interesting. I just think the bus family Game of Thrones thing is really interesting. I think the bus like, like Jerry Buss obviously has been passed away for a while, but that class of owner is is leaving and you talked about people getting outta the NBA business. These prices are like, there's only so many people that can even get into the NBA business right now. Yeah, well even to buy like 5% of these teams is an enormous amount of money and it just is gonna open the door for like what kind of funds are gonna get more involved and we're moving more in that direction because we're just running, you can only go to Larry Ellison so many times and be like, hey you want 8 billion, you want a team?


Like there's just not many of those like people. Yeah and it seems, oh go ahead Rob. I was Gonna say it, it feels telling you like the Lakers are in their own classes we've decided or just discussed in terms of what their appeal is to players and what their place is in the league. Like they're a unique case, but we're coming off a week in which Desmond Bain showed up at the, at the practice facility in Orlando and was like, this isn't what it's like in Memphis. And coming off a week in which there was a clip of Deonte Murray going around talking about how he couldn't even get time on the training table in New Orleans. The pelicans are, the pelicans are like the whole PE cell whole whole separate thing. Totally, totally Separate Thing. 10 the pelican, all of Which is to say there is lots of room on the margins to do things that are meaningful to your bottom line as an organization are meaningful to players are meaningful to your success as a franchise that are right there.


Like spending on training facilities, spending on a practice facility, spending on assistant coaches, spending on analytics. Like all of that stuff is within any owner's theoretical grasp if they would care to do it and everyone pinches Penny somewhere and tightens the bell buckle somewhere else. But like that stuff is right there for the taking for any owner who wants to do it. Yeah, and I think, I feel comfortable saying this. I I think they succeeded. It lasts 20 years despite the ownership situation, the Lakers. I also think we, I I really do, I i I feel like, Well was it the, all the litigation and like, Well if LeBron doesn't decide in 2008, you know, 2017 range, I'm gonna go to the Lakers, I wanna move all my operations there.


They're just a mess. Like any other team, they would've had all these weird lottery picks. They would've had to try to figure out how, you know, they picked second three years in a row, then they traded all the rest of their picks for Anthony Davis. Like I feel like they succeeded despite the ownership situation. Now granted they just made one of the best trades in the history of professional sports, so you can't criticize it too much, but I'm just saying like what the Dodgers have done and what that ownership group has done for that team. If they can figure out how to do something similar in basketball and the same kind of advantages. Zach, I I just feel like is gonna be different. Only A, a couple of things on what you just said, I think because LeBron went there and then LeBron's agents basically got Anthony Davis to join him there.


Yes. The whole like five or six straight years when they were out of the playoffs and a total disaster and the Nick Young DeMar, the DeAngelo Russell like thing happened and all of that. The Kobe, That was a long time. That was like a Charlotte Hornet's Sacramento King's Yes. Stretch of like, what the hell is going on here? This is like 27, 35 win seasons. Like, and there was no guarantee it would end. And then LeBron came and then AD came and to my earlier point They got won and that's a big deal to get one. Yeah, They got one and now they've been handed this life raft to the post LeBron era in, in Luca. But like they're gonna have to, it's not like the west is no joke.


It's, it's not like they're guaranteed a title any in the next five years just because They got Luca. They're gonna have to work to get it. The other big thing that happened this week, since It lasts time, I saw you Zach and we haven't talked about this at all, Rob, is we thought it covered the trade would happen by now by all accounts, the offers are not good. I'm checking my phone just in case every, when you see me looking down, I'm just looking for just, just case. The word on the street is the offers have sucked and they made the classic mistake of basically what happened with David Griffin last year in New Orleans, right? It's like can't have this roster anymore. We've gotta make some moves and the rest of the league is like, oh, you gotta make some moves, huh? Heard you had to make some moves?


Yeah. Oh, oh here's my crappy offer. I don't know how this KD thing plays out anymore Rob. I would assume it's gonna be Houston and I would assume it's maybe it's gonna be a shortened version of the, the trades Illa and I were talking about on Sunday and maybe it's just Jabbar Smith and, and Jalen Green and Jalen Green gets rerouted somewhere and sure maybe that's the entire trade, but at some point the price becomes low enough that if you're Phoenix you might have to go look KD we, we tried to trade you, there were no good deals. We're keeping you. I think That's easier said than done though with the Jalen Green aspect of that. Like nesting doll, nesting dolling, the Jalen Green Trade saga within the Kevin Durant trade saga and trying to find the 13 that's like super high on Jalen Green.


It's very hard. I think it's quite challenging and like I can understand like Cuson for, for Kevin Durant, I would love to see it. I think it makes a ton of basketball sense. Granted, you know the, the varying levels of agreement within that organization as far as like who is gung-ho about that move and who is more patient about it? I, I get all of it. I think they have proven defensively and in terms of the core of that team, that they're ready to take a step forward. That they're ready to consolidate some of that talent with Exactly a player like Kevin Durant. And so there should be, I think there should be a lot of will on Houston's side to get it done. I understand why they might be like slow playing that market and why Phoenix would be kicking the tires on everyone to the point that like have we already rounded the corner to Detroit being in this conversation?


Is that a thing yet? 'cause I feel like they could be in this conversation if they could. They're, I've been banging this drum for two weeks, come on three weeks. They definitely, why not? Should be, Come on. Well there would have to be some prize in there other than the Tobias contract. Of course. Yeah. Like just a matter of who you like. Are you a Ron Hollands? Jade Ivy? I don know. I still like, it Feels like a great ending, Jabari. I'm excited. It feels like a great ending for Kevin Durant sort of strange meandering career post OKC is like this random franchise that's been kind of in purgatory to bad for quite a long time in this market that doesn't draw free agents. What if Kevin Durant and Cade Cunningham, NSR Thompson and Jalen Duren made the Finals one year for the Detroit Pistons.


It's a perfect ending. What If he saves the American auto industry? You know, I think there's lots of options on the board for us that could be very exciting. The Chrysler Durant coming crazy. I'll tell you this. If I'd wanna be in the east, if I was anybody who's, I guess the Ranch's already won some rings, so maybe he's looking for basketball hat. You guessed he's already won some Ring. I know, I'm just saying he doesn't have to chase like some other guys. A A burner account is gonna tweet something. Just did you said That I know he's won some rings. Sorry, Kevin Durant, please don't at me. No, but he, I I think he would, he's probably looking for basketball happiness more than I have one more chance. I need my third ring because so and so only has two.


I don't think he thinks of that. The most interesting part of the Houston Phoenix negotiations to me, which I assume just comes down to Phoenix identifying two or three things they'd like throwing in in Houston, trying to hold onto two of those three things or whatever it is, is the 2027 Suns draft Vic. Because in trading for Kevin Durant, I'm probably making your team worse in the short term, you know, for the next couple seasons at least. And, and giving you a puzzle that you've gotta build your way out of before that 2027 draft pick comes due. And I'd like to keep it like, I'd like to keep that pick and you know, I I assume Phoenix is absolutely dead set on getting it back and I just think that's a, that's a really delicious little piece of like, I don't, I would love to be on those phone calls.


Well, we're at the point now where it seemed like there were three teams like let, like leaving Indiana this weekend, it seemed like it was a three team race. He said he picked his teams. All right, here we go. We're gonna, now it feels like eight teams might be involved. Like I'm prepared for anybody like you. You threw Detroit out. I don't think that's, that's crazy. Like I think they should be. I Don't think it's cr the Toronto Lurkers, Lur Lur, the Lur, the Lu Loiters, the Toronto Loiters. Zach, I wish you cared about the draft because the Ace Bailey saga is the other way. I care. I've been follow, I've been on the phone for the, all of It lasts two Days. Ace Bailey saga. This has not really happened since like Lamar Meyer 20 years ago where somebody's just refusing to work out for teams.


Yeah. What, What level of no-show are we talking about? Like are the restaurant reservations made and he's just like not going on the trip and they have to cancel everything? Like how far in the Process there just sitting himself at a table? Sir, it's been, it's been two hours. I don't think your party's, I don't think your party's showing up. I think, I think Darrell loves this. This is like, oh this is, you're challenging me to draft you. No, I'm gonna do this. You you think I'm afraid You think you're scaring Mepi. I listen it seems like he has pretty shaky representation around him. I'll say that seems to be the word in the street. They're doing things a little unconventionally maybe in the wrong way. Conspiracy bill's Wondering if he's just trying to push himself to Brooklyn at number eight.


I don't think he's getting to Number Eight. You don't think he's getting there? I Don't think he's getting, I don't think No, I I, you know what, look, I conspirators a lot of Meyer felt a nine Cons conspiracy bill should be just having a blast with the ace BA thing. 'cause there's like seven different Ace Bailey conspiracies floating around the league and the top 10 teams in the draft. And my net conclusion to putting all the conspiracy theories together and meshing them into a a ball is, I don't think you would get to eight, but maybe I wouldn't be surprised. Yeah, I would guess Someone in that Pelican's Wizards. Yeah, I would. The wizards have to take him. They just have to. But you know, on the other hand, that's the kind of selection that has ruined the wizards slash bullets for It lasts 40 plus years.


But it's interesting. It's, it's a really fun old school completely hit or completely miss Prospect where you could see all these different scenarios for it. But yeah, that's been a talk of the league as well. And it'll also be interesting to see if, I think people are expecting maybe Philly will move backwards, a spot or two spots to try to pick up some extra assets, dump a contract, you know that Utah, the who knows with the stuff on, on social media what's true and not true. But that whole moving back two spots with Utah, giving them Paul George. So Utah moves up two spots. I just don't know why Utah would wanna even move up two spots. So there's the thing, if Ace Bailey is now has gone from number three pick to where is he gonna get picked?


What is u And so now the whole three to eight is just shuffle it up. You know, some guys will go higher. I think Trey Johnson's probably climbed a little higher whatever, but like, yeah, if I'm Utah, why am if I, if It's Z knowing the draft this year, Jesus. Yeah, Look at that. If it's who Are you? If it's unpredictable, if it's unpredictable and I don't have a grip on it as a gm, why am I paying a premium to move up if I don't know if the guy I am paying a premium for might, maybe I do it on the clock. I I, you know, it could just be an on the clock kind of thing and that it has to happen that way You're doing it. If you love Edgecomb, that's the thing. If you feel like we have to leapfrog somebody to get edgecomb, that's when you would do it. But I still think three years of Paul George also putting Paul George in Utah.


What if he doesn't wanna go am my head. He headed that that way. Well kid, How many times can he relocate the podcast Peace Studios? It's a, it's like two U-Haul, like I don know. We'll see, we'll see what happens.


This episode is brought to you by Wayfair. Summer is almost here. The days are getting longer and warmer, which means it's time to update your outdoor space and make it feel more like yours. You know, outdoor furniture, I like comfortability. It's gotta be something that if it gets a little rainy, damp, anything, maybe you want stuff that you don't have to cover all the time. Just in case it's drizzling for five seconds. You want just a nice, clean, simple, let's all go hang out. It's gonna be getting dark by 8 45 tonight. Let's go hang out. Let's listen to some music. I got the Bushra eight piece sectional seating group with cushions and that's great. Wayfair Perfect helps you in a time crunch the delivery free fast, hassle free something for every style, every home, no matter what your space or budget is. Wayfair makes it easy to tackle your summer home goals and you gotta do it right now. 'cause Summer's coming with endless inspiration for every space and budget, including the outdoors. So don't wait until summer's in full swing shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online. Go comfortable, go simple this summer. Get outside with Wayfair, head to wayfair.com right now. W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair every style, every home.


This episode is brought to you by the Wells Fargo Active Cash credit card. This is an ad for the active cash credit card from Wells Fargo. That's a mouthful but that's because it packs a lot in Earn unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases with it big or small. So whether it's buying tickets to the game with your mom or grabbing a coffee with your dog, earn unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases made with it. Say it with me. The active cash credit card from Wells Fargo. Learn more at wells fargo.com/active cash in terms apply.


Alright fellas. Prediction for game seven. Do you have one yet? Okc Buy a ladder or buy a little or something else. You got Rob Okc buy a little, I'm gonna go OKC rock fight. Close game for three plus quarters and then maybe they pull away and win by the seven to nine range. Zach O kcs up to with 10 seconds to go. Halliburton takes a jump shot and the screen goes to black like the ending of the Sopranos. And I know What happens For like the rest of our lives. Just, I like another, some cataclysmic event occurs and the Finals are over.


Well, I'll tell you this, if Indiana wins game seven, it will be the first team mentioned. When we talk about like the hickory high type, craziest sports movie type teams that actually won the NBA title. They'll First, I'm telling you right now, if they win game seven, I'm drinking on the podcast after the game, I will do the podcast with a drink because it'll just be such an incredible start to finish, run of crazy finishes and you count on us out and shots that go up to the ceiling and go in, I'm drinking on the podcast. If they win, I Think they win wins and then they go, ratings were the lowest it's ever been for game seven and we have to do that whole thing. It's like, yeah, this was a fucking awesome basketball series. Yes.


Fuck everybody. I think they, if they do win, they would be probably like the team of my lifetime, to be honest with you. In terms of the run that they've been on. Like I, there's nothing like it. There is, there is no comparison point. It only happens in baseball. We see it happen in baseball where an offense can just get hot for, you know, three weeks and one pitcher is pitching well and they're like, oh my God, we just won the World Series. Like the 2013 Red Sox were a little bit like that. It never happens in basketball. Nope. I didn't make a real prediction. I guess you guys did, so I should make one. I I'll just, I'll cop out and go OKC wins a very close game that would, that seems to be the most likely of many, many different scenarios.


But I'm officially at the stage where like almost nothing would surprise me about this series. Nothing, no outcome. Do you like my revised final schedule of going Thursdays Saturday, three days off game three Tuesday game four Thursday? Well you had Three days off in there somewhere Just between game two and game three for the travel. So Sunday, Monday and then part of Tuesday off, and then you're playing Tuesday night, No, Thursday, Saturday. Yeah. And then we go Tuesday, Thursday and then we just go Sunday game five. Tuesday game six, Thursday game seven, let's go, let's through It.


Unless I'm wrong, that's only two days off between games two and three, not three s, Sunday, Thursday, Saturday and then Tuesday, Sunday, Sunday, Monday off. Right? What I'm hearing is this sounds a lot like your podcast schedule. Like you just wanna align the NB Finals with your Pod didn. That would be a great idea. You know that that's, I even like that more now Look, I am on, I am on team 2, 3, 2 needs to come back. 2, 3, 2 makes the Finals. I I have a lot of arguments for it. I am pro 2, 3 2, none of the Yeah, you've done the, you've, you're, you're a catalyst for this one. I I've been, I've been on, I love 2, 3, 2 and it, it allows you to have the two days of rest.


I fewer times than happens in 2, 2, 1, 1, 1. I think you could, I'll go, I'm gonna go through it at a later date, but I, I love 2, 3, 2, I never have really understood the two big arguments against 2, 3, 2, neither of which is Hollinger wrote about this 15 years ago. There's the argument that, well, it's unfair to the top seed because the top seed should always have game five at home. And then it's like, well, it's unfair to the lower seed because it's impossible to win three straight games at home. Well, it's who is it unfair to? The answer is it's not really unfair to anybody more or less than the 2, 2, 1, 1, 1, 2, 3, 2. Rob. Two, three. Two or two. Two. One. One, one. I Oh, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 1. How about we go the other way?


I Am but a medium member, so I'm always rooting for less travel. Especially when Za exit. There's no real actual reason for it to be 1 1 1 by the end. I like parking in a place I like, I like laying some roots. Let me hang out in a final city over the course of those three games on the road. I, I think there's a lot of reason for it. It is true. If it was 2, 3, 2, we would've gone to all three Indiana games and had a great time. Yeah, I like Indiana. I miss that place. Great milkshakes in the garden, square arena, whatever the hell that place is called. I heard You compare it to a cocaine bump and I was just like, wow. Yeah, if you have a milkshake at 10 o'clock at night, you're basically Vincent h and heat just doing bumps at three in the morning at Garden DJ's. Alvarado Garden Square Arena is definitely not Garden Square.


What the Game Bridge Fieldhouse is is called. Just For the record. I like Arts. Sp All right, Zach Lowe, Rob Mahoney, glad we finally did one. All three of us together thanks to Ga How and Eduardo as well. I'm gonna be back on Sunday with another podcast. Zach, do you know your schedule yet or no? I don't know. It's just gonna happen. It's podcast are gonna come out. Schedules up in the air, plus TV's a mess with the Prestige tv. Well, we Got group chat coming tomorrow morning. I'm gonna go second watch this game and then we're going right back to it. Right back to it with more Takes. You're the best. Thanks to everybody for listening here and watching on YouTube and we'll see you over the weekend.


Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in president dc. Gambling problem call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg-help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts, or call 1 8 7 7 8 HOPE NY or Text HOPE NY in New York.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA, the official beer partner of the NBA. What do I love about the NBA championship? Well, first of all, I love when the Celtics win, but that's not happening this year. But you know what? I really love the drama, the pressure, everything goes to the highest level. Guys are injured, guys are banged up. Guys are hungry. It just brings out the best of everything and MLO B Ultra is helping you celebrate like a champion with a chance to win your own limited edition championship bottle. Just like those gifted to the BA players during the championship parade. Enter now at michelob belcher.com/courtside/champs bottles Michelob Belcher courtside, Victor Solomon Champs bottle sweepstakes, no purchase necessary open to US residents, 21 plus ends June 22nd, 2020. See official rules@michelobbocher.com slash rules for free entry prizes and details, message and data rates may apply. Avoid wear prohibited.


This episode is brought to by LinkedIn During the season, every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a hot month or two. You need sustained dominance throughout. While the same is true for your small business, it's not enough to have a great Q2 or even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires. That'll be there for the long haul to find those hires. Use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions. Apply.