
You're listening to The Bill Simmons Podcast, presented by FanDuel FanDuel. Sportsbook is the best place to bet on the NBA A. We have these fun little Tuesday, Friday player performance stuff. We have same game parlays, we have picks for me sometimes and boosts and all kinds of fun things. Get ready in the playoffs. Download the FanDuel Sportsbook app today to get in on the action. And by the way, The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit The Ringer dot com slash rg to learn more. Listen to the end of this episode for additional details. Must be 21 plus President Select states game problem called one 800 GAMBLER. Or visit rg help.com.


Coming up, I'm still at the Masters. We're gonna talk a lot about golf and we're gonna just em at the top. It's all next.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra. Michelob Ultra. A superior light beer in the ultimate trophy. Win or lose. You're bound to enjoy the ride with a good beer in hand. Michelob ultra crisp, refreshing only 95 calories, a superior light beer, no matter the game Sporter, season Superior is worth playing for. So sign up for ultra courtside@michelobultra.com slash courtside and you can enjoy some of these games with a nice beer in your hand. Enjoy responsibly copyright 2025 Anheuser-Busch Michelob Ultra Registered Light Beer St. Louis, Missouri. Must be 21 plus to order alcohol. Alcohol available only in select Markets.


Next, we're also brought to by The Ringer Podcast Network where we launched the Zack Lowe Show this week. He did three episodes. You can watch them as video podcasts on Spotify. You can listen to them wherever you get your podcast. You can watch it on Zach's YouTube channel that we launched as well. So check it out on might pop on there next week.


Fandel Sportsbook. We're doing 30 on 30 on Fridays where you can bet on 30 point scores for the last Friday of the NBA regular season. I'll be tweeting out my picks at some point on Friday Coming up on this podcast. Joe House and I stayed up late here on the East Coast to watch Minnesota, Memphis, Minnesota convincing. We're gonna talk about that and what the West Picture looks like for the playoffs. Headed into the final weekend of the season. And then we talk about the Masters, me and House and Nathan Hubbard, our Fairway rolling host. We were at the course all day today. We noticed a lot of stuff. We're gonna talk about that. And then last but not least, we had James Baby Doll Dixon on the Tuesday pod.


Lot of questions from listeners, from people in my life. What's going on with that guy? So we dove into it with me and Sal and Chang and Baby Doll, and we went for a full hour with him. So this is quite a podcast. I think we should bring in our friends from Pro Tip. All right, we're taping this past midnight on the East Coast because we are here in Augusta, Georgia.


We're gonna talk a lot of golf. We're gonna do a big Baby Doll deep dive later. We have a lot of good stuff Coming up on this podcast. But Joe House is here and we stayed up late to watch Minnesota Memphis a game that yet again. Game had dramatic Western Conference ramifications. Minnesota wins Minnesota. Now the seven Seed Memphis, now the eight seed looking like they're going to get absolutely slaughtered by okc. Wait a minute. Unless, yeah, unless, unless that's right. Unless, yeah, they lose the eight, nine game. Mm. So Memphis 12 and 17 in their last 29, that includes a coach firing 21st net rating in those games, not counting tonight.


And they would play their Sacramento or Dallas in the eight nine game. And we were watching them this whole game, and I've watched them a few times. They can't guard anybody anymore. It just feels like anyone can go off on them. If they go a little smaller, they can get bullied. They can't guard anybody's like perimeter, point guard, scoring guard type guy. It's a mess. And I, I just don't think they're any kind of threat whatsoever. I wholeheartedly agree. The interesting thing to me is this whole game flipped in the third quarter. It was, Yeah, Memphis was winning at halftime. They Were up five at halftime. It was 72 to 67 at half Time.


We knew, we knew this 'cause you had a a first half bet. Yeah, on Minnesota. I did that somehow. I did somehow. Yeah, you played that perfectly. It worked out absolutely sublime as usual. But the third quarter was 52 to 25, 52 points in the third quarter for the Minnesota Timber Bowl. What's the coach's name? Coach bo Co. Yeah. T-O-B-O-T-O-B-O. Yeah. The new mi the new Memphis coach who apparently didn't have any defensive playbook Stuff. The the interim Memphis coach. Yeah, the Memphis coach for the moment. What A disappointment when you think where that team was three years ago versus where they're heading going forward and what their assets are and what Do you think where that team was two months ago, two and a half months ago.


It's like the most interesting thing they have going is, oh, John Marant, he's doing a grenade now. He was doing the gun before, now he's doing the Grenade celebration. It's like, how about play some fucking defense job Marant, how about that? Why don't you guard somebody? It it, it's a team that needs some shaking up the coach firing. Like what would You trade for John Marant for the, if you're the Wizards G No, God no. It'd make they make John Marant makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. You Got the fourth pick in the draft, would you trade Jordan Pool and the fourth pick for John Marin? No. No. Well, Jordan, no, no, no, no. Okay. No. I understand the marketing stuff. He's beloved in, in Memphis. Veno reminds us of, you know, the trajectory he was on with a Nike relationship and with the league's interest in promoting him As my friend Polly Walnuts once said, remember when is the lowest form of conversation?


It was, it wasn't that long ago. Yeah, I get it. Well, so Ant has grabbed, and we knew this happened already, but Ja had that cool young on the Rise superstar spot and Ant grabbed it and was awesome tonight it looked. Now who knows, this could flip around, but Minnesota plays Brooklyn and Utah at home. Two teams that don't wanna win games anymore. Worst case scenario, they're gonna be a seven seed unless there's some sort of massive collapse. Gold State is at Portland home for the Clippers next to, so Minnesota could potentially climb to six where they'd play the Lakers potentially, I assume the Lakers.


They play home Houston and at Portland. I don't know, this is so convi. I, I feel stupid even bringing up all the matchups. My point is, if it's two seven and it's Houston, Minnesota, first of all, that's an awesome series. That's An awesome series. Second of all, there's definitely gonna be some sort of altercation in that series. Altercations. There'll be, I dunno what it'll be, but there will be an altercation. There'll be a Fraus, A Fraus and Fraus. So there'll be a Donnie Brook. There gonna be, there's gonna be an Lio. An Brillo. Yes. They, all of them we're gonna, they're all, they'll all be lined up. You and I have had this, we've known each other since 1988. We never like to bet a playoff series where we don't have the best player in the series.


Houston, Minnesota, two, seven, the 17 would've the best player in the series. It is undeniable. Now, Houston has a bunch of awesome defensive players and athletes. They Do To throw at that best player. They could. Not only do they have Ahmed Thompson who's been coming on like a freight train. Tremendous. I think it has to be heard from in all defense, tremendous. Not only have Dylan Brooks, who will try to start 19 fights with an, and I don't know if you remember that game they had earlier in the season, which was one of the most fun games of the season. That's Easton. Yes. So this is like on paper, the perfect team to just throw dudes over and over again at, at Ant. So my guess is because of what I just said about, oh, you never wanna not have the best player in a series.


There's gonna be Minnesota stuff, but I kind of like Houston. If that's the matchup. That's Interesting. I do have immense respect for Eime. I do think they'll game plan to try and do their best to, to limit an, I do think they'll game plan to make sure that Julius Randall has the ball as much as, as you know, possible. Yeah. But he was good tonight. He's, he's, he's figured out where he fits in on this Minnesota team from a bully ball standpoint. Like Memphis went a little slow small in that game tonight and he was like, cool, I'm gonna, absolutely. He does that thing. He keeps banging into you. Banging into you does a little fade away or he goes to the basket.


I don't know. I like going the basket. He's found his identity a little bit on this team. My Issue, and I've said it a couple times, I think I said it earlier this week with Houston, is I don't trust them scoring, getting the tough buckets that you need in a playoff Series. You can credit for the wins. Lately though, they've had some nice wins. They need the tough buckets in a playoff series where the team has engineered a game plan to take away what you do, what you wanna do on offense in the last six or seven minutes. There's bad advanced metrics for them in the half court. Yep. There's half court stats that are bad. There's crunch time stuff. That's terrible. Yes. And that would be the hope if you're Minnesota is you have a guy who could score in Houston, potentially doesn't.


And it's the Fred Van Wheat Stepback. But I don't know man, Houston feels like the perfect team to just frustrate ant throw all kinds of shit at him. Could throw little staggered, little double teams at him, just get him so that he wants to go in a hero ball mode against really good defenders. And it's a really interesting series. So as ex unexcited as that would be about Memphis, OKC or Sacramento OKC or the corpse of Dallas. Dallas against okc. Dallas. Dallas O okc. Yeah. Nico. Yeah. So then here's the other thing. So it looks like the Lakers gonna be the three seat now they could blow the Houston game on. They have a home game against Houston.


Who they, I, I don't know. It just feels like the Lakers really like where they are right now against most teams. But let's say three six is Lakers, golden State. All timer, All timer, all time. All time, all time fun First round. Yeah, just a history series, the leagues. But we watched this happen two weeks ago and the Lakers are a really good matchup for Golden State because they can go small. Any team where they can play Draymond at the five is a win for Golden State. The league doesn't want that. The league does not want the Lakers in Golden State in the first Round.


Oh, I like where you're going with this. You wanna r rig it a little bit? Well, I, let's, let's, let's just pay attention to the referee assignments. That'll be one way You go referee assignments. Let's just make sure we're monitoring all the data points that are out there that might, you know, impact how you want to handicap these last couple games of the season. Just be mindful, that's all I'm saying. Well, so we could get that And then Denver Clippers, but you know, That's not what the league wants. The league does not want Denver Clippers and, and using up all of the juice of this, you know, moment in LeBron's career and this moment in Steph Curry's career. I don't want it, I don't want to see this in the first round.


I don't wanna see Golden State in the Lakers in the first round Counter that like, we're gonna have some sort of matchup where you're like, shit, I wish these teams were playing in round one. It's gonna be somebody if Kawhi is healthy with the Clippers. Yes. That's a fun matchup. Just period against anybody. And then it Denver team, we watched, we were studying the internet video of, of Denver beats the Kinks Mann's first game as the interim coach gives a little speech locker room seemed kind of raucous for him after. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And it really made me think like, it might even been worse than they were letting on just the vibe.


I'm dying for Lakers Clippers in the first round Lakers. It's, you know, it's never, it's never happened. Dying for it. Has it ever happened? I can't think of it. I don't think it's ever happened. You would know you're, you're the one that writes books. I can't, I I can't think of a, I feel like They've had moments. I remember in oh six when, when the Lakers were up three one against the Suns and then they fell apart and then Kobe didn't shoot in the second half 'cause he was so mad at everybody. That was the year it was supposed to be Lakers Clippers. I don't, other than that I don't, I don't think it's ever happened. I just Love that. Did it Happened in the bubble, the La conch a aspect Of it. La Conch Because Balmer with his brand new stadium.


Yeah. Right. And and we have finally have Healthy Kauai, the Clippers absolutely positively will not, you know, go down. They, they are not gonna let the, the Lakers bully him. Yeah. And then I'm, I'm I I quite like the idea of Denver and Golden State as, as a series in the first round. That's another one. Golden State. I don't, that's super fun. I think Golden State probably feels like they have a more complete team, better bench. They'll just let Yoic have us 35, 15 and 12 and take out everybody. Denver, the one thing they did, they, they, they started picket and played him big minutes and seems like they try to confine Westbrook to like, and he was two for 11 and 17 minutes.


Seems like A good idea. But some of the stuff that came out, the Athletic had a piece about how Westbrook was a big lightning rod with Booth. And it sounds like everything was a lightning rod with those guys. But Malone was playing Westbrook too much. The front office was really upset about that. I mean, he did, he's a nightmare in these crunch times. They, they were resting guys like, what do you want him to do? I don't know. They keep choosing. This is the game where Porter Jr. Will, will sit out. This is the game that Jamal's gonna sit up. Jamal's got an injury that needs some nursing. Where do you stand on just firing a coach in the last month or the last week of a season? I, I'm, because we did not grow up with shit. I'm flatted by it. I don't understand it.


And it doesn't look like, I mean, why Didn't they just fire the gm? That would've been fine. Like, If it was all about this was such a poisonous thing, why not fire the GM and then figure out they, they must have also felt like the coach had just completely lost the team. It's only, the only explanation. I Told you, I think that Josh Kronke should have stood up and said, this is on me. Hmm. There was a moment a long time ago when somebody in that management structure should have intervened and said, we're not gonna go let this happen. We're not gonna have a poisonous relationship and have tension inside this Building. Yeah, but they're, they're patient with all their coaches though in, in all the sports That This is how they do it.


This Is, they were not, they weren't patient. They Just, this time they weren't, It doesn't make any sense. I think they felt like, you know, we've one of the great offensive players of all time, we're going the wrong way. Can we still salvage this, these West matchups are fucking crazy to figure out why not. How, How are they gonna salvage it? They, well they're, they're announcing this was done the way it was. So at least if we do this, maybe it's not done, but this version is done. What's This, What this do this, this Inspire the coach. Try to change the energy around the team. The Energy. Put somebody in there who's actually gonna play, you know, the, the younger guys and not Russell Westback. I don't know.


It's, it's the end of the season. What are we doing? Can we talk about what we saw in that? In now granted Chang was making dinner for 20 people. So we had the Laker game on and we're trying to watch. Then we caught up on all the highlights. But I happened to be watching live when Luca just started breaking down during that hole. You called us all Over. Yeah. I couldn't believe it. I, because I was like, is he getting choked up? It's because we no sound on it's, it's Not believable. I can't ever remember in the history of sports a situation like this with a team. I'm talking about Dallas, not the Lakers. No, It it re it reminds us it is, once again, it's just another chapter in this book that's called, this is the dumbest fucking thing in, in the history of sports.


So Chapter 23. Yeah. The first time that the player that we traded and then immediately started dragging down Yeah. In every public forum we could. And then we made Sven t-shirts for him and did a video and Then to Like, to thank him A five minute celebration video. It is the dumbest fucking team. All incredible things that he did for that franchise to make them relevant that, that they were on an ascending trajectory. I was excited to see them in these playoffs this year with Luca. I bet them to exceed their win total. I was bullish on this Dallas team.


It's fine for him to have the injury that he had. Well he wanted to work out on it, work out his injury on his own. So We trained him. I mean, you know, it's, it's, it's, they're the fuck off Mavericks and that's the way they're gonna be for the next five years. That would be a good t-shirt the fuck off. Mavericks. Two things. One I've never seen. It's almost like when they have those probability things of like a coin toss. And it's like this guy rolled a flipped a quarter and 23 straight times it came up. Heads the Mavericks 23 straight times have made the wrong decision. Where I've completely disagreed with whatever they decided to do. Starting with shopping the not shopping the trade, not shopping.


Did the, like you go on through every single piece. Then the trade happens the way they handled it, the way Mark Cuban didn't do anything and then all of a sudden went on his little tour pretending he didn't have anything to do with it. Did you? Even though he didn't I heard a wrinkle here. Yeah. In the last 10 days or so that I hadn't heard before. What was it? Which was the idea the, The Mavericks had a concussion. The concussion barely covers it. It was it's brain damage That Poka was less than forthcoming, less than truthful, less than a hundred percent upfront about the nature of Anthony Davis's injury. Have you heard anything about this? I have not. That Poka took advantage of his relationship with his protege.


The sneaker boy. Well, he definitely did. And an element of that was an injury that he characterized in their conversations was something that Anthony Davis could overcome was not going to be, you know, as impactful. Doesn't Matter. Like to me that's irrelevant. It was still the stupidest trade of our lifetime. Well, I don't disagree. Get Austin Reeves in the trade fuck faces. I have no argument with anything that you say. It remains again, the dumbest effing trade. Also, like if they had called us in, I've said this before, but did anyone bring up, yo, you might be lightening a fire under him. This is already a stupid trade.


But the person you're trading, you're basically killing off that person and he's gonna be a much more motivated version of the same person. Which is gonna be bad for like, just don't do this. I, I wonder what off to your Davis point, I wonder what happens if they bring him in for a physical. They already have the outcry and then they fail him. The physical, the way the Lakers failed Mark Williams and they just, they and they void the trade I wrote to you. That would be an Amma that would've an amazing outcome in the text. Let fire under Luca anyway, In the first 12 hours after the trade. Yeah. I wrote in our text thread when all of us were trying to make some sense out of it. What if this was the most Machiavellian, big ball, big Baller move by by Nico.


Which is, you know, to to to create a market that he couldn't otherwise create by failing Anthony Davis on the physical and having every team in the league now see Right. That, that he's available. 'cause it just takes too much time and energy to, to shop Luca and see what might come out of the woodwork to each of the remaining 32 teams. I mean we were here in Augusta, Georgia. Yeah. In the company of a really, God I love that conversation so much. And NBA upper, upper highest echelon person who shared with us that, that, well I don't think we can share twice available.


All I'm gonna say they would've paid any price. There was no price that was not on the table. And that, I Think that's all saying, well I think a lot of teams felt that way. I, you know, who didn't get a chance to, to, to participate All the other teams. 31 teams in the league or 30 teams in the league And the two expansion teams. They also would've traded everything. That's Right. Well, so that, the one thing is just, I can't believe how many decisions in a row the Maverick screwed up even to this week with the way they handled everything was amazing. Bananas. The second thing, you know, and we've been moving this way now for 20 years and maybe Jordan even started it in the nineties, were player where fans like they player more than a team. We've never seen a trade where the fans went with the player.


Right. So true. We've we saw LeBron fans. Yeah. Follow him to Cleveland, Miami. Back to Cleveland LA Just 'cause they were LeBron fans. We've seen the phenomenon in the 21st century of, I just like this player. I'm following him wherever. Maybe it's Kevin Durant, whoever. It's, we've never seen a fan base kind of switch sides against the team, but yet it kind of makes sense. 'cause you think like people get divorced all the time. Sure. Right. Yeah. What is it like 50% of marriages end in divorce? That, That's the stat. Is that the it Why did you say it so nervously? I, you Never know. You get something, tell me or now know.


But, but this, this could be the first ever. I've divorced my team and now I am following Luca on the Lakers and that's my new team. I felt like there was real seeds in the stands last night. I don't know if it was just Laker fans. Those might, some of those fans might have just been Mavs fans who are now like, fuck it, I'm a Laker fan. I Don't think that's up for debate. I think that there is a, a large body of evidence, but this could be, This could be the next 10 years. I think they'll all, like, every time he comes back, he's treat the Lakers are treated like it's a, it's a home game for the Lakers in Dallas. That is gonna happen. I expect that. Well, that there's only one outcome now.


And this has been the conspiracy the whole time. But that, that the, the family gets the Vegas team and they make the Dallas team, the expansion team, the league. That's actually like a realistic outcome. Now the, the league Can't count against that. Can the league really live with that outcome? That would be a bad outcome for the league. What if Cuban bought the team back? I mean Mark Cuban conquering hero Coming up. I shouldn't have sold the team. Let me, I'll take them back now. My bad. Maybe, maybe it's worth less because they've destroyed a billion dollars of value. I think at least a billion dollars. I think it's easy. You could easily run a match. How about this exercise and get to 2 billion. I think We didn't plan on this. Let's do it right now.


Teams you would rather own than the Mavericks. I'll just list every team. OKC, Cleveland, Boston, Houston, the Knicks. You'd wanna own all of those teams over the Mavericks. True story. Lakers, Indiana. Yes. Yes. Yes. Denver. Sure. Clippers new arena. Amazing. Golden State Shore. Memphis. I would rather own Memphis. Yes. Really? Well they have some things that they have to figure out, but they have assets, they have moves.


I'd rather own gas happen. Minnesota. Oh, Minnesota's awesome. Milwaukee. They're, that's they're in, in a, in a crossroads spot. I'd rather Milwaukee, Detroit, Detroit's incredible. Rather have Detroit. How about that? Detroit's, I told you if two years ago you'd rather own the Detroit Pistons than Dallas Mavericks. Well, Two years ago. No. You Say no way Orlando. Yeah, I'd rather have Palo than Florida. No state tax. I guess That's right. Sacramento. Now we're getting close. Now it's getting a little bit more of a Yeah. Yeah, that all right.


That's the first one. Atlanta, I'd rather have Atlanta. Me too. Chicago. I'd rather have Chicago and be in a major city. Yeah. Miami Heat culture. Come on Phoenix. So, Tough one. Yeah, because you inherit the crazy luxury tax and all the terrible front office stuff. I think I'd rather have Dallas. I'd rather have Dallas too. They're in a very similar, I feel like I can get outta my Dallas Situation. They're in a very similar situation. Portland, Portland's great. I'd Rather have Portland, San Antonio, obviously Toronto. Think I'd rather be Toronto. Yeah, yeah. Toronto, Brooklyn, black sheep, New York scene. But I might get Cooper flag in two months.


That Was close. And I have a bunch of picks. I'd rather be Brooklyn. Philly. Depends on where that pick pick Is. Five years from now. Yeah. New Orleans. No, I would much rather have be Dallas than New Orleans. Okay. There's, there's another one Not even close. Would you rather be Charlotte or Dallas? Dallas. Hard. Dallas. Hard Dallas. What if you got the flag pick? So Dallas, unless Charlotte gets the flag pick and I'd rather be Utah. Would you rather be the Wizards or Dallas? Would you rather own Washington or Dallas? So me, if it was Me, anyone. Normal person. Well, I I mean that, that's, that makes it different.


The, the problem with, with Washington is there has been no validation of the proof of concept. It's been more abundant for two decades now. I Think I'd rather have Dallas. I understand. That's it. So we, we, the point is we, it was less than six teams. Yes. And a year ago you would've put Dallas in the top eight would've. They were in the finals with Luca on. They were in the finals. Come on, they awesome team. It's like a, you know, So maybe Mark Cuban buys them them back for like $2.5 million. He makes 2.5 billion. Gets back for a billion. Yeah, it gets it back for a billion cheaper. I I it's just the, I I'm in a really conflicted spot by the way.


Because why? Because I kind of enjoy Luca and like I, I do want 'em to stick it to them. But he is on the Lakers, the team that, other than the Yankees I hate the most. That is true. And this is like really agonizing for me. They have Austin Reeves who I really enjoy watching. They have Luca who I enjoy the comeback thing, the LeBron thing's. Fascinating. The most incredible thing. And this is why we should never put ourselves in the position of underestimating that what, what The NBA a is capable of. Is that the first, what was it, quarter of the season, the narratives were stop putting the effing Lakers and the effing golden state warriors on television.


Sick of watching them. Right. They stink there. There's nothing those teams can do to improve themselves. Yeah. We're we're basically ESPN classing the league with these two teams. Exactly. Can you please promote some of these younger players? Yeah. Okc, Cleveland, Detroit Show. Show us some new people. We want to see that. And you know, ratings down and they, it's gonna, they're gonna stay down. Like where, what can flip this? And here we are now. Right. With both of those two franchises. We can't wait to see these western playoffs. How The irony of that Lakers Warriors Round one the biggest ratings in round one history and Adam Silver like ah, That's exactly right. Yeah. And every one of their TV partners like, yeah, Two things happened.


We did it football ended and the league figured out how to get Luka Douch to the Lakers for, for 80% off. Unbelievable. Who are you picking? Who are you picking for the West right now? Still okc. Yeah. It's gotta be okc. Yeah, Me too. Yeah. Alright, we're gonna take a break. Come back with House of Nathan talk masters.


The Bill Simmons Podcast brought to you by FanDuel. It's final stretch of the NBA season. The playoff picture changing literally by the minute from three pointers to steals to assist. FanDuel has so many ways to bet your favorite player props. Plus, after the game tips off, you can combine live prop bets into a same game. Parlay for a chance to win big, join FanDuel today. You'll get started with two $50 in bonus bets. If your first $5 bet wins. How about that? Join FanDuel and visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to get in on all The NBA a playing tournament action FanDuel dot com slash bs for your shot at two $50 of bonus bets. Make every moment more with FanDuel official sports betting partner of The NBA A You Must be 21 plus in President. Select states are 18 plus in President DC. First online Real Money Wager only $5 First deposit required bonus issued as non drawable bonus bets. Switch expires seven days after restrictions at Sportsbook. Problem call visit rg help.com.


All right, taping this seven o'clock Eastern time. This part of the podcast. Joe House is here. Nathan Hubbard is here from our Fairway Rolling Podcast. We've been at the Masters all week. We went to round one today. Trying to keep it a little big picture just because by the time some people hear this, the Masters round two will be going things change. I'm pretty sure Justin Rose is gonna be at minus 14 in two days. He's at minus seven now. Scott is at minus four. Why are you making a A Never say never. Why are you, why are you taking something away from Justin Rose? He could be minus 14. I'll give you a hundred dollars. A hundred. You can afford more than that buddy. Well, whatever. I'm not taking that. He's not gonna be minus 14 after two days.


Stop it. It's Not likely. Big picture stuff. First thing, the gallery excitement thing, because we did not have Tiger Woods this time around. And I was trying to think who, and we were able to watch practice rounds on Tuesday. The part three was yesterday. These guys were messing around. Nathan and I had a great moment. Well tell the, tell the moment when we stumbled into those guys on, on the fifth hole yesterday. On the fifth hole. Yeah. When it was Rory and Right. We, we had Rory playing with Fleetwood and Rom and who was the fourth guy? They Were betting. It was Shane Lowry Lowry. And they had split into teams and it was, it was clearly Tommy and Rom were playing or Shane and Rom were playing Tommy and Rory.


And they were definitely betting and Having a great old time. We were like, these guys are nice and loose. Yeah. But the big thing is Rory, the gallery moves a little differently. And it made me wonder if he now has the conch, as they said in Lord the flies it, the conch. Is that what it's called? Yeah. I mean and the, that's the irony and the sadness of what we just watched happen down the stretch today. 'cause you're exactly right that he has the energy, he has the crowd and he kind of was the main character coming in to this masters playing the best of anyone. Two wins on American soil for the first time coming into a masters. And what did we talk about on Tuesday? His problem has been his Thursday score.


Yeah. Anytime he plays well on Thursday, he's performed well in these majors. So you think two straight bogies, Two straight, two double bogies, Two straight double bogies down the stretch, stretch Suboptimal House. How did we get here where he's the number one gallery guy? Because it was Tiger forever. And if Tiger was here, it would still be Tiger and Rory, when you see him in person, he's jacked, he's not gigantic. Nice little nice little Irish guy. But the, the fans fucking love him. I think two things in the first place. He became the defacto voice of the PGA tour for all of the processing in professional golf of the rift between the players that left for Liv and the PGA tour.


And he really was the voice of the tour making arguments on behalf of the tour. He was the front man, not the commissioner of the tour, Rory effing McElroy. So that is sort of one element of it. He was a prominent face and prominent voice. And he's articulate, he's always give, he, he always gives a sincere interview. So there's a likability factor there. So in authenticity, which is a big term boom in the mid 2000 twenties, they, they Say that people Think Rory's authentic. They, they say say that. Turns out authentic wins. Yeah. And the other element is this sort of, it's, I don't wanna overstate it. It's not tragedy that he can't win another major Slightly star crossed Yes. Slightly yes. Just enough.


Because he's Been super competitive and a handful of majors. There's been this question since the last major he won in 2014, when will he win his next? And he has been super close a handful of times and not able to get across the goal line. So there is that element as well. Anything to add on that one Nate? I think that the last time that we really saw him in a competitive major was at that US Open. And he missed two short puts. And he has been doing all this work over these last however many months to get himself mentally to a place where he could overcome that 14 today he had a short put, it was a birdie put, but he pushed it ever so slightly. Right. Rolled over the cup, next hole, he doubles two holes later he doubles and he finds himself seven behind.


There's no energy that the crowd could give him. He just sap the energy out of the place. More, more terrible. Rory puts and shots today or more meals for you today? What was the bigger number? Meals for sure. Way More. Have you, it's such a pleasure to see you not eating for a half hour. No, I, Rory put Rory put like whatever Sal dropped in the upstairs bathroom This morning. Oh my God. We can't talk about that. Love that. So Rory's improbably a clear number one. I feel like Tiger had that spot forever. Mickelson was in there for a little bit. For a little bit. Yeah. Well, I mean he's he's more of a kind of villain.


He's also 54 years old. Well, I'm saying way back. Oh yeah, sure, sure, sure. Phil. Yeah, He, he he had it a little bit. Yeah, it's, it has, it's a pretty small group of people in general. But we, I asked you who you think the top four is right now for gallery. Just watching the way the gallery moves and when, when you're at the masters, especially when the tournament starts, people, they'll go two holes ahead anticipating when the, when the person's coming, they wanna get like a good spot so they can get as close as possible. Or you'll have the gallery just following, which is like you said today when Tiger's in the masters, when when he was playing it was like two separate tournaments happening. It was like the gallery following Tiger 25 deep.


Yes. And then everybody else who's also in the tournament. Right. So it's interesting to watch. And the number two guy on my list is pretty surprised by it's Bryson. Yes. Like clearly, unquestionably. And I gotta say it's, he's edging closer to the Rory spot than I, than I thought. And people. So what is it that, that like, let's go through all the reasons here. It, it's a massive turnaround from a guy who the last years ago he came into the masters had eaten so poorly speaking of eating badly that his body was shutting down and he was getting dizzy and falling over here at Augusta. So you Said, is that you or Bryson? Both. Okay. I I, the Difference is Nathan today.


Yeah, Bryson, four years Ago Bryson learned his lesson and has this interesting narrative arc where he's bounced back and starting really, I mean house you mentioned it, it started with his YouTube series where he really, all of the guys who went to live talked about growing the game. Only one guy has actually worked at it and done something different. Has it? Yeah. And, and it's a combination of him having whatever the instinct was to sort of create a personality on YouTube. Like he's a real, he's a creator and it's interesting content. And he does this, the series is breaking 50, he started it in the fall of 23.


And it was a weird kind of, of moment for him because he had gone over to live people were, you know, in, in two camps still in that 20, 22, 20, 23 timeframe. But he is like, you know what, I have this thing I'm gonna do. It was, it was the breaking 50 thing and it became very popular. Now it has 1.8 million subscribers. But then he went and played excellent golf on the heels of this YouTube thing. He played great at the PGA championship last year at Val Valhalla. And Nathan was there on the grounds experiencing the pop the crowd pop, right? Yeah. He chipped in to end his third round on Saturday and the place went ape shit.


He looked into the camera and did the, let's go like yeah. Like he was a YouTube creator. And so all of the energy on Sunday was around Bryson. He didn't quite catch Xander, but three weeks later he walked into the US Open. I'm telling you he was the main character there. Both for the fans but also the players were watching him because they felt the energy change in Valhalla. It carried over to pins number two. And it's out there on the course right now. But He's not crushing the ball like he did four years ago. Like as far Right. It's Different. Different kind of game. Different. He's a little bit different game. He's matured. Yeah. He's still hitting the piss out of it, right? Yeah, for sure. But not like, we'll never see it again like it was a few years ago. I mean, it's interesting the way you lay it out.


It's like, it's basically the, the arc backlash re that most influencers and people, you know, on TikTok or YouTube stars or like the people my daughter likes, where it's like, I love this person. Oh, they got in a fight. Oh they got canceled. No, they're back. And he kind of jammed all that into four years. 'cause there was like, it really felt like the backlash had arrived for him in a major way. And now it's gone. Right before he and and Brooks went to live the, the biggest storyline in golf was the rift between Bryson and Brooks. And Brooks was bullying Bryson. Yeah. And there was, you know, a a bunch of really negative stuff.


Negative energy was happening. It was clearly affecting Bryson. And then, you know, fast forward to this moment, he is like, he is all the way up here. My hand is very high up. Yeah. And, and Brooks is a curious place. Yeah. Brooks, this is like curious Place. So we have Rory one, Bryson two. Well let's, I'll do three and four quick and then we'll talk about the guys who fell off, which includes Brooks. So what's interesting is speed is third and I it's Masters specific. Yeah. I'm not sure if it's any every tournament, but one of the great things about the masters when we were walking the course with a couple people today who had, were coming to the masters for the first time, didn't really know all the history and we were explaining SPE and how there are these certain tragic figures of Augusta and they just carry the skeletons around with them as you see them and you're just like, oh man, just hope, I hope they could break out of this that one time.


And you know, it was Greg Norman forever, 30 years, 25, 30 years ago and speaks now that guy, we'd like, oh man, it'd be so nice if he won one more time. And the gallery does follow him and and swell up for him. It's interesting. Yeah, I, I looked at the picture from the Champion's dinner where he's there with a green jacket, but he's sort of in the back row and he feels like removed from the rest of the guys. Like he, he just so badly wants one and he had one in his hands. I mean, the other guy in that picture is Danny Willett who has a green jacket because Jordan spe coughed up a five shot lead on the 12th hole in just an absolute meltdown of, of putting ball after ball after ball into the water. And so that ghost hangs over him. It's not unlike the Rory Ark, it's just that in that moment in time in 2015, he wins two majors.


He is being called the Golden Child by everybody. Yeah. He's a handsome kid. He's 21 years. Right. And so to, to see him continue to struggle this place wants him of all people I think to win another green jacket. Yeah. And how old is he now? He's like early thirties. Very twenties. Yeah. Yes. And he's he's got kids. Yeah. He's coming off of injury, but still compelling still, you know, people recall because he is been in our lives for 10 years now. Yeah. And when you have that, you know, that meteoric appearance into the scene and he's, he's charismatic And that's one of the things with, with golf, that's why Bryson, you know, resonates.


Bryson's charismatic. He understands the sort of entertainment proposition. Well He is also big in person, which I think Yeah. Yeah. Is one of the things that works in the gallery. And that's like the Rory thing is where it goes the other way. We're like, wow, he's not a giant guy anyway. Speed three and then Scotty's four more. 'cause he is just been dominating the decade. But I, I still don't feel like there's, there's something that he hasn't achieved yet from a Scotty's on 15. We gotta go over there. There's something missing. And I don't know what it's That, that's it. Last year when his statistics were analogous to some of the best tiger years, people just don't get as enthused about Scotty.


And I think that's part of his superpower. Like he is very even keeled. He's a man of deep faith. He's a family guy now he talks about that and he doesn't talk about much else that's particularly interesting out on the golf course. Right. So you can go watch him. His swing is interesting. He plays interesting, but he's not really a character and that's part of why he's been so successful and able to win all these tournaments. I think because he's dispassionate in those moments. Yeah. Yeah. Rom's almost more interesting in person just 'cause he is, you know, who he is right Away with the volatility of, of, you know, his his game and his temper. That that's an attractive kind of entertainment. What does Scotty have to do? Like facial hair? What would you add? Well, I, I will say this, I do think like Crazy hair bleach, blonde hair.


He got arrested. It didn't help tattoos On. I I I I've never been to a master's on a Saturday. I wonder if people, 'cause like he's in, When he gets closer to The hunt, he's the odds on favorite right now he's plus one 90 to win this golf tournament. He opened at plus four 60 or four 50 to win this golf tournament. Just being Three back from the leader. Man, come On. His odds already went down. Yeah. A and the data, I mean today, th this is the thing about Scotty, he's got this floor that he's always going to play. Well he, his third tee to green this year, which is to say his game off the tee and approach has been awesome. Today it was mediocre but he was fifth and putting overall he just look out, finds ways to go get it done and, and that look out, I watched that look.


He played with my brother both Saturday and Sunday at the PGA the days after he got arrested. Yeah. And on Saturday there was definitely a lull in the energy. He didn't play great. He'd come off that day where he'd walked in on Friday and and gotten arrested and then he actually put up a good round that day. Saturday he was just okay Sunday heading into the back nine. It's, it's clear he is not gonna win. But the, he and my brother are tied through 10 holes. They're both 300 at that point. Scotty puts the pedal down, shoots five under on the back and finishes top 10. We get in the clubhouse, my brother turns to me and goes, that's why he's the number one player in the world. He just has a floor that is so high and a button. Yeah. But he's just got a go button and when he hits it, he's the best in the world.


What about Berg? Well he's the new kid. How You feeling about him? He's the new kid. Second last year. Yeah. Minus four today. He passes the in-person test. He he is a striking Badass. Yeah. I do think he was helped also by the TGL. The TGL helped us learn a bit more about some of these guys and he was dominant in some of his appearances on that. Like if you tuned in on a February Tuesday night, you're like, let me just see what the thing is about and you happen to catch his team, whichever, it's like one of the California teams Was it base? I don't remember. But he was like, he was noticeable, distinct, separated himself from other people from how well he played.


Yeah. We've we've been told this guy's a golf, Swedish golf robot since he came outta college just a couple years ago. Right. And now he's out there playing the part and we would have said coming into this tournament after a second place finish last year, this is the guy, it's just that he got sick after winning at Torry Pines and he has not looked the same so Well No, he got sick at the farmers. The farmers, yes. And then won at Torry Pines after, right? Yeah. But he's been up and down. He missed two, two cuts. It it just coming into this masters. He Just has, he just, we we just didn't know how it was gonna play out. Right. Today he's first tee to green. He was mid in putting only 40th, mid, mid. So that should scare the crap out of everybody as we head into the weekend. 'cause if he starts putting better on these greens after having been in the pressure situation last year, maybe he is that golf robot and can go get it done.


So He's honorable mention and then Rob's honorable mention the falling off list. It's been interesting. We've been coming since 2018, I think this is our fourth time in the last seven years. And the Brooks thing has definitely shifted and it's just not, not an event anymore. When he is like, oh, here comes Brooks. Like whatever. I feel Like it's because he's always mailed it in. That's been his reputation is that he just kind of mails it in until the majors. And so we built up this lore around him that yeah he's gonna show up and win. But when that stops after that 23 PGA championship and it goes away, then he's just a guy Might be just a guy. He has one top 20 Yes. Since winning that PGA championship in, in, in a major in 2023.


And nobody's watching him on Liv and he is not out there kicking ass on Liv. So who is he? Like what, what's the compelling reason to go like, oh I want to go watch Brooks. What? So he, you can see him shoot two over, what did he end up today? Yes, There. Okay. Yeah. Right. So great. And DJ was the other one who had that going for a few years. Oh dj that makes me sad. He's so much talent and he was one, one of the most consistent guys on tour. He won a PGA tour event every year for like 15 years. He got over the hump with his US open win in terms of majors at Oakmont. Incredible. Validated that with a masters's, a dominant masters win in the fall, in the covid year, fall November of 2020.


Super weird. But he went out and kicked everybody's ass and then, you know, they waved a check out and homie is like, ah, I'm gonna go fishing. Alright. I'm go fishing. Yeah, I'm go fishing. There's a little Fred Couples enjoyment that you could feel. And he played ball today too, but he's he's become the new old guy. Yes. It was Watson for a while. It was Nicholas before him. And it helps, it feels like now it's Fred Couples, It helps that he's got dance's. Blessing. Yeah. So Nancy every single round announces how Freddy did and today he hold out on 14 with a, with a hybrid. He, he chipped in on the front. So like that he was bringing energy to the crowd. We, we could hear it out there. One thing I wanna do quick was the golfer of the decade because we're halfway through.


So Scotty has the most PGA tour wins 13, Rory's got 11, Rom's got eight. Scotty, Bryce and Zander and Rom both have two majors each. So it's, it's in progress. But Scotty has a chance over these next couple majors to basically take the lead. So I went back and I was trying to figure out could you figure this out for each decade? And it's hard. Yeah. Some 2010 to 2020 especially is hard. Yeah. Ro because Rory had, Rory had 18 PGA tour wins at four majors. Brooks had four majors. So Rory technically from the stats Spieth was 11 and three. It's Rory, but I don't think anybody's like 2000 tens.


I think of Rory first. Well it's a split decade. Rory owned 10 to 14 and Brooks owned 15 to to 20 I would say. Which Is a little at the nineties were like two the two thousands. Tiger, come on. Tiger won 59 times and he won 12 majors. So he dominated that. The nineties are a mess. They're a little like the 2000 tens. Nick Price had the most wins. 16, he had three majors. It was all kind of clumped together, same way. And then Tiger kind of dominated the last couple years there. He yeah. Ended up with 15 wins in two majors in like three years. 97 Augusta was, yeah, when it started. So it's, that one was a little split. The eighties is Watson. He was 19 and five pretty clear.


And then seventies was Jack, 38 and eight. And then the sixties was the nice little Palmer Nicholas Battle. Wonderful. 43 for Palmer, 30 for Nicholas. PGA tour wins, seven majors for Nicholas, six for Palmer. So it wasn't, I I thought it would be easier to go through the decades like, oh that was that guy's decade and it's kind of not, I think with this decade though, Scotty could take it. 'cause when he, when he started Coming up, it was the beginning. Sometimes you need luck with this stuff and now it feels like he's positioned the best. The Thing I think we need to see from Scotty, he needs to win a major that's not the masters. Yeah. That's what will really, I think advance his his cause I mean the year that he had last year in 2024 was so Tigers, we fought each other, you know, all season long.


Do we dare say Tiger's name in the context of what I mean the man won the gold medal, which is effing awesome. Yeah. And it really meant a lot to him. He had the wins on tour, he won the tour championship, he had the masters. He came, I, he he, he had a moment where there was like the, the, the single most prominent thing that occurred for the PGA for all professional golf last year was him getting arrested at the gate Right. Of a major championship as the number one ranked player in the world because the cock didn't know who the hell he was. So there is like, it's a very interesting arc where we, we we're ready to anoint him. I would like that to happen.


Tiny bit more charisma. I mean the, the, that he served for the champion's dinner this week. Chang talked about it, it was the least expensive menu of any menu that any champion coming in had offered up over the last decade. Because it was like sliders red Fish and chili, Right? Yeah. Right down the middle study Fuzzy Z was excited about it. But, But we, we have been looking to anoint somebody since Tiger. And in a lot of ways that's been the problem with golf. Yeah. We got also used to having a guy, a Jordan, a LeBron in the sport and in the absence of it, you just pointed it out, it was hard to actually find the guy now for the last 10 plus years as Tiger's been hurt and out.


So we keep trying to see if that's gonna happen. It's not. And I think that's probably part of the reason why there's been a struggle to get more attention, more eyeballs on golf. I I, I think Bryson winning the masters could actually catapult him into that position ahead of Rory even in this moment. I agree. I agree with this because Bryson now like 2 million subscribers to his YouTube thing and he gets a plus list people to come do breaking 50 with him. Who could have guessed Beefy Bryson? Unbelievable stuff. Everybody Loves to comeback Beefy Bryson and beefy Nathan. When, when do we, when do we eat again?


Do we eat for the next podcast segment? I'm, I'm gonna need that. Nathan and I are both going on a diet after this Week. Ozempic Nathan's gonna show up for the PGA Bojangles last night. Dipping in a ranch, eating the rice thing late at one 30 in the morning. I'm feeling great. 30 in the morning. An amazing beef short rib and kimchi fried rice by Chef Chang at one 30 in the morning. Unbelievable. Come back from a, from party and we're kind of hungry. And Chang's just there. Chef Chang making stuff. He's like, Chang's the true hero. He's he's a bigger hero than Scotty Sheffer. Oh, The number one he owns Augusta. Yeah. So this our fourth masters together At least. Yes.


Anything different? Anything better, worse, because I think the thing that always strikes me is that I get the exact same feelings vibes every time. Well, Here's the thing, it's the first without tiger, which is why we began this whole segment. I mean, the thing that, that is a galvanizing, where is he on the golf course when the tournament starts? And let's go see how many what we can catch. I mean, yeah. The most noteworthy thing from two years ago was the birdie that we saw with our own two eyes on Thursday on the 16th hole. Yeah. And that beautiful amphitheater that surrounds 16. Yeah. And the, the roar, he finished the, the first round at one under, you know, top 10 on the leaderboard, was able to continue his, make the cut streak, made cut streak.


And we were there to witness, like that's, that was in my memory, banks, my sporting experiences. I have a lot of great ones. It'll always be there. Tiger on 16, you know, at the sort of end of his career, still rocking there at the Masters. What about the par three people picking up their kids? That's you, you'll forever hold that against, How do you feel about the par three Russell Kids Henley? He'll forever hold that against Russell Henley. This is, this is an old guy thing for me. I just, I don't know where, how we started involving young kids into, into professional sports. Everyone has kids. Congratulations. You had a kid. Here's Your poppy, poppy McElroy made a punt. That was really like, inconceivable.


We have kids now taking shots in the par three of these people that are waiting. Everybody's like, here are my kids. Whiffing it into the water. They're not even good. Oh, Here are my four kids that are gonna, it's like, I, I actually wonder, did like, did anybody who had their kids in the par three yesterday play well today? No. That's, I bet Justin Rose didn't have his kids out there. Baby did. Yeah. Bryson Bryson doesn't have kids. That's right. Right. It seems like I, when you have little kids like that and we've all had little kids, you're just constantly worried. They're gonna just do something stupid. Then, like when they're 6, 5, 7 and you have them out in a group of public people, like I would've been terrified of Ben. Ben would've like run into the freaking water and jumped in.


The, the only good moment for kids on that par three contest ever, I think is when Jack Nicholas had his grandson take a tee shot and he made a hole in one. Okay. But that, at that point, he was a grown man. So That's the thing. If it's Jack Nicholas, you can do whatever you want with your kids. This is your thing. I don't care. Doesn't matter. Part three is a fun thing. One, I just wanted something to be grumpy about. I love the masters. Yeah. Less kids. And if I didn't fly here to see other people's kids. Yeah. How about this? Don't go, you don't have to go to part three. Yeah. Well, we did it. We only went, we only saw like one hole, To be fair. We didn't. Yeah, there We go. But we did see Butler Cabin. We did see Butler. Butler Cabin Scott Van Pelt. Give that man a kiss on the top of his head, except he's too Tall.


All right. So you guys, when are you doing the next Fairway Rolling. Sunday night recap. We will be, you know, plausibly live for a reaction. You should bring your both, bring your kids in to chip into the podcast. It'll be like the par three. Definitely not doing that. Yeah. You can lift your kids up during the pod. Yeah. We'll have our last meal. And then I'm gonna, I'm gonna retire. I gotta hang up the food sheets. You know what's funny though? You're gonna be doing that at the same time. Your son is watching Clippers warriors for playoff position, and his head might explode. You might be cleaning up shrapnel of his head. Well, that'll be an interesting way to bring him into the pod then. Is It? And you, are you gonna be able to get corporate tickets? 'cause you cowered it out and didn't get the Thank you for holding this over my head. The only person who complains more about that than my son is you.


That's good. I'm gonna egg him on. That's part of my job. I'm JI convinced Chang's wife to have another kid. I've j I'm just, Lord have mercy. Yeah. It's all about the kids. All right, thanks guys. Thanks. Alright.


This episode is brought to by Intuit TurboTax. Taxes was waiting and wondering, worrying. It's almost like how in the old days of fantasy football, we used to have to tally the scores on a Monday and then the commissioner would just mail them out to everybody and you'd wait three days to see if you, you won. Those were the old ways of doing it. Now taxes is matching with a TurboTax Live full service expert who gives your taxes their undivided attention. They can file your taxes as soon as today. And while they do, you get real time updates on their progress. Meaning you can get back to what's important. The game. Now this is taxes. Intuit TurboTax. Get an expert now on turbotax.com.


This episode is brought to by LinkedIn. During the season, every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a hot month or two. You need sustained dominance throughout. Well, the same is true for your small business. It's not enough to have a great Q2 or even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires. That'll be there for the long haul to find those hires. Use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Simmons to post your job For free terms and conditions. Apply.


Taping this part of the podcast with David Chang. Cousin Sal. James Baby Doll Dixon, one of the biggest celebrities here at the Masters this week. Sal, what were the highlights other than we, so I, let me set, let me set the scene. You don't have your phone at the Masters. And if you're with a group of people, the goal is don't get separated from the people. It's the worst thing you can do because you have no way of contacting them. So you take it from here. So, Yeah. And it was looking like back in 1992, me, all my buddies, we went to Vegas and none of us had a phone. And we were on top of the world and then we all lost each other and we were like a pissed off mood and didn't talk to each other on the way back.


And that's kind of how it was. You don't have a phone, You don't have anything. And you have Baby Doll who is about 65 minutes late in estimating where he is gonna be at all times. So We, we picked a spot and we're like, we're gonna be there three o'clock and then we're gonna move. And you come back, you meet us with House and it's me and Chang and Nathan. You don't have Baby Doll? No. And I immediately panicked. 'cause I'm like, this is it. This is now a kidnapping movie. We might never see him again. We've turned in our phone. So we have no way. He doesn't have a phone. His phone's with my phone. And it's just a complete mess.


And how late were you baby? And when did you actually show up? Let's see. And why did you feel like you had to buy more stuff? He was shopping. Yeah. I I You spent almost $5,000 on stuff this trip, right? I think a little more now, but after the last, After the last one. After the pro shop at the Masters, which was Thank you Chang for Yeah. Yeah. We're not talking about that. So, no. But Yeah, I would say I was an hour late. I actually went before you guys were supposed to leave. It might, you Were an hour late after we begged you not to be one minute late. Fair enough. I was stopped by many people I knew and I just got distracted.


And it was a confluence of errors, including the women who administer the phones. Yeah. First telling me that Mr. Simmons took, 'cause we checked our phones together. Yeah. Took all the phones. Right. So I I I had to, I walked to the parking lot and guys were gone. And I borrowed one of the parking attendants Left him. Should we just, Yeah. And I think it was like you had no problem leaving him and house. And I felt a little bad. Like, oh, this is our child acting up. Why is he kicking everyone in the shins? We should stay back and have a talk with him. Or at least make sure that he has a ride back because he doesn't have a phone and everything like that.


But you have to understand, like with, with him, I'm gonna date myself here. This is like the toy when he's there, he is just shopping and nonstop shopping. He could shop like, like for hours and hours and like, it's such a a so conflicting because you wanna walk and you wanna go. Right. You're breaking Roger Banister's four minute mile. I'm Just saying, like, to get my steps in and see the course You wanna go. You're not even really looking at the course. You're, you're, you're checking out your sketches and all the way up and baby's stopping every 25 feet. Like Yeah. This is where se Ballesteros bail themselves out on 14. And you know, I think it's important, we gotta back this up. For those that haven't been to the masters, what kind of rules are, we're talking about protocol.


It's not just his cell phone. There's no running, there's no talking loudly. These are all things that Yeah, he's broken. There's no smoking in undesignated areas broke that rule. There's no acts of, I won't say physical violence, but you can't like, like, do things that You have to be on your best behavior basically. Yeah. You gotta be like, that's Grandpa's house also a problem for Sal. One Step up from church. Yeah. So Like every rule that the masters has, Baby Doll. Right. Well then the other thing that happened today was more your fault. 'cause Yes. How? Well, how is this My fault? I mean, I almost got tasered. Well, Let's see if we're Talking about the right.


We, we were able to get, well we, we were able to get access to this special pro shop that's like, for members only because somebody slipped us a badge. So a couple of us went in Thursday. We weren't, we earned. Yeah, we the back. Yes. Yeah. You did TV today. I wasn't invited. But baby comes out with another bag of stuff. And what happens next? Chang, We're trying to be on our best behavior, but clearly Cousin cells incapable of that. Yeah. And I don't know if people understand the long history you have of playing practical jokes and Hi drinks on Baby Doll.


Yeah. Like I've heard stories of you throwing a suitcase out the window. Luggage out of buildings. Yeah. I wanna get into that. But in this case, it was a pretty mild mannered one. You just took the bag and you whipped it into a, a rope off Area. I was shopping bag of all the, the new purchases the Baby Doll just bought. And you just threw it Like, Oh, let me see that. And I Toss it over, what would it be like two or Three rows of ropes To a place where there was a suddenly pissed off security guard wondering why that happened. Fully Restricted Area. And then multiple people came over. No, no, no. She Threw it over the head of the security guard. Yeah. Right. Yeah. That's what Happened. So then baby's trying to get the bag back. They're deciding whether they wanna kick us out or not. And Sal thinks this is all hilarious.


A as I said, when we were there, it was a close second to Cousin Sal shoving me very, very violently into the Rose Garden at the White House. Right. Right. That Time. And I said, I may be the only guy in the history of the White House who's been shoved into the bodily, thrown into the, yeah. The, the Rose garden that probably, So this was like a two outta 10 for things together. Baby. This is nothing. I mean, secret Service pulled out their weapons. I was picking thorns outta my ass. Crazy. Did they Really pull out their weapons? They literally drew weapons. They converged. Yeah, they converged.


It was insane. Hands on. Yeah. It was good times, Elizabeth. But you know, you know Obama though, you could have said like Barack Yeah. Could said Baby Doll baby, you know me Mr. President, come on Bears Club. Don't throw me out. Vineyard golf. Come on baby. Well, the number one thing I ever saw you do to Baby Doll was Jimmy's wedding. Oh. When? Which was a great weekend. And, and just a really lovely night. And everybody had a great time. And near the end we're all talking, we're in the corner of wherever the giant reception is. And we're talking, I think you're smoking of course. And they're bringing the cake out. And it's the three of us and Louis and I think Jimmy.


And they're bringing this giant cake out and they're walking by us and we see the cake. And you just know from knowing the cause for 15 years More more than that at that time. You Put it together, you put it together. Cake sal. Yes. And Sal's watching the cake and Tongue. Tongue in cheek. Oh, Sal Strong went to the side of his Mouth. Yes. And you put it together and you just jumped sideways. Right. As Al was about, it was one of the greatest athletic moves I've ever Seen. It was like those drills that in at the NFL, you know, draft camps like the cones, there's cones. Side to side should be a Combine event Sideways. It was incredibly Athletic. I was about to try to push you.


And then Jimmy admitted after it would've been worth it. Yeah. Right. Even if you ruined the cake, the story would've been Better. Wish I had known before. It's one of the great what ifs and wedding history. I did a Jedi mind trick. I didn't even touch you that Time. No. It was actually, I was very proud of myself. Yeah. And You almost fell over. You jumped so violently and left. It was so like for me at this stage of my life at that stage, athletic, I've never seen Louis k laugh harder in the 25 years I've known him. Right. He loved it. If baby Had blown out his Achilles jumping sideways, would that have made it funnier or less fun? No. Much funnier. He would Been over way funnier for Sal. One more, lemme just throw one more. We're in Atlanta. Once we're in a car, we get picked up by these executives.


Jimmy's going there to get a Coca-Cola commercial, we hope. And we're gonna tour the factory and everything else. And we get picked up by these guys. And I'm in the back seat with baby who's bragging about his sunglasses. Yeah. These are my $300 sunglasses. I I couldn't bring my $500 sunglasses. 'cause you couldn't, you know, I want to put that through the machine, but these are 300 I've had, I have like four or five of these, Blah, Blah, blah, blah. And then I'd had Nerf, but the sunglasses, I'm like, oh, let me see. Like, what the hell am I gonna do when I see I take a look. And it had a sunroof, which was open. And I like Michael Jordan just perfect. Like right through the Sunroof, Outside into traffic. He said, you what the fuck though? You did that. He didn't get the commercial. I'll say He didn't get it. Well, that same day was Coca-Cola, which is also pretty good story.


Right, right, right. He's in the boardroom. These guys big PowerPoint presentation, try to woo Jimmy. They're in suits and everything. And baby is always on the messed up time. Although Atlanta should be on the same coast time As New York. But I think I flew from LA with you guys. But anyway, fell Asleep during the movie and during the meeting and I take a bottle cap and I said, baby, and I toss that. He hit you and you're like, sp and fast. I'm like, you did. And nobody knew how to react. I I have to set that up slightly a little bit. Go ahead. Getting into the Coca-Cola headquarters in, in Atlanta, it's, it's a big deal. It's Fort Knox. There's three layers of security. Yeah. It's like a big deal to be there.


And I will give you an incredible amount of credit. We were sitting on opposite ends of a giant conference table. And you know, only his superpower Thank you. Can kick in in those moments. Yeah. And he, it was a, it was a 25, 30 foot winging of a bottle cap. And it hit me square between the eyes, I mean literally right between the eyes. And we stopped the meeting. We literally start arguing in the meeting. These Coca-Cola people were like, these people are insane. What is this? It was really insane. It was really crazy. But anyway, When do you think the cousin's peak of fucking with you?


What was the peak year? If he was an athlete, what would you say? Oh gosh. Early two thousands. Yeah. I'd say the early aughts as they say. Yeah. Early Two Thousands. So like first year Jimmy show. Yeah. Yeah. Somewhere in there. Yeah. Somewhere in the, the 2002 to 2008 range, I would guess. But I Remember when I started working for Jimmy's show and you were so legendary for fucking with everybody. And then we went to San Diego for that Super Bowl thing. Oh. And I stayed in a room with you and people were like, you're staying in a room with Sal. Right? Yeah. And I was like, yeah, what's the problem? They're like, oh, good luck. Don't fall asleep. And yeah. And then by the time we went to bed that night, I was sufficiently nervous. It was like I was in like, Shawshank waiting for fucking bogs to come get me.


I know what was gonna happen, but you left me alone because was the new guy. Yeah. Had my sights on baby. You probably didn't think about it. Right. Right, right. I don't know if people realize, like they, they're longtime listeners, but this relationship is real. Like your impersonation. Like, I haven't spent this much time with baby all in my life, but everything you've done over the years, I've heard thousands of impersonations. They're very accurate number. It really is. It's your, it's your, and You guys guys have this weird, odd couple of Relationships. It's amazing. Amazing to say. I, I honestly, I love Sal. I love him. Like, it's like funeral. What is going on? No, but it's, I love it. That's Why it's so sad, sad. He's, He's just like, it's so hard for me to get mad at him because I genuinely love him. Yeah. And everybody does, obviously.


And that's his, that's why he has the ability to terrorize people and get away with it. That plus he's, he's got like super human strength. No, no, no. Come on. That kicks in when he needs it to. Don't be afraid. No. Fight back. No, I'm not afraid. Fight. I just know you could like, bend me into a pretzel. But other than that, you know, we've had, I mean, the stories are, I mean, he, I was leaving to catch a red eye. I was, I had my bags packed and I'm, we taped Jimmy Kim alive. I had my luggage there and somehow somebody catered in Bay City.


It was a nine year anniversary of the show, nine year anniversary. So that's when it was, he, for whatever insane reason, he decides to take the tray of meatballs and red sauce and just dump it over my head violently. I was covered. We have pictures of that. Yeah. Yeah. It was, it was on the ceiling. I'm not kidding. The, the sauce was on the ceiling. And I'm like, leaving in 20 minutes to go to mean if I didn't kill you, then when would I have done it? I knew it was a bad idea, but it would be good For this. I just Was Instinctively I knew. But this is the side. Like, people know al my podcast from guest alliance and we've been together forever, but they don't know this other side of Sal as much.


Right. I see. I think the best s story is the security camera on JK Kale in the, in the outside Jimmy's office when our friend Brad started choking on a sandwich. Right. Which he would choke from time to time because he didn't, doesn't have all his teeth. Yeah. But he started choking and he waved over what was like my friend Scott. Scott comes over and starts performing the high book on Brad, who's choking to death. And instead of being concerned, you could see Sal in the back of the footage running over, grabbing his phone and videotaping Brad joking instead of helping Brad. Two things. I don't know.


It's, it was the, it's the most perfect security camera quip I've ever seen. I Didn't know the hind look, and I didn't know if these Security guards were catching it, so I had to document it for myself. But Brad, if you knew had the camera, maybe you still would've filmed it. Well, Brad lived. He lived, right? Yeah, he did. He lived okay. Yeah. We think you are the most twisted bastard. Really. You are. Have You tortured Chang or are you still filling it out? I'm Afraid. I, I'm afraid. I, I give him as much respect as I can because I live in a constant state of fear that I'm gonna get fucked with to some degree because I've seen it. I don't wanna be on the receiving end. I teach you with You're nicer now. You're older, you're a nicer guy now. But In Chang's case, he's already tortured. I mean, can you find a more tortured man?


Right. It's, he's not like bragging About shit. Like maybe I's true. Chang's just a mess. This is true. He could also poison any meal he wants. This Is also true. Oh, good Point. Well, I didn't even think of that. I know I told him I was gonna do that if he fucked with me yesterday. Well, ch cooked dinner last night. We had a, we had some fando people over some other people. It was very fun. And for some reason baby decided to give a toast. I don't know why. Beginning simultaneously. I thought that was a nice talk show. It Was a nice toast. Yeah. Baby was very social for about an hour and a half. Yeah. And then disappeared to make a one and a half hour business call at nine o'clock and was just gone the rest of the night. And then claimed I was very social.


I was, I talked to everybody. He Literally missed ask any of here, Did the second half of the dinner. You were on a Call. Did, did Baby Doll talk to, I think I literally spoke to every person at that. You who has a nine o'clock et business call Baby Doll. I got business to do. I got deals to close. You had a dinner. It's like we, we Flew you to, and it was Out here to like schmooze people and Right. Were gone. It Was your cousin. You know me. I think you read John Stewart a bedtime story every day. Dare I think that's what Goes on. How dare you. No, But you know, as you said it, it's kind of genius. He gives the toast to give the impression that he's there For most of the night. Right. Knowing That he's gonna bounce 20, 30 minutes later. Fair enough. That was not why I did it, but it worked out that way.


You said nice things about Shane. Of Course He's The man. And then he put me in a weird, awkward position when he complimented a, a colleague of ours for a friend of ours that works at a, a, a network and we love him very much. And you didn't know who he was. And then I, I've never felt this way before. He is like, what, what? You don't know this, but David was singing your praises. Oh yeah. And it was going on and on and on about all the compliments. I was talking about this guy and I, I I so would've felt weird. Yeah. I didn't know what to do. That's your own psychosis Baby Doll. That's not my problem. That's yours. That was a Baby Doll move. I was, I, by the way, not only did I do you a solid 'cause he said, wow.


He said that. I said, yes, of course he did. I said, you're like, he never says anything nice about anybody. Right. He was like, really? Wow, that's really nice to hear. It was very sweet. So yeah. You shouldn't be, and I'm, you know Yeah. Part of the secret. We've known baby for a while. You've known him longer than me, but part of his secret is compliments or currency. Right. That's what he does. You know, he, you're right. He always figures out a nice way to be like, just hanging out with Chang one day, be like, you know, it's just amazing everything you've accomplished. That's, I was talking to somebody, he probably didn't talk to anybody. Right. I was talking to somebody the other day about just how incredible your journey's been. And it's just, just awesome to see baby, great job, baby.


Thank you baby. And then you feel great and you're like, you know what? I love Baby Doll. Yeah. I'm a businessman. Yeah. Where did you learn this? Like, honestly, I don't like violence. Blood is a big expense. You know what I mean? So I go the opposite way. It's soso godfather. Well, we, anyway, so, so, but no, seriously, I I, I meant what I said. And, And by the way, you were right. Josh was a hell of a nice guy. Whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa, whoa. No names. Come On. Come on. Sorry. Sorry. Yeah. It's just the first. It's not in the right pseudonym that Don't make your call.


Josh Was the help guy Though. Wrong Josh. Sorry. That's hilarious. Love. One of the other things I love with Baby, that's why I call people Baby Doll. There you go. Well, at the masters, when you run into competitors, I liked a lot of those guys that I met today. Right. I don't, I mean, they leave and then you, you one person and then they leave. And I don't know. So Yeah, we had, last night we had an incident where we ran into an agent that we both know. And he was, I don't wanna say, but he is a little sloppy. And it was like, all right, this is gonna be a two minute conversation. We know how we, let's just be done in two minutes. And he's like, and then he's introducing baby to someone else. And he is like, this is James Baby Doll Dixon. He manages John Stewart and John Oliver.


He doesn't manage John Oliver, but baby wants this con conversation over so fast. Doesn't even correct him. Right. But he Locks eyes with me like, all right, I'll let him go. 30 seconds later he is telling this guy, you know, Oh, not only that, but Baby Doll is a member of four clubs, four golf clubs, pretty prestigious. He like, excuse me, 4 9 9. He's all right that it gets out that he manages John Al or something. But heaven forbid You can't get country clubs of cars. Absolutely not. I have my priorities. So we're up to nine. That's the number You got rid of A couple. I think so. I got, I'd have to do the math. It's Ridiculous.


Do you belong to more or less than former President Barack Obama? I'm gonna go with more. Right. How many could he, do you think He, is he paying for these country cubs, you think? I think It, I I don't think so. I don't think it's, I don't know that, do you Think Country Cubs charge Obama? They shouldn't. I mean, he served our country, so, so they should be honored to have him as a member. Right. They should waive the initiation and have him just pay dues. I'm Sure they're delighted to have them. Absolutely. So As opposed to having you, I'm a all over the course. I'm a dues paying member. That's A lot of dues. What is, how much is that? Is that like, Million is a lot is a baby. He claims it's you write it off. Like what do you do? No, I don't write it off.


No. Will you Teach him Chang about like charity and stuff like that, that he could put his money to other places? Like, Oh, what, what is, what's the point of having nine country club memberships? I just love it. I love being able to go to different, different clubs in different states. You Just wanna be able to snap your fingers If I'm in Florida. Correct. I know. I could just go, I don't have to make a call. I don't. Correct. I'm a country club hoarder. Can you sell the memberships? No. No. But you get money back when they, what happens Then? And some of them and, and some not. It. So you just depends on their arrangement with the members. But I don't plan on ever doing that unless Something good for you.


Because he, today, we watched him have a long emotional reunion with somebody from an old country club that he no longer belongs to. Yeah. That one. I, I left. That was one on Long Island. I, I, I upgraded. So I I didn't need that one. One of your country clubs has Obama in the club? Yes. Have you played with Obama? I did not play with him. No. I asked him when we were gonna play, but I have not golfed with Him. It feels like he played with him. 'cause he followed him on every hole and yelled Board Of No, Mr. President. You call Mr. President. Absolutely. I don't, I wouldn't call him. You Don't have first name Because you first, unless he said to me, call me Barack.


I would never call him Barack. Who do you know better? Rory McElroy or Barack Obama? Yeah. Do you call Barack Berry? That's how well you know him. Of course Not. Nobody calls it. Of course not.


This episode is brought to you by Visit Myrtle Beach. If you're dreaming of a beachy summer escape, then head to the beach in Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. You'll find 60 miles of stunning coastline, hundreds of attractions to explore in the South's newest foodie hotspot. This is where you play hard and beach easy. You belong at the beach, Myrtle Beach, South Carolina. Start planning your summer adventure@visitmyrtlebeach.com.


This episode is brought to you by Loom, by Atlassian. Feeling stuck is the worst. We were all feeling it during Covid, right? Just staring at the same walls every day and the same people unable to really go anywhere, just being in a funk. Well, if you're feeling stuck at work right now with too many meetings and hunting down teammates to get approvals, there's an easy fix. Get unstuck with video messaging from Loom by Atlassian. With Loom, you can record your screen, your camera, and your voice to share video messages easily. Using video helps you and your team save time and stay connected even when you're working across time zones. So Now you can delete that novel link email you were writing. Instead, record your screen. Share your message faster with Loom. It also has editing and AI features to help you record once and get back to the work that counts unstuck your process, projects, and teams with video communication from Loom. Try Loom today@loom.com. That is LOO m.com.


This episode is brought to you by vrbo. Private Vacation Rentals with vrbo. You always get the whole house so you and your fellow fans can cheer on your team in peace. What's worse than watching a game with somebody who's not rooting for the same team? You're rooting for nothing. But that's why if you book a vacation house with vrbo, you know all the people in your house, they'll be friends, they'll be family. Ideally, they'll be the ones who also root for my teams. Plan a winning vacation. Make it a vrbo.


This is another segment I wanted to do. This reminds me, we, last time we talked about greatest celebrity smokers. Yeah. That you've had cigarettes with. We wanted to do blank canvas. If you could have a cigarette, top three people you would wanna have a cigarette with that you haven't had a cigarette with. Is Obama the top three? Like you're at the Vineyard Country Club. That's, you see him out there. Or maybe he sees you out there and I'm gonna say yes. So he'd be in the top three. Why not? I mean, yes. Who else? Alright. Who else? Anybody. Do you Mean smokers or non-smokers? It doesn't matter because I mean, it has to be a realistic smoking.


He was at one time anyway, a a a a light closet smoker as I understand it. Oh, I don't even think it was really a closet smoker. He was small. I think he was in the rose garden pinching butts. Got it. Got it. Hey, I would be too if I was Who else though? Anybody? Is there anybody? You really, I mean, Sinatra would've been amazing. Oh my God, that would've been Amazing. Johnny Carson. Oh, Exactly. By the way, Johnny Carson. Why you letting to make your list One of, one of maybe the top person in show business? You know how I would say I've met everybody? Yeah. That I never met. Really. And based on my, where my career went, he would've been number one on the list to, in the late night world of icons.


Johnny, you remember me, Johnny? Yeah. Carson would be good. That would've been good old seventies. She's smoking on the show. Oh, Sebastian. I'm trying, would would've crossed You had Ray Romano when he was on, right? I, you know what? I don't know. Oh, all right. I feel like, yeah, probably. When did Carson retire? 95. 92. No, 90. 92. 92. Yeah. Everybody loves Raymond. Probably had not premiered yet. Oh. So, I don't know. I feel like babies had cigarettes probably with all the best possible people to have a cigarette with. Right? Well, I Had, so There's not a lot of smokers left. I'll Tell you who I smoked. I mean, you had three with Chang last night.


It's a violent coughing this morning. You're off. I was violently coughing this morning. But it, it was more for you. Like, I mean, this, it's Mount Rushmore cigarette for you. It it, It's very true. I was just emulating my hero right here. And I think it's a good story today. I I didn't realize I was talking to a, a almost a rival agent of yours. And he confided to me. 'cause I didn't know who he was. I, I'd love, I'd love to get smoke a dart with Baby Doll one Day. Yeah. This literally happened. That's So wild to me. Well, you know what? He's right over there in that rocking chair. Why don't you knock yourself out? And Yeah, he went over See, Pulled out a parliament immediately got heckled by babies. Yes. Oh yeah. No, it was it, yeah. It was a parliament.


You're right. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. He didn't, baby didn't like that. Come On, now you're gonna smoke. I mean, yeah, those filters alone, Right. Are Not, it's like double a baseball for cigarettes. Come on now. Doing parliaments. But you reminded me of something now. I can't think of it about the smoking. Wait, what were we just talking about? Anyway, This agent that was really an honor. Yeah. No, before that. Before that. But anyway, We were smoking a lot of butts with a lot of people the past week. Yes. So it's been an honor. So The honor was mine. So what's, what's the greatest single out of nowhere cigarette you've had with somebody? Oh, that's what I was gonna say. Thank you. I assume we're all huge Game of Thrones fans.


Oh, this is good. Which One? Which one do you think it is, Guys? Oh, can we guess? Yeah. Hold On. Yeah, let's guess. Peter Dwi. Wait, let's see. Peter Dink Witch would've been a good one. That's still late. I Queen Searcy. Nope. John Snow. Boom. Wow, You had a cigarette. John Cigarette. I like exchanged numbers with him because I smoked like two Emmys in a row with him. He was one of the, one of the greatest guys I've ever hung out with. And that was like, I couldn't believe I was smoking with John Snow. I can't believe The way you defended the north. That was fucking Awesome.


Let's have a smoke. Let's celebrate. I remember at Jimmy's wedding, we were out where the food trucks were and the valets, the three of us. Yes. For like an hour and a half, just smoking, watching the people come by. And then, and then Sal just started trouble, which I won't talk about, but we had, we had, it was a lot of, it was like an hour. Then my wife, both of our wives were like, where The hell are we? Where our guys, we were just, we, we were out with baby. But, but Kid Harrington was, was, was definitely up there. That In fact, that's what I mean. Honestly, this is, That's why I hung out with him. If I was a non-smoker, I never would've got to hang out with him.


Yeah. He got lucky. He's such a, such a great guy. Really? It was so fun. This Could lead to a kid Harrington resurgence. You never know. This is it. I mean, he's, but he's not, he's short, right? Yeah. He's like my height. It's good. It's a good matchup. That's Why you liked him So much. Tell the tape. 1700 cigarettes day. What was the, what was the, I can't even remember. What was the little, like the, the, the city that guarded the, the wall. I don't, Sounds like you need to watch Game of Thrones again. I do. I Mean, need to bone up To the back of my hand. Anyway, the night watch, that's what it was. There Was a time, speaking of smokers, I don't care if you wanna cut this, that's fine. But baby, you know how he brags about knowing people.


We saw it with Rory McElroy. Rory didn't pay attention. Didn't at all. They, him the time of day, this'll happen. Oh, baby. Claims to know people. He doesn't know people. Oh, John, Sean Penn is on the show. Jimmy, I have to meet him. I'm gonna go see him. Oh yeah. During your monologue. And you know, and then he goes on to tell stories about his relationship with Sean. Maybe they did nefarious things. Maybe he was smoking more than cigarettes back in the day. He tells me the story or whatever. So baby's like, all right, I'm gonna go see Sean. And I'm like, I'm fucking going with you. No doubt about It. I need to see this. So I go in there and he is like, eh, Baby, remember me? From Where would you have known him? Even what, what? Midnight In the early nineties.


In The early nineties. Baby dog. We did this, we drove here, we went This Yes. On this Gig. Okay. Yeah. Okay. No, come on baby. And then he is like, you're, you know, you're, you're biting your time here because he is not being forthcoming. Whatever. I'm like, I'm like, come on, you Smoked whatever with baby back in 1990. You don't remember. And then Publicist like, shoots up. Like, get outta here. You two, get outta here Now. Went nuts. And He like, You know me baby. You know Me. His Last words were, you know me baby. But I think the line of the week, which I'm, I've enjoyed so much, is no matter what's gone on. So I was like, listen, we're not looking for any trouble.


Right. Right. To, It's really great. Anyone would ask. It works every time. I mean, love it. About what, about 800 important people guarding whatever, or leading you through to somewhere ever. And like, so Yeah. That's a nice way to f with people. That's, Well, we had, after the Tuesday pod, we had some people say, baby should host a smoking podcast for The Ringer. Yeah. How would That go? What would that look like? I don't know. I mean, you're, you're the artist. Maybe you were so recognized. Maybe, maybe you have like video podcasts are becoming more and more popular. Maybe it's one smoke With baby. Well, one thing for sure what would have to happen is it's, It's like the, Well, it's like hot wings, hot wings. Whoever comes in, hot one must smoke Hot ones. Yeah. If you're, if you're of course in the room, you're smoking of course, The Entire time.


Multiple cigarettes. Yes. The entire time. First guest Chappelle. Oh, that would be, I love this. Be idea For show. This is genius what you do. This is baby becomes talent outta nowhere. All from my crazy habit. Well, It's my terrible addiction. You're gonna need some source of income once, once you guys start retiring from tv. Whatcha are gonna do? I was gonna say, I gotta afford cigarettes. They're Expensive. Yeah, this sounds great. Except baby has to negotiate his own deal with you. It'll be a nightmare for you. Listen, I'll, I'm so insulted In, in this case, I'll only take 20% for myself. Do we insult do the insulted thing? That's A good question. That's, yeah. We, because we, you know, you've been in our lives for a while.


We, we kind of know all your moves. Yes. From a negotiating standpoint. Yes. What I do now. No, just these are your tricks. Yes. Number one, completely insulted by the offer. I'm always insulted. Yeah. By the first offer. First offer. Can't oma. I don't know if I can take it back to so and so. Yeah. Like that. I just can't believe, By the way, no. My rule is no matter what the offer is, no matter if it's triple what I was hoping it was, it's the first offer and there's more money there. Okay. So that's, so It's like Johnny Sack, when they all told that Jenny Sack joke about the water as oh's, like, I'm insulted. He's like, I'm, we're gonna deal with this.


Deal with the insult. Second move is sad and disappointed. Oh Yes. When you get Yes. You're not just disappointed, you're actually like bummed out. Yes. You can't believe that it's gotten this Part of the deal. And I often, genuinely am I The deal has gotten to this point and you just can't fathom how we got here. And, and then third is angry. Yeah. That's the best. Yes. The anger switch will go on too. Those are the three moves. And you just kind of decide which car to Play. But my other thing is I'm also very kind and I'm very complimentary to people. I'm Oh, yeah. And listen, I always like to leave a little bit on the table.


Do you feel that it's a challenge to get through those stages? Like, oh, I, I really, I reeled them in. It's Like the five phases of grief. Yeah. I told I was insulted, I was sad, I was angry. And look at that. Bumped up 25%. Does that, does that make it free? Did you ever get a first offer and, and you were like, I'm actually not insulted. That's a great offer. No. Okay. What was the most insulted you ever wore? Oh God. I've, that would be a tough one to answer because I've been highly insulted. Okay. Many more times than I could ever count. I'm doing this a long time. Is there anybody who's not in the executive business anymore that you can discuss? Could say who was the most insulting offer person?


No. Anybody. Back in the day I had some joust with Comedy Central. Yeah. And I was, I stuck it to Them, baby. I I was pretty insulted on several occasions there. Oh, I'm sorry. Right. So, But it ultimately works out. Do you ever talk to a therapist about these people that insult you? No, I don't go to a therapist. Right. I try, I come from a long line of non not believing in therapy. Right. Hard nose. Yeah. Yeah. Keep it inside a Old school baby. Exhale. No, figure it out. Chang does this make you more or less likely to hire a baby for representation? I feel like we almost had a moment last night smoking cigarettes.


Of course We did. I was like, Remember? I was like, is is, is he representing me now? I don't know what was going on. Yeah. What was that thing? Someone approached you? Yeah. Oh, you said how you can't get out deals like people. Well, you can't get specific, but people automatically sign you up to And baby just took over, gave me a lecture on what I needed to do. I'll never let you do that. That's right. Listen, we'll talk after this podcast, baby. How many Asian clients on your roster? Baby? You'd be number one with a bullet. I'd Be one. Yes. A branch it out baby. You'd be one of one baby. Thank God, Baby. Oh, go ahead Jane. Can I, going back, because I had to ask when you guy you threw, people need to know, there were like, the bag was in the air.


Security guards are angry and they're yelling at him like, please do not cross the line. Because there's like different sections Yeah. That you're not like buffered from Yeah. The secret area. That's an extra wrinkle that I'd love when it's a hundred percent my fault. But then he goes and retrieved. Yeah. And the guy, and now he's the back guy went over like, you know, 20 feet over. Thank you. The security area. Entire time. I don't know if you were listening, I wanted to ask, did you hear the security guard saying, do not cross the line, and you just kept on going? Yeah, he Well, pissed me off because that camera man was sitting. He wasn't filming anything. He was just sitting there. The bag was basically at his feet with all my shit screwed on the ground.


He just looked at it and I'm like, sir, excuse me, can I get that bag? And he just kind of like ignored me. And I was like, you know what f this guy, I'm gonna go get it myself. Is that part of the, the Dixon negotiating tactic? I tried. It didn't work. He was insulted. Yeah. And he got profoundly disappointed. It's a great situation because That is your ideal because you are off the hook. That's what I'm saying. You're getting in Trouble. You banged me. I did exactly what you wanted me to do and I got in trouble. Yeah. And we guys are being dicks And we all got in trouble because of, you gotta Move on. I scattered. Yeah. Yeah. Simmons, I didn't wanna get kicked out. There Wasn't a golfer within four football fields of us. Yeah. It's so ridiculous though. And that was like a weird, like double barrier that had no reason to be right.


It was just like, why are there all these gates there just So they could yell at you? They getting you In trouble. I was so mad at you. So baby, baby. What's left career wise? What's left for you? Oh God. You have, you have grandkids now. Listen, here's what it's you. I'm never gonna Retire. Ever. Never gonna retire. You stuck with me until they throw the dirt on me. I love what I do so much. I love everybody that I work with. All right. This isn't info And No, I know, but that's the Truth. I dunno what's happening right now. Here's my retirement plan. Hopefully we all slow down a little bit one day and we're still working, but it's not as robust. And you know, He's, he just wants to go to his five bedroom house and go back there every night. Yeah. Yeah. And then sleep on the couch.


I'm a simple Four bedroom Page, just empty. I'm a Simple man. All I want is 10%. Come on. How many hours a day do you sleep? I'd say between four and five a day. I, I'm on a normal day. Is it A straight four to five a Day? Yes. But then as Jimmy told me in 1998, you are waking up because you're having nicotine fits. Oh. And that had, I swear that had never occurred to me. Like, I don't know why. It's like stupid. I should have figured that out on my own after all these years. And I went, holy shit. He's right. I'm waking up because I'm having a nicotine fit and good for you. Now I take a, a sleeping pill every night and it still doesn't work.


So anyway, what can I say? Nicotine fit means your body needs to have Yes. Conditioned it. I'm waking up to have a cigarette, but I don't realize why Don't just have the cigarette and then go back to bed. It's impossible for me to go back. Yeah. I mean you'll see on, I'm often texting you guys at four o'clock in the morning my time. I've seen those texts. I wondered why you're up at Right. 1 38. She's why Pacific Time? I'm out on my porch smoking cigarettes and doing emails and texts and Why can't sleep with your wife in the same bed talking about in insult? Well, that's the coughing. Oh, okay. Yeah. That was a crazy barrage of coughing. Rehearsing. Yeah.


No, it's not The coughing. She I cannot sleep. Yeah. Without watching tv. Right. And she doesn't like TV on once she's ready to go to bed. So that, see that's how he lets his clients know that he saw their shows. He's not technically lying. No, I'm not. Because You have the shows on I do. As you're asleep. Yes. I'm Oh, well, or I'm dozing often, but I I'm, I'm making an attempt to watch it. You have been caught lying before. Remember we used to tape two Kimmel's on a Thursday. Yeah. And he had would've claimed to have seen a show. You did get sloppy a couple times. I absolutely gotten there. We definitely, There were some TV watchers for Ba Baby's Life.


Great monologue last night, baby. And then we find out he had like no electricity. No. And so we go, what did he talk about baby? Tell one joke. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. What did Perry Perry Farrell say to Jimmy? What did one, one thing like Yeah. Yeah. But then you commissioned, you had your assistance watch and Correct. Report back to you on stuff. Correct. Yeah. Why Not? They send you like bullet points emails, right? Yeah. Or, or, and now they say, But you can do that with Chang when you're representing Chang. Yes. I, I think this is gonna be a fruitful relationship. I love it. Listen, I'm so upfront and transparent. That's what's gonna happen. Listen, I'm gonna lie to you sometimes about watching your shit. You're never gonna watch anything. I do. That's okay. I'll try. How's that? I'll try The Netflix.


They're, they're telling Bella like, we don't know what's happening at dinnertime. It might might not come back. His agent's driving a hard bargain. James Dixon saying, the guy who gave the toast, He's insulted for An hour and a half. I dunno what to do. I, one of the, one of the famous people here started to tear up. It was like the, the Indian that was littering a little tear. Who came down this face? Oh, the Old commercial from 50 years Ago. Yeah. Yeah. She started to tear up. How would You, how do you pitch a new client? Let the, let the audience out. I don't Give that out. Come on. Come on. No way. No, no way. Absolutely. No, I don't give out my insult. Secret Insult. Insult. A little. How Dare little, Little Bit.


Do, Do people ask you, Hey, how do you prepare that dish? You wouldn't give that. He Must Be. Nah, he would sometimes I would, sometimes I Would not. I mean, he has a show. He gives away the dishes every episode. But what's important to lay the groundwork? Yeah. You don't have to get into specifics. It's the baby's a relationship guy. That's Right. And what are you looking, Would he click with somebody, somebody a friendship level? That's right. And, and well say that again. What Are you looking for? Like, what's sparking your eye when you are like, I gotta represent this person. Right, because you you have such a crazy roster of talent over the years. Well, now it's just Mark. All right. One. You, you gotta make a bottom a month north of $3 million. Wait, say that again? That's what attracts you at this point in your life.


Do you make at least 3 million a year? Baby Doll? I need to know because if I can't, if I can't money grab 300 grand. We need to talk much later. How's that? I'm just Kidding. He's already insulted of yourself. Listen, I've Learned one thing is that you are fearless and relentless and you have no shame or embarrassment whatsoever. That's that's fair enough. Right. Reps amazing client at all. Fair enough. That's right. You know. Alright. Baby. Liking someone and wanting to work with them, especially at this point in my life, matters greatly. Yeah. And that's, that is a criteria for sure. Baby. Could you do a, a Baby Doll hall of fame that you could open in Long Island with like your best clients ever?


Little plaques. Oh, that's good. Maybe put that in the basement. Y Yes, I could. I'll put it in the golf sim Sahu would be the first client inducted. JJ stu with a bullet. Gotta be one. Well, that, that's your longest relationship basically, right? It is. Yes, it is. Since what year? Well, I wasn't even an agent. Right. I I would say we're going on 38 years and John 38 years. Yes. John wasn't qualified to be a client and I wasn't qualified to represent him, but I said to him, listen, if we, if I get promoted, you're gonna be my first client and So is he first ballot. And then we'll take another season before Some other inductees come in.


Can we, can we walk how he almost screwed up John's 1990s. Oh yeah. Do that. Yeah. Yeah. Because initially MTV show. Well, how, how was that a screw up? It was the, well It got canceled. That was, it was the Supposed to, The best and most hottest platform Supposed to take over. The Larry Sanders show didn't happen. Mm. That's another short, he was in there for another day. He was in a horror movie called The Faculty. I feel like that was your fault. He's got a goatee on, he ends up turning into an alien. Well, as John would say, you know, he learned very quickly. I'm glad he stood by you during all these decisions. You, he got A power bomb by John Cena who Busted up his race and that That was recent.


That was recent. You let him get power bombed to impress the Son. I was against it. He didn't listen. Insulting again, But daily show that, I mean then, then you talked to, I redeemed myself at That point. You talked him into that. Yeah. I don't know how he trusted you after the faculty. That's a really good point. I never thought of it that way. Yeah, but then there was Big Daddy. That was a good one for John. Big Daddy was good. That was really good for John. How about playing by heart? Did anyone ever see that movie? It didn't Matter. My wife likes that Movie. She does usually. And Joey's, yeah. John was really good in that. That he was good in that. He was Very good. Me, You might not have seen it yourself. I'm looking at you Now I saw it. I don't remember it, but I know he was good in it at the time.


Didn't you tell the Larry Sanders story, or are you still not allowed? I don't know if John would want that. That Well, let's start it then. I, I, I won't. So do you wanna tell the Larry Do I Don't dunno. If know, what do outta respect to John? I'm not gonna speak outta school. Okay. There was a moment there though, when it seemed like the show was gonna continue with him hosting the show and Larry in retirement. Yes. That Is accurate. I, I would think yes, but yes. It was never guaranteed or firm. But that was maybe the plan and many people speculated on that. So that was, that's not speaking. I nervous getting know, right? No, I finally found the right question.


Hey, I just don't wanna Yeah. Listen, I can't talk about Yeah. Clients' deals and shit like that, that, that, that wouldn't be okay. Were you angry? Disappointed. What's the third thing he does? Disappointed. Insulted, angry. And were you more insulted, disappointed or angry? When the Larry Sanders thing didn't wanna Talk? I was rip shit. I was What's the most ripped shit you've been? Is that number one? No. What's number one? Just all right. I don't think that, so one through seven is, involves Daniel Eson. Then eight is what? That's Not true.


Let's just say, yeah, Let's just say I, I actually can't talk about it, but that was not the number one. But I mad Can't, can you just talking vague where we don't actually say what happened. But you like to, but you can give us like a hint of what happened. I, I'll just say it was some shenanigans in late night television. And I'll leave it at that. I know what it is. You, you may or may not, but There was some Yeah, I know what you're talking about. There was some possible shanking in the works that you found out about. That's all I'm gonna say. Yeah. It's not even worth talking about. Yeah. Okay. But to be honest, how lucky are you to have navigated this representing, you know, three heavy hitters and late night?


Well, and avoiding conflicts for the most part for two and a half seconds. Listen, conflict is good. It can also benefit. Yeah. My, my knowledge of all those can often help each of them. Right. But Even as they're competing against each Other, right. I know. Only worried one of 'em at some point I'm like, Hey, what's going on here? Does he, does he have my best interest? Of Course I do. That's why they know I always do. That is never in question ever. That's not what Jimmy said once. Any last questions Chang before we wrap? What happened with the gnomes Baby? You're all, oh yeah. What happened with the gnomes? Stupid Gnomes? You wanted The gnomes badly. That pissed me off Of the Masters. They have these gnomes that you can get in different, different parts of the course and people show up at six 30 in the morning and try to buy the gnomes.


Yeah. Most, I don't really fully understand Most of them so they can resell them on eBay for a profit. That obviously isn't my motivation. But You wanna put 'em in one of your seven houses? Yeah. I Wanna display them. Of Course. Why they're dumb if you're not reselling them. What's a fricking point? This It's like the Beanie Babies of the golf world. Yeah. Speaking of Beanie Babies. Yeah. I had 'em, one could say that was fricking dumb. I, but I did it with the whole you Beanie Babies. That's, we don't need to talk about it. So here's why I was disappointed Though. I wanted to resell one though. You did. Well. Yeah. I didn't, I wasn't attached in a, But here, here's what's disappointing about you getting screwed over on the gnome today that he thought he was getting. I'm positive Sal would've broken it at some point.


I know. You know, you were thinking about it, baby. Lemme see what that just, that would've been, You know, God works in mysterious ways. You're absolutely right. It was a God, it was a gift from God that I did not get that long. It Would've been so good. It would've build up all week and then crash Simmons. Turn your camera on. My God. You gonna, He would've like drop kicked it, you know, like really smashed it badly somehow. I know Baby. Who's gonna win the Masters After first round today? I mean, I know Scheffler is always hard to bet against, but it's such a boring pick. Well, I picked, I picked Oberg and I'm gonna go with him. He's in the, he's in the, He's a not, he had a really great shot.


32 on the back. I'm going with the guy picked here. Could you ask I'm, I had more. He had, it was minus three than Bogey. Bogey, bogey to even, I'll stick with him. But I almost feel like at this point you put money on Scheffler because if he's like this tomorrow, Hmm. I think he'll be like Minus one. Certainly would have any opinions changed in our Bet. I picked Scheffler and Straka and Straka is like third from last place. Yeah. Stay with Straka. I'm saying Straka. He did Look strapping when What he, what did he finish at? Plus what? Plus six. Oh God. Epic Comeback. This is gonna be a movie That, oh Baby. You're gonna be able to represent Baby the Match. Here We go. On favorite. I do wonder if if if Beefy Bryson might, this could be the, the moment for him.


You picked, we talked about that earlier. He's picked one, Right? He's in the mix. He's definitely in the mix. He's in the mix Is but who do you think will win? I think it's gonna be one of the big guns. This feels like a big guns tournament. Like a scheffler kind of thing. Yeah. Just one of the real, this feels like a, like a moment this weekend. I hear you. And just in general Crazy Sports Weekend with this, you know, all this stuff happening in basketball all at the same time. Because God forbid the NBA isn't on a weekend where Right, right. You know, other major shit is Happening. Can I ask you as Yeah. As the sports guy question. Yeah. Is this, is the masters arguably the greatest sporting event overall for like a weekend sport? Like an on, like a more than one basketball game or one, you know, game seven of a World Champ.


Is the masters the best sporting event? If you love, not even if you love golf, just in general. I, I have an answer, but do you wanna answer that Chang in your opinion? I I I do. And I, I think it is for a consistent basis, not a one-off. It's not like an underdog that reaches the Super Bowl because this is like Disneyland for adults. My, my excitement every time I said this today we're getting into the gates and I was like, this is what my kids feel like gonna Disneyland. Yes. And I hate everything after a while. I'm not I you happy Every day. Right? Yeah. I was so happy. And it's, you don't even have to like golf Right. To Have a good time here. The food's great, the hang this felt like we're like a college road trip this week, you know?


And this is the guy that went for the first time. What do you think? Yeah, I love it. I love everything about it. But I don't think you could say that. I don't even have an answer for you. But I think it's eliminated because most people would be rather be home on Sunday watching on TV than following the action. 'cause it's so hard. Right, right. It's so hard. I had a million, Well, it's two different answers though. It's like, it's fun to go, but you also wanna be home on the last day so you can catch everything. Right. Which Is like a televised event. Sunday Masters. Is that the greatest day in sports? Well, It's, it's the greatest if it's close. If good stuff's happening. Yeah. Right. So I was Thinking today 'cause I was talking to somebody who hadn't been here before and you know, we're walking the chorus.


They aren't huge golf fans. And I was trying to explain why I love the masters. It's the only sporting event that's exactly the same every year. But the people have changed, you know, and it goes back so far. That's yes. The History and you know, I've been here four times and each time it feels the same. The holes are the same. It's still cool in all the same ways. But the, the really cool thing is like you said, your first masters that you remember was like 1970. Yes. Billy Casper won in 19, I was eight years old. Yeah. So I, I vaguely remember the 75 1 as my first one, but I just remember Nicholas in the seventies and yeah. Hoping he would win the masters and becoming attached to him.


But then you just think these different generations just move through. It's the exact same course. There's nothing else really like it. Right. Like they don't play the World Series or the Super Bowl. Like it, nothing has like the continuity and even in golf, like all the tournaments are in different places. Correct. Like, it'll be like, oh cool, the US opens in Pebble Beach this year, but Right. It might not have been for, so it's just, I think that's what it is. And like, even when we were talking in the last segment about like seeing Spieth and like Spieth is on the 12th hole and you're just like, ugh. Right, right. Oh man. As they say, a tradition like no other. It's true. It's like the players have baggage with the course and the holes. Yes.


And, and they hit these different stages. Like you saw Fred a couples today, Ugh. Now he's the old guy. He takes the Tom Watson spot. Really? There is nothing like, it's really cool the walk with you guys, you guys knowing the ins and outs of every hole. Hey, if we're in this spot we could see three holes. And aside from just Amen corner, there's just a whole bunch like, oh my God. Like if you walked around your neighborhood Right. I don't know if you would know the streets as well as you do like the holes and Everything else. Well, and especially like being able to be that close to all these famous golfers Yeah. Where you could just be like, all of a sudden there's, there's Rory, he's three feet away walking by us. It's just Why is he ignoring me? Why is, why is that really tan guy screaming his name?


Not kidding. I Also, I literally breath it in. Yeah, right. I lit the smell because I know olfactory, even though I probably don't have the smell I should have after all these cigarettes, I literally breathe it in to try to like capture it has everything is is is uniquely Augusta National, even the smells. Mm. But We're all on our best behavior. Right. For the part for history. But we've been told all these stories this week about players being so nervous because of the history too. So it just makes it such a special place. So if somebody, if somebody wanted and asked you to cook the dinner 1000%, That would be your number one dinner you've ever cooked.


I would probably put it up there. Yeah, for sure. I would be a no no-brainer. I'm going to do it For sure. You mean like the champions dinner? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that's a great way. No-brainer. Here's what I'd say to you. They'd be lucky to have you baby. Wow. You The new Agent. You're new agent. Not Save it for the Amazon. Exactly, Baby. Okay. Augusta called. I did not like their offer. That's, They wouldn't even pay for a sous chef, baby. We, I don't know if we should do this Insult. I'm insulting. You should be insulting that fucking place. Never going there again. Jackasses. Here's what we, I would do with that. If they ever called, I'd say, you know what, we're honored Right.


For this offer. And can I stay on the course? In fact, In fact he will obviously do it pro bono. Right. But there'll be just one little, one little cost. We get to play the course On Monday. We're all playing the course. Yeah. Really? And everyone's getting a no And throw in three gnomes. And you Haven't played the course. I have not. Maybe we gotta get, we gotta remedy this. I've played it in my mind. What hole Would you be the most excited to play? That's a great question. I'm gonna say, I'm gonna say 15 because I would wanna see if I could Get Yeah. Get There. I mean, if I really crushed my drive from the members tee. Yeah.


There's an absolute chance that I could put it on in two. And We're talking about baby today or baby when the swing speed was At his apex. Today. Today. Today. Geez. Alright, I'll tell you of and then I'll boy we very quick. It's very Late. I try to wrap up. Come On. I came within a razor's hair of getting on the course. Okay, good. I get, I I'm going, I get invited on Monday. They play the, they allow the media to play. Yeah. Hidden placements are the same as Sunday. Right. Okay. Les Moonves, Ray Romano. There we go. Me and someone else.


I can't remember who. I'm literally in my garage. I'm ready to go. It's the next day I'm home. It's Sunday. I'm literally taking toothpicks and cleaning, cleaning the, the grooves of my irons. I I'm ready to go. I, I'm not kidding. I'm shy. I get a, I get a text from Ray Baby Doll. I'm so sorry you got bumped. Less invited like the CEO of at and t and you're out. I'm really sorry. And that was it. I was on my way to go down there and I got bumped at the last minute. Tooth toothpicks stuck it in his throat. That was the end, The last rehears Stuck it in my eyes.


And that was the last, yeah. Wow. That was like when Ralph Cox got cut from the 1980 Olympic hockey team. That's the last cut. Most insulting, tech sadder. Even. That's about as sad as I've ever been. Oh yeah. Oh man. Yeah. But I'll get on. I know I will. I haven't really worked it. I haven't tried very hard. I figured it would come organically. You think? I think we have to try to get more involved. We're gonna make this happen for you baby. Yeah. If you guys do that. What? I love you more than I love you now and I'll be forever indebted. How's That? Well, you're his agent now, so you just basically on a contract, I guess some Papers out there. Baby, Baby, A pleasure.


Always. Thank you Chang. Thank you. Thanks bro. All right. That's it for the podcast. Thanks to Sal and Baby Doll and Chang and House and Nathan. Don't forget to listen to Fairway Row on Sunday right after the masters ends. You can get their recap podcast there. Don't forget about Zach Lowe's new podcast is Zach Lowe show. Don't forget that I'm coming back on Sunday night with Illa. We're gonna wait until after all the Sunday night games and the Masters and, and we will try to break down early preview of the playoff picture and everything we saw over the weekend. I am looking forward to that. Don't forget about Celtic City on max first. Six episodes are up. We just finished the bird arrow.


We're about to go into the nineties on Monday night on HBO. So stay tuned for that and enjoy the weekend. I will see you on Sunday night. Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus and President DC Gambling problem.


Call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org at Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling help line ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 HOPE ny. Or text HOPE NY in New York.