
Coming up. Not even a lightning storm could stop me and Cousin Sal from staying up late doing a podcast. That's Coming. up next, it's The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel Football is in full action. FanDuel's highest rated sports book is the best place to bet it all. We've been doing pretty well on million dollar picks this year. I love the first month of the season because you have to go into the season thinking. I think Pittsburgh's gonna be good. I think the Chargers are gonna be good. I think Seattle's gonna be good. And then trying to back what you think in those first few weeks. And then zag the other way. if you were wrong, you could bid on new and fun markets on FanDuel, like to catch a pass. Same game parlays highest scoring game across the Sunday Slate offensive tds. The next drive. They have so much stuff, it's crazy. The app is safe and scary and easy to use. And when you win, you'll get paid instantly. Plus, look out for FanDuel Squares this season. Here's what you have to do. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one sports book. The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available. And listen to the end of the episode. For additional details. You must be 21 plus and President Select states gambling problem called win hundred gambler, or visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to by SimpliSafe. It's normal to worry about your kids, but did you know you could worry it a little less with a SimpliSafe home security system, it'll help protect you and your family when you need it most. And you know when you realize you need SimpliSafe, if you subscribe to one of those neighborhood newsletters and you get those notifications this happened, that happened, and you go, wait, that's only a couple blocks from me. Well, right now is the time to get SimpliSafe for a limited time. Get an exclusive 50% discount on a new system, plus a free indoor security camera with Fast Protect monitoring just by visiting SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer. Podcast Network. I have a new re watchable coming for you on Monday night. We did Poltergeist. It is part of scary month on the re watchable and you can watch that one as well on The, Ringer movies, YouTube channel. We're also doing a live episode of Silence of the Lambs tonight actually, 'cause it's officially Monday on Broadway in New York City. So we'll run that next week. And the re watchable, as you can find all that on the YouTube channel, you can find all the clips from this podcast on my YouTube channel. The Bill Simmons channel videos clips me, stammering me looking super tired because Cousin Sal and I stayed up very late tonight.


And I'm on East Coast time. We're gonna talk about it in a second. Guest Alliance, week five review. Lots of stuff. Next first, our friends. I wish we had a less peppy song. I wish we had a tired Pearl Jam song. We could. We shoulda gone maybe like black or something, but let's bring him in Pearl Jam. All right. The longest day in NFL history is over.


S is euphoric. I'm exhausted. I'm on the East coast s We had 13 and a half hours. No, I can't even, I can't speak. 16 almost. Almost 16 and a half hours. 15 and a half hours. What's nine to one six hour? I feel like I'm on. I can't do meth. Air traffic control who worked a double shift staring at screens all day. And now I have to do it again on Zoom for an hour. Jet Spikings. But yeah, that did great. I know. Congratulations. Jet Spikings. Feel like it happened about a hundred hours ago. I'm a little groggy, but you are outta your mind. Excited. The Cowboys have stolen one. Yeah, they win in Pittsburgh. A 15 play drive that included a fumble that went backwards and landed on the four yard line.


Then they get stuffed. You have fourth down, you run a pick play. And Tolbert, who seems like he's about to have a heart attack 30 seconds earlier. Yeah, Syme makes this great catch in traffic. You win the game. And more importantly, Dak, not a lot of those for Dak over the years. No. Zero. No, I don't think that. I mean, I was planning on being miserable. I thought this was gonna cap off a Yeah, a Mets cowboys back to back six and a half hour. First of all, you, you were funny yesterday 'cause you texted us and you're like, I'm on the East Coast. I'm gonna be able to watch the London game at a normal time. That's your text voice. Yeah. And then you forgot about, you didn't count, you didn't account for a lightning storm that would keep you up to one 30 in the morning.


But oh, that was so good, man. I mean we, we deserved it. We had like 445 yards to their two 20. We, we just, we outplayed 'em almost every facet of the game. Yeah, it's true. The very exciting fields. Fields threw for 1 34. The Steelers didn't even rush for a hundred yards. Pickens was three for 26. How many did you double their yardage? 25 first downs. Yeah. Yeah. You almost doubled their yardage and yet did. Yeah. 4, 4, 5. 2, 2, 2. And you know what? More than that, you're never gonna hear this probably again, McCarthy out coached Tomlin. He really kind of did. I mean, not just that last drive. Just, well, I mean that last drive, why they used that timeout. I have no idea. Right.


That was a cat and mouse game. Why Tomlin called that time out. But just the, just the play calling. I was proud of McCarthy, you know. All right. Dak had his couple of picks, but just the way he got up and down the field was just chef's kiss. I can't say enough. Well, well you ran the ball, which I didn't, I mean, I went into the game. I pick Pittsburgh once. There's an hour and a half lightning delay. I don't feel bad about any pick. I mean I, I, I'm in Boston. I could have hedged against the, the Steelers bit, but I did not expect out of all the things to happen for you guys to run the ball en Rico, Doell the 20 for 87. The Steelers don't look like the same team to me from the start of the season.


They've had a couple injuries, but they didn't have the same oomph. You know, we knew their offense wasn't gonna be that great, but defensively I just felt like they got lucky with a couple bad Dak throws. Right. But other than that, yeah. I didn't feel like, I didn't feel like there was a ton of pressure. TJ Watt we heard from a couple times, but for the most part kind of felt like you guys were doing whatever you wanted. And Dax seemed really comfortable the whole game. I didn't think it was a good sign for Pittsburgh at all. Well, I think they get out yardage most games. They, but they keep you outta the end zone. Right. So they kept us to 13 for 59 and a half men, whatever mo more. But the, the, yeah, you're right. They should be moving the ball better at this point. And Justin Fields, especially against the second rate defense. I mean, we had guys, we had over Sean, we had Tyrus Wheat, Carla, I could name guys you'll never ever hear of again on defense.


But they, they didn't do it. They couldn't get downfield, which was great. It was really a, a team effort. I haven't seen from the Cowboys in a while. Oh, you're so proud. It's like, it's like you just watched Harrison hit a grand slam, you know? Better, better. It was, as you're watching it, you are thinking, or at least I was thinking like this is kind of a perfect offense for the Cowboys to go against. Yeah. Because they just have these hodgepodge defensive backs and they're just dying to be thrown on. But the Steelers are the exact wrong team to do that. Right. You know, you're playing, you get the Lions next week. Pretty sure that secondary is gonna be in a little bit of a different shape next week against got from those receivers. I, I watched football all day.


I watched everything and the Steelers and the a FFC North in general, I just dunno what to make of it because the Steelers, they win. There was a moment today when it seemed like Cincinnati, it was gonna be Baltimore when it seemed like if the Steelers won tonight, they're gonna have a two game lead after five weeks. Right. And now everybody's bunched together again. But it feel, it just feels like they missed a window. But I'm not sure they're that good either. Yeah. I mean, you want, I was talking to house about this on Ringer pregame show and he is like, his pick pick was the Steelers. I said that's fine, but any team who scores 20 points has a shot. Right. Yeah. It's a, against this knuckle ball offense. 'cause they're only gonna put up about 17, 18, 20 points a game.


So that's why I felt good. But yeah, the, the fact that they're not in sync as they should be is interesting. Yeah. They've gone 18, 13, 20, 24 last week against the Colts 17 today. So they're who you're, I forgot you did The Ringer pregame show today. Yeah, maybe. So you've been going So that, and that was even before the, the London game started. So that this is the longest stretch of media. Longest break you've had doing media in the same day. This is it. So guess now it's Monday. I don't mind it though. I let let it, let it do, let it go. It should be all day. It should be the second you wake up till the second you go to sleep. In fact, I'm gonna sprint upstairs after you say good job by you.


And that'll be that. I, I don't think I've been on the east coast for a London game. It's kind of great. Yeah, because you know when, normally when you're on the east coast and we both grew up here, so we, we were used to it forever and then we moved to the west coast and football started coming on at 10 o'clock. But the London game was always this six 30. I never, you always woke up 'cause you were a psycho. I would kind of wake up at some point, you know, somewhere in the first, second quarter and somebody was always up 17, nothing. Right. That's just how the game goes. Like, ah, 17, nothing rich EINs getting guys names wrong. And you're like, oh, it's the London game this time. I got to watch it the entire time. And as it led to Viking 17, nothing.


So I actually got to actual feel for how it goes. And it, it, it, it just is a long day. I mean especially like this Monday night football or Sunday night football, even if it ended a normal hour, it's still midnight or it's still like 1145. It's very dark on the, now it's 1 0 9 East Coast when these night games start. Right. It's always weird. Like when we go back to do Kimmel in Brooklyn every Yeah. September, October we, it's like, oh my God, the Monday night game didn't start till eight 50. It used to start at nine. Remember when we were growing up it was at nine, right? Like you, it really quarter was like almost like 10. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I do feel like, I don't know if we just get older and we're used to being in routines, but I felt outta whack the whole day because I didn't have my West Coast routine.


Like I had the four TVs on the multi-view. I didn't really get to see enough of the India, Indianapolis, Jacksonville game. The, I didn't know when to have my coffee. It's like, when do I have my coffee? Usually have my coffee right after the late games. But now it's like, it's, we're between the early and the late games. What do I do? Yeah. It was pretty fun though. You probably blew off, you probably blew off church too. Which was odd for you. I did off because of the London game. Yeah. Okay, let's play a game of is it time to believe? Is it time to still believe in the Cowboys? We'll start there. You're three and two, you're game behind this weird C words team that's four one that's scoring 34 points a game for a month basically, but has also hasn't really played anybody.


Are you, are you back in, are you believing again? So what do I, what does it mean if I believe, do I believe they can make the playoffs and then blow it like they do every January? Yes, I do. But it, it has less to do with them than it does with what the league has presented us. Like which seven seed potential seven seed am I afraid of in the NFC? Like Right. Who would you be afraid of? Seattle or Chicago? Who's gonna grab Arizona? Who's grabbing that seven CI was gonna go green to the, oh flaw everywhere. So I'm in Boston. I thought FanDuel would have your division odds yet. They, they don't have it yet, but yeah, it's, I would assume you're still favored, right? Or close or maybe the Eagle favorite. I think this win helps, but yeah, it was the Eagles, right?


Yeah. So yeah, they don't have, they don't have it up yet. To answer your question, who are you afraid of? This NFC playoff picture is super weird. Yeah. So there's only one undefeated team. Minnesota's five and oh, there's only one four win team. It's Washington at four. Four in one Detroit's. Three in one. Then the following teams are three in two, Seattle, green Bay, Chicago, Atlanta, Tampa Bay and Dallas. And then Philly and New Orleans are two and two. So that's five. It's 11 teams that realistically think they, they have a punchers chance, including everyone in the NFC North. So I don't a, I don't know who you'd be afraid of and and B you should probably be afraid because there's seven spots for 11 teams.


That's, well we only kicked one team out, right? The Panthers and I think we kicked the Giants out. So they gotta, they have to actually go away because we told them to. I think we have to re-invite the Giants back. Oh maybe to like a cocktail mixer or something. I dunno. They look pretty good today. It so weird. They are such a weird team. Daniel Jones every two years has a weird road game. Right? We should have seen it coming. Everybody hurt on offense. Ridiculous. Daniel Jones is awesome. Alright. More is the timing to believe our offense is back. We were all upset the first two weeks about how sloppy and disjointed the games were and the quarterback, the fantasy numbers. This was the first day where it really felt like, you know, there's some exceptions but it really felt like teams were moving the ball.


They're having drives running good plays, zipping the ball around. It was way more entertaining football today. I thought so. But I, I thought, I thought that last week too. We had some early games. 10:00 AM out here where it wasn't like seven three, right? Yeah. There was a lot of scoring in the early games last week. I'll say you might have a whole different category for this, but I think the rookie quarterbacks all being decent now. Yeah. Obviously helps the offenses, right? Where those were just duds week one. So I think they are back. I think they gave us a month of, you know, the offensive lines not being in sync and whatever else. Yeah. I'm gonna say they're back for the most part.


Well I was just looking at our fantasy scores in our knockout league, which I'm not owned five, which I don't know if you wanna talk about that now or later. Did you lose that somehow lost today? Even though DHE started fields over Joe Burrow who had oh no, 38 points dagger. But I had the most points in the league. He had the second most. But you look around and some teams were in the hundreds. Again, it felt like those days of fantasy were, might not, might not even see that anymore. All right. Is it time to believe number two teasers are officially dead. Like we're just all banned from doing them. Yeah. Are we there officially like the two, but teaser teams today were Seattle and San Francisco and, and it was like, don't do those.


One of one of those two teams is gonna f you. And both of them did. What can I say? I mean yes, this is this despicable one and what can I say? Because you teased them instead. What can I say? I tease them and I'm gonna, I'm gonna, and I'm gonna do it next week too. Like I need like a Colombian drug Lord, to to to threaten my family's life before I stop doing teasers. But what a lightning delay. But what is the number now? It's the, the Oh God. Like seven plus point dogs or seven and two outright. Yeah. Five and a half plus dogs are have 13 straight up wins. It's, it's crazy enough already. Were those, those were the two biggest lines, right?


The the lake, yeah. The four game games. Niners and the Seahawks. Yeah. Those are two biggest lines other than chiefs. Yeah, I think that, yeah. Yep. Yeah, those are the two biggest. And they went down, please don't do teases unless you're teasing a team The other way, which I did last week with the Titans on Monday night. Yeah. Against Miami. Alright, so we covered that. The Patriots are the worst team in the league. Oh, I knew this was coming. Why are you so why'd know it was coming because I'm a Patriot fan. What, what is it think? Because we've lost four straight. You're in Boston, you're emotional. I get it. You think they're the worst? Oh yeah. I think Denver, Miami was the battle. Well I got at least for the a FC for who's the worst team in the FC in the Patriots won.


And they're the worst team. They ffc. We'll see, I don't, I don't know, I can't remember if they played Carolina this year, but that, that's, that's the anti cream of the crop. That's the spoiled cream at at the top. The Patriots are awful. I have some thoughts about this later that I'm gonna save for the gimmick that we're doing later. But I'm trying to think, I think that's official. You, you do go to Tennessee. That's winnable. That's about it. I dunno. You go to Arizona. Yeah, it's, it, it doesn't get easy after this. Alright, I'm gonna do do some of my Jacobi CE material now. He has not hit 700 pass yards yet for the season in five games. He's at 6 96.


Wow. He's on pace for less than 2,500 yards, which is something out of like the, the 1960s. He's averaging a1 39.2 pass yards a game. How many touchdowns do you think he's thrown this year? Five games. Is it one, two touchdowns and one pick and 17 sacks. But the good news is he is, he's good with his legs. Oh no he is not. He's rushed for 51 yards total. He's on pace for less than 10 touchdowns this year. Less than 10 touchdowns in 2024. He's played every, every game. All the games they've had multiple times in the red zone and inside the other team's 40.


I've never seen anything like this. And, and it's the most divisive patriot argument since Brady Bledsoe. Even though it's like the dumb version of it. Because there's people who's like, the line is so bad you can't play Drake Mayette. You can't, you're just throwing him. He's you, he's gonna die. But if you watch the games, part of the reason the lines are so bad is 'cause Prosec can't throw the ball more than five yards downfield. So the teams move up and it's basically like if you're playing a video game, it's like they're, the other teams are basically in goal line defense. They're just all the way up. The safeties are 10 yards off the line. They're just completely unafraid of him. So yeah, they can't block because there's 11 guys coming 'cause they know that this guy can't throw over the top.


He throws it out of bounds. It's the dumbest thing I've ever seen. It's one thing like I'm glad they're losing. I bet all the unders, I want them to get another top three pick. But I don't understand why you wouldn't wanna have a quarterback who could at least give you a chance to compete. Right. And he seems like a nice guy. We talked about him before, but he's just not a competent starting quarterback. Like I like play Joe Milton. if you don't wanna play Drake may go sign people off the waiver wire. Go get Tyler Huntley. There's gotta be five more of those than the waiver wire. Right. Go get one of those guys. Frustrating. I I'll tell you what, I have three words for you. You deserve it. You do. That's fair. You do. I mean you had the greatest of all time. That's fair.


For two decades. This is like, I would think like, it's like Bill Gates if he's gonna be reincarnated and he is like, he becomes like a cockroach in Malaysia. It's like, all right, that's fair. Come on, whatcha are gonna do? You had the best and now you have the worst. And he is not even the worst. We'll get to the worst. He's a little later. He's he's up there. Well you're not paying. He's really bad. A a zillion dollars. So that's, that's nice there there are some fan base receivers are open. You know what's crazy? The pats are one in four. I honestly think they could have beaten the Niners last week. They could have beaten Seattle. They lost an ot but they had the ball with a chance to quench it and they should have won today. And it's not just per set. The coaching is awful. It's just awful. Like they had, it was, they're down five maybe they're trying to tank.


So if they're trying to tank, congratulations 'cause it's working. But they're down five with like, I dunno, two and a half minutes left, two minutes left. And they gotta, of course they have to get a false start on fourth and 10th. So that's fourth 15. Yeah. On like the 20 And they're like, yeah, let's go for it. Jacobi Bassett, the guy who literally can't do anything. Let's, let's see if he can complete this. Just kick the field goal. All three timeouts. Like this is like basic football 1 0 1 shit that the coaching staff can't do over. They fucked up the end of the first half. So the part that scares me is, 'cause we went through this with the Celtics in the mid nineties where it was like, no, no, it's a marathon, not a sprint. We're trying to build something long term. And it was like ML Carr but ML Carr was trying to win the whole time and then like near the end it became No, no he was trying to lose.


It was like, no, no. I was going to the games. He was trying to win. The Patriots are trying to win these games. They're just incompetent. I, I think it's so bad to take the number three pick, take a quarterback, don't put an offensive line in front of him. Now he can't play the whole year. So he is just basically redshirted this year and the team sucks anyway. Yeah, it makes me mad. It's frustrating. I know you, you can't like it for sure. And I, I don't know, I guess there's the Snoop Huntley's back there, but is it gonna be that much better you think? I guess guess you'll, you can close game here or there maybe Maybe there's isn't a lot. There's not a lot. Like I look at Flacco, I'm like everybody should have that guy. That's spectacular what he does for that team. You know, even though they came up short.


But this is not enough of them.


Let's take a break for the podcast. Get ready to tackle the NFL action with FanDuel America's number one sports book Right now new customers can bet $5 and get 300 in bonus bets if you win. You heard me correctly. The FanDuel Sports book app gives you everything you need to place live bets on the NFL in one place. So when you get a hunch in the middle of the game, check out their latest stats view live, play by play so much more on the same page where you place your bets. All you have to do is visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to join today. You'll get started with $300 in bonus bets. if you win your first $5 bet, never waste a hunch. Make every moment more with FanDuel an official sportsbook partner of the NFL. You must be 21 plus and present in select states or 18 plus and present in DC. First online Real Money wager only $5 First deposit required bonus issued as non drawable bonus bet which expires seven days after receipt restrictions. Apply C terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by Netflix, which we should be showing Mr. McMahon on September 25th starting five. A new 10 part Netflix sports series provides an intense behind the scenes look at the 2020 3 24 NBA season through the eyes of five of the league's biggest players, Jimmy Butler, Anthony Edwards, LeBron James, Deante Saboni and Jason Tatum. Obviously I'm always gonna think about this season and think about the fact that the Celtics and Jason Tatum won the title, but Anthony Edwards had a breakout superstar season. They captured all of it starting five, captures the biggest players battles on and off the court, giving sports fans an unfiltered view of life at the pinnacle of pro basketball Watch starting five October 9th only on Netflix.


So more is the time to believe. Do you believe in the Ravens yet? They've stolen a couple games. Yeah, I do. 41. Do you see the out rushed opponents by seven 50 yards this year already in five games? Is that what it's hundred 10 or 2,550? Yeah, I can add hundred 50 yards per game. More. I think you nailed it. You said they're a must watch. There are, what'd you call it, a must, four boxes or something. Oh I said, I said I tweeted Lamar as the king of Multiview. He's just got a at least regular season he's gotta be on. He's too exciting. Yeah and you could hate the team and you could hate everyone on them and for what they've done to your fantasy team like Mark Andrews and Flowers and Justin Tucker, these guys. But they are a must watch and they're, I don't know, I feel like they're more dangerous how they did it today than if they have like a 10 point lead.


'cause we see how they struggle to hold leads. But good luck keeping them under 35 or 30, you know, right in there. 'cause they have different ways to beat you and Derrick Henry, you could forget about 'em for like a half hour and it's like, oh yeah, there's a 35 yard run. So good. They have that at their disposal. Yeah, they have a weakness which is you can throw on 'em and the Bengals threw on them over and over and over again. There's this, I was looking at the play by play after the game starting in the third quarter. I think there was like six or seven straight touchdowns just passing back and forth before that borough interception. But they couldn't stop Borough Borough was getting whatever we wanted and it was just a horrific, horrific Bengals loss, which we'll talk about in our next segment that we have.


But if I had to pick an A FC team, I would still pick the Chiefs. But it feels like the Ravens have the most answers, especially with the Bills starting to slide back the bills were the rabbit team. They look good after three games, but there's a lot of holes with the bills that we can discuss. But it feels like Ravens and the Texans are kind of, they, they're not knocking anyone's socks off but they're quietly four and one. They're gonna be five and one after next week and it just feels like they're headed to like 12 and five, 13 and four and we're not gonna understand it. But their quarterback's just fantastic. They have a pass rush.


There's enough there that IIII would bet on the upside with them, don't you think? I think so. I wanna see this Nico Collins injury. 'cause that seemed like two different games when he went out. Yeah, right. For the Texas, you're right. And so that's what I have to see. But the Ravens are right there. Here's the thing with the bills, I know everyone wants to kick him to the curb because it, they had like a weird game today and you know, McDermott whatever. But two big games, I, I'm looking at that division and they're minus two 20 to win that division. The more I look at it, I think nine and eight takes it. I'm not impressed with the, I mean your team we went over, I don't think that Dolphins claw back and I think nine is now a, a optimistic for Aaron Rogers Jets. Yeah the bills on FanDuel minus two 20 and the Jets are plus three 40 and that seems outta whack because I think the Jets could easily go nine and eight and somehow get the division, you know, the next, the next one for is the time to believe.


How wide open do you think the NFC West is? Because the Niners are two and three. Yeah. And Arizona once again came back and did and did some stuff when, just after last week when we counted them out. And then Seattle's three and two, even though they looked awful today but talk about nine and eight could take a division that feels like a nine and eight thing. So the Rams are one and four heading to A by, but they're getting cup in NA back and I'm not writing 'em off yet. Like they're 50 to one on FanDuel to win the division. I'm not writing off the Rams yet. As bad as their defenses. No, you can't, you can't write off any of those teams. And it is a little bit weird that the Niners are, they're two and three, right? I didn't get this wrong. Yeah, they're two and three and they're favored at minus one 15 to take that division.


Yeah, I know they take, they play Seattle Thursday night, but Kyle Shanahan's becoming a, a master at blowing double digit leads in the fourth quarter, which wasn't really their thing, you know, when, you know back in the Super Bowl year and the last few years that they've been dominant and obviously McCaffrey is a, a big part of that. As good as the backup's been, but yeah, no you can't count any of those teams. Arizona. But MCC McCaffrey's, the, he's not on special teams. Right, right. Special teams has murdered them this whole season. He's not on the defense messing up some of these drives when they just need to stop. So I'm sure they're trying to blame McCaffrey but I I do you feel like it would be that different with McCaffrey?


Well I think if you're talking about closing out with double digit leads in the quarter, yeah, maybe close quarter. Quarter quarters. Quarter. Yeah you're right. You're right. Yeah. Oh, I had on the Houston as a time to believe there's, remember we talked in the futures spot about could Houston be the one seed seed. I feel like that's still in play when you think with the KC receiver injuries and, and really probably nobody else in the a ffc. I wouldn't, I wouldn't rule out that one. Is it time to believe Aaron Rogers might be smaller case wash, not, not all caps washed. Aaron Rogers, I I think you could believe that like three times every week and then go back to not believing it.


Right? Yeah. Like he looked like he had a debilitating injury today and then like came right back on the field. Yeah. What up with that? And his body language suggests that he doesn't wanna be there a lot of the time. Right. But then it's like, oh he is yelling at the ref for one of the worst throws we saw all day at the end of the game. So in that regard I'm like, oh he's back that that Aaron Rogers is back. But I, I'll say the hopeful thing is he recognized that Garrett Wilson who everybody told us we had to take the top six picks and our fantasy draft. Yeah, I have them in twos. He did hit him. I mean how many receptions did he have? Did he have 10? I thought thought he had 12. He had 12. Oh, 12, right. He had 12. So that's promising.


But talk about a team that's like outta sink should be a lot better than they are. I ran up to take a shower when Rogers went down because I thought the game was over. It was like they're carrying him off. It's done. Yeah. And then I came back down and my daughter's boyfriend was like, oh no, no they, there was a rough in the kicker call and now Rogers was headed to the booth 10 and just came back in and then all of a sudden they Jets were driving. It's like what just happened? And then they showed the rough in the kicker and it was the worst rough in the kicker call probably in the history of football. It was really bad. Worst case scenario. What's the other one? Like running into the kicker, but it's a five yarder. Yeah that's five. Yeah. So I, yeah, I mean he threw 54 times and on the other side, I don't know how much you wanna talk about the Vikings, but Sam Darle made that a very winnable game.


He was 14 for 31 and he seemed worse. I know he, his last drive was probably pretty good. Probably his best, but I don't know, maybe he, he might be a little banged up too. I thought he took a hit in the first quarter and was never the same. Yeah. Which of course the announcers did notice. Right. I had that for the next, is it time to believe, is it time to believe Sam and or Derek Carr turning into a pumpkin soon as we head toward Halloween? Oh, good timing. Good timing. Sam was 14 for 31 today and air mailed like at least eight, nine throws. And Jefferson got pissed at one point and then he made a couple near the end to basically save the game. But both of those guys like the Vikings are five and oh I'm not gonna shit on Sam Donald.


But yet they, you watch a game like today and you're like, ah, I'm still not gonna trust this in January. I'm just not. Yeah, I think everything kind of has to be perfect for them to be perfect. Right. Like Aaron Jones went out early and their offense was different. Right, Aaron? That happens to Aaron Jones. Yeah. Right. But a an injured ish Sam Donald was asked to do more. Yeah. And really couldn't, I mean if it wasn't the Jets such such lethargic offense, they would've been in a lot of trouble. But they get, they get the leads man they were up 10 nothing. They did it again. You know, got a couple plays so you darn turning into a pumpkin over a car. Who would you pick if you get to pick one for a pumpkin?


Oh we gotta see car tomorrow. Yeah, I'll say car just 'cause I feel that's safe. What's he gonna do LA The last one is a time to believe the rookie QB is Caleb and Daniels. Yeah. So and Bo Nicks. No you don't wanna throw him in there. I don't. Oh I started Caleb in one of my leagues because of this Carolina matchup where they had like the worst pass rush in the pass pass rush. Oh, worst pass rush in the league In a bad past day. He was like, this seems like a perfect matchup for Caleb. And of course it was. He looked great.


Yeah, I'm still not a hundred percent sold. I wanna see them like with a fierce defense, like how they hold up. 'cause I don't think they can block Daniels. Looks like he's gonna be an MVP candidate now. Yeah, just especially because we don't have MVP candidates. It's basically him and Lamar. It was Rock Purdy until he lost that game today. And Josh Allen is free falling, so I don't even know who the MVP candidates are, but they has there, well your boy tr jumped, jumped to second, he's plus 600 Mahomes. They still keep 'em steady plus two 70 and Lamar Jackson's plus six 50. But yeah, Jayden is now a sizable minus two 10 favorite for offensive rookie of the year. And he looks so poised and everything.


I don't, I don't wanna make too much out of it because he, he beat up a, a fraudulent team. Yeah. I'm sure we'll talk about in a minute. But man, he looks good. He looks good. And Caleb Williams looks like that Bears offense is weird when it's clicking. Right. It seems like everything's going downhill and I'm, I'm very impressed with actually both of them. Daniels especially. But for after a month for them to be where they are is pretty cool. So the last one I have, well who would you bet, who would you bet on right now with MVP? Because we talked about this when Alan looked like he was the prohibitive MVP favorite after three weeks.


And we were like, this never works. There was that Russell Wilson moment. Yeah. What was that? Four years ago? And people were like, Russ has never won an MVP and this is his year after like four every year there's a guy after three, four games we get all excited and then it just flips in two weeks. if you had to bet on any of these dudes, would it be Stroud Stroud fits a lot of the model 'cause they're gonna be their one or two seed. Yeah. And he was, I thought he was spectacular today. Even though I don't, the points maybe didn't reflect it, but I thought he did a lot of great stuff today. And when they lost Collins, you know, they, they and they didn't have their starting, they basically didn't have Mixer and Collins and he kept them hanging around that game. Right. I think you have to take STR at six to one 'cause he does fit that.


You know, what do you need to be like a top two seed and top two seed? Maybe they don't get, maybe they don't get first, but they should get second. I on the other hand have to take Dak motherfuck Prescott a 25 to one. Wow. Wow. No, no, no, no. I won't, I won't do that. Yeah, those, those aren't bad odds. I'm gonna stick with Josh Allen. I still think by default the bills are gonna have a hefty win total. And I like it at plus seven 50. Daniel dimes at 200 to one. Is he up there? Wow. Yeah. Good for him. He's my next is a time to believe. That was an awesome game he played today. And I had, I had the, I had Seattle in a, I had a first half game bet on Seattle and the Giants should, they should have the game should have been over in the first half.


They were dominating. They had a stupid turnover right in the goal line. Yeah. But Dimes was awesome. Dimes looked like the dimes from two years ago and he didn't have Malik nabs, which was one of the reasons I thought Seattle was gonna have it. 'cause Malik nabs was their whole offense. All of a sudden these other receivers got involved, some random running back that I guaranteed didn't start for anybody. He probably had a hundred yards, maybe more Tyrone, Tracy, everybody picked him up Saturday night in their fantasy league and he had 129 yards. Yeah. But I thought Dimes kind of controlled the game really good. And he was in Seattle. I mean Seattle, there's, they're missing dudes all over on their defense. They were a little fraudulent maybe to begin with. But I, I thought Dimes was the best part in the field.


I wish I could be smarter about these games. I wish you and I could talk like Friday and be like, all right, this was like five and a half, six and now nabs is out and he's the only one who could stretch the field. Who the hell single Terry's out whatever He is a running back. But who was gonna, who were you afraid of on the Giants at this point? Oh and it jumped to seven. The line. I wish I could see that. I'm like, ooh, there's nice value in that. No, I always have to go the other way. Seahawks teaser and then, but you're right. They, they could could have won this game by three touchdowns if they call at a different, I feel like if there's another angle on that one yard plunge that went 99 the other way could have been a giant to Yeah, they look, they could have won this game. It could have been well over in the third quarter. Well here's why week four, week five is so much fun because now you look back at the Giants games and we, we crossed them off.


We were like, they suck. So they lose to Minnesota. 28 to six in week one. Turns out Minnesota is a five and oh team with a really good defense and the Giants weren't ready for it. We two, they lose to Washington in 2118. And the takeaway from that game is, well they don't know we Why didn't they have a backup field goal kicker? Basically if they had a field goal kicker, they win the game. Right, right. Week three they beat Cleveland at Cleveland. Go ahead. Week four. What? Yeah. Alright. No, Dallas, they should have beat Dallas. That's what's coming next. Yeah, they lost to Dallas. They could and easily, easily, easily could have won. They could have moved on and then they win in Seattle. Like the, the Giants might actually be pretty good.


And this was their hardest stretch of the season. So they have Home Cincy home Philly at Pittsburgh, home Washington. And then they're going to London for, at Carolina Week 10. But they, they, they might get to, they might get to five and five after 10 games. It's not inconceivable. I think the NFC is gonna be bizarre. No, I know. Yeah. I'm not. Look, I'm nervous about when we play them again. I think they could split with Washington and Philly. They, you know, they played, they played Philly tough last year. Wandell Robinson is making tiktoks in in the locker room getting screamed at by Dbol. It's, it's, it's a fun team all of a sudden.


So I think the Giants aren't in pole position for Belichick anymore. Oh really? It a Jacksonville now. I think we Steven Ruiz, I think he was right. What they do, they do have Division up odds up now for that. What is it? Give it to me. It's still Eagles plus one 30 Commanders plus 200 Cowboys. Two 60. Your Giants 20 to one take the Giants in the Rams. No, that we said Washington last week. Remember why when we did that a week ago, Washington was plus 360. Yeah. We changed our mind all the time. No, but we were just saying that's good value and that it's two one. Yeah. Yeah. Now it's down two. Yeah. The last one for is the time to believe is, I know the Bengals and we're gonna talk about in a second that they blew that game.


But the, the Bengals offense, like the Borough stats and the two receivers going like the Bengals offense is back, that's like the fantasy offense where it's like I'm just, I'm just getting Burrow and I'm getting both receivers and I'm like that, that, I think that's what we're gonna get the rest of the way. Yeah. Five touchdowns and close games. F for for Borough. Yeah. I'm, I'm with you. Bur is great. Just something, something's just not right otherwise. Yeah. I mean, yeah. What do you have? Just, just to Hi Higgins and Chase. It was like 280 yards. But yeah, he, he's on look he's on fire. Just can't win.


Now it's time for today's player bundle segment presented by State Farm though it's tough to crown the best play in football history. No one can deny the magic when the right two players work together to pull off the unexpected. I'm not just saying this 'cause you're here, but one of the first great football plays I ever saw was the, the Pearson play. Oh, look at that. Sawback to Pearson. Watched that one with my dad. Seemed like he pushed off, but I didn't know any better. I was like five. Oh no. But didn't push off. But that was like what considered to be one of the original Hail Marys even though it wasn't really a Hail Mary. Right. But but you had stopped back. What, what was your best combo? Was it Aikman Irvin? There's been so, I mean Yeah, I think it would have to be Aikman Irvin. Mine is Moss Brady. Moss Brady oh seven four. Mid 2000 tens. Brady Gronk would be my one A one B Moss Brady 2007 was like one of the greatest sports experiences of my entire life. Right until the end when in the Super Bowl Are you gonna cry? I weight all the paper was so much fun that first night when they were infu mode after Spygate. That was the most fun I've ever had as a football fan. I loved it so much. Will you give, we just unleash Moss. Please give Jacoby Brissett to Mario Douglas. A chance before you, you lock in on a it would be Jalen Pope here who was wide open to Jaye touchdown except Right, right, right. Sailed it almost over his head. That's your guy. Well you know what? US is better together bundling your home and auto insurance with the personal price plan from State Farm Personal Price Plan. Let you call the place so you can choose the right coverage at a price that's right for you. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with a personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by customer availability, amounted discounts and savings and eligibility varied by state.


Okay. Des Romo is my favorite. Des and Romo let, let's restart the ad. Start the ad over. Yeah. IPL that in later. De Romo.


This episode is brought to you by Comedy Centrals The Daily Show. Not all elections are created equal. Some are much, much worse than others. The political climate is getting hotter and hotter, but John Stewart and the Daily Show are barely breaking a sweat as they make sense of political nonsense Every weeknight. Comedy Central's the Daily Show. Continuing 2024 election coverage with John Stewart. Mondays at 11 and every weeknight at 11 on Comedy Central


This episode is brought to by SimpliSafe. As a father, I know how important it's to make sure you're keeping your kids safe. It always feels like you could always be doing more. Right. Well here's a parenting tip. Get a SimpliSafe home security system. It's a great way to make sure your family has the protection they need even if you're not there. We have one in our house and we love it. It's a summer we just went away. When you're away, you wanna know that all hell isn't breaking loose in your house. And that's where SimpliSafe comes in. If you're gonna trust anyone with the safety of your loved ones, trust SimpliSafe. They've been named Best Home Security Systems by US News and World Report for five years running right now. you can get an exclusive 50% discount on a new system plus a free indoor security camera with Fast Protect monitoring. Just visit SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. This offer is for a limited time only. So order today. Once again SimpliSafe with two is SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Alright, we're gonna do a week five Incompetency Draft because there was a lot of incompetency today. And I'm gonna give you the first pick. Who do you have? Alright. Okay. I am gonna take for this, I'm gonna take my Aunt Chippy because she's always leaking. She's 84 years old. God bless her. And it, oh, did you say incontinence or incompetency? No. Incompetency. Yes. I thought you said incompetency people. Oh my list. People being incompetent. Oh, my list is gonna be very different from yours. Ain't chippy's leaking. No, no, no. She's fine. She's fine. Oh, she listens. I'm in a lot of trouble here. No way. She's listening. She's she's she, she loves Brown's talk. All right, lemme start it off. 'cause I don't know why the shit has hit the fan with these browns, but the Hass literally.


Yes. Dee and Jimmy Haslum. Yeah. I'm not blaming Stefanski anymore for having Deshaun Watson in there. I refuse to think that he thinks this is a wi winning formula and I don't even know why the Haslams are doing it. They know they can make the playoffs without em. They did it last year. I know they have to pay him a lot of money. I think you may have hit on something, I don't know if you met it meant it this way, but are they playing him in the hopes that he gets hurt now salary wise that wouldn't matter. They're still on the hook for all of it. Even if he got hurt. Yeah, but maybe they're just like setting him up like, like, like Tony Soprano set up Fich la Right? Remember he is like, yeah, yeah, yeah. All right. I, I'm watching that season now.


It's the best. It's so good. That might be what's going on here. But honestly, just start Anyone else. And you could probably win a lot of these games. I mean when the QBR number is in the seven, 8.3 every week enough already, what are you doing to these fans? These are winnable games. Well, first of all, they're not a playoff team and I think it's way more fun to have Watson being like historically bad every week. Like the tweets are really fun. Austin Gale always has these tweets about through through five weeks. This is the worst offense in Cleveland history. It's crazy. Through five weeks. This is the worst offense since 2018. He, he was 15 for 28 today for 125 yards.


They were one for 13 on third down and they average 3.6 yards per play. He said 17 starts and he's never thrown for 300. He was my first pick. Never thrown for 300 for them. What do you think is going on? What do you think is going on? Honestly, I think he's the most disliked local NFL player. Like by a fan base? Oh yeah. That I can remember. Like has any fan base disliked a player more than this? Who are the De Sean fans in Cleveland at this point? Like this guy's literally ruined your entire decade of football. I don't remember a guy holding a city hostage for a single sport like this. Like I think there's probably you, you can name a bunch of basketball players that can, you know, stuck around a little too long.


Maybe cost some team, you know, but this is just bizarre because you have last year to compare it to, and they had four quarterbacks, maybe even five by the time it was over and they made the playoffs. So yes, they're stuck with this contract. They're never gonna dig their way out in the next five, seven years, whatever. But yes, they could also make the play. Not this year, they're not making the playoffs this year. But what the hell did Jamis Winston do that they don't wanna put him in? I mean it's it's outrageous now. So there's three possible theories. You asked me why, what are they doing? Yeah. One is the sinister theory. They're like hoping he gets hurt. Two is he's a sunk cost.


So the moment you punt on this, you've basically ruined the next two, three years of your team anyway. Right. You just have him on the bench sulking, he's gonna be such, you know, such a cancer that you almost feel like you're better off. Just have him out there praying and hoping that the talent comes back and you turn it around. And then the third thing I think would be just sheer stubbornness. That's that this owner, he is just like a crazy rich guy. He is like, no, no, he is gonna be fine. He's gonna be fine. I was watching some 20 2019 Texan tapes yesterday. He it's gonna come back. He's not gonna be fine. He is, it doesn't seem like, it doesn't seem like he has any zip on his throws anymore.


Nothing. It doesn't seem like he cares. He doesn't like, no, nothing really matters. You know? And, and I even gave him a little bit of a pass last week because he had two big plays called back. But then he goes right back to being 20, 24 Deshaun Watson frame 'em like Fich is what I say. I'll make the T-shirts. It's a really weird thing to have a sunk cost on a team. We had it with on the Celtics with Vin Baker when it was just clear he wasn't gonna be able to play. And then you just go to the salaries and you're just like, oh my God. Like we we're, we're not getting out of this for three more years. Like it's almost an entire presidential term. There's no outs. We can't trade him.


Like, ah, just play him again. Maybe he'll get better So. it feels like they're still in the, maybe he'll get better stage, but he's not gonna get better. Can stefanski make a statement and be like, listen, I'm a two time coach of the year winner. You don't, you People don't honestly think that, I think this is our best path to winning. Right? Like I just, future employers, please know that this is, I have a gun to my head here and this is all haslum hassle. Well, it's like first year at JKL, it's like Daniel had to do a bunch of stuff that a, b, C wanted him to do and he didn't get to follow his vision for the show. Oh, okay. All right. All right. Yeah. That's what, yeah, that's, that is what happened. That's what happened. I think.


I think that's what happened. Yep. Fich Daniel. Yeah. There are no outs. I don't know what they do and I, if I'm a Cleveland fan, like I I, I don't know if I'd be able to watch it anymore. Yeah. What's funny is six weeks ago there were still like, you pick Cleveland for the playoffs and you're like, either he'll Watson will come back or he'll suck and they'll just put in somebody else. And this is still like a nine or 10 win team. But there, nobody ever predicted the scenario. Watson is still gonna be awful. Right. And they're just gonna leave him in every week and that's how it's gonna go. Right. And the defenders, you talk about like the city hating him, the rest of the team has gotta be done with him.


Like the defense is good. I know they've Yeah. Regressed to the mean now. I think they're like 13th or 14th in the league is like, that's 'cause it's three an ounce all the time with the offense. Like the defense can't be dynamite like it was. I know Miles Garrett has two foot injuries and everything else, but All right, I'm gonna go, I'm gonna take Kyle Shanahan for all the reasons we talked about. The Niners are two and three, which is inexcusable. They've had two of the worst losses of the season. They're oh two in the West. They're oh three in the NFCI disagree with their strategy stuff, especially in the fourth quarters. They just do dumb shit and they, they just are super sloppy and have so much talent, and especially when you're going all in and, and doing the IU extension and some of the other stuff they've done where they're like, basically like, this is our window.


We have to win. I know it's early in the NFL and I know we're gonna zigzag a million times, but sloppy is always a bad sign. And they seem super sloppy. And I think Purdy, he had two picks today, but I, you know, I think, I think Purdy's actually kept him in some of these games. He's really like, I, I, I think he's, I just think he's been really good. I'm with the, unlike the Browns, the Niners have a quarterback who's too good for the team to be two and three, you know? Yeah. Like he's, who's played really well. Big throws. Yeah. Definitely. The stats don't back up. How, like, some of the stuff he's doing and how he's keeping plays alive and I don't even, their offensive lines been that good. Right.


So I'm with you. That's a good one. Yeah. Shanahan, I don't get it. All right. You go. All right. Okay. In competency award, I'll give mine to Jason Garrett during a weather delay. Oh boy. I'm so glad you brought this up. That was something else that, that team just ad-libbing for an extra hour, didn't count on it at all. They, and were somehow completely taken aback was they're basically doing a podcast. Yes. It's like us right now. They need another 12. Exactly. They need 24 people. But, and, and you got really got some insight because I'm sorry, Jason Garrett. I'm so, I, I wish I didn't hate him so much, but I don't need Jason Garrett breaking down, Sean McDermott's coaching decisions like you were the worst.


You, this is like a dog reprimanding a human for ping in the bushes. I don't wanna hear anything you have to say about coaching. So there you go. It's like now to talk about, about some poor treatment of women. We're gonna bring in Ted Bundy. Yeah, here he is. It's like, now come on, Ted. Yeah. Garrett. I thought it was so funny that Jack Collinsworth ran outta material and they couldn't go back to him. I don't know, maybe it was the lightning delay, but maybe Jack Matthew Barry had his one fantasy pick. They just had the four people in the studio just going for like 40 minutes. I was dying. I thought it was so funny.


They're like, Jason, do you have any romo stories or any, he is like, he's just smiling and laughing and looking at the McCordy brother. I was dying. That was great. Maria Tower. Yeah. What, like, what if, if they knew ahead of time that that was gonna happen, what do you think they would've scheduled? I don't know. I don't, y you know, like, just, you know what, here's an idea. Chris Collins. Were talking to the coaches or something. I have no idea. Something. Here's an idea because this kills on social media. Just show different locker room speeches. Those are always great. Well, that's good. Just be like, let's look at the, what Harbaugh told the Ravens after the game and show that, and then come back and Jason Garrick could just be smiling like a baby.


He, but I, I feel like they could have, it was, it was just really funny. Okay. Sean McDermot can't believe it took this song to get to him in Buffalo 2020. They rallied back somehow. They're on the three yard line, 32 seconds left and just need to get it to overtime. And Houston has three timeouts. And anyone who plays a, who's ever played a video game, knows, run the ball three times, make them use all of their timeouts. They're gonna get the ball with about 11 seconds left, no timeouts. Hopefully unlike their 40. And there won't be enough time to do anything. What do they do? Alan? Just chucks it, downfield three times in a row.


Houston gets the ball back, Stroud plays it perfectly Fair Barn hits a 59 yarder in Houston. Wins the game. Some of the worst coaching we've seen, like even Doug Peterson was like, wow. Wow. That was dumb. Wow. He, I couldn't believe it. He owned McDermott, right? He said he, he blamed himself, which is good, but did he own it? Oh yeah. No, he said he is like, it was poor coaching down the stretch by me, that that's on me. But he did say it. But I think what these coaches have to realize is everybody's kicking 60 yarders on the other way. Right? So even if you were normally gonna go forward, take a chance by your five or 10, just know that everybody's one first down away.


In fact, I get annoyed with announcers now where they're excited, you know, by, by a 55 yard field goal. It's like, all right, it's like, like we used to be when we saw someone flip a bottle and it would land upright. Seen a million times. The guy been two of them today. And it was like he'd just shown up in the league yesterday. Very strange. So Alan was nine for 30 for 131 yards. And Buffalo was three for 14 on third down. And they're like, let's just chuck it from our own three. Really grim. What do you have? I'm gonna go, all right, I'll, you know, we've talked about this. The NFL schedule makers. Yeah. The 4 0 5 start.


You. All right. Let's say you have a quartet of afternoon games. Two of us for bringing this 4 25, 4 0 5 start. And lemme tell you something. Almost always one of those 2 4 0 5 starts, there's a touchdown within 35 seconds. Yeah. And we can't catch our breath. That's today. The Raiders great endings. Raiders seven, nothing. Raiders five seconds, seven, nothing. And Kyler Murray scored early, right? Yeah. And the, and the other one missed both of them. And I know we could live bet. So it's, well, not as bad as it used to be, but you lose a lot of value in like the Arizona when they score and then they go behind and your head starts playing games with it. Make it four 15 and 4 25, 4 15. That, that makes a world of difference.


Instead of 4 0 5, I have some advice for our beloved friends at YouTube. Yeah. One of my favorite relationships, they have to fix it. So the multi-view, if there's the one game from the earliest Yeah. That's bleeding into the late games. I need to be able to multi-view the that. And they happened with the Ravens. Couldn't, couldn't watch the Ravens, but multi-view with the late games, they just need to fix that. Right. So the 4 0 5. So you're saying there's two kickoffs before the two main kickoffs and you wanna see those? So I have, yeah. I only have one game and whatever game left. And I have all the late games. Just, just give me a new multiview. Can't be hard. Yep. Zach Taylor, I'm picking in the Incompetency Draft.


They have four losses by 15 points. They completely choked against the chiefs in the Ravens today. They, they got a, a gift of an OT fumble recovery from Lamar. Yeah. Who was fantastic today. And that somehow shotgun snap off the face and it looked like he had another like dumb late game Lamar moment. We were like, God, why can't he figure out this, this one little piece. They get the ball and they played it. To say they played it safe would be an understatement. They just basically ran in 10 guys three times in a row to set up like a 54 yarder for McPherson and Bat hole.


He misses it. The Ravens get the ball back, Henry runs down and they win. So Zach Taylor is 10 for 2010 and 21 now in the nf in the a FC north. Do you know this? Is that what it is? The, the three teams he has to beat every year? He plays twice Series 10 and 21 now. Wow. That's not good. That's not good. you can, I, can I suggest Yeah, go ahead. Yeah. Last playoff team to go one in four and then make the playoffs Washington in 2020. Apparently the odds are 5.6% for the Ben 2020. That's, that's what the, that's, yeah, but that, okay. So yeah.


So that includes obviously this extra team and everything. Yeah. Well I don't even remember that Washington. Oh yeah. What were you gonna say? Yes, I do. No, I think it should be Zach Taylor. But it should be a dual entry with Lou Omo because I, I had him written down like, this guy was the greatest defensively, right? Yeah. Like, oh my God, I think I liked him 'cause he was Italian, but 30th in the league, in scoring defense now like 30th, they, they have to be better. I mean 520 yards versus the Ravens. As good as the Ravens are, he shouldn't in a must win at home. Allow 520 yards. What Sopranos character is Lou Amarillo, where it's like, it was, he was really good in the early seasons, but now it's like, wow, I'm ready for this guy to get whacked.


maybe Maybe a little arty. Buco. I don't know the buco I got, I got great feel for you today. Have a seat. I got a great wine to go with it. Ladies, lemme take these menus. You won't be needing them today. Cool. I'm gonna just draft two in a row here. Robert Sala, who's now 20 and 36. We make fun of him every week. Just gonna mention that he's still one of the 20 worst coaches of all time by winning percentage. Yeah. if you wanna throw that out there, the Doug Peterson, Trevor Lawrence combo. These guys, even when they win, it feels like a loss. What the hell? They just can't help themselves.


Like classic first quarter, they turn it over on Downs. 'cause of course they do. Right? They can't help that. Then they get inside and I'm watching with Zoe's boyfriend and I'm like, watch this. Watch the Jaguars watch how stupid they are. It's like first and goal inside the head. I'm like, watch this. This is gonna be amazing. And then they end up, they do the three terrible plays, and now it's like fourth in goal from the two. And and Peterson actually was like, I can't do it again. And he just kicks the field goal. Like he finally, even, he even, he's seen enough on fourth down and the Colts were just dying to give away the game. And the Jags finally took it. They gave up an 85 yard touchdown in Thomas. Lawrence actually hit two long throws.


But that team, even when it's their day and they should be winning by 15, they're still like pulling it out. They're staving off Joe Flaco at the end. And they're like barely winning this indie team that was dying to just roll over for them. It's mystifying with them. First of all, I couldn't believe it. Like Trevor Lawrence has two interceptions this year. I would've thought it was seven. I would've guessed 11. They, they, they didn't cover. The line was two and a half all week. It, it shot up to three and a half. So if you were, you know, and I was, and a lot of people betted very suspicious that they won by three. Ridiculous. Why is it they defensively, they have the Josh Allen who changed his name. They have wa Javon Walker. They, they should be all over teams, right?


That, and now you, now you have Tank Bigsby in there. Like, what the the hell was that? Who looked amazing? Like yeah, he looked amazing. It like 13 carriers for 101 yards. Why aren't they winning games by 17? Especially games where, you know, he could have been fired. Like you said, Doug Peterson, this would've been 10 in a row if they lost us. And now he gets to go to London. Yeah. Think he's, oh, even so yeah, no, I, no, I think if they lose, I think that's it. Oh yeah. That. But he'll go to London now. Yeah. For his two games. Do you have any other picks? 'cause I have a couple more. I just have another scheduling thing. WNBA schedule makers head to head with NFL Sunday, three weeks in a row. you can see ahead of time the schedule. Guys, girls, whoever.


I don't, I don't understand. I wanna, I wanted to watch those games to be honest. We have money on them. The WNBA had this amazing moment, this season to get as many eyeballs as possible on their most important games and stuck to the schedule that they did 15 years ago when it was counter programming and completely blew it. Right? And I, I actually wanted to watch those games and there's no way I'm, I'm watching anything other than football on a Sunday. No, you can't. It's, they have, you know, the days like this isn't rocket science. Like Friday night's gonna be your awesome night. The ratings have been great on that. Wednesday night is another awesome one. You're not going against anything Tuesday night and then try to figure out a Monday, Thursday, and maybe some Saturday, like just squeeze some windows in, but don't go like you, you have a chance to blow this league out and make this right.


Really kind of a a a pretty mainstream league. It's not gonna happen going against the NFL. Okay. So the, the question, just like it is with the stubborn Browns owners is why, why are they doing this? Who's, who's telling them's Steve Money and it's, it's ESPN because ESPN wants that programming on a Sunday. That's, that's the reason. And they, some kind of program, they need to go, they need to go to espn. This, the NBA was in the same situation 40 years ago with the NBA finals, which are being tape delayed and yanked around. It really hurt the league. And CBS is like, whoa, what do you expect us to do? Or take off Dallas? Like, we're not gonna do that. Like, sure, we're gonna take off Duke's a hazard. Like, fuck you. Right? And then finally they figured it out.


They started putting the games on primetime on CBS and it was the Bird Magic finals in 84. And the league took off. And the WBA is blowing it, and they have to fix it. No doubt about these games should be on, not against football, or if you're gonna do football, try to do it so that, all right, Monday night football starts at eight 15 Eastern time, then put A-W-N-B-A game on it. Put a playoff game on at six. So you're getting all the casual fans who wanna like the league. I don't, I I don't, I haven't even looked. I can guarantee you game two or three of the N-B-A-W-N-B-A finals is next Sunday. I really wanted to watch those games today. I'm, I'm like, we have the links pad. I'm like into this. Yes, the Liberty beat the ACEs like, I ridiculous.


Whatcha gonna do next year? They had, I get it, they didn't know what was gonna happen to the league and the Kaitlyn boom and all that stuff. I get this year you can make excuses, but next year there's no excuses. They have to figure it out. I'm holding the feet to the fire. You got another one? I have the NFL concussion spotters because it seemed like Josh Allen got knocked out. Yeah. Like just knocked out and they showed replays and his head hit the turf as hard as you can hit it. And it hit it so hard. He, it did the bounce back almost like a knocked out boxer when the boxer and they go, oh man, that, like that the rep will just stop it if the guy hit the head, hits it twice, he goes out and then he comes back in and is like, yeah, they think he sprained his ankle.


He was like, we have replay, what it like Winky our friend who, who has been the big con, like he was going nuts, right? He was like, just no question that something bad happened. And by the way, he sucked the rest of the game. So I was, I was saying the same thing, like, Hey guys, there's cameras, there's angles, they're showing replays, they're showing everything. You're not gonna get around this. If this is protocol, you gotta test this guy. you can't just throw smelling salts underneath him. And that's that. So yeah, that was a bad one. How about this? We've done what we've done like 13 incompetency groups and we haven't mentioned referees once. I'm not going to, I don't have anything major complaints today, but that's, that's pretty amazing for 2024.


Yeah. That the refs, I agree with you. The refs haven't been that bad. I'll do some quickies. the Bengals field goal holder, Joe House on million dollar picks instead of doing packers minus three, pushing me to do packers over 26 and a half. They were on 24 for two hours. He loves total. He loves them. Yeah. I'm never doing that again. House is like, I, I just, I just wanna bet the spreads to be the over unders are roulette. It's like play ette. It's been black eight times in a row. Bet red, bet red. And I just feel like it's fucking random. I'm not doing that fucking well. The good thing is you can get lucky with off a def a defensive touchdown house. No house could fuck off. Seattle's defense was the only team to give up.


17 plus to New England got murdered last week by Detroit. Give up seven hundred, a hundred seventy five Russian guards to the Giants today. Mike McDaniel. I just wanna shout out, Lombardi nicknamed him the disc jockey two weeks ago. Love it. And it's his best nickname since the clapper and the disc jockey. He was, he was spinning today with Huntley with the 15 points against New England. Who's missing a hundred guys. And then our guy, Raheem Palmer, I'm putting him in the Incompetency Draft really? Texas during the Browns game. I'm done with this stupid Browns team. It's like, why were you not done with the Browns? Like I get staying away from Washington, but you're really betting on Deshaun Watson.


Come on. I thought that was, that was my rat line. I thought, why the hell Washington hasn't punted in three weeks? Why is that line only three browns haven't gone over their team total in forever. Jordan Love pot. Poal will Levis. Yeah, he's on there. Gardner Michu. The Raiders were dominating. It felt like the first 40 minutes of that Broncos game, they drive down, he throws a pick six and the team completely falls apart and he ends up getting bench frayed O'Connell. He ate a booger too, while on the bench. I don't know if you saw it online. So that that wasn't even his worst moment. You know, I saw that on TV and I was like, I hope that, that sure looked like he was eating a booger. Yeah. So that's what it was.


I mean that's what they say. I mean it's from the nose to the mouth. Yeah. I think that's what he did. Yeah. Maybe it was salt. And then DK Metcalf Hench said he has eight fumbles in his career. I thought it was nine since 2019 or something. Yeah, for a receiver. That's spectacular. Horrible. I have a couple more. You, you mentioned Levi. Well Levi, I, I just throw 'em in there. He didn't even play this week. But how can he still be this bad? We saw these three guys, these three rookies pick up the game in less than a month and Levi is still throwing the sidearm into the teeth of the defense. Who else do I wanna say? I think that was, that's a good one. Big favorite big favorites in the NFL.


We covered it, but, okay. Yeah, you're done kicking our ass in money line parlays. Can you just beat teams like the Panthers and Raiders and you know, just give us a chance to win money please. Please. Out there. And can we just go back to some stability? Yeah, yeah. We're the stability of two favorites between six and a half and eight and a half points. And just can I just tease them and Yeah. And win both, both sides please. Yeah. How about the, we'll ease into it. How about just that? The two biggest favorites every week. Don't lose. How about just one of 'em loses. Let's do that. Let's start there. Shit. Can you imagine? I remember I was doing these underdog parlays two years ago. None of 'em were hitting. Yeah. If I was doing that this year, I would. We would've been up a cajillion units.


This episode is brought to you by PayPal Sports fans. I know going to the big games can get expensive. So let's talk strategy. Let's talk how PayPal has changed the playbook. Now you can pay everywhere online, in store, either or both with the PayPal debit card. That's right. Earn a 5% cash back up to $1,000 every month in the category you choose. Like apparel and groceries. Think about it. That's like getting cash back when you're picking up your game day snacks or grabbing a drink with the crew after the big game. I'm talking about real savings. Like that energy drink you keep, keeps you hyped for the big game. Cashback 17th purchase of merch from your favorite team cashback post-game. Extra large pizza. You order like clockwork. You get the idea every payment everywhere every time. Don't just pay PayPal terms and cash back. Limit supply. See PayPal app. The PayPal debit card is issued by the Bancorp Bank. Na pursuant to a license by MasterCard International Incorporated and maybe used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


This episode is brought to you by the Home Depot. It's that time of year. So spread more joy with the Home Depot's. Giant holiday decor. Go big this holiday season with larger than life decor that really hits home. Be like my wife. She'll just go to Home Depot to see what they got cooking. She's always ready to plan for the holidays. Maybe that's a tree you can put together in a few clicks like the Grand Duchess. That sounds great. Or a huge eight foot towering Santa with posable arms at a flame effect lantern that might be in front of my house. Or an eight and a half foot towering reindeer with illuminated flashing bells. That's the holiday spirit at the Home Depot. Shop in store or online now@homedepot.com.


It is time for Guest Alliance Week six. I think you're gonna beat me. 'cause I guessed these 12 hours ago and I didn't, I dunno. I don't know. I was off on a few Thursday night a a shockingly important game. 49 ERs at Seahawks. And if the diners win, both of these teams will be three and three. And if the Niners lose, they'll be two and four and the Seahawks will be four and two. Wow. I think the 49 ERs are favorite. And I'm gonna say 49 ERs by two. All right. You edge me out. I was like, hey, let's start the week with a perfect one and a half, which is my favorite. You said two.


It's a full three. Oof. They didn't like what they saw with the Giants three on the road. Yep. The Seahawks are missing, missing people. And I'm, I'm not ready to write them off yet because they can throw the ball. They didn't do a great job of it today, but they had a bizarre game plan today. Their running backs only had seven carries. They just, the giants were just controlling the ball and that, it felt like the Seahawks kind of panicked when they got the ball. They were like, we can throw in these guys. And they, and they just kind of got away from who they are. You mentioned the Metcalf fumble, but yeah, that offense should be way more in sync than it is. Yeah. The one thing I'll say about this line is don't the Niners, doesn't it seem like they need all the days to get healthy? Like Kiddo doesn't practice on Wednesday, right?


Or any of these guys. Thursday game might be tough for them, especially, I mean, going to Seattle also. But I'd like to thank Juwan Jennings who I've had on my bench for three weeks. And then finally I was like, you know what, you've earned it. I'm gonna start today buddy. 1.9 points for him. The Sunday mark. Oh, we gotta go London game. We're back in London. Oh, good catch. Is Rich Ien still there? Does he just stay there? He doesn't leave. What happens? He's Jags. Bears. This is something technically a Bears home game. Yep. This is something, something really, really horribly incompetent is gonna happen in this game.


And I have a lean on who it's gonna be, but I think the Jags have to be favorite. I'm gonna say Jags minus one. Damn it. Oh, we tie, okay. I had one also. It's one and it's the Bears minus one and a half. Oh Jesus. Lot of love for the Bears. So why do you think that is? They, they definitely have a little bit of a pass rush. There's no question. And they can throw the ball against bad defenses. I would say those would be the two things I would like about them. And what's the, if any, you know, what's the gr what, what kind of advantage do you give spread wise to the Jaguars in London?


Even though it's not technically their home game. Half a point. 'cause they're there. They win there. They're very good there. Yeah. I would say half a point to a point. They're used to going there. And so the Bears on a neutral field is, are that much better then? I think that line flips. Yeah. That's a weird one. Sunday's Marques game, kudos to us. We finally have a Ravens Washington meaningful football game. It's surf war. Can't remember this ever happening. It's a good one. Has it Maybe you would, would they have been good at the same time? Like thousand 12, maybe three. RG three? Yeah. Yeah, maybe like right around there. It's in Baltimore.


I had the Ravens by three and a half. Oh, okay. Good. I get this. I said four and a half. It's six and a half. Oh my god. I'm way off. Way up there. Jesus. There's cheap touchdown potential. Listen, Washington's gonna be able to throw on Baltimore just period. That line's too high. Yeah, they just don't respect them like they do the Bears. Like they only link three to Cleveland. So I guess Washington, the ball doesn't touch the ground when you watch Washington. It's just like completions. They're all over the place. Right? And they have speed. I like it. Watchable Saints bucks is a watchable. Kudos to the NFC South. What a turnaround. What a rehabilitation. I'm excited to watch this game.


I have a, I'm done, I'm done. I'm done with the South. I Go ahead. Give give your number. I didn't say it to bet on it, but I like watching. No, I I had fun on Thursday night. I enjoy watching the Falcons. I feel like I've watched every Falcons game. I have Saints minus three. We're gonna split it. I said two and it's two and a half. What's fun about it, like the NFC South? Like I, I really like, I get it. Whoever should win doesn't win. We get it. Tampa should have won that game. Atlanta won. if you don't finish the game in the last two minutes, then that means you lost it. Yeah, yeah. I get it. It's fine. I, I just, I'm just not interested anymore. Why couldn't I have just enjoyed my Mets and not watch that game?


That sent me on a tailspin at Tampa Loss Lions at Dallas. So I'm gonna change my pick on this. 'cause I would've said Lions minus three, but since she won and look confident, I'm gonna knock that down by a half point and say Lions favored by two and a half in Dallas. Goodbye. You. I said Dallas minus one. I'm still a delusional hopeful fan here, but it is Detroit by three. Oh, you get that? My original Guest was the right guess. Yep. Tough. A little high. That's not a little bit high. I know that. I know they're gonna throw I know, I know you a lot of guys have never heard of on defense.


Yeah. And don't, don't expect them to make a name for themselves. I think they played well against Pittsburgh. This is a little different than playing Justin Fields. Well, you remember in Dallas last year, these two played right? I think it was the Saturday night and they was a controversial call against the Lions that I'm still upset about. I still don't think they got that right. Very, very upsetting. Fairly watchable is Eagles home for the Browns and I, I just don't see how the Browns can't be in the Vegas zone now every time. So I'm gonna say Browns by four and a half or Eagles by four and a half over the ground. I went high. I went seven. It's eight and a half. Oh, eight and a half. Oh Lord.


Oh, that's absurd. I don't know for this, the Eagles or should the Eagles be favored by eight and a half over anybody? Well, they definitely have the rest advantage from the buy and you know. All right. How many points are the Brown scoring? 13. I don't think the Eagles should be favored by that much over any team. What if the Brown score, we were wonder if their coach was gonna get fired over the, by now they're eight and a half point favorites. That seems weird. 13, 16, 15. 18, 17. So if the blackjack, the Blackjack Browns, blackjack Browns 17th stay gross.


Yeah, that's it. Packers are home for the Cardinals Weird Packers game today. They, yeah, they have this tight end that I picked up in all my leagues and he was the delight. Today. He's turned into Rob Gronkowski, Kraft. But Dubs didn't play. Yeah, Watson's hurt. Go figure. So they're down in basically the two receivers in craft, but it didn't really matter against the wins. And you said it, you said you, I think you said love pulled the Levi, right? Yeah. Like you don't usually win a game like that when you give up a pick six. So horrific. It's like 99% chance. Yeah. Oh, I have a, I have a baseball play up Nitpick.


They put the win probability at the top now. Yeah. Yeah. Who is that for? Like morons. I don't know who's that for? Like they haven't, haven't, we've paid enough homage to the nerds that we now have to have wind probability. It's like, oh, the Dodgers are up eight, nothing in the ninth. Their wind probability is 99%. It's like, oh, is it, it's really likely they're gonna win with you. Mitch came back, they were only 10% win probability. It's like, do we need win probability to describe a comeback? Like we, we need a stat to say that something was awesome. Who started this? Couple bad things. Just talk. Watch the game. It's really stupid.


Yes. There's so many other stats I'd rather see than win probability. I like to see what the guy, oh, it was down and then it was up. They were there 3%, then it was 70%. Who cares? Also, it can't be great for viewership. Like if you're telling the viewer, Hey, the, the Phillies have a 93% chance of winning, the viewer might be like, oh, all right, I'm gonna go put on the Liberty in Ace. You know, like, why don't, why do I have to watch? So it's not psychologically baseball. It's the best idea. Baseball, just baseball doesn't want their fans to have any sort of natural reaction to watching. It just has to, you just have to, it's all AI now. Yeah, it's all ai. It's like, oh, I really wish the Phillies could come back here. But the win probability says we only have a 2% chance. Yep. They're done.


ESPN loves that more than anything. I hate it. I I don't like it either. I don't get it. They have it in like the second inning. It's like, ah, 75% chance to win. It's like there's, you need 22 more outs. I don't even believe a million things can happen. I don't even, and in the NBAI hate it the most because like we see someone overcome a 17 point deficit three times a week in the NBA. Right. Right. More. Yeah. Somebody's down 17, they hit five grade. How you making that? 95% like stupid dumb as they the worst. I hate one probability. You just don't like it because you don't understand it. Old say, no. I understand. I understand. You're an old, old man. I, let's just, how about this? I won't, I won't watch the game.


Just, just text me what the win probability is. I'll get super excited. It's like, oh, they're up to 88%. I need to watch the game. Yeah. Anyone tell tells me a win probability at a a party. I, I smack 'em in the face and I move on to the next. Yeah, that's a great point. What if you ever had a sport, a conversation with anyone in a social setting where it's like, Hey, did you, did you guys see the Colts win probability? It's like 78% right now. It's like what? Yeah, I thought it would've been like 67 now everybody's gonna 78. Hold on. I'm gonna tell Bobby every everybody's gonna do this. 78% win probability now. I thought it was gonna be like 65. So Zoe, what the fuck are we doing? Who's gonna hit you with this tomorrow? Who is Zoe's boyfriend's gonna do this to you now tomorrow.


Now everybody's gonna hit you with wind probabilities, Bill, Simmons, eviscerates, wind probability. It's over. Of course. It's my wind probability. Old. He's stupid. You know what, we we're four. We're all right. You have four. I have four. We haven't guessed this one yet. Nephew, Kyle. We want win probabilities after every pick. You understand from now on, it's just seven. My win probability is 53% right now. Just the line. Because I could give up if it gets to 75, I could walk away. There was there one of the Mets games, it was like two nothing in the seventh. And the team had like a 89% win probability. It was like, no, I didn't, nobody trusts a single reliever on any baseball team.


Right. I know. How is it, how are you have an 80% win probability? You're two run lead. No, it's a, I wanna see it won nothing in the third inning. That's when that's when you really, it did it up to the Alonzo. That incredible Alonzo Home. Right? It's like, oh, what was the win probability when he hit that? It's like, oh, it was 96%. It's like, cool. Can I also just enjoy the Pete Lonzo Homer because that was really cool. Do I need a stat? Yeah. I got a number covering his face as he is rounding the bases. I like stats. I'm in the stats, but this, the win probability is too far. Fucking send a packing Packers home for the cards. I I said Packers by four. Oh shit. You get it? I said five and a half and it's four and a half.


Ooh. My win probability's up to 56%. It really might be Chargers at the Broncos. I don't know what, I don't know who's gonna be playing for the Chargers. They've been on a bi-week and they've had a bunch of stat bunch of starters out I hit the bro. Exactly. Yep. Broncos are not bad. This feels like a one and and a half. Yeah. I said two and a half. It's two and a half Chargers favored. Right. That's what you had. I had Chargers one and half. Yeah. Yeah. It's Charger. It's two and half. Yep. Are is Denver. Poor Man's Pittsburgh.


I said to our buddy guys really poor Broncos fan. Yeah. I was like, the fucking Broncos are gonna be nine and six after week 16. And we're all gonna be like, what? How did this happen? How are they nine and six? Let's go through their wins. And each win's terrible. Did he agree? I mean, I wonder how Broncos fans feel about it. I think they're, they're like, shh. Yeah, don't tell anyone. Yeah. Very weird. I mean the, the defense is better than I I anticipated. I mean, Peyton's got 'em going in Bone Hicks got better too. I don't know. Who do you think has the defense right now? Seven. Well the Steelers had allowed like eight points a game before tonight, but, well, I don't think they have the best, I dunno who it's, no, I think it's, I don't think they're the best defense anymore.


Patriots. Definitely not. Let's, let's, let's keep going. Steelers. Wait, who is it? You, you, you, you buried the lead. I don't think there's a best defense. I if you had to. Oh, there's not a best defense. I I think it's Kansas City actually. Yeah. Oh yeah. If I Kansas City, if I the defense to make a stop in the fourth quarter and just like get out, get, get the offense back on the field, I'd pick kc. Yep. Steelers. Steelers at Las Vegas. And I'm gonna say Steelers by three. Yeah. We both got this. It's exactly three poop Fecta Texans at the pets.


Texans. I mean they have to be at least six and I'm gonna say six and a half over the pets. Yeah, you got it. I went light on it. I said five and a half. It is a full seven mm. That pass rush is gonna be a big problem. This is not a game. This star Drake may Well, you know what's a big problem? You're gonna win because favorites of seven or more haven't won in like 13 years or something. So congratulations on the W. They're not gonna win the Patriots at Titans. The Patriots win the win probability went up to 80% once they set the line at seven. It seems impossible. Colts at Titans. I'm gonna say Colts by one and a half.


Come on. I said two. It is one and a half. Hmm. I don't like the way you're reading it. Not like, like you're like you are reading. You're actually reading it off. Well, because I can't see anymore because it's two 19 in the morning. My eyesight's blurry. I'm gonna, the letters bigger. I need to hit all three to tie you. And I'm gonna definitely get one wrong. Col Titan seems like the kind of game Raheem is gonna bet as his wisest pick on the Sunday ringer pre-game show. The South are really tough. This is the week for Will Levi Raheem can't quit. Shitty teams. Yeah. Falcons at Carolina. Speaking of shitty teams. So I don't think the Falcons, I mean, I don't think the Panthers can be getting less than four against any 500 Upteam.


So I'm gonna say Falcons by four in Carolina. That's a good, good way to look at it. I said three and a half, so of course you get it. It's five and a half. Oh, I lose again. Yeah, I, you know, I am done. Unlike Raheem, I'm, I'm done like singing songs about bad teams like all week. I'm like the red rifle Andy Dalton 60 points in two games. Like this is a bad team. If I, if I have to circle it in the pool and get lucky, I'm not gonna brag. 'cause it's, it is just luck. You know what I was looking at today? 'cause I was in Boston going through the FanDuel and I, you know, it's, yeah, I had a bunch of time until the game started. The really bad teams.


So the three worst teams are Carolina and New England and maybe Miami without a quarterback. And like the Bears were three and a half over Carolina. The Pats were like Miami was two and half point favorite. But you figure law of averages, if you're like a two and 15 or a three and 14 team, oh boy, my computer's gonna run outta battery soon. Oh, speed this up. Where are we lose probability is up to 10, 19, 19%. You're good. But you do the 13 minus 13 and a half line on the favorite or the minus 17 and a half. You just go for a blowout. Yeah. Yeah. But the shitty teams get blown out all the time and you get like, they're like five to one, seven to one that there's gonna be a blowout.


Yep. So I was thinking that so that the Bears hit and the Miami didn't, but yeah, it's something the minus nine and a half. Yeah. What was the Bears line? I forget it. You have no juice in your computer? Yeah, we got what was, what was the adjusted? I was like, you probably got five to one or something. No, the adjusted was like, it was probably like four to one thir. 13 and a half, something like that. Yeah. Yeah. That's good. Sunday I Bengals at Giants. I'm gonna say Bengals. Three and a half. Yeah. We both had three and a half. Boy, this was shaping up as a bad, this is all of a sudden a good game. Now the one that I'm watching, that is a good game. That's a really dangerous game for the Bengals. Especially if they have neighbors back for the Giants. Yeah. With the receivers.


We saw it. I feel like they could throw the bus. I love calling the Bengals. You know that Bill? You know it. Oh my God. This is Malik Neighbors. Is he for real? Mike? Is he for real? Just as Mike. I might, I might do the Hickey shuffle right here in this booth. I know. Probability of my pants right now, like 85% Monday. The bill's at Jets. I am going to say Bill's minus three. We split it. It's two and a half. I said two. Congratulations. Another win at 2:30 AM for you.


I'll tell you what, that's a fascinating Aaron Rogers game. Yeah. Is everyone gonna be back on the Aaron Rogers train after they pulled this out And some stupid happens? We're talking all week. Win probability is very high that people will be talking about Aaron Rodgers this week. That's so stupid. You have one Do What's your Mets state of mind before we do Parent Corner? You know, I mean you, you're used to rooting for October baseball and it's freaking brutal. Yeah, right. Yeah. And you just, you just want breathing room, right? So when you're up one, nothing, you got another night that you don't have to agonize. Of course the game's gonna suck. But two split in Philly is all we could have asked for. I feel like, I feel like we're in good shape.


It's been a lot of fun and dovetails into my parent corner. So it's an emotional rollercoaster. Yeah. There's no way to properly explain it or convey it to people who don't care. And it completely submarines your entire month for as long as the team's in there. Yeah. There's nothing else that really matters. You can't really function. Every game is a heart attack. It's, it's, although I guess the games are shorter than during the Red Sox Hey day. So maybe that part is a bonus, but that helps. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's just debilitating. There's no, there's no other way to, there's no other verb. It's a weird adjective, weird TV thing too because the directors are play a huge role in the emotion of it.


Like Yeah. Just the close up to the fans. Cut to the fans or you know, we're not there yet in October. Well, pitchers blowing on their hands and you see the smoke and everything. Yeah. It's just everything is so Ugh. It's nuts. Yeah. I don't wish it on anyone. What do you got for Parent Corner? All right, so, I mean, this Parent Corner would've been a little more effective before the filthy tied up the series one one. But Thursday night when Alonzo hit that home run and it barely went over the fence, but only he knew it was out opposite field and it was a top two met home runs in terms of excitement and emotion. I put like Piazza's post nine 11 home run up there just, you know, probably still first but hits it. It just clears the wall.


And my sons and I were jumping up and down like lunatics and we'd FaceTime Archie at college and I'm running around the living room like a, like the ultimate warrior. And I, I, I stepped on the dog a couple of times. It was crazy. And I was thinking, I'm never gonna forget this. And I don't think the kids will forget it either. And, and I was thinking, how many moments do I have with them that they'll never forget? Oh, T 20, like 20, like big, like big moments where you found not like, Hey, that was fun when we went to the Grand Canyon when I was 13. Like not that, but when Aunt Chip leaked on you actually when she leaked all over us, we were like high fiving and stepping on dogs.


No, but I think there's about 15 to 20 that they'll remember with their dad because it's immediate. Right? Yeah. There are nice moments that come, you know, like when, I don't know if mom comes home and announces she, you got a promotion in American Express. That's nice. Dad says he has Disney tickets. That's nice. But sports are, sports wins are quick, they're immediate and in this case surprising and so emotional. And I just wanna thank Sports. Had the Cowboys lost tonight, I would say sports could go to hell. But I think it's, it's just so impactful and puts together these moments that I wouldn't have been able to create otherwise with my kids. The dog could have done without it, but thank you.


Sports. That's good. Thank you. You know, I agree. I I knew I couldn't not articulate it well. It certainly a huge part of, like me and my dad over the years. I got a bunch of columns out of it and it was a big part of my perspective on stuff. So I I totally get it. And you're right, you have a couple of those and you remember where you were, you remember who you were with, where you were sitting. Yeah. You know, there's nothing really like it. Like even music, if you share musical taste with your kids, and even if you take 'em to a concert, the event is big, but there's not one, here's the announcement, here's the big moment. You know what I mean? Yeah. Just can't compare it to anything. That's a great call. I have a, a little slightly similar one 'cause I haven't been able to really put my son in parent Corner because all of the parent corners, I'm really not allowed to put in the parent corner at this point.


Now that he is driving and just the, the things that are happening every week, I just can't. Right. There's the unedited parent corner. That would be amazing. Dark web parent corner. Yeah. Sadly we can't tell any of those stories, but, so, you know, I'm in Boston and we're doing this live show in New York City tomorrow, but I was in Boston for the U Ffc thing and we both love Pereira. The, the UFC guy, he's, I've never really had a completely favorite UFC guy, but Ben also loves him and we just love him. I bet on him every time I put, I put him with like every football team and, and he was face, he was FaceTiming me after every round. And this was like, he's fighting Roundtree, who you know is, has this, like, he's got this Joe Frazier no neck.


Did you see it? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He's no neck kind of Joe Frazier left, right, left. Yep. And just as immediately, and I knew it from the YouTube clips, I knew I was a little worried for prayer for this one, but then that first couple rounds and, and it's just like, fuck, he's gotta like figure this dude out. And all the fighters I've ever liked in my life. They just, you know, Hopkins was great at this, Chavez was great at this. Like they just, the the, the fight goes along and they just kind of, they're just picking little clues and then they're closing the distance and figuring out, so you could see in the third round, he started to figure the guy out and then he just demolished him.


And we were FaceTiming after and it was like, I think this is the first thing we've had together because he doesn't, you know, he's like, whatever. He, he likes the team sports, but he doesn't really care. He just bounces around. But the Pereira is like kind of our guy. So now we're just like all the way in. So he beat Roundtree. That's great. And, and I just think he's, he's like my first real like, favorite UFC guy. I've liked other guys, but not like this. I thought you were gonna say he was your son, Pere. You did a test or something, but you just Yeah, no, he was great. And did you think, I thought he was losing two rounds to one. Actually, I don't know what you, when you and Ben did you think like, that one ended up, we thought he lost the first two rounds.


Yeah. And it's like, I, you never know with U Ffc, like they had the, a couple of the fights before were a little dicey. The one of the women's fights was really bizarre and Yeah. Yeah. Aldo, the Aldo one, I, you know, I, we thought he won, but, but this one was like shit, like he's gotta win the last three. But you could see, you could see the other guy was wearing down a little bit. And, and that's the thing, one of the things with prayer is like, he just, he always seems the same. Like he comes out, he just stares the dude down. Yeah, right. His eyes, he's like Michael Myers, like, he's completely still, it's like we're doing sounds of Lambs tomorrow and everyone was researching it and Hopkins was saying about how he played Lecter.


He thought it'd be really scary if he was just still, he's like, still people are the scariest. So if you watch Sounds of Lambs, like she comes around, she sees him in the cage and he's just standing there and he is not moving. Some of the best horror movie villains are like, like Michael Myers was like that too, where he is just like in the doorway. Like a and Pere is like, he's like that as a UFC fighter. He just stares you down and looks at you and it's like the most evil looking fucking Who was the guy in season two? Richie ael. Richie ael. Yeah. Scary. Gimme those man. Scary look in his face. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Was yeah. Yeah. He was good with that. So it, you watched the fights and he's in the same shape the entire fight and he just figures it out.


And you could see in the third round, he's like, I'm gonna move a little closer. Anyway, it was really fun to share with you. So you think if you, if you this, I mean this doesn't apply to anyone probably listening, but if you don't like sports and you want your kid to think you're cool, I would say take up watching UFC. Yeah. Well especially the the under 20 generation. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, this ties into the other part of my parent corner. you can start clubs at my son's high school and he started a UFC club. Oh wow. And 80 people signed up. Really? What's involved? They see he's just runs it. They have like a, like a two hour, like they talk about UFC.


Yeah. But it's not physical, right? It's just, yeah, no, no, no. They, they're not fighting, they're just, it's like a fan club. Okay. They'll, they be fighting u like he'll change it, he'll get them's great. No. And Ben will probably turn into Fight Club in the basement of the school. But yeah, UFC Pereira, although awesome, I don't do the, the real pronunciation where they say like, I, I can't do it. I'm just, my, my speech impediment. I can't pe you can't say it. Can you prayer's fine. No. The wind percentage of me saying that right is about 12 wind probability. No, we're gonna try. Yeah. Win probability. Alright, that's, that's Parent Corner. What, what do you have to promote anything against all odds?


We had, we'd go over pro and college football. It's gonna be a little hockey talk this week. Hockey starts and then basketball as you know, through The Ringer with Tate on Wednesday. Cut Andal winning weekend every Friday. Ringer pregame show on YouTube TV and Fandel tv. I'm giving away games for you. What's that? No, met no Mets Phillies games for you? What do you mean going in person going there? No, I don't know. I, I'm, I'm, I'm hoping, well if, if they play the Dodgers or Padres, I don't wanna get ahead of myself, I'll be going to those games out here, but Yeah, it's just tough. Well if they win, they're playing the Dodgers and the Padres, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I'll be hitting those and oh, I'm giving away a brand new 50 inch tv.


Hit me up at the Cousin Sal on Twitter and post a picture of your crappy TV setup. And the worst one wins. And this is coming outta my thing. And that's it. What, what? I'm did a contest. We talked about this. I wanted, I want people who have bad TV stuff, but how shitty does the TV have to be? They send pictures. So just whatever the picture that you decide looks the shittiest, that's, I, if you wanna, if you wanna be in on it, you could, you could decide too. Yeah, I've already got like 25 inches super high. There you go. Alright. Because it is 2 33 in the morning. I can't believe we're still doing a podcast East Coast time. It's fine your time as always.


You did. Good job. Good job by you. Good job by you. Better job by you, Billy. All right. That's it for the podcast. Thanks to Cousin Sal, thanks to Kyle Creighton and Steve Saru as well. Don't forget about Poltergeist on the re watchable on Monday night. Don't forget about The Ringer movies YouTube channel. Don't forget about the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. So bad news, I'm not gonna have a podcast for you on Tuesday. I am coming back on Thursday night. That's gonna be the next podcast. So I will see you then. Enjoy the week.


Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem, call 100 GAMBLER or visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or Text Hope And why in New York.