
Coming up a whole lot of week 18 NFL stuff happened and the Patriots blew it. And I'm really upset and I almost didn't wanna host the podcast. That's next.


This episode is brought to you by American Prime Evil. Netflix has a new limited series. Again, it's called American Prime Evil, starring Taylor Kitch. My guy Betty Gilpin, set in one of the most beautiful, brutal and isolated parts of America in 1857. American Prime Evil is about people fighting over land, culture and survival in one of the most brutal isolated parts of America. All while mother fights to save her son as they try to survive in the wild. This is gonna be epic. American Prime Evil is now playing only on Netflix.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats. Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip, or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you wanna eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week, all season long. Uber Eats the official on demand delivery partner of the NFL. Order Now for game day terms and conditions apply. See app for details.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network, where have new re watchable coming for you on Monday night. It's a movie we've already done. That's the only hint I'll give you. But it's coming on Monday night. You'll be able to listen to it on any podcast platform. You'll be able to watch it on the Ringer Movies YouTube channel, where you can also find on YouTube the Bill Simmons channel, which has all the videos and clips from this podcast. It's where we go live every Sunday night. Cousin Sal is gonna join me in one second. Thank God I'm in a better mood than I was five hours ago, but we are gonna get this rolling first our friends from Pearl Jam.


All right, well, it's a bad sign, Sal, that we're starting a podcast before Sunday night game ends. I had so, so high hopes for Lions Vikings. I know, I, Mike, I, I don't know what happened. I don't know what happened, Mike. Oh, bill, I, you know, this game, these two teams saved the NFL 'cause it was a shitty beyond shit slate for us in week 18. And then one team forgot to show up. Football's funny. So many things to get to. Yeah. I guess. Hey, we won, man. We're winners. That's the big thing. But the Lions one seed. It's great. One seed. Well then hedge it. Hedge. At least some of it with a Viking said.


Yeah. Work out too great. Yeah. Always. So big takeaway from this game. Do you wanna go, we shouldn't have been sleeping on the lions this whole time, or do we wanna go, are we ready to write off the Vikings after that game as a real contender? 'cause I am not. I actually think they just had a bad game where a bunch of shit went wrong and I'm not ready to be like, Nope, that's who they are. Like, I just think it was one of those games and I, and if anything, I wanna buy in on them in the playoffs now, because now I think, I think everybody's off now. It's like, oh, Sam darn. There he is. Oh, the lions kicked their ass. Oh, you just have to rush them. And, and I've watched them all year.


That was a really good team. I just think they sucked tonight. I'm with you. But you know, it was a really good team. That Detroit defense like that was fucking phenomenal. That is the wild card. You didn't expect that to show up, right? Like nothing. All right, so they, you, you, you can go both ways, right? Like Donald missed a lot of throws in the first half open, guys. I know you thought they should have run the ball down low instead of turning it over twice instead of seven down instead seven straight pass place. Yeah. Yeah. So in a, in a way that was a difference. But man, that Lions defense and Anzalone being in there and just stuff in that middle. I mean, that was just a great physical game on every third and three call is met with like hard hits and yeah, lots of good coaching decisions, like high level QB play mixed in with some curious throws.


But that makes me think both these teams are gonna be good in the playoffs, but especially the Lions obviously. Well, we didn't know even this morning, I don't think officially that Anoni was coming back, right? And he had a big impact. Some of the play calls had a big impact. Donald just reverted into pre Minnesota. Darn. Which I think the Lions defense had a lot to do with. But that the, the thing I love, we talked about this last week. The thing I liked about the Vikings and the Bengals was their ability to play, pitch and catch with their receivers when they really needed to. Where was that tonight? They couldn't do it at all. Where was that? On third and seven. Where was that? Around the end zone. Even Jefferson had someone characteristic drops. They never got like the 30 yard pass interference.


They never got the Addison just busting loose for a 40 yard Play Acres was the only one that had like the monster play. But I'm torn because you know, one of my best friends, Jeff Gallo, huge Vikings fan, he's texted me in the second quarter. He is like, this is classic, here we go. This is the Vikings that I've had in my life for 50 years, you know, turning it over on Downs inside the five, they're gonna play all the hits. And, and he was right. It was when they kicked it outta bounds right before the end of the first half. It's like, here we go. Classic Vikings. This is what we do. That was bad. But the thing is, I I didn't feel like this was a classic Vikings, this is what we do team. They were the opposite of that. So I'm still, I'm not ready to sell on them yet.


I think they just sucked tonight. I'm not gonna either. And let's re I I think both of us thought that the lions needed this more, right? Like I felt like the Lions defense wasn't gonna be able to travel on the road. I don't even know about that first game. We'll, we'll get to that when we guess the lions and stuff. Yeah, but I thought they had to be a one seed, right? So they needed it more. They went in there and they bullied him. And Campbell really bullied KOCI thought too, like he had some cra like really like mischievous shit going on like fourth and two definitely should have kicked the field goal to go up three scores. Went to draw him off sides and you kind of have to bite because he actually could go, he's like the one guy who could go on fourth and two. So I think they were kind of bullied on all, in all facets.


And that crowd was great and everything else. But I'm not gonna, I I I look, we were too in on Sam Donald. Well, we're gonna look like Hypocrites. We gotta I still think he's a big contract guy. I don't think it's the pumpkin Cinderella thing. Whatever they wanna say there, but I I think they're all right with Sam Donald Minnesota fans. Yeah. And the Minnesota fans for three, four hours are just gonna be in Funk and all the PTSD is gonna come back eventually. They're gonna look at this game and be like, probably was an intentional grounding in the end zone on golf. We dropped the pick six, you know, we dropped multiple plays that would've either extended drives or Jefferson uncharacteristically. It seemed like he should add a touchdown he dropped that. You just go through and it's like, ah, actually we were right there with those guys and Goff was putting the ball up for grabs just as many times as Donald did in this game.


Yeah. Gibb was, I feel guy in the field not shitting on anybody, but I, I do, I I feel like both these teams could do pretty well and they could meet in two weeks. So we could see a totally different game at halftime. There was no scenario in my head that was somebody was winning by 20 plus. I know. I felt like that's why. And that's what I was telling my buddy. I was like, you're gonna have the lead in the third quarter. It's fine. Then they start driving. Aker has that big run. They're down four. Is he still your buddy? Have you checked? He's fine. He can't make proclamations like that. I'm doing this with him for 40 years. He's Acres is gone. They, it seems like he's just gonna score. They catch him. Yeah. And then they have to, you know, it just, they never got the lead. It felt like as soon as they got the lead, I wanted to see what the Lions team, the other thing that the, I mean to the positive stuff with the Lions defense looked way better.


The home field advantage there. It's just, you know, they were talking about it before the game. How Tony Dungy, I think he says this every year, no matter where they are on location. It's like, guys, I've never heard a place louder than this in my entire career. I think he just does it every year, wherever they are. Yeah. But that place was super loud. Now you have to go through there to win. Their defense is getting better. Maybe they get Hutchinson back by round three. Yeah. The thing that I was the most surprised by, I was without Montgomery, I was worried could they hold leads? Could they keep leads? Would they be able to get these third and three? Would they be able to just keep drives going and didn't feel like they missed him that much? He's so quick Gibbs. Right.


They also look faster he than everybody too. So once he turns a corner, it's, he is in no man's land. You're just not gonna catch him. Are you comfortable with them being the Super Bowl favorite right now? Three to one odds? Is that what it is? I was gonna actually look that up. So they're, yeah, they're the favorites. They're the favorites. Chiefs plus three 50 Ravens and Bill's six to one and then the Eagles seven to one and the Vikings bounce all the way down to 14 to one. So if you want your value 14 to one, it's right there. Except they have to win four games now. So I guess that could make sense. Hmm. You know, them and the Ravens, same situation, right? Where we, this season's so long, we have all these advanced metrics we can look at and you just kind of talk yourself out of anybody's defense being able to do a turnaround and both of those defenses are playing better.


That's probably who I would pick at this point. As much as I hate going against kc, I I, I think that Baltimore Detroit would be the life on the line pick. But the Wise Pick would be KC Detroit, which was I think what our Super Bowl was that Oh, that was the one we bet on. Right? Or you bet on the seeds. Bet seeds on the super. You be on the seeds. The God bless. I collected 26 to one odds on the One Seeds, but myself. Unbelievable. The Super Bowl was Buffalo. I know, I know. I I Well we did our futures draft. You won the futures draft single handedly with 26th to one. Yeah. Yeah. But how about you? 27 and then we'll stop jerking each other off here. But what were you 27 and five with the, with the preseason pick the over Ron Durst 20.


Houston and Arizona both hit today, so 27 and five and all five were like giant losses. That's ridiculous. It was like, I, I didn't come remotely close to the five. It was like Jacksonville, Minnesota. It was all like, but everything else I hit. Yeah, you should probably get minus six for the jets betting the jets over, but no, 27 to five. It all counts. The crazy thing is I really almost took Buffalo. I, it was a seesaw for me that whole summer and the, and I just, we have to see therapy just got sucked in with the Rogers. We therapy and figure out why we want, why we wanna bounce Buffalo from the A FCE spot every August top spot. 'cause we do, we look forward and it's just never there.


All right, so here's what we got for playoffs. Well first of all, we do this every year and one of the things is, I was trying to figure out the league before the year and I was trying to figure out, well we have to have six new playoff teams. That's just the rule. And I couldn't get there. And I think I only picked four or five. Were there six? No, there was, there's four new playoff teams. Yeah. Okay. So we lost Cleveland, we lost Miami. We lost San Francisco and we lost Dallas. Oh shit. We gained Denver, the Chargers, Washington and Minnesota and that's it. So usually it's six, sometimes seven. There might be the occasionally where there's five, four is like a crazy non turnover year four is fine.


Yeah. As well. Let's get the Cowboys back in and then we'll stick to four the rest of the way. Well there was, there was some, you know, like the, the fact that Pittsburgh made it back in and stuff like that. They like some of the weaker teams somehow ran it back. But anyway, we have, they can't be flexed out Pittsburgh. Right. We checked on that. They, they just, after their performance this last month, how do you go from 500 plus yards against Cincinnati to not being able to get a first down four weeks later with all four, with all the same guys on your team, they and all the same guys on since then. I didn't get that. Yeah, so our one seeds are KC in Detroit. We have Denver at Buffalo and the two seven Pittsburgh, Baltimore, three six chargers at Houston.


Four, five, the Shays game, this was on Twitter. This is the eighth time Houston has been in the Shays game since 2011. Is that playoff purgatory? They're eight for eight in those. We just call it the Shab Classic now, right? Yeah. Right. The shaky Shab Classic. Yeah. Shaky shop. I like it. Yeah. Shaky shop. And then Green Bay at Philly, Washington and Tampa, Minnesota at the Rams is the four or five. And that's gonna be, is that the, that's the Sunday nighter or a Monday, Monday night. Many at the Rams. We sent each other what we thought the schedules would be. Yeah. You you, you made an amateur mistake. The, it it had the Monday has to be a four or five. 'cause they have to know before then where they're sending that the winner of that game.


Yeah. So yeah, Minnesota at the Rams, it's SoFi is Monday. Well Amazon is the big winner because they got Pittsburgh, Baltimore on Saturday night, which is a great game. The two best games are Green Bay, Philly and Pittsburgh. Baltimore. Are you surprised that NBC didn't get Green Bay at Philly Sunday night? That was like my big, I was like, wow. They're, they're going with Tampa Bay and Washington. It's interesting. I I think Fox big boyed it. They must have, they must have been able to protect it. I think CBS and Fox each get to protect one of 'em. Right. So if you're, although it is interesting that CBS probably would've wanted Pittsburgh, Baltimore, right?


I can't, I guess Buffalo is the most public around one team because of Josh Allen and the fans. And you get to go there and people are jumping through tables. So maybe, maybe they wanted that. I don't know. Yeah. It hurts less to jump through tables on the morning game, you know, then it would at night, I guess. So the biggest surprises for me, just big picture today, other than that Minnesota, I really thought Minnesota was at least gonna show up. I thought that was gonna be a come down to the last five minutes game. Detroit was great. Cubes was awesome. The biggest surprise for me today was that the Rams didn't care if they were the three seat or the four seat. And it was explained to me multiple ways. I get it. They haven't had a bi-week since week six.


They, they need wanted to rest. They didn't really care where they played. They're gonna play everyone anyway. Right. I, I, I just, I don't know, I just would much rather be in the three seed that now they have to play Minnesota next week versus playing Washington. Yeah. It's no contest. I would much rather play Minnesota than Washington. So I don't know. Was it worth it? I get it. Isn't it so weird, like the different philosophies, like McVay is like, You know what, we, we we're injured. I've seen what this team looks like, injured. We wanna make sure we're in good shape next week. Whoever we play and Dan Campbell's like screw it. This game means nothing. We're starting everyone against the 49 ERs. Yeah. I don't care if we have 20 guys on ir.


It is so bizarre that everybody is so different and you can't like go too crazy about one, one, you know, philosophy over another. But even with that, they almost won that game. The Rams like I know they were winning. Jimmy G wasn't bad. No. Wasn't He wasn't. They sent guys after him and then eventually it caught up. But they were right there in that game. Yeah. I thought if they had won, he would've looked like a genius. And he was really involved on the sidelines. He was then McVeigh is like the number one, that's the, I'm doing a fist pump for people listening to the other, there you go. The he d just, he's doing around, he's got the one move and he just goes, is that a fist? He's supposed, he's like, he's like a fist.


Yeah. With like a, like a overbite face. Right. It's like the guy What movie is that? Where the guy is like, the one guy in the dance floor has one move is the rolling the dice when he is on the dance floor and all he could do is the dice move. Oh no. Right. Do the dice move. That's McVay's fist. Well, he had a guy and he was really into it. Guy was supposed to hold him back. Didn't he have a get back guy for so many years? What happened to that guy? Yeah. Then he, he got married, he didn't need the get back guy anymore. Yeah, right. So yeah, so they're now they're playing Minnesota and the four five, which I think is just brutal because you could make a case that that that game we just wa knocked up. Sir Rudy says, that's the dice move. Thank you. Oh yeah, yeah. Right. Yes. You could make the case. The game that we just watched, those were the two best teams in the league.


Yeah. I don't know if you'd make it after watching Darn for four quarters, but that, especially the first hour of that game, the hitting how people flying around. It was like, Jesus, we've been watching shit football all day and these guys are like, it looks like they're on the all Madden level watching this. Yeah. You know, and then you got Tomlin who was thinking like, you were thinking like, oh, maybe we don't wanna play the Ravens. It's much easier to go against the Texans and the shaky game. Yeah. And they just couldn't get it done. But no 177 yards offense before that last drive. But we're bouncing around. Obviously I had that coming later, but I'm happy to talk about it now. I I really felt like there was a fields play in that game that just to shake it up, try something different just to throw the game outta whack a little, considering that Wilson wasn't doing much anyway.


And Pickens, I don't know what's happened to that dude the last month, but it felt like, hey, just bring fields in for one series and just like show them this. Let's see what it looks like. And yeah, I don't know, they've just seems like they've completely punted on fields and it's like, Russ, this is it. But I felt like they really could have run the ball in Cincinnati and they just couldn't. They just chose not to. That's right. Yeah. Hustle and bustle taking bad sacks and everything. And then you're right, they did drop a lot of balls. I think Pickens was like at 900, a hundred yards away from a thousand yard season and ended up with 8 99. Like it was ridiculous what kind of day he put forward. He was dropping everything so bad that's thrown to him. But I don't know, man. I go back and forth with Tom one, I'm like, this guy, I don't know, you know, all right.


He's just gonna be around nine wins every year. 10 wins one round and out in the playoffs. And then I'm like, holy shit. I haven't liked his quarterback in a decade running big Ben's last few years. How is he even doing this? Getting it going? But you're right. Yeah. Why can't we see fields on the gadget players somewhere in there? And it felt like the first, first half of the season they were way more experimental with that stuff. And then as the season went along, no. Yeah. Tomlin you sometimes you wonder like if he just, he's like the guy at work who once he hits his bonus he just say, yeah, I'm not gonna go in today. He got my bonus. Like Tomlin's, like I got the 10 wins, I'm good. Yeah, it's playoffs now. It's also, yeah, it's an arrogant organization too.


Let's face it. Like they, they bragged about spending less than $3 million on these two quarterbacks. Right? Denver still played, paid most of Russ's salary and it's like, no, eventually you gotta do it. I think like they looked at their division like we can go out and sign a Lamar or try to get like someone like Lamar or look at Joe Burrow. But they were terrified of what happened with Watson. So they looked, they took the bad example in their division and ran away from it and yeah. Eventually catches up to you. I don't mind it. I'd love to know what happened to Pickens. 'cause he was such a key part of everything that was working for them. And to just lose him completely in your offense, it's pretty easy to stop. What a cover. That was one of the co ridiculous covers of the year too. Steelers getting two and a half.


I loved it. The, the other big thing that happened today was this NFC South battle, which I'm proud to say I had no dollars on. It just seemed like a complete stay away. And I was, I was just living vicariously through the text of you and some others who had fallen into the, the friendly fire of those two games. And it ends up with the, with the bucks, squeezing it out. There was like 14 points during both games where you thought the other team was gonna win or something bad was gonna happen. It was the best moment of Bryce Young's NFL career. He was super fun to watch and it really seemed like New Orleans was gonna beat Tampa Bay.


And then Baker who? Sal, I gotta say I think he's number three for me for MVP behind, really behind Josh and Lamar. I'd put him over Borough. His team won 10 games. He threw 41 touchdowns. He, he over and over again made plays with his legs. There was a whole month where he just had no weapons at all. He had a rookie running back. I don't really love his coaching staff. Right. I just felt like he dragged that team to 10 wins and over and over again came through for them. So he was, he was great. He was amazing. And he did it again. Definitely top three. Fun to watch. And our friend hench points out like when does a guy get legs in his seventh season? If you look at his Russian yards this year. Yeah. Compared to the first six, whatever, it was just spectacular.


But I wasn't able to enjoy it. But I had so much money on Tampa Bay to win the division and all sorts of money line parlays with Tampa Bay on them. I really felt like Peshy being led to the basement. Like halfway through the second quarter when the Saints were up two scores, I looked down to see if the floor was covered in plastic. And I was like, oh no. Okay. But Acre fought for me. It was beautiful. Really? He really did. And game is over and they're like, wait, we, we gotta get Mike Evans this bonus. It's like, whatcha guys doing? It's not like it was week 14. It's like you're trying to get to the playoffs. I'm all, I like Mike Evans, I like records. But that was, and And it really seemed like they're clearly throwing it to him. Yeah. I don't know why New Orleans, like the moment the ball wasn't snapped, why aren't you just running a straight line?


Why don't you have two guys on Mike Evans? Like you actually have a chance to get the ball back. How about eight guys? That's the only reason they're snapping the ball, not taking a knee, is to throw it to Evans. Put, come on Clogger. The crowd's clogging off cheering. They're chanting for Mike Evans. It's like, it's like fucking nine guy's touching a screen. Of course. It's so yeah, those incentives. It's like, I played Madden with, with Ben this weekend and he was Miami and he just kept trying to throw to Tyreek Hill. So eventually I just brought another guy over and I was just, I, I was like, I know you're throwing a Tyreek Hill, but now I'm gonna put this guy here. Yeah. The Saint should have had four of those guys just trying to, you know, about a tip or something. So they win and at the same time Atlanta's about to go in overtime with Carolina, but then realizes that the dream is dead and Carolina wins an ot.


But it was a rollercoaster ride. You know who didn't deserve to be in the playoffs though? Atlanta? Yeah, you're right. Some of these teams, it worked out like Miami didn't make the playoffs. You know, who should have made the playoffs? Miami, you know, who deserved to make the playoffs? Cincinnati. So I feel like we landed in the right place with, I think you're right. Who's the worst playoff team for you? Well, right, it's just the way they're playing It's Pittsburgh. Probably Pittsburgh. Yeah. The way Houston they're playing. But I know that's gonna be, that's gonna be a close game probably in the fourth quarter. Oh yeah. Houston, I don't trust too much either one of those. A FFC teams I think. Yeah, Atlanta, Roger Goodell must hate Atlanta because we didn't realize it, I don't think. 'cause we did the podcast right after that Atlanta, Washington game.


They fucked up four games this week. There would've been four games that what meant something. Including the Rams game. Right. Including their game, you know, Carolina and what a and the Washington game would've mattered too against Dallas. Like Goodell ha must have a Raheem Morris Voodoo doll. No one's happier. That Atlanta's not in than Roger Goodell. Well I don't understand how they picked the games yesterday. I don't understand how Baltimore Cleveland was one of the games Baltimore ended up where they were like a 21 point favorite. Yeah, right. There's no world where I'm unlike my stupid team that we'll talk about later. There was no world in Cleveland is ever threatening to ever win that game for one second. So you have, you have these two Saturday games and the first game is just abysmal.


You know, it's like Bailey Zappy, what has he got going? And I don't know, I would've put, I think I would've put Pittsburgh, Cincinnati, and Miami Jets as the two Saturday games. And then both of those teams are still alive technically. And then then right, you go into Sunday and then Denver has to take care of business either way. But I think that was the way to do it. That's exactly, I thought sometimes maybe, I think they screw with the fans. They're like, let's see, this is a meaningless spread. It's gonna be the biggest of the year. Let's see how many eyeballs we get on this game. Oh good. Football still works. Everybody watch. Exactly. Dtr, it's, it's like a test tube situation. Yeah, exactly. Or like GA's. Just mad at who had the game yesterday? It was ES, espn.


Yeah. Well good. He's like, you're putting Orlovsky and Riddick in this game. Oh my God. I'm giving you Baltimore Cleveland. Right. We're gonna serve a three day old meatloaf at the school lunch. See? See if people still buy. Oh wow. They're hungry at around noon and Interesting. All right. That was nuts. Well anyway,


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn in basketball, blockbuster trade can make or break your playoff run before the deadline. GMs across the league scour for the right data and insights. Hope their moves pay off. February 6th trade deadline this year, by the way, just like in basketball, growing your small business in 2025 all comes down to how well you can build your team. That starts with better insights from LinkedIn with unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn has the strongest hiring data and insights to help you identify the right professionals so you can make the best hiring decisions. LinkedIn pairs you with the high quality candidates you need to make your business grow and flourish. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities who isn't? That's a big pool of people you don't wanna miss out on. And who knows, one of them could be your next all star player. So hire smarter in the new year. Find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. Once again LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by RI. I love sports. I know you do too. I also know that lots of you exercise, but if you're like me and my wife, the the beloved sports gal, you're sick and tired of ugly, uncomfortable workout gear especially, you know, I do a lot of walking. I walk around la I make calls, I listen podcasts. Here are two words that will change everything. Re clothing, a line of active wear that is unbelievable. The best thing about re is you can lounge around in it, you can work out in it, you can go outside, you can go shopping down in your local wherever. And you never feel like you're either underdressed or overdressed. You're just comfortable. You can wear it when you're training, traveling, lounging around the house. Go get yourself some of the most comfortable and versatile clothing in the planet. Here's the deal, our listeners get 20% off their first purchase at vui.com/simmons. Once again, VUOR i.com/simmons.


Today it seemed like the early games were gonna be the least amount of fun possible. Yeah. And then all of a sudden complete chaos. And unfortunately my team, one of the most devastating days in the history of the franchise. Come on. Come on. Alright. Maybe it wasn't, no, but it was, when I think of like the dark dumb days in the history of the team, since I became a Patriots fan with Jim Punkin and Mac Heron and everybody, when I was like four years old, this has to be in the top eight or nine. It's just a complete organizational collapse disgrace. It made no sense.


Made no sense as it was happening. Every other team, the fucking chiefs knew how to tank. Right. The chiefs like, here's, here's Carson Wentz just handing the ball off and then we're gonna bring in our third string quarterback. The f the i I don know what to tell you. So I don't know what I don't. I I, we had the first pick and now we had the fourth pick. Yeah. We moved back three spots every single round. Right. And one of my friends texted me, it was like we traded the first pick for the fourth pick and got nothing in the trade. Right. And we moved back three spots every round. It was one. And we gave up all these potential assets that came with the pick.


And the thing that kills me is they fire the coach right after the game. They knew they Oh, didn't like that for at least a week. So you're letting this guy make the, basically he's trying to win and the offensive coordinator, they're trying to win because they don't know if they're gonna be there. They're trying to coach for their jobs. You gotta get rid of those guys if you know you're gonna get rid of them after the game, why not get rid of them before the game? Why not put this decision in the hands of people who care about the big long-term picture of the franchise instead of trying to win the game? All right. I mean, I'll give you that. Maybe they should have fired 'em before the game. But I, I just, I know people who root for bad teams and then they just never end up rooting for their team. They just end up rooting for draft pick year after year and they just never get to root for their team to win.


This is three hours. It's three hours of my life that I never had to think about this game again. Whole month. The whole last month you were thinking about it. Yeah. Well what, what was the year Love Smith did this, what was it, two years ago? Yeah. I think it was two when he was just like, yeah, fuck it. And he ends up and he was gone. Yeah. And yeah, and he was gone. And that he left the team with a nice shining turd on the sidelines. Well, I mean, let's put a pin in this already. Like tanking kind of just doesn't exist in the NFL because like first of all, three teams were in line for the number one pick in the last three weeks. And they all won. Yeah. Did did it the Raiders. Raiders, the Giants and the Patriots. No, but in the last three weeks all those teams had a one. I know. But Tennessee knew the job today. Cleveland knew the job yesterday. It's three hours. I don't think it happens. What? Joe Milton look good for a quarter.


It's like, all right, you gotta go Joe Mil. What's the guy? How many quarterbacks do you think you have? Joe Milton's your best quarterback. Kyle already won in Jersey. Joe. Joe Milton was fantastic. I would've started both rookie receivers, the guys who have had no catches all year, Drake may they at least figured that out. But that took five days for them to figure out. But he, here's how I would explain it to somebody who didn't know anything about this. If you owned a company and you had, I don't know, hundreds of people that worked for the company and you had the single biggest decision of the year for that company that had the most financial and business implications possible and you gave it to, I don't know, let's say your friend Harry as the president and you're like, like I know I'm firing Harry next week.


It's getting good. Yeah, I know I'm gonna fire him on Sunday night and this decision is gonna be Sunday morning. Should I just let Harry make this decision for the company right before I fire him? Or should I try to figure out what other people who are gonna be here next year what the best decision is? You know what, I'll let Harry do it and then I'll fire him right after. It makes no sense. Right. No normal business operates this way. You don't turn over the biggest decision normal year. It's under your business. It's not this, this was normal. You just have to lose the game. You shouldn't, you shouldn't have hired Harry in the first place is what I would say. But it's like, and you got people paying to watch this business on a given day. Like they all, they were root for them to lose. I dunno, I don Dunno not Kyle. He's got the Joe Milton jersey.


I'm telling you, Kyle was devastated. Kyle was the most upset of anyone I was texting with during the game other than my dad who you have to trade. Drake may, of course he's devastated. Yeah. They had, I don't know, they were in the capper seat. They already have a franchise qb. They're gonna have the number one pick but like by within two hours we're like, wow, the two QBs, no, nobody even likes them that much in this draft. Maybe we couldn't have gotten that much for them anyway. Right. It's just, it just speaks to what this whole season was like. Which was owners who don't know what they were doing, a front office that dunno what they're doing. And a coach who had no idea what he was doing and contradicted himself over and over again starting in August when he was like, it's gonna be a competition for this job. Then starts per set even though May was better.


And then four weeks in he is like, well, may was playing better so he's gotta start. It's like, well wait, you, you actually said that wasn't what we, but now we And it was just contradictions left and right and he deserved to be fired. Listen, that's fine. But now you have three coaches in the last three years. You're like the Panthers with the one and dones. Congrats. You root for the the New England Panthers. I know. And now it's like you can't talk about patriot lore and whoa, we have, we have grit and we're gonna go, we have staying power and all that. You're like, everybody else put Brady. Unfortunately. I know. We're like everybody else. All we had a chance to have a franchise could be. And the number one pick in the draft. You got, you got the, it's three hours outta your life. Like we do this all the time in basketball. It's like, oh these two weeks are gonna suck but it's all gonna be worth it 'cause we'll be in this spot after it's done.


This was three hours. I think it's very difficult to get tanking to work in the NFL. Think Buffalo did it. You have to have the coaching staff, the players and the front office on the same page. Maybe the Giants did it today. Exactly. They didn't do it. They didn't do it in the last two weeks. And the NBA, it's as easy as checking in at the scorers table. This is diff it's just different. It just is in the NFL. But you just, you just laid out exactly what the problem was. You need to have the players, the coaching staff in the front. Well you, the players are gonna do whatever they're trying. They're always gonna play out. They're not gonna, you need the coaching. They're always gonna try. Yeah. You need the coach, the front office and the owners Right. All to be on the same page. And when they're not on the same page, dumb shit like today happens because you have coaches who have different motivations for what's best for those three hours than the front office and the owners and my, so some people are like, do you think he fired Mayo because they were supposed to lose that game and they didn't.


I think they knew they were firing him the whole week. They had like this long statement ready, you know, an hour and a half after the game. But this is just, this is what the whole really, the whole year has been like dating back to the Apple doc dating back to this process of hiring a coach that was never a coordinator before. Not really hiring a gm, not spending money. And this was the worst team in the league that somehow doesn't have the worst pick. But take me through it. We'll figure that out. We involved in, in losing today, like the bills played Josh Allen won play. Right. Or once series whatever. So the bills Trubisky Trubisky is like actually pretty good. And they're like, all right, gotta get the bills wanted us to win. They bring in Mike White and they're just cleaning the ball up over the middle so they could give the ball back to us.


So it's a staring contest. So like maybe, I don't know, you you, you know, it wasn't like you started everybody. You were throwing bombs every play. It was just a weird, weird game where bolt teams, well Joe Milton was great. And by the way, kudos to Joe Milton. He was awesome. This was his one chance to shine. Yeah, he's your guy. That's it. And he was really good. But this is really why you need a fourth quarterback. This is where you need a Bailey Zappy. You need a, I mean it doesn't just take a knee. You could take a knee every play, but whatever. Well, but this is when the offensive coordinator's not on the same page and it's like just can you just keep hand the ball off and have guys run into the middle line? Can we just keep doing that for a while? We 18 sucks. Let's just say that We could just agree to that. And every year I'm like, I'm never betting on this again.


And then I bet on it I had Buffalo, I also had Houston. 'cause I love Houston. You lo, you lost your wise wager. Yeah, I sat my starters. I bet Tennessee you did. I was like, they're two and 14 against the spread and that's why I gotta warm up for the playoffs so I'm not starting anyone go. But I felt like today was like a little bit of an outer body experience. We're used to the 1:00 PM slate being kind of shit. Right. But we saw so many backups today. It reminded me like of a high school reunion where you're like in the corner of the room, like you're sipping cheap wine and staring at name tags. You're like, oh there's Marcus Mariota. I know Trey Lance. Oh wow. Jimmy G. What's he up to? Jimmy G. And then like, I'm gonna go over and talk to him. Yeah. Jimmy, how's the Jimmy?


Jimmy, you you still living in Los Angeles? Yeah. What's up? What's up with the divorce? And then like Davis Mills corners you and spends like 20 minutes showing you pictures of his vintage Chevy. And you're like, all right, I'm good. I'm good. Let's, let's get to the playoffs already. This sucks. Who is the Bailey Zappy? Yeah, the whole weekend. This is great. Shes reported there's a trade. The Pats have traded down from the first to the fourth pick and they've dropped three spots and every round after that in return for Jack, shit got nothing. Got zero to do that. Yeah. I haven't seen the specs on Jack shit.


I'll have to. Is he a linebacker from the quarter shape? He's a quarterback. Undersized, scrap. There's your quarterback. Kyle say Kyle say get you a Jack shit jersey because that's who we traded the first pick for. Oh man. One thing I was thinking, I mean at least they realized that they don't have the coach and they got rid of Yeah. Poor Mayo who you know, was put an impossible spot who didn't know how to be a head coach. But I was looking at the coaches who made the playoffs? Andy Reed, Kevin O'Connell, Tomlin, both Harbaugh, Peyton McDermott, Dan Campbell, Matt LaFleur, DKO Ryans and then Dan Quinn, Todd Bowles and Sirianni as the last three.


Those are probably the Shakiest three out of all the playoff coaches rights. Pretty good batch. Not that it just makes me think like coaches and QBs what you, if you could just figure out those two things, you're probably good. Yeah, that's a good, that's a good starting point. I'm hoping love is a hundred percent. I'm hoping Herz is a hundred percent so we don't waste a couple games in there. But yeah it seems like all the quarterbacks, most of 'em be solid. Got her there. Yeah, I think Vrabel is probably the favorite. 'cause he was Patriots Hall of Famer and I think he wants a job and he has a relationship with Kraft and he is a fucking awesome coach and I can't believe nobody, I can't believe he's available. I don dunno why somebody has that already hired him. But you think he used the Jets to nudge the Patriots Get hundred thousand percent get that firing us.


No question. No question. Yeah. Well that's probably the bigger reason they fired Mayo then today. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because he's five teams are gonna one of 'em. Flores would be interesting too because he has Patriots. DNA was with the team, really good coach. Coach somewhere else. So would be his first job. Those would be my top two. But Vrabel, I always thought, I just always thought Vrabel was a top seven, top eight coach. He'll be in good shape if you get him. Jack sch shit's high school coach is his name is in the hat. Well that's the thing, once you have Jack sch shit, do you, do you get Jack sch shit's college coach. Doesn't matter who coaches bring him on. So Denver edged out Miami and Cincinnati. That was another thing.


Thanks. Partly to the Chiefs who wanted to make it clear from the first minute where you have no interest in competing in this game. I actually kind of like the Chiefs plus 11 and a half. I think I put them in a tease once that went north of 10. I'm like, oh the, the books know more than we do here. They, they know more because it becomes more about, more than Carson went, wants to try out for his next team. It's like Carson went with is with the third string. Everything, you know, everything cars went isn't throwing a, you know, all, all, all these, all the studs so doesn't matter. He's throwing the white receivers. Right. Steelers. Bengals the day before. And we all got to get excited about the Bengals one last time I realized the Bengals just existed for content.


That's about it. Fun to talk about. Yeah. To get a borough MVP conversation out of it. Talk about T Higgins. Is he gonna be back? He could replay the montage of all the games. They almost won. You'd be like, you don't wanna see them in the playoffs, but ultimately they had no chance. 'cause Yeah. The Chiefs had no real reason to compete in that Denver game. Yeah. So we just got free content for a week for nothing. Right. You talk to your kids about the fantasy studs and everything. But you know, a although I will think, you know, as borough, as great as he is, I was looking at their eight losses. I think Mahomes and Allen won a couple of those. I I think that's kind of the difference between he, he almost lost the one yesterday Saturday. Yeah. Yeah. I know it.


It would've been a perfect Bengals game and a perfect Steelers game if not for the end. Well he definitely seemed like he got concussed in that Steelers game. Yeah. They, they get really loosey goosey about some of these. When a guy lands face down, there's a giant thing of turf. He stays down for a while and then they show him on the sidelines after the commercial. And it looks like he thinks he's in like Antarctica. Yeah, I'm, I'm pretty sure something made the, something happened that maybe the blue tent didn't accurately capture. Yeah. Cadel has fired the director who took the shot him on the sideline And it like, let's not, that's one too many. We don't need to show this guy's. Yeah. Why are you lingering on him like that? His eyes are rolling the back of his head. Show some terrible towels, people chewing on terrible towels enough.


Yeah. So big picture with the Bengals. You know they're gonna be in the same spot some of these other teams are in. If they bring back T Higgins, you're paying 40% of your salary cap. Right. For a QB and two receivers. We just watched Miami do this. I don't think it works, I don't think it's sustainable. Miami completely fell off a cliff this week. Now they started to realize during that Jets game, I think that that ship had sailed for them. The Tyreek Hill stuff was super weird after the game. Mm. And has been kind of weird all season. He is a little bit of the NFL's Jimmy Butler in some ways where it never seems like he's happy for more than two months and there's weird press conferences and sometimes all of a sudden he is not playing.


But then after the game he just seems like he's outta there. So seems like a big no one goes off like he did, right? Yeah. Like I want, I didn't he say I this place like this is Yeah, he had a weird year And it would've been nice about Miami. I know they knew their season was over. How about win a game in cold weather so people could shut up about it for a second. Yeah. And it wasn't just Tua like it's a whole team like just melts ironically, but Oh, I'm saying this chef said the Pats traded his second round pick from Mike McDaniel. That's pretty good. That's not bad. Come on. That's not bad. Why you torture me? I got you. Little bit. I understand how upset all the Pats fans are.


A little bit. I thought is Mike McDaniel as he coached Jack shit or no? Yeah, the Tyreek thing's weird 'cause they gave him that extension, which makes him harder to trade. He's in his thirties now. I don dunno if he's the easiest guy year to year and I don't know what his market would be. And we've watched receivers over and over again. They hit this stage of their career and it's like, whoa. Tyreek Hill's available. But it's like, okay, what does that mean? It's like, oh, Devonte Adams is available. Okay, cool. Yeah. I nothing against Tyreek Hill. One of the best, there's been the last five years, whatever. Yeah. One of the best of the last 10 years. You watch college football, you're like, wow, there's studs all over the place that anyone could grab in the third round and look at the backlog for Hall of Fame.


Like there's a ton of like really good wide receivers who aren't gonna get in the Hall of Fame. So Yeah. That might not be the position to, you know, stage a protest. I think the difference with him was we left last year and I think he was the guy at Receiver and really for the last, for probably the last two or three years. Like Lombardi was just calm the tilt the field guy. He was like the number one tilt the field guy. I think that's gone now and it's partly not his fault because of what happened with Tua and the QBs, but it feels like Chase kind of took that spot this year and Chase's stats. I was looking at some of the league leader stuff. Chase was over 1700 yards.


It's 17 tds. Yeah. And you just felt him in every game, you know, and that, that's where Tyreek was. And the league leader stuff was interesting. Nobody threw for 5,000 yards. Even though we had 17 game seasons. Burrow came the closest 49 18 Saquon was the only 2000 yard rusher. Henry and Cook both had 16 rushing tds. Chase had 17 passing and then interceptions, we had a tie. What happens for with the bets? With ties? Oh, it's a dead heat. I think you just split the, you split the loop like half your bet wins and half of it loses. So, so cousins at Mayfield, ironically my number 3M VP 16 interceptions for him Boswell had 41 field goals.


Wow. 40 plus field goals is that's that's nuts. Yeah. Nuts. It's like two and a half a game. And then Hendrick options led the league in Sacks was 17 and a half. My, my Hutchinson bet died. Hendrickson leads in Sacks Triple crown for for Chase at Receiver and Burrow has the most yards. Terrific. Yeah. And Chase Brown got hurt otherwise, you know, whatever. I'm looking at your Tyreek Hill. Yeah. In terms of you, you figure like he always had a long of 45 at least, if not every game, every other game. He had an 80 yard catch in September 8th game one after that. His long was 30. Really? And he did it twice. Yep.


I'm looking at these. Wow. I wonder. Unbelievable. I wonder do you think defenses started to figure 'em out a little bit better? Or it must be? I don't know. I mean it's not like he got a lot of past interference calls for him. Yeah. That's weird. What's a It was a weird year for him.


Well, speaking of Tyreek, it's time for today's clear bundle segment presented by our friends at State Farm. Huh. Though it's tough to crown the best play in football history. No one can deny the magic when the right two players work together to pull off the unexpected. Like the play that led to you becoming a, a Crazy Cowboys fan. Right. Oh, the rock stall back in Drew Pearson. Yeah. All right, I'm gonna go with that. Did you watch that one? I did live. Were watching lives. It was very small. Yeah. And I've seen it. I feel like there, there's a lot of crap there. I I don't think he pushed off. You think there was a push off? Watch it again. I don't know. I think everyone was assaulting each other back then. Alright, so it's hard to say pretty physical. Yeah, I remember it was definitely one of the first ones I saw. I'm trying to think the, the synergy with the two players that Root played for my team is Mossa Brady. That one year. I've never seen anything like that. There. There was a couple regular season games when it just, it felt like they could have had like seven seven TD connections each one. So I think those are my favorites. You know what else is better together? Better than Moss and Brady. Bundling your home and auto insurance with personal price plan from State Farm Personal Price Plan lets you call the place so you can choose the right coverage at a price that's right for you. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan. Plan Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Who's your favorite neighbor? My favorite neighbor is Andy The Fireman next door. No wrong answer. I hope I don't. Your favorite neighbor is State Farm. Oh damn it. Oh. Prices. State Farm number six but Okay. Prices are based on rated points that vary by state coverage. Options that are selected by the customer. Availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


Okay. My favorite neighbor's, Jack Shit, he lives on Main, like five 12 Main Streets right there. He's a good guy. Barbecue


You can save every day by shopping at Whole Foods Market. Seriously, don't just go for their big sales. Walk the store and see the savings for yourself in the meat department. Look for yellow low price signs on Whole Foods market. No antibiotics ever. Chicken breast and ground beef quality, flavorful meats, priced just right. Perfect for big dinners with plenty leftover for tomorrow's lunches. There are so many ways to say that Whole Foods Market now. You know,


this Message is a paid partnership with Apple Card. If you wanna take control of your finances, apple Card is where it starts. A credit card that can give you up to 3% daily cash back on every purchase. I have one. I can tell you this is true. I know and love Apple Card. So many places I can use it, especially during a busy time of year with football, basketball, the holidays, all at once. I can use my Apple card on tickets to a game, a gift for my dad, or even tickets as a gift for my dad. Plus, anytime there's a new Apple product, it's a lot easier. Apply for an apple cart today. It's easy. Just go to the wallet app on your iPhone. Again, that easy. Subject to credit approval. Apple Card issued by Goldman Sachs Bank, USA, salt Lake City branch terms and more@applecart.com.


End of the year stuff, only five teams. Were within a half game of their actual over under. Hmm. Usually I always feel like Vegas has like half of 'em nailed. Exactly. It wasn't the case this year. Yeah. The biggest, the biggest under unders were Cleveland and San Francisco were both five and a half wins under their, under jets and Jacksonville were four and a half and the bears were three and a half. So whatever Vegas thought three and a half worse for the overs. Minnesota was, ended up six and a half wins over. Yeah. Washington five and a half. Denver. Four and a half in Philly. Three and a half, so and so what about the biggest outlier game of the year?


It has to be the Raiders beating the Ravens. Yeah. Or the Pats beating the Bengals in in week one, but neither one made the place. Some of those, some of those September ones. Yeah. I think we have to make a mental note next year. Just first two weeks. Just put a giant salt shaker on your shoulder. Yeah. Don't, don't overthink it too much. How could you say salt shaker on your shoulder so easily and collinsworth still can't say pass rush and I can't say Collins word. Yeah. How is that possible? He's salt shake. Yeah. Salt shakers have, he's got some s salt shakers on his shoulder. I have a, I made an end of the year rock bottom rankings for you. Rock franchises, rock bottom, who's the deepest rock bottom right now?


I think it's the Browns number one. They, yeah. Three and 14. They lost their last five. They lost eight more games than they lost last year. Right. Their last three games, they scored 16 points. They have two more years at Deshaun Watson and they have a top two pick, which they kind of stumbled into and didn't seem conceivable, but now they have the, the second pick in this draft that everybody's already like, I don't know about these quarterbacks. And yet they're gonna have to take one. Right. Or you think they're gonna have to trade back? No, they have to trade it. Yeah. They, they have to just keep trading picks. They have to say, sorry fans, we fucked up.


We're gonna be bad for the next three years. It's our fault it's not yours. You'll still have to pay top dollar to get into these games, but we're gonna have to do some maneuvering to, to get these draft picks back to get some capital back. I, I really feel that's the way to do it. They're not a quarterback away from winning and they, they're already paying a ton to keep the terrible one. So how many teams would actually trade into this draft? And do you like some of the stuff I was reading the last week as I was trying to figure out what the pass could get for number one before we traded down to take Jack shit, the, like, Diana Rossini had a thing about the quarterback saying how Yeah, if Sanders and Cam Ward were in last year's draft, they would kind of been in that pennix Drake may range.


Right. So if that's the case, that makes me think they're probably not going one and two, because usually we see teams reach for QBs, but not if people not, if the grade for them is like mid first round, early second round. I'm so glad we have Todd McShay this year, plus our ringer draft guys. I'm sure this is gonna be huge topic, but I I just, we, we rarely see teams reach like that for quarterbacks that people aren't even positive are gonna be above average starters. I don't think there's gonna, I don't think the buzz is gonna grow for Shado Sanders. In fact, there are some experts who think he's like mid second round at this point, but I think like whatever personal momentum he has is carried that's it's gonna plateau.


And so it by that regard, I don't know if that's, you know, Travis Hunter's a nice player. Cam Ward, again, a little bit shaky, but as far, if you're gonna go for a quarterback, but I don't know who I'm looking like Kelvin Banks, they talk about the Patriots taking an offensive lineman. Nobody's climbing. There's two linemen, these guys. Yeah. It's like, it's fine. I'm sure these guys are good players and everything, but it's not like it's been in, in years past. Like, I like when the Cowboys started winning and I was like, all right, I don't know what the difference between 10 and 17 is at this point. Still gotta get lucky. Yeah. Sometimes there's this draft where you get the number one pick. Like we had at the year we took Ken Sims, it was like four, the 1981 draft. We sucked the whole year. And it, it just turned out to be a year where Ken Sims was the number one pick need this to say not a lot of Ken Sims jerseys still around.


Then you end up with another year, like last year where he goes Daniels in May and Caleb Williams in the top three. And it's like, holy shit. You know? And then you go through that. I mean, that's gonna end up being an iconic draft. Sure. Yeah. The, you look at the first round of that draft, there's like 15 potential all pros in it. Yeah. You know, so it could be a lull. This could be the year could be a low draft. Jack, Jack shit will go, I hope Jack shit is, could go higher. His girlfriend if like, if she's looking at her cell phone when he is drafted, like he's not gonna elbow her unnecessarily. So we both think Browns are one. I was thinking for rock, for true rock bottom, not having a coach or a quarterback I think is that that's when you're really rock bottomy.


Right. So Tennessee I think has to be second. Yeah. Three and 14. I don't know what they saw from their coach this year, which makes me think he's the coach l is so bad that they started him because they knew he would give them their best chance to lose. I wish we had had l today, Joe Melton's like a hundred times better than Leva. So there're two. But at least they have the first pick in the draft. But as we said, it's a down draft. Right. Giants, I would have three. They're in the same boat except they're bringing back day ball. Yep. And then and Shane. Yep. Would you, would you put New England, Jacksonville, Indianapolis, and the Jets? Who would you put next?


I think the Jets have to show me something before I, a coach or a quarterback before I think about Yeah. Until then they're, they're a joke of the franchise that everybody claims they are. And the win today over Miami is not showing me something. Sorry. It's just not there. Yeah. So then, I mean I, I honestly think Indianapolis would probably be fifth and then you would have Jacksonville, new England right after that because Indianapolis, I don't think they have a quarterback and I don't think they have a coach. Yeah. But the season, would they finish like eight, nine or seven? Eight, nine? I think seven and 10. Yeah. They're somewhere in there. Seven or eight wins. Which fools you into thinking, oh, maybe we're not, not that far away. But I actually think they're far away.


Well, I mean far away from what I mean that's the division you wanna be in if you need to grow. Right? Yeah. Indianapolis was eight and nine, so they ended up like two games behind the division winner. Yeah. But you and I I think are both a little hesitant on backing that quarterback. Is there anybody you would throw anybody else you would throw in that for rock bottom? Because like the Bears have Caleb Williams, the Pats have Drake may like, there's at least things you can grab onto. The only reason I put the Bears in there is 'cause I think the Packers, bikes and lions are gonna be good for a little while here. Don't you? Like, you kind of have to look where they reside and I don't know. They resided, they murdered our exact order pick. I know.


We should have just gone under eight and a half and, and to not make the playoffs that was easy was plus one 50. Yeah. Shit. So stupid. A couple of my friends were asking, 'cause we were talking about how we did so well in the over unders. Like was there juice on those when, when we picked them for the most part, they were always like minus one 50 and minus one 20. If there was crazy juice. We probably mentioned on the podcast, like, I remember Pittsburgh under had a lot of juice. The bears under had a lot of juice. It's the Cowboys under had a lot of juice Right. Going the other way. 'cause they didn't want you to bet it. So there's probably like 10 didn't. But for the most part they were around. Even we didn't cherry pick the minus one eighties. I don't think there were that many anyway.


I don't think there was. Yeah. And, and there was some cases where we probably went the other way. Speaking of the rock bottom rankings, fantasy who's been on fire all year with his Jets tweets. He tweeted during the Jets win today, an unlikeable jet team winning a pointless final game of the season weakening draft position before a vast regime change. Well, an arch rival prepares to hire the co coach that ever had a chance at a tail as old. This time they might be bottom five. I'm telling you, you love Giant and Jet fans. You could have like a three hour podcast of Giant and Jet fans just arguing who's in the worst, worst spot who's, who's angry about their situation.


Yeah. Where's a point of pride? Well, that was the worst possible ending for Jets fans where they're, they're basically dancing on Miami's grave. Miami checks out and Rogers all of a sudden is like firing touchdowns and moving around and you know, he's back but against this team that had checked out. And I guess that's the highlight tape. He would send this this spring. Yeah. Just trying to get hired. Hey, did you see my week 18 game? Right, right before touchdowns? Yeah. Let's add an episode of Enigma. That's going great. We, we, we, we beat Miami. They trying to make the playoffs. I threw four touchdowns on him. He probably does think that he does think like that.


I might throw the Raiders. Did you mention the Raiders? Oh, did I not have the Raiders in there? Oh, my apologies. Yeah. Oh, the Raiders. They're definitely top four. Yeah. They have to be. I mean, I thought I had the Raiders. I must have copy pasted them and accidentally taken them out. Yeah, they're a top four. They have double three double digit win teams in their division. And you know, I I don know. I mean, I I know Tyreek Hill went nuts after the game. I feel like Brock Bowers is about to waste a bunch of years in that offense. Yeah. What a Brock Bower's friends and family tell him. Can he hold that now? Has anyone ever held out after year one? That'd be great. All right, so Final Rock, bottom, Browns one, Tennessee. Two Giants, three Raiders.


Four. That's fine. As long as you have Browns number one. I don't care where anything else is. Yeah. All right. That's enough. Foreplay Guest Alliance Round one Saturday. What's the records by the way? You're, are we tied? Oh no. Wait a minute. We're tied. Right? 9, 8, 1. You're up. Nine. Nine weeks for you. Eight weeks for me One week tied the shaky Shab game. Saturday only two games on Saturday. The Chargers are traveling to Houston to play the Texans.


I feel like there's probably some a FL version of this game. When, what was Houston Titans? The Oilers? What do you mean? No, somebody was the Titans at one point. Oh well the Jets were the Titans, right? Yeah. Oh, the Jets were the Titans. Yeah. Was he? Yeah. So Houston Oilers and what were the, the Char, I guess they were the San Diego Chargers. Yeah. Yeah. They must have had some sort of a FL playoff game in the sixties. That was some iconic game that neither were born for this. And, and Shaky was shaky around the sixties. I Don Shays Pizza. It was probably a piece of pizza that tastes now as like, it came from the 1960s. Right. I guess the Chargers minus two and a half in Houston.


We both did. And it's three. Hmm. It's pretty fair. I guess a compelling start. It's down to two and a half. So We got it. We got it. Exactly. Oh, we got it. Exactly. Yeah. Wonderful. Yep. So I'm trying to figure out who's the fuck job game out of these six games where everybody's just on one side. Chargers are a candidate. Definitely. Who was the game last year? What was the, the Cleveland Houston game last year. Right. It might've been Cleveland, Houston, Cleveland. It might've been the very same one. But we loved Shroud then. We're a little down on that offense right now. Right? Yeah. And maybe a little Oh, Harbaugh's gonna wanna win and, you know, get, keep it going and go.


They'll go to Kansas City. Well, it depends what the other teams do. But we might fall in love too much with Harbaugh and Herbert over the week and forget about that detection to the home team and how they screwed us last year. I'm trying to think how, how much of a home field advantage Houston would be. That's a crowd last year. That's probably getting nervous pretty immediately. Yeah. No Tank d No, Stefan Diggs. I guess they could try to run on 'em. I like the Chargers team though. I think they're pretty talented. When did the Texan, when was the last game? Like you were like, oh wow. All this team's got it. Oh my God. It's been since like September, right? It's a ton, right? Yeah. Not can count.


They beat the Dolphins. 20 to 12. The Jaguars. Oh, they beat the Cowboys 34 10. That was it. Mm. Yeah. That's how you know they're good. We didn't talk about the cowboys. Jerry Jones had a cameo and landman in episode nine. The newest episode. I'm not up. Yeah. He pops and it's like one of the better, three, four minute cameos I can ever remember from a sports person on a TV movie thing. You can't, you're being serious. You're being serious. I'm being a hundred percent dead serious. Oh, I didn't know that. Yeah, I I texted you about it last night and I was like, I thought you were fucking around. Yeah, he was not fucking around. He's really good.


He gives a whole speech to one of the characters and it's fucking good. It's like shockingly good. I couldn't believe it. Oh, I gotta catch up now. No, it's, it's great. Like, you're kind of like, whoa. Are you an actual actor? No, he is. I'm sure there was some editing. He's the best actor in sports if you add it all up. Right. He attitude. He's at least as good of an actor as like, he's a pe ro and those guys like his, he easily could have been the Irishman. He acts like it's really good. Like the team's could win a Super Bowl in the, in his lifetime. I swear he gets choked up during it for real, as he's given the speech. Really? Yeah. It's crazy. He's really good. I have to watch. Yeah. Sunday, three games. First one Buffalo. No. Yet Saturday night.


Didn't do. Oh, I'm sorry. We didn't do Saturday night. Saturday night. Amazon, you knew they'd get a good one. Res Steelers in Baltimore. Third time we've had this game. I, I sent you my guess and I think it's too low, but I'll stick with it just out of honor system. I, I had a Ravens minus six and a half. Good for you. You're an honorable man and a loser in this case. I said seven. Yeah. And it's nine and a half. Oh, Jesus. I was gonna, I would've changed it to seven and a half. I don't know why I went low, but, all right. I feel like I'm gonna get smoked on this game. Like I'm gonna be so mad at myself a minute in.


So seven point teaser takes the chargers to plus four and a half. The Ravens under three. And then we just need a third team and we're good to go. Yeah, sure. I mean, but I, I don't look, you think this is gonna be, I mean every time they play it's 18, 16, but you don't see it. I listen. Can we, so you, you, so you'd want a 10 point teaser your money parlay. I I might be going the other way and you know how bad I've been the playoffs, but the Steelers could stay in this Maybe, maybe we'd buy low on the Steelers. It feels like their defense has like a good hour in it where they look like the Steelers from the first two months.


But it doesn't seem like they can sustain it anymore. And I'm not really entirely sure what happened. I know they killed the, the Browns, they're covered a 20 point spread, which is admirable in 20 Ravens, 24 Raven. The Ravens did. But there was a whiff of, oh shit. The, the calendar turned to January and Henry early on wasn't breaking, busting out for 15 yards. And it's still gonna, has to be Lamar on third and seven trying to scramble for a first down. Ah, bill. I just, I don dunno. I mean we have been in this situation with Lamar as a big favorite. Yeah. And then about 40 minutes into the game being like, oh no, I feel like I've bet on this game before.


Why is this 13, 12? Yeah. Unless the stay war have just been playing possum for a month. That's the only thing I can think of that would make me think that they could hang in this game. 'cause it, it just doesn't seem like they can score more than 20 points anymore. So what you laid out with 1816? That would have to be the game. It has to be 18, 16. 16, 13. 17. 16. That's it. So I think Lamar, but it's a laser Ravens team that averages 30 points but can't score more than 17 against the Steelers. It's always, it's kind of always that, right? Yeah. Or it's the other way where they blow 'em out. 38 10. Yeah, because, and I gotta go through the playoff manifesto again and go through all the rules and try to figure out what might apply.


But this, this has all the makings of Ravens blowout round one. All right. It's finally it. They've got it. And then round two they scored 13 points. Right. Listen, we we'll have 'em on a money line. Parly. I'm sure I'm, I'm not that stupid yet. I'll tell you this. If Lamar loses this game, go ahead. He now enters Marty Schottenheimer territory for, I don't know if I can trust you anymore. Laying points than the playoff game. Was he a bad quarterback? Marty Heimer, the Marty Heimer teams. Remember how many times, how many teases and parlays his teams blew over the years? Yeah, you're probably right. They probably have this win in them and then it's the following week. What do they now? Three seed.


So it's Buffalo. Yeah. For the Steelers it just feels like fry moth over the middle for 12. Pickens no longer makes any plays for whatever reason. Right. Najee Harris breaking seven tackles and getting 12 yards. Maybe Austin over the middle one time for like 22 yards. But I didn't, the explosive plays are just gone. Yeah. So they might have to go back to the fla OPI offense. Just try to get past interference. Right. This could be the other way to do it. Turn Lamar over a couple times too. It would have to be in the equation. Yeah. The move might be to stay away. I have a nice nest egg still for a million dollar picks and I don't, I just so afraid of Lamar in the playoffs.


He's really gotta gotta win me back. Well it's fake money just so you don't have to worry. Oh it is, you're right. Yeah. Don't be so afraid. Well of real money too. Sunday, three games, bills Broncos is the first game and these guys have got here early and there're going, there're jumping through. Do that Broncos good bad team for you or somebody that's a little lively for this game. I don't know. I think their defense is just good enough that maybe I, they can't, couldn't they force a game like the Patriots played? Not today, but a couple weeks ago. The other game. Take the lead early couple long drives Allen.


That was a nice, nice game. Plan 10. Nothing. I'm sure your manifesto doesn't say great things about rookie quarterbacks on the road in the playoffs. Game one. No. Yeah. No. Yeah. So or rookie quarterback against the MVP of the league also. Probably not a scenario I would love. Right? I guessed Bills by 10 and a half over the Broncos. All right. I swear I hit this exactly. Eight and a half. Eight and a half. I think it's low, huh? Yeah. Only 'cause they're, I mean that's like an easy tease. I'm gonna tease that tonight. That no brainer is pretty good. Like the bills. I'd be surprised if they scored 40 on them. So if they score 30, then Denver has to get to 22.


Just feels like anytime they need to play they get to play. Yeah. The bills probably we've only, they had that week four game. They got their asses kicked against Baltimore. They've had some shaky hour long stretches, but for the most part I, I like their offense at home in the playoffs. I just trust it. You trust their offense at home or the Ravens offense at home. Yeah. Let's see that game, right? Don't we wanna see, see game ball more buffalo. How about neither of you guys screw up. Don't mess this up. Get past these junk teams. Sorry Denver And seeing a divisional round. Well that's the thing. If we get, if we can just kind of push everybody to a round two, we could potentially have great week Casey against the Chargers, Buffalo, Baltimore, Detroit, Minnesota rematch and then Philly or versus Washington or Tampa.


Two teams that love playing Philly. It's too good to be true Tampa beat them. Right? Those are four great games. I like all of those games. Let's do it. Okay, next game in Philadelphia. Eagles Packers. And I can't imagine the Packers are psyched that have played out this way when they could have no potentially not played the Eagles. They almost sold the boner of the decade with the love getting hurt today coming out and then it's like chapter's like he's questionable to return. I'm like questionable. Why would he ever return if his grandmother's on fire at midfield He shouldn't return.


Like this is nuts. Why would, what did, what's the point? So the Bears win. Who cares? Well, we forgot to talk about this at the top, which was my fault. But the, it seemed like Washington was just ready to lose that game 17 times. Yeah. And once again they have a cardiac kids win, but, but now they, now they get to play at Tampa. Anyway, speaking of Jerry, I thought that was gonna backfire. The, the, the talk is that Cooper Rush was about to hit his incentive at 55% of the snaps. He was at 52. Yeah. And that's why they put Trey Lance in. I'm like, watch this M effort throw for four touchdowns and then Jerry's gonna have to pay him $60 million next year.


This is gonna happen. That did not happen. Nope. Not even close. So he had a couple plays when he runs around and creates time where you can see it and then he throws the ball and it's just two yards short of a guy or it's sail over. Somebody says he's just not accurate. Perfect. That's it. Pre preseason. Week three quarterback. We'll keep him there. It's crazy how many picks and stuff the Niners gave up for him when? Yeah, I guess just on pure potential and how he looked in a couple really nuts. I they almost seems like they don't take enough shit for that and they stumble into Purdy with the seventh round pick but Right. Wow. Eagles. I have minus four over the Packers. You're gonna get this one. I had three.


It's four and a half. Mm. So I'm up up three two with two left. It's a nice spot for the Eagles. Yeah. I guess, you know is, is it weird that what, what's now it's been a few weeks for Hertz, right? This is kind of like a fighter that we haven't seen fight like a year and a half now, right? I don dunno, we're gonna see that hundred percent. Yeah, they get to a two seed. They get to play this Green Bay team that feels like they peaked four weeks ago. If they win it if's a, you know, you know a really good chance they could get the bucks in round two. Which is nuts. A team that we didn't even, weren't even sure was gonna make the playoffs at.


Right. 12:55 PM today. So they could basically, I don't know, they should move it to Brazil. This is where it all started. And then game. Go back. Let's get, can we get that grass back? Yeah. Next one. Washington against the Bucks in Tampa. I have washed it. I I, it's funny, I had the Bucks favorite in this for as when I was doing guest alliance and then I just switched it. I was like, You know what, they're gonna wash them. Favorite. So Washington minus one and a half shouldn't have switched it shouldn't have switched it. I had Tampa minus one mostly by default. Tampa by three and a half. Oh my. I'm, wow.


So so how many off? That's pretty rare for me for the playoffs. That's makes me wanna bet the Bucks I think makes you wanna bet though, right? With the rookie quarterback on the road. Although they didn't, they didn't kill Nicks as much. Yeah, but I would argue, I'm gonna look at the Bucks. It's tough. The Bucks played so poorly for 40 minutes today and a must win. Its hard to like them, but Washington didn't play great either. Let's face it. So Tampa, they lost your team. I guess their best win is the Chargers. Is that it? And no, they maybe be Philly in week four.


Detroit and week two. So their best win since September is the Chargers. Those, those two wins in September. Really good. They beat, they beat the one and two seats. Yeah. Since the bye week they beat the Giants. Carolina, Vegas, the Chargers lost to Dallas, beat Carolina beat the Saints. Hmm. I dunno think it's a little steep. You so you would wanna lay points with Tampa at this point. They have playoff experience, right? They're kind of the playoff veteran team, right? Where Washington, I'm not gonna say they're just happy to be there, but there might be an element of that. I don't mind taking the points of that. Biggest over under too 49 and half.


I think being off by five points is some sort of sign. If I was seeing it that way, I should probably trust my gut. Monday night Vikings at the ramps and I had the Vikings by one and a half in la. Alright, you crushed me here. It doesn't matter because I'm gonna beat you. Overall I had four and a half. It's two and a half. Minnesota minus two and a half. You had Minnesota by four and a half. Yeah. Stupid. So you get it. But I went four, three. Oh man. So we're tied now. We're tied now. What do you think the look ahead line would be for this? Like, I was probably closer if, if like last night if we would've guessed a line for this, right?


Which one? The, the Minnesota. Yeah. We guessed that 24 hours ago. Yeah, because I mean there is a chance that Sam Donald's a little iffy against a tough, tough nosed defense, you know? Yeah. I don't know. I what do you think it would've been there such a streak? There was such a streak on such a streak of scoring 30 plus points. Right? So I thought it would've been four and a half. I, I I shouldn't have. I should have moved it based on today. FanDuel has odds for the number one draft pick Cam Ward is minus 1 25. Sanders is plus 1 0 5. Hunter is 10 to one. And then everybody else is long shot.


Your guy Kelvin Banks right there. 50 to one. He's not gonna be the first pick though, right? I don't see Jack shit. I don't see odds on Jack anywhere. What about that Abdul Carter at 60 to one if somebody just wanted to go defense. Yeah, I mean these guys could move around. So what do we see? We see a pro day, we see Wix. I don't know, I guess these could move, but some of those guys I don't think will. It's weird that everybody's so heavy. All right. Anything else you wanna hit little NBA on this Jimmy Butler? The trades. Oh, Mike McCarthy to the Pats. Come on Shafter. This is interesting. I doing this movie, this is such a dramatic day for me. I'm like a show of myself today. So spend the whole year watching this fucking team and they somehow, they're the worst team in the league and they don't get the worst pick.


You finally have a great quarterback and Joe Milton, I'm proud of you. It's good. You think, Joe, would you take Joe Milton if, like, how many teams would actually take Joe Milton over what they have right now? Where did he get who? Who was it? Dallas. Would you rather him than anyone on Cleveland? Oh, at this point? I think so. Where did you draft him? I, he's like a fifth, sixth rounder. What's weird is he sucked in the preseason. I thought he, because he was one of those guys who was throwing everything 140 miles an hour. But he had like real touch today. He was good. He was moving around. He evaded some sacks. You hated it. Well I was happy for him 'cause he, everybody says he's a great guy, but at the same time, yeah, it was ripping my intestines outta my body.


I just couldn't believe it. Like you gotta be kidding. And now we look, well you don't even know who you were gonna trade for in this draft. You look get, it's fine. Get some wins. It's nice. It's nice for the team. Well we already traded it. We got Jack's. Shit. The Butler trade's gonna happen this week. I was telling you with the NBAI was telling you about Houston, right? Yeah. And then he used to beat the Lakers tonight. Although it was a, it was a good game. It was tight. But I still, but I think I said let's wait a few games. Right? I think, oh no, you said their January's hard. I said their January was about to get hard. Right, right, right. Yeah, because I was looking at, I really think there's a chance San Antonio can make the playoffs. Yeah. And house and I talked about on Thursday.


Oh. So now they're plus three 50. So it's right around what, what we talked about. They don't have the odds for Houston today, but San Antonio would have to jump either the Lakers or Houston basically. And the thinking is Weby is now a top seven guy and maybe they make a trade and Right. So we were looking at that for, well don't we wanna wait a little bit. Like they have, I think they have like tough games coming up. I think we'd get better odds. And they have the Lakers twice at the Bucks. Yeah, they're at the Bulls. Yeah. We can wait on that. I'm monitoring it. What do you got for Parent Corner? All right, so my oldest was here, right? Yeah. And Big Oregon fan ducks went to the Rose Bowl, saw his team get destroyed.


And like, people like you going, why aren't you going? I'm like, I don, it's for the kids at this point. It's for the kids. I'm not gonna be one of these idiot fathers. 'cause I paid tuition like I sent my kid. And so now I'm the big, I'll root for them, I'll root for him. And I was trying to convince him that getting blown out is so much better. He just didn't wanna hear it when he got home. Like he's very much into, this is the big cause he's taken on like that. The Big 10 is better than the SEC And it is like f the FCC, I can't stand it. It's like, and I guess as a parent, this is a little less stressful than if it's cause involved like protesting for or against causes in the Middle East. So, all right. Yeah. Good. Yeah. Hate, hate the SEC all you want. But anyway, he was really bummed.


They lost and he is gone now. He went back to school, but he went back on Friday and his mother was furious and despondent. Like he went back a day early and like none of his friends were gonna be there. And it made her feel bad. He just kind of wanted to get away from everybody. I think so. And he just wanted to get back to no one. And I was like, listen, I, I try to put myself in that position. I was like, I think I would've liked this. Like Right. If you could've gone back to college and had like a day to shop or whatever, just lay around. Yeah. And do nothing with no one there. Like, I think I would've liked that. That's fine. And the other thing I was thinking is, you know, we spent the entire weekend and entire holidays complaining about our, our parents. Like Melissa and I like the gift call.


Yeah. They lost these gift cards and they're arguing about who got more or less and hospital visits and getting them to and from. Like, maybe that's not smart. Maybe we have to have a, like a poker face. Like, you know, because then I think they feed off this, right? Like, like he doesn't wanna be, it's like, oh, all right. It's all right to hate your parents. Good. You gave me the okay and now I'm gonna do that and now I'm gonna leave early for school. So there's not really a story attached to it. But I just think, like, I think you have to be careful when you think you're being cool, making fun of your parents. I think it kind of sets a different tone with your kids potentially. You know what I'm saying? Well, you made me think of how they talk about how inside the NBA is too critical about the NBA product, the league, this theory.


Yeah. Right. And that makes people more critical because they're just following the leader. So it's a similar type of thing. Yeah. That's the NFL. Everybody's like, you know, praising everybody at all times on those studio shows. Right. We're doing like long interviews, but everything's like positive and Yeah. Pushing, pushing the product. We have to be less, we have to be less Barkley and more. But how would push the pro, how would you push the product of your own parents? I think it's just like, You know what, they raised me well and I'm glad I'm in a position I I'm in to help. So glad they're still healthy. Yeah. Things like that. They're still healthy. So lucky to have them around. I would never leave a day early to, to, to be away from them.


I don't know. Something like that. I definitely did that in college. I re I remember my junior year. Yeah. I went back. I just went back and stayed and, 'cause we had an apartment, I was like, You know what, you know what's great, the apartment, nobody's gonna gonna be there. I went back. So I see it. Yeah. Kudos. What about Ku? I about you. Don't you like being like in an office, like getting away from everything for a few hours or something? Yeah. Like, it's nice. Yeah. Well, Zoe left. She, she left today. She went to go hang out with her boyfriend and then who lives in Florida? Does she have school tomorrow? No, she's doesn't have school for another week. Oh, all right. So we were kind of like, you're leaving now. And she's like, well, I've been here for two weeks. It was like, yeah.


Yeah. I don know. So you complain about your parents. So what do you think they're gonna complain about with us? Well, that's the scary thing. 10, 15, 20 years from now. Like, I'm already, you know, there's a commercial where you, like, you're training people not to ask people about the weather and stuff. I forget. It's a, it's, I won't say it's another insurance. I know we have our good friends in State Farm. Yeah. But yeah, I don't know. I'm already writing shit down. Like what to avoid. Like just dad Dad's going nuts. About week 18. Yeah. Right. Oh, the playoffs scenarios. What a fucking lunatic. He's 90. I'm not three years old. Dad. I'm not. Yeah. Yeah. Well, my dad's rooting for the Patriots to lose for 35 straight years.


Now. What the hell get over it. Just once he wants to first pick again. My, my parent corner. Corner. So we hooked up, my son has a PS five and we hooked up a PS four on a different TV so I could play Fortnite duos with him. Nice. Which led to me making a mad and comeback and playing some madam with him. And realizing how much worse I am now at video games than I used to be. Right. Especially Fortnite, which I was Okay in Fortnite at the end of the 2000 tens when we, when we were playing.


And I actually won a couple times, but I was always like, strategic and try not to get it too many gunfights. Now when I'm playing these video games, they're coming so fast. It's the number one thing I've done that's made me feel old in a lot in probably this whole decade. I, I'm like, I'm doing plays in Madden and the clock's taking down. I'm like, wait, I'm still trying to figure out what play I'm gonna call Singleback. There's like seven seconds left. So I realized like I need to start playing video games to, I, I need the speed of it. I wanna get the hang of it. Yeah. So I'm gonna play more video games. But I was driving down. I had a good drive by Madden. Your resolution to play more video games? No. Well I was, I was bonding with my son who never wants to hang out with me.


And I was like, this is, I guess this is what it's gonna have to be. I'm gonna have to play some video games, so. Right. We'll hang out. But, but my son was like, you know, you're pretty good. You should, you should stream some of this. And I'm like, what do you mean? And he is like, you should stream some of the games. Like, so people can see like what you're playing. I'm like, I'm definitely not doing that. But it's, this is just his generation now just wants to show everything at all times. I wouldn't do it mostly because I'd be so embarrassed. But the reason I'm telling you this, 'cause Sam darn when he was running around and he was under pressure the whole time and he was running to the right and chucking it up. That's basically my mad and offense now. Hmm. And You know what? I'm not gonna, I, I feel like I have another run in me.


I think I can come back. Really? I just need some practice. Yeah. So I'm gonna start, I'm gonna play one game, one game at least every night. And anyway, I told this to my wife and she was really, really horrified in this. Oh, she's not happy with it. Oh, not happy at all. Not happy at all. She's like, what? I thought you were just gonna do that over the break. Play with Ben. I was like, no, I might start playing a little more again. It's good for my brain, it's good for my reflexes. I'm older. And she, And it was kind of one of those, oh, and I could tell this is like right going into the memo. She's making a divorce for the divorce layer. Yeah. She's talking to her friends about it right now. Retained an attorney. Yeah. You know, Bill's playing video games. But then I have some people my age, like my friend David Nyman plays Fortnite.


I think he like a lot. Like he plays like competitively. Yeah. So there's some people that just, this is how they like unwind so well. Could you get to a spot where you would actually stream it? Like if you got good again, would you consider streaming it or No? I mean, as you know, once upon a time, I was one of the great video football game Sure. Players ever. I mean, I know, I don't wanna brag, but that's a lot. No, it's what everyone was saying. It's okay. No, I, I wanna get to the point where I could play my buddy Guss. Mm. Because Gus still plays all the time and everybody, we were playing in the, we were playing in television in the eighties. So I wanna see if I can get my mojo back. But I gotta say like so many plays now, we almost made these games too complicated.


Like do I need a 1200 play playbook? Yeah. I don't think I, I don't know that NFL coaches, I know that most of them would be terrible with the time management at the end, the video games. I just absolutely know it. But as far as Yeah, you're right. I wonder if it is too many plays for them. I wonder if they'd call the same six. Maybe that's what it is. Maybe in the formation. Maybe I'm, I feel like Gerard Mayo, well another reason I brought this up. So I started a franchise season and I had the Patriots and I immediately traded for T Higgins. Oh. Put him with Drake May. And then it's, when you're the owner, it gives you the option to fire your coach. So I'm gonna fire Gerard Mayo at the end of the year. I wanna get through the first season and then I'm gonna fire him and try to hire somebody else.


That's good. Yeah. You should fire him every game. That's what the, that's the Patriots way. Now this is another thing with Madden they made, they made, they, they made it like way more complicated to be the owner. Like, I've gotta like hire and fire scouts. Yeah. Right. And I gotta it aside about renovations for the stadium and all this shit. I'm like, can I just play the bills? You could spend 40 minutes before you kick off. Yeah. Like just, just going in and outta that stuff. I knows, oh, you have a chance to upgrade the cover skills of your fifth cornerback. Right. I dunno. They definitely overthought this, I think video game. The, the peak was 20 years ago. College game apparently has passed. It, it, it's even worse though with that, with like, with scouting and, and recruiting and NIL and shit like that.


It's like real, it it's really, you should like, Lombardi is, Lombardi would be like, this is too hard. I think this is, is this harder than actual real life screw that I'm gonna go sell insurance. The other thing with Fortnite, Hey, do you know anything about Fortnite? Not too much. I know the kids play it. God. Cause you can build stuff and the better the people are, you can build like little stairs to climb up wherever and you could build little house around yourself to protect yourself. So the people that got really good at it, they're just maniacs. Like they're just building stuff. And people like us that go in, they're just, we had no chance. Right. So my son was like, you should play no Build Fortinet. I'm like, what's that? He's like, well nobody, it's, it's same game, but you can't build anything so you, you can't do any of that stuff.


And I was like, so it's kind of like the, it's like the G league for Fortnite. He's like, yeah. I was like, put me in there. Put me in there. Oh, right there. You're the Bronny of Fortnite. That's great. Yeah. So anyway, 2025. We'll see how long video games last. But I hope I, I hope it gets you Jack Shit. Is your tailback Jack. I'm gonna create Jack shit. Do it. Yeah. If you're, if you're randomly playing me on Madden, you see running back. That's Jack shit. That's me. That's you. So we'll see if it brings me and my son closer together. I love it. We'll find out. I love it. I'm taking him to Raw tomorrow. So we, we are father son bonding a little bit. Oh you are nice. Yeah. Okay. That'll be good.


First, first Raw. After 32 years changing networks, can you play Fortnite on your phone while watching Raw? No. We'll find out. We'll see some matter. Alright, that's it for Parent Corner. We gotta plug. Oh, we're gonna be hanging out this week a little bit. We're we're gonna be hanging out. We got the crew coming in. Right. They ring a pregame show. Everybody's flying in house from Washington. JJ from New York and Raheem has like 17 homes. I don't know exactly where his flight's gonna originate. Probably Vegas. But they'll be out here. We'll be watching the games together and Cousin sells Winning Weekend Against The Odds Through The Ringer. All on The Ringer Podcast Network and Fandel tv. Also, I should announce, I'm holding a press conference tomorrow to address the rumors that while working at Fox, I had sex with Jason Whitlock and I did not, I did not in fact do that.


Was I attracted to the men. Of course, of course I was. But it, what's being alleged is not, it did not take place. I promise you that. I'm, I'm not doing it. Raheem texted me asking if I had a burner guest room. I didn't know what that meant. Well he has one. There was a lot of talk about when he goes to Vegas if he, no, I'm kidding. Oh, oh, I see. I got, alright. It should be great. The best. Em, I'm sad. Miami's not in the playoffs though. I don't, we're not gonna have the JJ truck. I know. On the couch. I was saying that today. I was like, all our teams suck. How did it, how is it that everybody, even the bun was on. I was like, every, he's the cold fan. Well, house is the only who has team now.


He was really hoping that he could see a game at SoFi, but somebody didn't do their job. Well, I guess the Rams didn't do their job otherwise he might've had a chance do their job. All right. This was produced by Sir Rudy and Gaa and Kyle. You can follow everything we do on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. I'll be back on Tuesday with the pod of New Rewatch, whats coming on Monday. And you can catch salad all the places he saw. We'll be back next Sunday live. We'll see. We, how mu how much fatter will we be next week? Oh yeah. I think let's go over four and a half pounds gained. I would say. That's good. Hey, we do two pods next week, right?


I think we did last year like that. Well, 'cause there's a Monday game. We can't guess one of the lines. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We do like a you do like a 25 minute appearance on the Tuesday pod, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right, right. I think we figured that. Oh, that's good. Yeah. I, You know what? I just like when it was three and three. I know. Yeah. They get, they get stupid with this, but I don't understand why they did it that way Anyway. All right Sal. Good job. A good job by your buddy.


Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem, call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny or Text Hope NY in New York.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn In basketball, a blockbuster trade can make or break your playoff run before the deadline. GMs across the league scour for the right data and insights. Hope in their moves. Pay off February 6th trade deadline this year, by the way, just like in basketball, growing your small business in 2025 all comes down to how well you can build your team. That starts with better insights from LinkedIn with unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn has the strongest hiring data and insights to help you identify the right professionals so you can make the best hiring decisions. LinkedIn pairs you with the high quality candidates you need to make your business grow and flourish. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities Who isn't? That's a big pool of people you don't wanna miss out on. And who knows, one of them could be your next all Star player. So hire smarter in the new year. Find your next grade. Hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. Once again, LinkedIn dot com slash Simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions. Apply.