
This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats. Summer is here and you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered a day in the sun. No, a bottle of rum. Yes, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You Must be legal drinking age. Please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by Region C App for details.


The Bill Simmons Podcast is presented by State Farm. We're also presented by The Ringer Podcast Network where you can find a new episode of the re watchable, diehard with a Vengeance as part of New York City Month. It was me and Van Lathan and Chris Ryan. It was a lot of fun, a lot of time talking about this movie trope, especially with John McLean, where somebody saves a lot of people twice and yet nobody believes in them and, and they're still disparaged by their bosses and they don't get like a movie made about their life. They don't get to be on a TV show. None of that stuff. It's just, it's like it never happened. John McLean probably the best example of that. Anyway, we dove into that and a lot of pots with the, with the movie as well. We got one more New York City mo movie coming next Monday and you can watch all those on Spotify as a video podcast you watch on The Ringer Movies, YouTube channel, however you want 'em on this podcast. Chris Mannix and I are gonna break down the funeral of the 2024 Celtics and a bunch of other stuff heading into the NBA draft on Wednesday night after the NBA draft. After round one, I am going to be there with Jay, Kyle, man and Joe House and we're gonna be reacting and Joe House, he has got the six pick in the draft. I don't know if we're getting drunk house, but we're definitely getting at least buzzed house. We'll see what happens, but we'll be ready to go on right after the draft. Can't wait. One of my favorite days of the year. I don't know why they moved it from Thursday to Wednesday, but it's fine. We adjust now. We got round two on Thursdays. It'll be fun. Anyway, Chris Mannix next we're gonna take a break. We're gonna bring in our friends from Pearl Jam and then we're off.


This episode is presented by State Farm. It's no secret that great teams need great teammates. I've been saying this for years and when it comes to Insurance State Farm is there to help you find the right coverage for your home car and more. Whether you need an in-person or a digital assist that ready when life hits you with a full court press, get a game plan that helps fit your life. Talk to State Farm today. State Farm with the Assist coverage options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state.


Alright, It's been a while. Chris Mannix is here. We're taping this little after four 30 Pacific time in the afternoon. It was kind of waiting for stuff to happen today. We had the Drew Holiday trade last night and then Chris Ingas sent to Atlanta today. Chris Mannix, the 2024 Celtics funeral is here. They lopped off miraculously $28 million in two trades They got under the second apron, which doesn't just save them almost 200 million in luxury tax but also has all these other positive roster benefits. There still might be another trade 'cause I think both of us feel like there might be a Sam Hauser, something they wanna bring back.


Luke Cornett, they wanna potentially bring back Al Horford. So there's some other stuff happening. But did you think it was gonna be this simple for the Celtics to cut that much money when you have to take contracts back in trades and somehow Simon's $5 million less than than Drew Holiday and then Niang is 22 million less than Pinga. This was a borderline miracle. I, I thought they made some great deals and I thought they found the exact right partners to deal with. Like you might think like, Hey, what does Portland need Drew holiday for? Like they're not good, but Portland is trying to build this defensive identity and Portland clearly had no interest in giving Amerie Simons any kind of money after this season.


They did that once. They weren't gonna do it again. So really what the Blazers are doing with holidays, taking the two years left on his deal, getting him on a like a basically a three year deal for a guy like that, they can live with that and look, the Celtics can just take this flyer on Simon's, let him shoot 500 threes next year and walk away from 'em. May may help. Maybe he shows them something, maybe he wants to be there, maybe it clicks, but they could just walk away from that. Atlanta. They're another perfect partner like they were looking to do. They, they didn't really want to just blow the whole thing up and, and trade away Trey and, and reboot that whole thing. They didn't, I never got the vibe from them that that was kind of what they were looking for over. It lasts few weeks.


You know, Pingus at his best looks like a really good fit. Playing opposite Trey Young and like contract year. Chris Porus is gonna ball out like It lasts time. We saw contract year-ish. Pingus was in Washington and he put up huge numbers there. I think you're gonna get the very best of Chris Porus. So I, I look the circumstances suck. The Celtics are not gonna be good next year. You know, probably be lucky to fight for, I mean I guess the Eastern Conference, anything is possible, but they're probably a play in type of team. But I thought they did really well given the circumstances because they found the two teams out there that needed exactly what they had.


Well, I'm gonna reach into my zag bag. I have multiple zags for everything you just said. Okay. First of all, I'm not sure the Celtics are gonna be that bad next year in this weird Eastern conference. Is it, am I just, is it the Celtics fan side of me just kicking in? I was looking at the roster and I'm like, man, holiday in the, in the playoffs and in the Knicks areas I thought looked pretty rough. That was a team that I think four years ago I was talking to my dad about this history 'cause my dad was visiting, we were like four years ago holiday against Brunson, holiday guarding towns. You could have thrown holiday on basically any nick and he would've been hugely impactful and he just wasn't in the Nick series.


I was a little nervous about him going, going forward. You flip him in assignments, who fills this scoring void that they clearly need with Tatum. Who I think, you know, Portland was pretty good down the stretch last year and he wasn't, not a piece of that, you know, so I just, I'm not willing to go playing yet with them. And I don't think they're wired that way. You have a new owner, I don't think he's gonna be like, cool, let's go 35 and 47. Like you don't think Jalen Brown is gonna be going, Hey, look at, look at the East Indiana is now with this Halliburton situation. Nick's new coach who knows, like you go on through and maybe Jalen Brown's like, this is my time now I can carry us.


I don't know. I'm not, I'm I I think all bets are off with the 2020 5, 26 Celtics including more trades than them just gutting shit. So what, well, let's dig into that a little bit. Like I I, I love the lens that Brad Stevens is viewing this through like, like you might be, right? Like Jalen Brown is probably a lock for an all NBA team assuming meets the criteria next year. He is, I think he's gonna be great. You know, Simon's is gonna score like they, they've got Derrick White's gonna be Derrick White, they've got pieces there, but they're not a championship team. Like God. No, we can both, no, both get on board. Like, so I, I think what the Celtics probably look at and say are saying like, all right, we can, you know, bring the band back, pay the luxury tax penalties, maybe maybe slide under the second AP April, who knows whatever they, they may do.


And are we gonna be happy with like this second round playoff exit? Like is that a victory for them? Like to me, this is all setting up an aggressive summer and summer of the 20 20 26 when they can lose these repeater tax penalties. They can be under the second apron, maybe even under the first a apron. If they make a a, a few deals. I I think they're setting themselves up for that 26, 27 season. Well, You can't hit that. You can't hit that point hard enough though because it's not just the money, it's all this weird roster shit that comes with being over the second apron and being a repeater. Like it actually really does hurt your roster for multiple years. Kills it and you have to get under it. So they did. Yeah, they did. And I I, I applaud them for that.


Like, I, I don't, I don't care about a second like making the playoffs as a four seed and being feisty against the Knicks in the second round. I I don't care about that. I don't think Brad Stevens cares about that either. Like this, this, this, to me, all these deals scream like let's just get through next year. Let's take the gap year and then let's have flexibility like we can go into 26, 27 with still arguably one of the top five two-man duos in the NBA in Tatum and Brown. Like that can be the court. Derek White is still under contract. He can be part of the core. Like they, they're giving themselves room to operate in the summer of 2026. Now all they're doing really is sacrificing, you know, whatever next year is gonna look like. I I mean look, I did think Pingus was kind of interesting to move off him to him to be the first guy you or one of the first guys you move off because he, he loves it in Boston.


He loves his role in Boston, he loves playing there. Everything about being a Celtic, like could you have convinced Pingus next summer to sign for a lesser number maybe, maybe to be part of what they were doing there. Maybe you could have convinced him. Yeah, maybe you can still convince him to do that if you, you have some room to operate. Thank you. In The summer, how do we know he's not just moving Atlanta for nine months and coming back? Yeah, he might or he can sign with the Wizards again for the gargantuan amount. A cap space. They're a Hundred billion a Year. Yeah, exactly. So that, that was kind of interesting to me that they, that they moved off him as quickly as they did. But everything else, like, I get it like this, there'll be a feisty fun team next year. I think Simon's gonna have some great moments team.


Like he's, he's gonna put up like 40 point games at some point with them, but they're not gonna Be good. I can't wait to talk about Simons, but there's, so you said something interesting there. You said this allows them to be really aggressive in the summer of 2026. I don't disagree. What if it allows them to be really aggressive in January or February of 2026? Because the hidden piece of this, now they have Niang who's, I think he's expiring after this year, right? He's, yeah. And then Simon, same thing. You put those together. I'm at 35 million with those two guys, right? I am now in the mix in a bunch of different ways now, right? What if the Celtics are better than they thought?


What if Tatum's Rehab is way ahead of, and they feel like he can come back and mark like, I just think they wanted malleability with the roster and with Drew, which you know, I, if you do the on paper thing with the Drew Simons trade, he'd be like, whoa, Boston got a younger player in an expiring whose arrows still may be pointing up a tiny bit. Drew's arrow pointed down. That's not why Portland did the deal. I mean Drew is like, you saw it and you were, you were covering the out a little bit last year. Like the Drew was like one of the most beloved behind the scenes teammates in Milwaukee, in in, in, in Boston. Like just, he was in Boston for two years and I think he goes down, him and Horford I think are gonna go down as Hall of fame, just everybody in the organization raving about people as people.


If you're Portland, you have this defensive identity you're building, but more importantly you're bringing in like an adult, an awesome guy, a role model, a leader, like just everything you're looking for if you're a younger team and you have to factor that in with the trade. Even if he was slipping a little bit last year, the stuff he brings, like think about Horford just, It lasts few years of his career where it's like I don't, he, he's now almost 40, still doing it like holiday might be able to be that guy for three, four more years. But it's the off the court stuff that I think, you know, they, that's just, you need that shit. Nobody's signing to go play in Portland. So anyway, I I really like that trade for both teams.


You mentioned the Simons piece, like and obviously the West Coast League pass. I've watched my share of Portland. I have a lot of Scoot Henderson stock. Simons will just go nuts for Like you have a lot of Scoot Henderson Stock, me and Illa, we have most of of it. We cornered the market. I respect it. I respected your knee Smith Island stock. I don't know if I, We have that we bought, I don Dunno if I'm there. We just invested in Cam Whitmore Island. Okay. But Simons will just get super hot and you look at this, this is why I was talking back before about like, I don't know if the Celtics are be that bad. You've Prichard and Simons out there. Those are like two of the better heat check guards of the league. You have Jalen, who's still a top 20 guy. You might have rebounding, you're gonna have a good coach. You have this philosophy of just gunning up threes.


They're gonna be way worse. Defensively, Pingus played half the year last year and then was a, you know, a corpse in the playoffs. 'cause he wasn't healthy. I don't know, like, I don't know how much worse the Tatum piece is the piece that's the disaster. But you talk about the rest of it. Like they might be all right, they might be an overachiever. I don't know. I'm prepared for anything. I I'm prepared for a top five team potentially if everybody stays healthy and, and everything goes right for them. But again, that doesn't, it doesn't get you anywhere like the I the what I like to, but the, The thing is, can they be fun though, I think is what matters. 'cause if you're doing basically a gap year and you're resetting it, you can't, you have the Celtics run where the fans have just watched a really awesome team for eight years in a row and you can't just be like, yep, we don't care about this year.


Like I still feel like they care a little bit about this year. Right? Yeah. Not to Win a title, but just to be entertaining At least. I I think we're looking at, we're, we're kind of, we kind of, you and I care about two different things. One, you I, well you care more than I do about them being fun next year. Like I, I don't care fun. Malleable are the two words I would use. I want them to have malleable roster and actually not be a disaster. Malleable is fine. I mean they're not, they with Jalen Brown and the talent they have, they're never gonna be a disaster. And the conference that they're in that gets weaker by literally the day with Right. The Halliburton injury. Like, it's gonna be impossible for them not to compete. Although, you know, God knows what the wizards look like. They might be actually be better next year.


Right? I I just, I I just don't, I don't care. Like I, I I think what I know what Brad's doing is saying like, look Tatum put whatever timeline you want on him, but I'm, I'm skeptical Tatum comes back at all. Yeah. Like I don't see the point to it. Like there's no way people saying like eight, nine months, like what, in what world? Like why, why would you drop him back into the lineup post all-star break when you might be in a playoff race that's just a recipe for disaster that makes no sense. Like they, they have their pick in 2026. Like that has to be Factored in. Chris, don't, Chris, don't ruin this for me. I'm just saying man, like they've got their pick in 2026. Let them, I mean, Boston fans can accept a gap year where they stink out the joint, maybe even wind up with a lottery pick if they're really, if they go the other way and are really bad and all of a sudden in the summer of 2026 you got Tatum coming back.


You've got Brown still there, you've got white still there. You've got the genius of Brad Stevens and I, we, I think he's, he's really good at this job. He was a really good coach and he's also a really good general manager. You've got that all in play to shake up the roster one more time in the summer of 2026. I I, I'm fine with that. I I don't care if they win 30 games next year. I really don't. I, and I, I think that's Certainly Alright, let's do this exercise then. Chris Mannix. Okay, here's a Celtics team that's going to have Jalen Brown, Derek White, Peyton Pritchard, Fernie, Simons, Niang. I'm gonna throw in Horford and Cornett. Little, little cadence you Think, hold on, hold on. You, you think Horford iss back?


I do. I think he finishes his career in Boston. I think it's hit that point with him. Why are you Skeptical? Think the mark. I think the, I think the market could be really interesting for Horford. I, if he look, maybe he wants the stays. I don't Know how much he's made $300 million. I'm with you. But when I, you know, in It lasts few weeks, whenever I have offseason conversations with, with GMs, like a lot of it's like Al Horford would fit great there. Like the Knicks get bounced out. Well Al Horford would fit pretty good in New York. San Antonio sitting down there with Webb Bama. Wouldn't you love to have a guy like Al Horford in your rotation as well? This probably like a third of the league given what Al still has left and what Al's salary demands are gonna be that theoretically would be interested. So you're saying like mid, mid-level, like the 7 million?


Yeah. Or even higher. Higher maybe 10, 12. I don't know. Like what do he make 10 last year, two years, 20 was his last contract. I could see him in play. Like Yeah, I I am deep, deep down. You're triggering me now. 'cause I'm deep down, I am a little worried about this. 'cause the team I'm worried about is the Lakers. That's like another one. Yeah's an obvious, obvious Al Horford fit where they could just kind of grab him. I mean there's some other ones but I don't know. He won a title in Boston. He's beloved in Boston and it's like you don't, he doesn't have to chase a ring 'cause he won a ring, right? And if you're talking about difference between they could pay him two and a half million versus seven, whatever it is. Like you're gonna uproot. I don't know.


We'll see. But I don't think the team's gonna be, I don't know. Let's go through, I'm gonna read you everybody in the east and you tell me what teams are definitively better than the Celtics next year, let's say there are no more trades and they keep hazard. So we would say Cleveland. Yes, Yes, Yes. We would say the Knicks. Yes. Yes. In Orlando. Yes. Love the Orlando trade. Yeah, Those three I think we can both agree have better rosters and a chance for regular season success than the Celtics next year. I would agree. Yeah. Detroit. Yeah, I think I would agree.


All right, so there's four then you, you you all of a sudden I'm in Indiana with no Halliburton Giannis with no teammates. Miami, I don't even know what they're trying to do. The Hawks might be the biggest threat for the five seed outta anybody. We're listening. Toronto, gimme a break. Philadelphia, I have no idea how many MB games I'm getting. I feel like the five seed is is wide open in the East, which is more of a reflection of how, how gutted the East is. Yeah. And I look at Philly and we'll see what happens on draft night. I I think there's a lot of potential moves in play in the next 24 hours for Philadelphia.


If MBS healthy, they're better than Boston, Atlanta. If Pinga can give you, you just Gimme an if MBS healthy. I'm just Saying I'm giving whatcha are you doing? I'm giving giving, I'm giving 'em benefit. The doubt here on this one. If, if in beats healthy, they're better than Boston. Like I, right, and Atlanta, if Pingus gives us 65 plus games, they're better than Boston. So you we're kind of in that same range there where I could see them anywhere from like eight to Five, right? So they're getting Pingus and Jalen Johnson back, Oh I love Jalen Johnson. I won face all the stock on Jalen Johnson. If you and I were the Atlantic Conciliis, I would be like, fucking go for it man.


You, you still have a $25 million trade exception that expires on July 7th. Like go for it. Go get Norman Powell from the Clippers. Like let's go. Like go get, go get a real player who can play in a playoff series. You got Jalen Johnson coming back. So it's almost like you're signing a free agent Reese, she's a year older. You have Pingus basically replacing Capella, but you also have a congu. I liked their team, I liked their team last year. I, I felt like if Jalen Johnson didn't get hurt last year, I thought that would've been a really interesting round one team. So I think Jalen Johnson, Jalen Johnson to me is one of, and amongst NBA people, he is not underrated, but like publicly he's criminally underrated, right? Like every time I watch that guy play on TV or in person, he's outstanding.


And you know, if he's healthy, he's gonna be an all star next year. Yeah. Yeah. I mean Pingus Johnson, Trey not a ton of defense with that group, but I i, with that $25 million exception, I think going for it is the right play. And I think that's their mindset too. Like the Pingus trade to me signals that Atlanta is gonna try in this conference, which is the right thing to do given what's sitting up at at the top. Well they also have the 13th pick in the draft that They got from Sacramento. So they still have the possibility of maybe there's one more move where they move backwards and pick up a veteran. I try to talk myself into Atlanta saying yes to Hauser in the 28th for the number 13th.


But I don't think that's enough. But I love Sam Hauser and I actually think that would be a good trade for Atlanta. So maybe consider that one Atlanta. I think The market I is robust right now for Sam Hauser from what I've heard. I mean he's starting that four year robust 45 million. Yeah. Yeah. I mean he's, he's he's a 40 plus percent three point shooter who's been on a championship team who's got a very manageable contract. Like there's a lot of teams that could use guys like that. And I don't know if Baylor Charman is Sam Hauser 2.0 or can replicate anything he does, but I know he's a lot cheaper and I think that's gonna be the priority for the Celtics with that particular spot in the lineup. I feel like you might get aggregated on hoop site now. Mannix Hauser trade market, robust all cast.


That means like a hot take though. It feels like a very lukewarm take that the 26-year-old elite three point shooter maybe can't guard that many guys but can make a shot at 40% from three. That's well And it says like the sneakiest, wait, haven't you watched tape Stop thinking you can challenge him and post up dudes. 'cause he is actually like a half decent defender on 1 0 1 on an island. He's actually, okay. I think the Pistons make a lot of sense for him. And I'm, I'm interested to see what they do because that's, you know, where we talk about the wide open East. If I'm the Pistons, I'm really looking at, hey, we might be one move.


I would've, I would've kicked the tires hard on Durant. We talked about that the other day on this podcast. Like I just would've, I I have Cade who's one of the best 15 guys in the league. I have a young team. I have an identity, like what can I improve that Tobi hair spot and go up a level? Yeah. From a Celtic standpoint, the Jalen part will be really fun. The, the Prichard Simons together as a bad, like the Prichard Simons, Derek White, I, I don't know, I'm in on it. I can't believe they're able to pull out those two trades. I thought Pingus was gonna be impossible. Just really, I just thought they were gonna have to take a giant contract back 'cause he is making 30 like they needed, they basically needed the nets to be involved somehow.


And then the Nets were like, whoa, Terrence Mann and another pick. We already have four. All right, cool. They did it. What What are they doing? Yeah, what do you think the Nets are up to here? Because they're not accruing all these draft picks to just draft guys. Like that's when, when, when I was at the draft lottery talking to people in Brooklyn and people that talked to Brooklyn, the most deflated team not to move up was the Brooklyn Nets. Because the Brooklyn Nets believed that a top four pick was gonna put them in play for one of the bigger names out there. Now obviously Giannis was at the very top of their list. Yeah. No idea if Giannis what's gonna happen or how that's gonna play out in the next few weeks.


But all I know is that the Nets acquiring one sixth of Thursday's draft is not so they can draft five guys. Like that's just not, that's not what Sean Marks is looking to do here. I I'm very curious to see what the next 24 hours look like for Brooklyn. If they, if they have something else in mind or another deal in mind to, to use these picks for Well we think San Antonio is staying it too with Harper. Yeah, I think that's locked in Philly unprepared for literally anything. You could give me any scenario and I would sign up for it. So if you told me Darryl feels like I, my model says we should take Ace BLA, we don't even need to take, take him at three. He is gonna be there at seven. We'll trade back with Brooklyn or trade back to eight, he's still gonna be there at eight.


And we'll pick up all these other picks and then I'll do weird Darryl stuff with them. You can talk me into that. You could talk me into anything with Charlotte because I don't Think, can I, can I throw something about Charlotte? So Charlotte, so this Ace Bailey thing is wild, like Ace Bailey kind of being navigated by Yeah. An agent that doesn't have a ton of experience not working out for anybody. Like I think my, my theory on this, on Ace Bailey is that right or wrong? He, he or his team believe there's a team out there that he wants to go to that is gonna trade up with Charlotte. Like he's not working out for Philadelphia. There's gotta be a reason for that.


He, he's not, he's not going to Utah. I don't think he wants to go to Charlotte. I think that Ace Bailey thinks that there's a team that's gonna leap up, get that Charlotte pick and he wants to play there. That's my theory on Ace Bailey that You mean a team like the Brooklyn Nets? Maybe. Maybe. So Charlotte moves back four spots. They pick up a bunch extra assets, Which they need more than that fourth pick I would argue, Right? Yeah. Because especially if, if Edgecomb goes third, which I think is the guy Charlotte wants trying to decode, although what's bullshit, but what's actually real and it really does seem like that's the guy they want and maybe they, they're like, fuck it, then we'll move back for Brooklyn.


I feel like Ace Bailey's gonna drop to eight and I wouldn't trade up to get him because I think, I think when you put the stink out like that, we saw it work with SAR last year, like SAR did this to Atlanta. It's like, nope, not even going. If you take, if you take me buyer beware, this does work. When you have a pick that high and you have usually if you're picking that high, your team's probably a mess to begin with, right? And it's like, oh, so who'd you take with this prime lottery pick? We took the guy who literally wouldn't fly to come work out with us, who refuses to take our calls and won't send us his medical records until the league mandated that he had to. That's our first pick. High fives everybody.


Like nobody wants to do that. So this actually works. I think it's, it's smart, but on the other hand it's possible that ace bail is just a train wreck. The stuff with the representation is pretty alarming. Like there's, and there's a lot of stories that have been, I think being passed around and people aren't really talking about them publicly, but there's just, it just seems like a train wreck. It it, it's not like this is being, it's not like this is being orchestrated by like a Bill Duffy or That around or Rich Paul or Rich Paul, right? I'm doing the chess board here. It it, it doesn't feel like chessboard type stuff. You Good checkers.


What board game would you do? Shoots and ladders. I don dunno like whatever. I mean it just, they're Playing shoots and ladders. It just feels very sim very, very uneasy. The only thing I can think of though is that they, somebody's trying to get to four and they like the team that's trying to get to Ford that goes to get him. I think if he's at eight, Brooklyn's gonna take him. Like all the stuff that's going on with Ace Bailey, he's a shot maker. Like I, I don't know if he flames out. He doesn't have the, the mindset for it or the complete skillset to become a great player, but that guy can get you a bucket. Like that's why those weird Durant comparisons, I can kind of see it, I can kind of see shades of it and if he's sitting there at eight, I think Brooklyn's gonna take him.


I also don't think he gets past Washington. I think Washington would take a flyer on a guy like that with a high upside at number six. So I, I think at four is when this, well three, it's gonna get interesting because I don dunno what Philadelphia's gonna do either, but I think at four it gets real interesting with respect to Ace Bailey. If Washington doesn't take him at six, I'm gonna be disappointed. Yeah, I don't know if it's the right pick for them. And it seems like the kind of guy they've the type of of, of kind of polarizing porter they've had in the past where it's usually like, oh man, that didn't work out. Brooklyn makes the most sense if that's a Zen game. But I think this is a great draft.


I've really enjoyed it. I've enjoyed doing the research for it. I think it's really unpredictable. You have Cooper at the top. It's so funny. Like he goes and works out for Dallas and, and then the stories are going. Cooper flag, he knocked everyone's socks off. People were blown away. It's like, we can stop doing that with the Cooper flag workouts. We get it. He blows everyone away. He's amazing. He's fucking, you know, ju juggling three balls, beating everybody in drills. Like we get it. He's amazing. And then two Harper is locked in, but then we get to three and it's like, I'm prepared for anything. Trade backs. I, there's three guys. I wouldn't be surprised if they took, I wouldn't be surprised if, if Darryl took Ace.


I know you wouldn't either. If he was just like, yeah, ACE has the highest upside. I think you'd be a superstar. Edgecomb. We think he's Dwayne Wade. He just needs to figure out how to finish a layup K nipple perfect for the team we have. We think ADE's gonna play 70 games. He fits in, he does this, this and this. It's a, it's an awesome draft. Let's take a, a quick break and I have some more, some more trades stuff to throw you.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats Summer is here and you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered. I love chicken parm a day in the sun. No, a bottle of rum. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You Must be legal drinking age, please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by region. See app for details.


So if you were the Atlanta Hawks, are you building this around Trey Young? You feel good about that? I don't feel good about it. I don't think that Trey Young can be the number one guy on a championship team. I do think Trey Young as the number one guy in a conference that stinks, can be the number one guy on an Eastern Conference championship team. I think they're in play next year. Yeah. So I I think that's the mindset that Atlanta probably has going into this season because it's not, look, they, they, if they wanna blow this whole thing up, they can do it next summer.


You know, Pingus is coming off the books. Yeah. Young will have one less year left in his contract. You'll still have Jalen Johnson to build around long term. Like this is kind of the perfect year to sort of go for it, see what you can get with that $25 million trade exception. See if there's some guy that fits, you know, either in the back court alongside Trey four spot, I don I don know wherever they think is the right fit and, and go for it this year. And if it doesn't work, screw it. Then next year there'll be, there'll be a market for Trey Young next year. Somebody's gonna want to get him. Like, I mean, nobody wants to sign with Washington. Maybe they take him on like they, they absorb his contract into, into their books. Like there's a lot of things you can do if you're Atlanta beyond this season like this no matter what, they're not gonna win a title.


Like I I think we both can agree on that with, with this group. But you can, after Indiana, I'm not willing to agree on anything. Indiana. Indiana win 15 playoff games. I know Indiana plays with just a, I don know the, the, if you get guys around Trey Young that are tough like that B Smith aka you know, Emhart, I don't see those guys in Atlanta. I don't see them look at their depth chart. I don't see a ton of those guys. I don't, I I look, but I think in this, this landscape, I mean you can do it, you can make a run with this group, but if you can, great. Maybe you see like, hey, we just one piece away or, and then we'll add that guy in the off season or you know, you go in next summer and you blow the whole damn thing up. You trade Tre Young and you rebuild around a really good player, an Allstar and Jalen Johnson.


I think it's all upside for the hawks. We see it the same way. I think this is the official Trey Young audition year. What do you got here? We put, we put a bunch of guys with blank who can who can protect you on defense. We have a little pick and pop threat now with Ingas. We also have a real center who can protect the rim. I don't know what they're gonna do with 13th pick in that trade exception, but we assume there's one more really good guy coming and it's like, let's see, we've, we've created the type of team. I think what they have a chance to do is what we watched Indiana do with Halliburton where they built a roster around a guy's specific skillset.


In Trey's case they can protect him on defense and they're surrounding him with shooters and length, which is kind of what you'd have to do. And at Indiana it's, I I'm, I'm still You didn't go to game seven, did you? I did, yeah. Oh yeah. I'm still reeling from just that whole thing and, and then also that, you know, to come that close to winning a title, to have the first five minutes the way it went and then to realize much like Celtic fans last month where it's like not only did we just get knocked outta the playoffs, but next year is now gone too. Like it's, it was just so much. I'm still digesting it. I can't even imagine what it was like to be there.


I I've, I think that Oklahoma City has emerged as a top three crowd in the NBAI think Boston's better. Yeah, I think New York's better, but I think Oklahoma City's right there. You make it argue for somebody else fine. But I think Oklahoma City is right there in that three spot. I've never experienced a crowd that amped up, just cut it go completely silent the way that it did. Everybody in that moment knew exactly what happened based on how he moved, how he responded. I mean, players from both sides, crowd media, everybody knew. I've never seen a, a reaction quite like that when you had a crowd amped up to an 11 just going nuts and then have that happen and everything.


Just go completely south. It was, it was surreal man being there and seeing him go down like that. And then his reaction, he's banging his hand on the floor and then you watching the replay on the monitor and you could see the, the calf buckles. So you know right away exactly what it is. That was tough. That was real tough to watch in, in real time. Yeah, I was thinking about it. 'cause we podcasted after that night and I was thinking after about some stuff I wish I had thought of when we were doing it live because I, I was still like kind of gathering. I, it was just so incredible of a basketball situation and a life situation. It was hard to wrap your head around. I was thinking about, I think it was two, it was my first year I was writing for SP or the second year, so it was maybe 2002 playoffs when Dirk got hurt and everybody was like, he's gotta suck it.


He was hurt in the playoffs. I think it was against Sacramento and it was so long ago, I can't even remember. But he was hurt and Cuban didn't wanna bring him back in. You didn't want him to play hurt. And his whole thing was like gonna be our guy for a long time. It's not worth it to play him in this playoff series. And I remember writing, I think I wrote him my piece, like, that's crazy. If you have a chance for the title, you have to go it. And as I've gotten older, I feel completely differently about it. Like, you know, obviously he was hurt, obviously they shot him up so he could play, right? And then you go out and you tell the, you tell the person, Hey man, you know, be careful.


Don't you're, you're injured. Just be careful how you do this. But what happens, you hit a couple threes, the adrenaline's rising, you know, he's going in a timeout and you just kind of forget you're hurt. But he was hurt and then he made it worse and now they really screwed up their team. And I don't know, just that Cuban dirk decision. I was, I was thinking about that, about do you play him? Do, if you play him, are you more careful? Like, and Hal Burn's, like, I have no regrets. It was game seven. We had a chance to win the title, but I don't know, something still doesn't sit right with it with me. I I agree. It's like that old, that old parable where the guy drowns and he blames God for, you know, for not saving him.


It's like we have, we, we have a, we have a lot of evidence. We, It lasts five years that show that these types of calf injuries lead to a catastrophic injury like an Achilles tear. The Durant situation. I think Dame's injury was kind of some of that, him coming back from, you know, deep vein thrombosis and being thrust right back into a high pressure, high octane situation. Like we've got the evidence, it's, it's out there. It's you, you could just point to it and say this is the kind of stuff that not only can happen, but but does happen at a frequently alarming way weight rate. And, and I don't know what you tell, like, like Rick Carlisle, you know, I was at all those games and all the pre-game stuff and Rick Carla, every single pre-game was like, we're watching him, we're watching him, we're watching him.


So obviously they're probably tell, and even Halliburton, I think after game five maybe like somebody asked him like, have you been told that there's not a high risk of injury? He is like, no, I have not been told that. Like he knew that something was possible, you know, there. But I don't know how you tell a guy in game seven of the NBA final, whether or not he made three of the first five shots that he took three threes. I don't know how you tell a guy going in like go at 80%. Like it's impossible to tell a guy just Be, yeah, just be careful. Be careful, be careful. You kind of can't do that. 'cause he was careful in game six, he wasn't that good Unless you're gonna, you know, camp him out in the corner and have him be a decoy. Then th this, this was always a potential Situation.


Maybe that's what they should have done. I mean they kind of did that, they kind of did that for, was it game six for a lot of game six? Yeah, I think it was, he, he was kind of hanging on the perimeter just lingering around. Yeah, maybe they should have gone that route. But like you, you're never gonna be able to tell a guy of that caliber like, Hey man, this could happen. Don't push off as hard, don't break to the basket. If you see an opening like it, it's too hard to have a guy compartmentalize that stuff. Yeah. I don I'm still wrapping my head around it. I I've never seen a But you, but who do you blame? Do you like, like I could I don Yeah, it sounds like I don't blame anybody because it's obviously his choice. He wants to play. It's no different than like, we both love boxing and we love UFC and people make decisions with their bodies and their heads and we watch it over and over again.


And you can't be like you dummy, you shouldn't have played. Obviously he wanted to play. It was super risky, but I've never, I mean to come that quote, when you think of like the two sliding doors of this guy was un to be the hero of that game. And then in at the seven, six minute mark whenever it was, all of a sudden he's done for a year. Like I, I've never seen anything like that. The t and the Tatum thing was horrible when that happened. I mean that was one of the more traumatic, we had two of the most traumatic NBA injuries we've ever had in the span of a month. And nobody's been able to explain this Achilles thing. I was texting with Doc about it and I was like, nobody had these old, these were old guys' injuries.


These are injuries. Like my uncle Bob started playing pickleball and he blew out his achilles. Like, these don't happen to people in their primes. And Doc we were saying, I was like, when, when you were playing, I was saying this to doc, like, you know, you, you just play pickup in the summer, right? It's, you weren't doing these like 365 days a year all this training and practicing euro steps and footwork and maybe it's too much. Like maybe they really have to reevaluate all the stuff they're doing. Doc was saying we just played pickup every day on concrete in a hundred degree weather and then our knees went. So in the old days the knees went and now it feels like it's the below the knees is starting to go.


And I don't think it's a coincidence that two of the best guys who still were arrow pointing up for their careers had this injury that nobody had before recently Is, is there, so I I've texted a few medical people, you know, team trainers, whatnot for theory. It's all theory at this point. But is there anything to the idea that maybe now more than ever, these guys are just basketball players? Like they're they're not, they're not The specialists. You, You, yeah. You, you grow up, you know, a lot of guys you cover, back in the day they were football players. They were, you know, hockey players. If they grew up in the northeast, like they were playing other sports nowadays it's, it's straight basketball.


Like Cooper Flag is is a actually an example. I spent a better part of a couple of weeks around him. Did he blow you away? Him personally? No. No. Okay. You know who's, I mean the, the greatest, like he was on the cover of the magazine. The greatest Cooper flag supporter is sc like he's out of his mind in support of his guy. He thinks he's like LeBron, like this is, you know, He might have to settle down a tad, but you Do, you, you put, you put together your Mount Rushmore tomorrow like in or day one of the season scout's gonna have Cooper flag on the top of that, that Mount Rushmore. But he's like, to this point, like he grew up, you know, in first grade, second grade he was a great football player, you know, this is why they consider a prodigy great at everything football played soccer, played baseball, but just stopped after I think second or third grade whenever it was.


And then just focused entirely on basketball. That's what a lot of these guys, Jason Tatum, when he got to a young age, you know, got with Drew Hanlin when he was young and started working on skills. Just this, I wonder if there's anything to the singular focus on the game where you're not gonna, you know, doing other things that might protect your, your, your body from these types of, of injuries. Again, it's all theoretical, but this kind of came up with a couple of, of training people that, that I've talked to, but it's worth looking into more if you're the NBA, like having, having Kobe, Terry's Achilles in the back end of his career is one thing. Having, you know, an alpha, an MVP candidate like Tatum, the star of the postseason, like Halliburton, like this is something that, that they need to look at.


Yeah. Kobe who was playing those 48 minute games during that stretch, right? And he is at the end of his career and he pushed it too far and it made sense. It doesn't, these, the equipment's too good. The training stuff's too good. The medicine's too, everything's too good for, to have this injury. I don't really fully understand it and I also don't understand why it's not happening in other sports. Right. Like it's not happening in tennis, you know, it's not, I think Tiger Torres Achilles in golf, but it's just, anyway, that was, that was quite a tangent we just did.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA. Cracking open a cold one on a hot summer day is one of the best feelings, but it's even better when it feels like you earned it. Like in a friendly little competition. It's always better when there's something worth playing for. And Michelob ULTRA, a superior light beer is a pretty great prize. Hmm. I would, I mean I would be all tennis for Michelob ULTRA because that's what I do all summer because tennis is an actual sport unlike pickleball. So tennis, doubles, singles, whatever. Let's play for an ultra, fill your fridge with Michelob ULTRA this summer@doordash.com. Enjoy responsibly copyright 2025 Anheuser-Busch Michelob ULTRA Light Beer, St. Louis, Missouri.


This episode is brought to by LinkedIn. During the season, every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a hot month or two. You need sustained dominance throughout. While the same is true for your small business, it's not enough to have a great Q2 or even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires. That'll be there for the long haul to find those hires use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you, you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is presented by State Farm on the basketball court. The best players know when to pass and off the court. You still need teammates who are there when accounts. That's where State Farm comes in with agents to help you find coverage that's right for you. You can focus on what really matters. Whether that's hitting game winners or just getting through the day, like a good neighbor State Farm is there. State Farm coverage options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state what players, so you're, you're obviously texting a million people and we're all sifting through the same bullshit.


Not knowing what's real and not real. And then anytime a trade happens it's like that's a trade. Like I thought Drew was going to Dallas or Phoenix. I really did and I would've bet on Dallas. I would've bet. I thought Dallas was like minus 200 for a Drew home. I thought it was gonna be two pieces. One gets rerouted to Brooklyn or Atlanta, wherever and their trade exception. Boston keeps the other piece and Dallas gets Drew. Portland comes and then it's like, oh yeah, they've loved him the whole time. I was like, really? I didn't hear that once. Is there a player that you're hearing floated around a name that has surprised you as we are now 24 hours away from the draft? Is there somebody you're like, whoa, that guy, I don Dunno if it's a sup.


Well, new Orleans is very much open for business that Zion, not particularly, but they're a team that is determined to shake things up. Like could Herb Jones be available in New Orleans? I mean that's a small name, but I think that's something interesting. Again, I don't know what Philadelphia is going to to do here. Are they, do they just sit on that draft pick and take it to, to try to package it to, is Paul George in play? You know, I I've heard some of that over, It lasts 24 hours or so that they could be looking to To trade back with Paul George.


Yeah, yeah. To do something there. Yeah, those, the Philly stuff is what I've been most looking at. I think the Charlotte thing is the next one. I think Charlotte is very open for business at number four to move down and I think there's a team that's gonna be in play that tries to move up and, and take and take that Charlotte spot. I'm intrigued by the equippers who don't seem like they have a lot going on, but also don't seem to be super happy with their roster. Just like what, where's the evidence? They're gonna be better this year than or this coming year than they were were, and I thought they were right there with some of these other teams, but I also think they're gonna be a year older next year.


I, I'm just, they've been quiet, which makes me suspicious. And then the, the team I cannot figure out for the life of me is Miami. 'cause I've heard they didn't offer anything for Durant. If you talk to some different, like NBA team people, they're like, we heard the Miami thing was like close to being done and something happened. I don't know what to believe anymore and I don't know what Miami's up to. And, and you know, usually they're star hunting right around now and they've been quiet too and I don't know, are they gonna zag and go the other way? I don dunno. The Miami part of it, from what I heard after the deal got done was, you know, Khalil Ware was off the table and, and really the only thing that was on the table was Wiggins some contract filler, a little bit of draft capital, nothing at All.


Substantial. Yeah. What the fuck? Substantial. That's like nothing. They didn't, which means they didn't really want him. I, I but I bill, I I don't know who like, besides Houston who really wanted him this off season. I think the Clippers you mentioned them, I think they were interested. They just don't have anything to really offer that Phoenix might be looking for San Antonio. Did you hear San Antonio was clear? There was some, I don I don't know if the Harden tires were kicked. Oh no, no. That that wouldn't be, that would be bad. It, it didn't work. But I'll, I'll put it this way. It don't think Harden's game seven went over great.


You think? I don't think it went over great with literally anybody on the, on the clippers. So, and, but I also don't think there's a market for him. But no, like if we were talking about like most shocking name that you could see getting traded in the next week, that isn't actually shocking. He would be on my list. I just don't know who he'd be trading for. I mean, there was no market for him last off season and the Clippers gave him a deal that he, he never would've gotten anywhere else like that was, I never understood that deal at the time, I don't think the Clippers want to pay Norman Powell long term either. They did not had a gr had a great year last year. But has he plateaued as a player?


Is that gonna be a co if they give him money, is that gonna be a contract they're trying to get off of? Yeah. In two years. I think they, they have that mindset to just the Durant stuff. Like I I, I've been writing Houston since last February. 'cause I, I knew from being around the Rockets how much IME liked him and how much Durant respected IEE from the Brooklyn days and the USA basketball days and how well the fit worked. Like I, I went down there in, in February, March to do something on, on Ahed and, and like even then, like Raphael Stone was, you know, on and off the record was like, we're not doing anything. Like we're, we we're trying to see what this team looks like Yeah. In the playoffs. And They got, They got their look, They got the look. Jalen Green's not the guy, Jalen Green is never gonna be the guy. So now they go out and maybe it's not a, a round peg, round hole type of fit given the age of Durant.


But I believe that Kevin Durant is still capable of being like one of the best scores in the NBA for 65 plus games in the season. And I think given what I saw from that team in the playoffs last year, yeah, that's exactly who they need. Like Especially in the play in the playoffs themselves. A hundred percent. That's what they need. You replace, you replace Kevin Durant, healthy Kevin Durant with you swap out Jalen Green. They beat Golden State in the first round. Like I, I don know how, what the ceiling is after that. But they beat Golden State in the first round. I, I think, I think the Rockets who are gonna get real organic growth from their young guys next year, starting with Thom, I think is an absolute monster waiting to, to, to break out.


I I think they're now in play to win the Western conference. And if I was looking at the biggest, biggest threats to Oklahoma City next year without knowing exactly what Denver's gonna look like, I would say Houston's at the top of that list. We agree. And I also, what what's so interesting about that trade, I wish I had said this Sunday when we talked about it, it feels like they still have a trade left. They were able to keep enough assets to do another move. Like I don't think the Celtics are trading Jalen and I hope they don't. But if they did trade Jalen weirdly, Houston is still the best home for him being, they'd have to put the Van Bleed thing in it to make it work. But, and I think Tar Easton would have to be in it. But they, with all the picks they have, there's a move now, little reminiscent, we've seen this in years.


Like the oh seven to oh eight Celtics was the best example of like, you do this one move and then that opens the door for the second move. Makes more sense. Right. Do the Ray Allen trade now KG trade makes more sense than it did if it was just gonna be kg. And Paul, I I just, I can't count out Jalen in Houston, even though I don't want Boston or Trey Jalen, I don't think they're going to, I, I don't know that Houston has enough to get Boston's attention there. Like the, the Van League contract and, and what else? Like you want to take on the sons picks in 27 and 29 like you want. I mean that, I don't know that how, how Jaylen's gotta be Worth more than that basic to be all the, basically all the picks and Easton and Ben Weed's contract.


You're right. It probably isn't enough. But see it's enough for somebody and it keeps them in the Giannis Yeah. Giannis area too in January, February. If that goes bad. I thought San Antonio was the most, and I I said this at the, you know, a couple weeks ago. I, I thought San Antonio is the most interesting team for Jalen. If, if they decided to go that direction now I think And and still are. Still are, but like I think the Spurs maybe just keeping their powder dry in case the Giannis thing just bursts and like they can make a play there. Yeah. But if that's not on the table table, they can very easily put together a package that makes a lot of sense for both sides. I to bring it full circle to boss though, like I, I like that. It sure seems like they're not jettisoning Jalen here like that that I think was a thought, you know, as they were trying to figure out what to do with this team moving forward.


Yeah. But I like that they're not dumping this guy because it's hard to get two guys like Tatum and Brown. Like it's hard to get two guys that, you know, can win together on a championship level. And I like that they're keeping him intact, keeping him there and presumably gonna keep him as part of a two or three person core that they're gonna build around in the summer of 2026. I just think that's the right move for them to make. And look, teams were calling about Jalen, several of them calling to see the availability. It Was a hot market for him in white. There's no question. No question. But the Celtics were pretty firm that, that, you know Yeah. Next year may suck for them.


You know, it may, it may even be a lottery year, which I don't think would disappoint too many people given that they have their pick. It may be bad. Yeah. But 2026 we're back like, you know, y'all must have forgot like with, with with us in, in the fall of 2026 when Tatum comes back from that injury. That's, that to me is what their, their mindset is. You know, who's not tanking? Joe Missoula, who's this absolute psycho, Oh, isn't this fascinating? I'm glad you brought that up. I'm glad you brought that up. Would be an absolute psychology experiment. Watching him intentionally lose games and play lineups that would, there's just no way. I don't see it. That's why I think that, I think it's more likely they win 48 to 50 games than 32 to 35 games.


But it, it may be inescapable that they're, they're not that good that there may be a 500 type of team. I I'm fascinated to see how Joe Missoula handles mediocrity. Like does he like start plucking his eyebrows like after like a three game losing streak? No, They're gonna have to put him on like meds. I think he's gonna have to be sedated. Like when like, like with with, when you have little kids and you, you put them on an airplane and you just have to make sure like that you, Hey will you take this Benadryl? I need you, I need to, I need to knock you out for a second. I don't think he'll be able to handle it. I mean he takes losses so hard. We saw that during, It lasts couple of seasons. You might Have take a leave of absence. Maybe he just leaves the team in January.


It's like Joe's gonna go learn, learn a next level of muy Thai in Thailand for the next four months and we'll bring him back in June Just walking around challenging guys to muy Thai fights across Europe and Africa. Like I could, I could see that. I, I could see that it will be, it. It'll be interesting to see how he, he deals with it because, wait, can we, Can we say this will Be new? Say, can we say one thing on Jalen Brown? Yeah. I think it'd be a huge mistake to trade him. Unless it was like for 200 cents in the dollar and especially after like what the Red Sox did. Not to compare the same situation with Mookie. 'cause that was different and they just didn't want to pay him and they were fucking assholes. I just, I wanna see Brown and Tatum together and I think Jaylen's like really important in the city.


Like he really gives a shit about the right things. And I don't think you can lose guys like that if You don't have to. Like there, nobody expects them to win the title next year. The salaries are gonna be nuts, but they're gonna be able to reset this whole apron thing and then make another three year run. And I just don't see it. I was actually looking at the OKC trying to figure out when they get screwed. 'cause this is one of the legacies of this Celtics run. And then you think like, okay, see oh, they're so positioned and they are in a lot of ways, right? They're young, they have draft picks, they have flexibility, but then they really don't, when we get to the 27, 28 season, I was trying to map out if they give Chet and Jalen Williams the, you know, the contract extensions, which would be five for 2 47, right?


And nobody takes less anymore. Like Chet's like I wanna help the team. I'll do five for 200. Like he's gonna take the 2 47. So that would kick in in the 26, 27 season. And Shea's super Max really kicks in for the 27, 28 season. All of a sudden he'd be making 65.5 million a year. And Chet and JW would, would, would be making 46 and 46. So just for those three guys, you're looking at $158 million for three guys. And the second apron for that year would be around two 30. Yeah. Cap will go up. It'll Yeah, those numbers. Yeah, I was, I was trying to factor in the cap because the cap goes up 10% max every year and the apron's tied to that.


So they'd have about 70 million left for the rest of their roster after those three guys. And the point is, the N NBA's created this league now where even if you do everything correctly, you make all the right trades, all the right draft picks, you just fucking nail every step. You're still fucked like three years later. And the Celtics are the latest example. We're seeing Denver now that they can't even build around. Yeah, I wanna talk about that in a second. But I just think when, I wish I had said this on Sunday night when we talk about like, oh, they're gonna own the rest of the decade. It's like, I think we're talking three, four year windows for anybody. 'cause it's too hard after that. Yeah. Th they're look, they're more equipped than any team in It lasts, what, five, six years Right?


To have sustained success. I mean, Milwaukee, they didn't have it in part because they went all in to get a guy like holiday and, and cost themselves some picks then they missed. True. And they and they traded Drew assets too. Yeah. And, and they, they missed like on these picks though. Like that's a big part of it too. Like the guys they drafted can't play Denver. Kind of the same thing. Not as far as giving away draft capital, but when the veterans got too expensive for that team and maybe they should have spent a little more money, especially on a guy like KCP, their young players were not ready to step in and, and play Well. And then they did the Zeke Magic extension. They extended Porter to the point that he's unt tradable making 40 million A year.


I insane. Like what that felt, what was that? It was like a Walmart deal there. That was a Yeah, that was an deal for that was bad. A bad one. Oklahoma City to me though is, is a little bit different. And, and, and you know this, but like the way that the contracts are set up over the next three years, help them navigate the books. And I'm talking about the team options. Like there are a lot of team options that you look at that those books Bill, that those, yeah, that doesn't happen in today. Could be done in a year. Harden's got a team option next summer. Isaiah Joe I think has a team option. He does the year after that. Lou dot, Lou dot does as well. Another one there. Like you can either let these guys go and shave that money off your books and get underneath one of those aprons. Or you can convince someone like Hartenstein to, you know, take a little bit less to stick around and be part of maybe something he likes.


Being a part of Dot Dorn I think might be different. I think there's gonna be a big market for Dort next summer if he's a free agent. I I think he's a great player. But you've got Kaon Wallace looking to step in and look even next year like I did a little and that's okay. Him, I did a little reporting bill around young Nicola Topi during the finals. Hmm. Lot of Oklahoma City excitement about Nicola Topi, right? Lot of guys that have been scrimmaging with him, you know, Kenrick Williams talked to me for a while about him. Dagal big fan of Nico Topi. Like, it's not a, it's not an obvious path, but if they can just get these guys to hit, if they can get Topi to become part of their top eight or nine as early as next season, if they can get Kaon Wallace to be good enough to step in and replace Lou Dort down the line, if they can hit on one or or two of these next, what is it?


Seven picks right now in the next four years of the draft? They can just hit on these guys. They got the, They got a chance here to do what all those other teams we just mentioned have not done. So I'm, I'm a little more optimistic. Do mundane, Us mundane. Yes. That's another guy that, you know, they're, they have guys, they have guys that, you know, they're not gonna step into your top three or four, but they don't need 'em to do that. They need guys between four and eight to, to be consistent. I think they've got more potential than any team of It lasts in, It lasts five, six years to have that. We 100% agree if any team is gonna pull up to Child kinda way, I'll say on your show, I want all the real estate on Topi Island. I'm in too. I'm I'll, I'll go. You get a condo right after, look it up, you get a condo.


So I, I agree with everything you just said. I'm talking three years from now. Here's, here's the counter. And did you, I didn't, you didn't go to Indiana right? For three and four? I did. Yeah. Oh, I didn't, somehow I didn't see you. Yeah, Somehow Dort and Cruz on won game four and that was the game they needed to win this series. And the problem with all of this is you still need guys like that. So it's like, oh yeah, Wallace will praise Lou dot. It's like Willie Lou Dot was fucking awesome in that game four. And so it was Caro and it's like, and you think about like the Celtics in 24, like Drew Holiday in the Indiana series.


Like some of the stuff he was doing, the poor Zynga, the Boost he was, you just lose that and the series can tilt in the wrong way. And I, I honestly think if Indie wins game four, that series is done in six, I really believe it. I think Indy would've finished the series. I think there was this moment in time in that second half where they had the series and they just couldn't close it. So we'll see if they can do it. They have to keep hitting on the topi types of like whoever, like they had, they take like they can keep replenishing that dork Caruso spot maybe. What did you think of the Kroy thing today? That I got a lot of texts about that one today. Kroy just, he's like, yeah, we basically opened the door for, we might have to trade Yoic if he doesn't wanna sign an extension.


It was the most needless media story I've ever seen, which makes it thinking, makes me think it was intentional. I just don't think you make a mistake like that in a press conference when all of these guys are trained to just measure your words, say things carefully. I don't think it was an accident. I really don't. I I haven't, I've read the quote, I haven't watched the quote and I always wanna watch it first just to make sure to understand fully the context. But the right answer for any question about Nicole Yoic is we're building around him forever. We want a statue of him in in front of the building. That's, that's it. That's it. Full Stop's it. He's never playing anywhere else. He's our guy.


Him saying it Way, he's the word word trade. The word trade should never wind up in the same three sentences within three sentences of Nicole Yoku ever. But the Way he framed it was like, it, it made me think, and this, there's always been this stuff floating around who knows this if it's true, but it made me wonder if they think he wants to be there for the rest of his career or not the way it was. There was something weird about the way he said it that made me think they're nervous that if anybody's just gonna be like, I'll see you guys later. I'm gonna go over here now. Like I, who knows, who knows what that dude, I don know. I thought I, I just thought it was a notable moment. Sometimes in the NBA there would be these little press conference moments or something said in a locker room or just some sort of tidbit where you go, huh, that kind of came outta nowhere.


What did that mean? So I'm just, I'm noting it. Don't don't you think that, don't you think that like Yoic to me is more likely to just decide at the end of his next contract that he's not gonna play anymore. Like I, I'm just gonna go back to Serbia and race horses and I, I've, I've made enough money and I don't want to train like this anymore. Like that, that, to me, that's always been like something you should be, people should be wary about with yo it's like I, everybody says like he's got the kind of game that could, that's gonna age really well. Yeah, and it probably will, but I don't see him at like age 39, like pulling like an RV to s bonus. Like I, I don't see him, I just don't see him playing until the wheels come off.


I think he's got a clock in his head for exactly how long he wants to play. But re regardless the, so I've heard, I've heard this theory that he is really likely, this was going around like a year ago. If anyone's likely to just be like, I'll see you guys later. Thanks for everything. It's him. I don't believe it. That dude's too competitive. And you, you've been to some of these playoff games when he's really locked in and he's yeah, a maniac. I don't think you're gonna be like, all right, I'm just gonna play in a shitty league now. I think that guy wants to, you know, that what he did against OKC with the supporting cast he had, especially as we saw what happened with this KC team.


Pretty, pretty crazy.


This episode is brought to you by Yeti Summer is basically here and if you're getting outside, you need to check out Yeti hard coolers. They're built like tanks, super durable. They hold ice for days like their Tundra 65 iconic for a reason. Just an absolute beast for tailgates or tournaments. The roadie 32 wheeled cooler. That one's awesome. You can pack it with a ton. Just roll it along and if you want something super portable, the roadie 15 is perfect. It even fits wine bottles. Find your cooler and gear up for summer with Yeti hard coolers.


This episode is brought to you by ultra running. Every pair of ultra shoes has a roomy toe box and zero to load drop, which lets your toes spread and keeps your foot in a more natural position. All in the name of comfort and performance with a variety of styles. There's a shoe for everyone. It's comfort. You have to feel to believe. Try ultra for yourself with a free 30 day trial and free shipping@ultrarunning.com.


What else did we have? Anything else we need to hit before we go? I mean I, we, I wanna talk boxing at the tail end, but any other NBA storylines you're excited about or No, I think that's, yeah, that's here. Here's, lemme, lemme throw at you. The, the NBA storyline that might not be applicable now. Okay. But could be a year from now. 'cause I think this is the potential biggest free agent that could be out there. Sam Presti in Oklahoma City. Like, we're gonna get two expansion teams probably in the next three years. I think the NBA is gonna step on the gas with the expansion now that the Lakers sold for $10 billion. Like, You know, who's roadblocking them right now? James Dolan. Yeah. He's got, he's got a little cabal of anti expansion owners that he's trying to just, just to, because he doesn't want it, he doesn't wanna share the media rights.


Yeah. But James Dolan doesn't wanna share anything and or he doesn't. He votes no. At every single board of Governor's meetings, he does go back and look at some of these meetings. Like how many of them are 29 to one? Like he sends his consigliere in. 'cause he doesn't really go to vote. I think he has a couple people this time though. I don this Expansion. Wanna, yeah, I think this expansion thing's a little not enough, little more complicated than people are giving a credit for Him, including, it might, might be, but it's not, it's not enough. Like, well, how many do you need to expand? Is it two thirds that? I thought it was three-fourths, but it's somewhere in there. Three. Maybe. Either, either way. I don't think that Dolan has enough to, to block i i as many as that maybe out there that quietly don't want it. I think there's a lot that very publicly can, well, Can you imagine? People are like, yeah, I'm in the Dolan block, Dolan's leading the way.


I'm on his side with the like can you imagine like aligning with that? Yeah. I'm taking the expansion fee anyway, But like to on, on the expansion side, like let's just assume Vegas and Seattle Liberty believes that's how it's gonna play out. Like if you're the new sonics, what's Sam Presti worth to you? Piece of the team. If You're a piece of the Team, like 2% of the team, 1% whatever. Same thing with the Vegas GAMBLER, whatever the hell they're gonna be called. Worth the exact same thing. I think like Sam, I think. But Seattle's better though because I agree that that's the, we lost this guy to Oklahoma City. Yeah. Now we brought him back to be our architect. He, he was 29 when he came. Here he is 49 when he is coming back and he's gonna build this team the way he, you know, it's, it's prophecy fulfilled, all that stuff.


I I don't know that Sam is looking to leave Oklahoma, but he's been there a very long time and he's not only won them a championship, which is the priority, but he set them up and presumably a Rob Hennigan who would replace him, who I I hasn't been seen much in It lasts 10 years. Wow. But his his his lieutenant there. Yeah. He's got it set up. So there's a, a ascension there. And look, I I've been saying at the time, and I know you knew it too, like Sam, when, when Boston was open before Brad Stevens got it, like Sam was interested, Sam was interested in that job Back. But the funny thing was Boston really wasn't open. I mean, that was, he wasn't, it was one of the things is like, we went from Danny to Brad. They had a brad coaching situation and a big contract for him.


They had Danny ready to, and it just, I I I don't think Presti, did he ever get to throw his hat in the ring? No, I don't think He did. But it, but e externally, nobody, I don't think externally people knew it was gonna be that clean and ascension. Right. I I think people on the outside thought there might be, it might be an open job. And I think when it was thought that way, there was some, I I think there was interest, Well, back background, Presti, Massachusetts went to Emerson. Yeah. Like Dream was to work for the Celtics and just never happened. Still hangs out in New England in the summertime. Yeah. With his family. Like Zilla does all that. I'm just saying like, he, he wouldn't have any reason to feel bad about leaving Oklahoma City. He, he helped win them a championship and he built a winner that can be there sustainable for the next three or four years.


The chance to do something like build a team from, from scratch. For a guy like Sam Presti who has built two, you know, a title contender back in 2012 with the, with the peak of the Durant Harden Westbrook years and a title winner that may have won multiple championships by the time. Right. His quote free agency comes up. I just think that's something to watch. I I think that whatever two teams get the expansion rights, I, I think he is going to be someone that's on their radar and I don't think there's any price probably too high for getting a guy like Sam Presty to run your team Mannix. He'd done it again. It's a great call. He's accomplished his job.


He won the action movie. He saved everybody in the burning building. Now if he leaves, you couldn't be mad about it. There's also like, if he left, like, I don't think expansion's gonna be a couple years from now. That's right around the time maybe you'd wanna get away from this OKC thing. But he had an incredible run. If I'm Seattle, I guess the precedence would be like Pat Riley in Miami 30 years ago and they brought him in. He got a little taste of the team and the whole thing. All right, well, we'll see what happens in the draft. Let's do boxing really quick though. Casual boxing fan Bill is here. Love it. Big fight Bill. Big Fight Bill, who didn't even know that you were announcing one of the Paul brothers this weekend in Anaheim, but who, who's he?


It's Jake Paul. Who's he fighting this weekend? He's fighting Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. Oh. Who, who a, a lifetime ago was the middleweight champion of the world. Has fallen on some hard times as of late Young Chavez Jr. Has had some documented drug and alcohol problems. He actually lost to Anderson Silva in a boxing match, which was not a good look. Oh my God. A couple of years ago. But he's got a big name and he's got a decent following and there's a lot of Mexicans on the Undercard. So this is gonna be a, a interesting arena for Jake Paul on Saturday. Okay. What's our big fight of this summer? What are we looking forward to It.


Usik dubois too is the most interesting right now. Dubois knocked out by Usik 2023, like almost. It'll be almost to the day of the month when he got knocked out by us. He's back in with him. But Deis has changed a lot over, It lasts two years. Yeah. I mean, he has gotten like a heart and confidence transplant. Like he, he gets with a new trainer and Don Charles who's a very, very vocal guy and as much about, you know, motivation, kind of Mickey esque as he is about tactics. And he's helped him put together a run that includes Jarrell Miller, Philip Perkovich, and everybody saw the Anthony Joshua knockout. Like that was the crowning achievement and the title winning win for, for DUIs.


Now he gets another crack at Usic who just continues to be an all time great. Doesn't show any signs of slowing down. But I think, you know, if this fight was made a year, year and a half ago, wouldn't have interested me at all. The fact that it's happening now after the, the AJ win, I think it's really interesting. It's gonna be like 80,000 fans in Wembley stadium for, for that fight. And I, I think it's, it's, it's an interesting fight now that Dubois has been on this run. I can't wait because nothing is more fun than throwing Usic in a parlay with other sports and he's just the most reliable leg every time. Just keep betting on him till he loses. See, I'm already, I I'm already so in the positive on usic fights. Like it's, everything's gravy from this point on, but I'm gonna keep throwing him in There.


And he, and also Deontay Wilder's back bill on Friday in Kansas places he has, he has come back and he is looking to make one more run at 39 years old ready to go. Here's a good, here's a good question for you that I, I guarantee your podcast partner, Sergio Moura wouldn't set you up with an AlleyOOP like this. Who has a chance to be boxing's? Caitlyn Clark. Oh, the Outta Nowhere person. That would get everybody excited about the casual fans. Is there anybody, because I, I've given up on bli, I sold my stock at a loss. Yeah, That's a good idea. Yeah.


Boxing's Caitlyn Clark. Just that, the, the, the out of nowhere somebody that could kind of train even somebody who could be like, as big as Oscar was or Canella was in the early years. It's hard to, to, like, I thought Ryan Garcia could have been that guy two years ago. That's, That's out the door. That stock is done. That Stock's gone. That's stock is sold. And the the problem with being able to predict that is that the, the amateur ranks are garbage. Like nobody comes out of the Olympics anymore. Like Oscar used that gold medal as a springboard. You know, even wild.


Even wild. Oh wait, yeah. You wanna get even more recent, won a bronze medal. Bronze bomber used that as a springboard. Like men's us Olympians have not had a good run for decades now. So I, I don't know. You know, there, there's a lot of teenagers I've seen Coming up the ranks. You know, here's one in the heavyweight division, Moses of Tama. I Don Dunno if you've heard that name before, but he's fought a bunch of like B level guys that has knocked 'em all out. He, he has that, he's 20 years old and has a little Mike Tyson vibe to him. Ooh. Little bit of, a little bit of a Mike Tyson. He's knocking guys out early, like very early. He's not super big either. He is like six foot three, but he is got this ridiculous hand speed that guys just can't keep up with.


He's fighting in August against Dian Whites and Dillon White used to be a pretty good fighter in the uk, but as long since passed his prime, that is going to be another spectacular knockout for Moama. That, that's a guy I would watch. He's, I don know about the Kaitlyn Clark potential 'cause he is a Brit and, but like, does he have Anthony Joshua potential in terms of popularity? He might. He might. And if he fights over in the US more, maybe he gets one of those Lennox Lewis type followings that made Lennox a star. That's a good one. Good name. All right. Mannix, good luck in Anaheim. I hope the Celtics don't do anymore trades after we just finished this podcast leading with Celtics trades.


But I would, I would just, you know, the, the, the Hauser jersey you've got in your house there, Oh Man. Might be, might be a collective's item. Maybe not before the draft, but at some point this off season could be a collective's item. All right. Thanks Mannix. Good to see you. You got it. Alright. That's it for the podcast. Thanks to Chris Mannix. Thanks to Eduardo and Geha as always. And don't forget, I'm coming right back after round one of the NBA draft on Wednesday night. Be ready for that. Don't forget about diehard with a vengeance, the re watchable. It's up and I will see you in 24 hours.


Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem, call 100 GAMBLER or visit rg-help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 8 3 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y in New York.


This episode is brought to by LinkedIn. During the season, every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a hot month or two. You need sustained dominance throughout. Well, the same is true for your small business. It's not enough to have a great Q2, even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires. That'll be there for the long haul to find those hires. Use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is supported by FXs The Bear, the Emmy award-winning series returns following Carmi, Sydney and Richie, as they push forward, determine not only to survive, but also to take the bear to the next level. This season, the pursuit of excellence isn't just about getting better, it's about deciding what's worth holding onto. FX is the Bear. All episodes now streaming on Hulu.