
Coming up Thanksgiving weekend football. Always fun. Cousin Sal. Next


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. While you're watching your team win or lose, get home security off of your holiday shopping list because SimpliSafe is already having a Black Friday sale. How is that possible? It's an easy way to protect your home and loved ones their active guard. Outdoor protection is one of the reasons why I love using SimpliSafe. It prevents crime before it even happens. Agents can see potential intruders in real time, Talk to them. set off your spotlights and call police And. with SimpliSafe. There's no long term contracts, No cancellation fees, and it's around $1 a day This week only. you can take 60% off any new system with a select professional monitoring plan. Head to SimpliSafe dot com slash bs to claim your discount and make sure your home is safe this season. Again, that's SimpliSafe with two as SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA. It's tip off time for NBA Cup. So I hope you're already and stocked up on Michelob ULTRA. Now notice how I called it NBA cup and not the NBA cup. Trying to get that going. We'll see how it goes. I really left how they're getting fans. Closer to all the actual with Michelob ULTRA Courtside. It has exclusive content and prizes like Courtside seats. A trip to the Paris Global game or to All Star Weekend and much more. Learn how you can get closer to the action. Visit Michelob ULTRA dot com slash courtside. Michelob ULTRA superior access Courtside 24 25 sweepstakes. No purchase necessary open to US residents. 21 plus begins on 10. 1 24 goes through 7 1 25. Visit mlo bocher.com/courtside for free Entry. Entry deadlines and official rules and void where prohibited.


We're also brought to by The Ringer. Podcast Network. You can watch all the quis and videos from The Bill Simmons Podcast on my YouTube channel. It's called the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. So I'm not sure we're gonna have a re watchable podcast this week. I know, I know. We've had a pretty good streak. It was, it was just a variety of things that happened over the last eight, nine days and it just like, we lost our studio Thanksgiving week. I have a bunch of stuff at the beginning of this week and it just doesn't look like we're going to be able to tape a podcast. So we might take the week off. But here's the thing. We've done, I think 365 movies.


A bunch of them are on the Ringer movies, YouTube channel. We have seven years worth of podcasts to listen to. And I would just encourage you to go back if you, if you miss us on the re watchable, its just go back and listen to one of the old ones. Or you can watch Yacht Rock a documentary on Max because that documentary premiered on Friday and people loved it. I was fired up. People really liked it and it's doing well. And you could just go, instead of listening to the re watchable, just go watch our, our yacht rock documentary. But I apologize, we'll be back next week. I'm also gonna be in Denver with Illa this week. We are doing a live show. It's already sold out, but really look forward to going.


I think we're going to the Nuggets game on Tuesday night as well to see Yoic in his own domain in Denver. So that's gonna be super fun coming up on this podcast. Cousin Sal and I are gonna break down everything that happened today and across the week. Always a strange three Thursday games, a Friday game, all the Sunday games. So we're gonna try to remember everything that happened, see where it stands and where it's headed. All next. Our friends, We are live on YouTube.


We are live on the BS podcast. Cousin Sal is here It is 8:15 PM Feels a little early for us on a Sunday night, right? Yeah. They did a nice job of just running and running and running the ball so that we can get out early and talk about the sloppy, sloppy game. But, but I, I I don Bill, forget Halle Steinfeld. I'm gonna marry Josh Allen right now. I'll take, he threw a pass. Eddie caught for a TD say play. I've never seen that. I don't, I don't care if my son Jack is freezing his balls off on the field. Huh? I'm gonna marry that Josh out. You watch my son Jack is like Jack Torrance freezing to death in a chair.


Yes. No second time in a week and a half for us. It felt a little less special after Brown Steelers, but was still really fun. Yeah. Do you like it? You like the game? I don't, I don't, it's, I mean, after we watched football for 10 hours Yeah. It was fun to have a wrinkle of a game that actually looked a little bit different. And the, the big thing was this McCaffrey them playing him in those conditions and yeah, we don't know. We're, we're taping this and we don't know how badly he got hurt, but he limped off. It didn't look great. There were like a injury pop in his ankle. Yeah. Yeah. There were injury doctors like studying, did his calf jingle jiggle and all this stuff. But I don't know why they played him. It wasn't a game.


I thought they really had a lot of a chance to win. Buffalo was like a touchdown favorite. It wasn't a game that necessarily made or break made or broke their season. 'cause they have a bunch of stuff later. And, it just felt like even watching it, I, I was surprised they didn't talk about it more in the lead up to the game in the first quarter. Right. Because he didn't seem healthy the last couple weeks. I think the problem with these games, well first of all with these snow games, it's like, it's either gonna be six to three, right. Which is like kind of disappointing. Or it's gonna be like we just saw where everybody's sliding for nine yards. Like, dude, this is backyard football right now. And so I think they put him in there because they know, I mean, who's better at like quick stepping through holes than McCaffrey if he's healthy was gonna be the game if he's healthy.


Yeah. I mean he was looking good early on, but yeah, they got, they got smoked. I mean, Josh Allen's just perfect for that weather. Tough fantasy thing. If you had him, you're counting on him for a Sunday night. Tough for the Niners fans. The year from hell was officially happening. But I was thinking like playing McCaffrey in that kind of weather. It would've been like at the, how many people did you have for Thanksgiving? 20. So if you said, Hey, all the relatives over 70, let's, let's all start doing shots. Somebody would've said, bad idea. Don't do that. Yeah. But we did it. We did it anyway. You did it anyway. It was, it was Zapp, Snider der the caff and the snow. Same thing. Yeah. I was trying to think, would if Achilles is trending on Twitter, which it was today, would he have been the like minus 400 for Achilles trending on a Sunday?


I would add him a couple other suspects, like people who have already had Achilles injuries, like Rogers, Kevin Durant. But I think he would've been the favorite. That's a really good, I would, could we bet on that? Something like that. Like trending topics. Like if sucking the life out of a team is All right. A Aaron Rogers minus 3,500. Or is it, you know, Bryce Young? No, he was actually good today. I have, well they just said the word. Sometimes it'll just be like Rogers. Yeah. Right. And you just know something bad happened. Yes. You know, this one Achilles not great. My, my wife waited, my wife came in and watched some of the game. She thought the weather was unfair.


She thought it was an advantage for Buffalo and she doesn't understand why they would wanna have advantages in the games. And I was like, well that's why we have the phrase home field advantage. Right? She's like, but why wouldn't they build it snows in Buffalo every year. She went to school in upstate New York. She's like, it's the weather's terrible. Why wouldn't they have like a stadium with a roof? I was like, you don't get it. That's, they actually want this. This is great for them. Right? Like they have this team from Northern California coming in and playing in shitty conditions. You, that's what you want if you're a Bills fan. Right. Abs no doubt about it. We went to college up there. I mean you saw some of this, the second place name is the Dolphins. We saw enough, you know, they were, weren't in Buffalo this week, but we know that strategically.


That's of course how you do it. Yeah. I went up that lake effect snow is, is a real goddamn thing. But yeah, they'll have the advantage for as long as, I mean, they've never sucked in the snow. Right? So that's all you need to know. No, now it just feels like Allen Snow home night game. I put Buffalo. I had a, I had them in a couple teases. It just seemed like I, I'd be shocked if smart this didn't somehow work out for them. You, I'm starting to see from your demeanor, something bad might have happened today with you. No. Are you sure? No. What do you mean? Did you see trend? Did you, did Best Go? Did everything go okay? No, they were fine. I, I had a battle back. I mean, I know this is not the way to do it, but Ohio State just crushed me. I thought that I had a 14 money line parley. But I'm thankful because had the lions blown it like they should have maybe had the chiefs blown it, like they should have, I would've doubled and tripled up on a Ohio State money line partly with something else.


Oh God. But, but no, I had, my only loser was the Ravens and I know we'll get to that, but I, that was such a bummer of a game. That was my only loser too. I did, I did well today. Got got a little luck. You know, I felt like some of the 50 50 games swung my way. Really glad I didn't have any money in that Tampa game. 'cause that seemed Yeah. Like a nightmare. Even though they covered Buffalo going 10 and two now they're still in the two seed Pittsburgh now nine and three two up in the lost column over Baltimore. And yet the odds for, for that division are kind of weirdly close for, for where I thought that was gonna be. Like the Steelers are only like what?


Plus 1 25 and Baltimore's Plus The five. Oh yeah, no minus 1 55 Baltimore's plus 1 25. They play each other again. And they both have that weird Saturday, Wednesday, Saturday Christmas game combo. And I don't think they know how to do the odds for that. No, I think you're right. But looking and you looked at the same games. I do, I think the Steelers home for the Browns next week is the Yeah. Last time they're gonna be favored. Right. So that's why I think it's so tight. But I don't even know what with the Ravens, like they, well say, say that. 'cause I wanna talk Ravens. Yeah. Yeah. So Pittsburgh has Cleveland home then at Philly. At Baltimore on a Saturday under Underdog. Yep. Casey home Christmas and then Pickle Home Cincinnati week 18.


Yeah. Baltimore is a bi, they have the Giants away. Pittsburgh home, Houston home on Christmas, Cleveland home. So they finished with three in a row. The reason I bring this up in the context of Buffalo is because I really want that two seat in the, if I'm in the A, f, C and Buffalo right now is the game Advantage and it feels like Pittsburgh, Baltimore, however this plays out. I don't think either of those teams catches Buffalo the way this is going. Buffalo, you want the 2 3, 3 say you want the two instead. I want the two seed. I wanna play Denver or whoever as the seven seed in that first game. I. Don't, you know, I want a home game in the, I want the two three in the second round potentially.


And I, the two seats sounds great if on Buffalo. Absolutely. And we saw what Buffalo did to Pittsburgh at home last year. Right. They canceled the game 14 times and then finally played it and they won by two touchdowns. It'd be similar to, maybe not similar to what we saw today, but yeah, you definitely want home field if you're an outdoor team like that. Well it's, yeah. And especially this year with that seven seat. But they're also a game behind KC who, you know, that Black Friday game feels like it happened five, you know, five weeks ago. But KC just yet another pulling it outta their assholes game. They're somehow 11 and one. Nobody feels good about it. This last one really feels like of all the, the Isaiah likely a 10 on a scale of one to 10 of, I can't believe you won that game.


The foot on the line. Yeah. Right. The Black Friday was probably like an eight. It was the Raiders. It was Antonio Pierce, it was Aid O'Connell. Like there were things I didn't love about it. If you're, if you're scared for, for them losing, but they somehow steal it. I have no idea how they're 11 and one. Can I say they're already, like they were doing these stats about how it's like happened four times ever. Where a team has won this many games by seven points or less. Like they're already like making history and there's four weeks left. Yeah. That point differential should be about 330 plus three 30 and I think it's plus 54. Yeah. But I, I have a bigger statement to make. I think. Kyle, can you turn on the MySpace camera right now?


Hmm. I feel, did he turn it on? It's always hard to tell. The Chiefs will be the first great team whose legacy is affected by their impact on gambling. I feel like no one back in the day would care if the seventies Steelers or the eighties 49 ERs covered the spread. Yeah. But it's a big deal now. And even though they won on Friday games like that, like leave a bad taste in your mouth. And I feel like they're a great team, but they're not gonna be remembered like your Patriots are. Even if they get to that many Super Bowls, like, damnit, I just couldn't win money off of them. I could never do it. I don't know why so many people bet on 'em. That's just how it is these days. I, it's a great point.


I looked it up. 'cause in our Pix poll that we have, I didn't bet on, I would never bet on the Raiders. That line was so high. It was 12 and a half. And I was like, man, it just doesn't seem like the Chiefs are reliable double figures over anybody. Like what are, what have they been like the last couple years? You go back this year and last year and it's just, they don't have a lot of blowout wins. It's not like the typical like a game like today where Buffalo just beats hella to somebody, but they have a way of hanging around and just figuring out. We've been talking about it for, for months and months. It was somebody who texted, I, I'm blowing this with some friend texted me, probably Hench. Just say Hench. I'm sure it was. No, 'cause this is a wrestling thing he wouldn't have.


Oh, oh yeah. It's the chiefs that become a wrestling finish team. Oh. Where it's like, like remember Hogan in the mid eighties and every Hogan match was the same for five years. Where the guy would beat him up, beat him up, then he would hook up and the guy would beat him up again. Then he'd hook up again and be like, oh he is, maybe this is the time he is not gonna win. And then he'd suddenly, he'd flip it, he'd do the leg drop and he'd win. That's kind of what the chiefs have been doing for two years now. Interesting. See I'd compare it to like a, a weird finish. Like a, a rollup from behind when the referee's not looking. Oh the manager distracts the guy. It's like, oh crap. Oh, like a Mr. Fucci salt in the face kind of finish. Oh, how did they pull that out?


That's ridiculous. The crowd was pumped. It was, it was heat. Mm. Yeah. Something like that. Yeah. Salt. Yeah. Salt to the eyes. You've been doing a lot of meat. You were, you were up today, what were we doing our Sunday pre-game. Yeah. 11 o'clock there. You were on there. Yep. I came on at nine o'clock. I I had like an hour. But you've been doing a lot of media today. We have been doing really well on the pre-game show and John Kremsky is just becoming the weak link. I don know what we do. Do we whack him? Do we do, do we do like Peshy style? Hey jj, you're getting made, you're in The. Ringer, you're getting made and he just walks in the room and there's just plastic on the floors. He ruined. Everybody hit the same game.


Touchdown bed today. Oh, anytime. Touchdown three for four. No, JJ had Ken, Kenneth Walker. What do we do? Do we pull him for a week? Do we bench him? Do, do we bring in another host? What do we do? I'm just, I'm gonna laugh extra hard because you have no idea how seriously he is gonna take this. I know he doesn't. Yo bro was super serious. He's not gonna have a great sense of humor about this and I love him, but yeah, I don't know jj We're kidding. I mean Bill's not kidding, but I, I'm kidding. No, it is good. It's good to have, it's good to have a common barometer for the normal, normal betting as we ascend above with all our greats. No, I feel like I'll turn around in general. Like I, I said it when I was on the show today.


The gravitating toward the bad teams, especially this time of year, unless it's like a straight money line play like the Panthers. I just like House was saying, should we throw the Tennessee and the tees? Yeah. It's like I don't wanna put Tennessee, I had never put them in a tease. I don't trust Will Levi. That would've been over before. The certain teams that are just like, I don't trust there. I I get it. But there is some value. Like I had my best bet was your Patriots over 20 and a half. Like I don't wanna sweat it if they won or something. I know. But for God's sakes we should have had that in the second quarter, right? Yeah. But two touchdowns called back and miss field goals and everything else. So there's a little bit of value. It's scary. 'cause most of the time you're rooting for bad quarterbacks but your quarterback is damn good. I'm sure. We'll I'm sure you've set aside 20 minutes for this, but No I didn't, we're not gonna talk about it today.


I will say I was happy that you were rooting for the Pats. Yeah. To get to 20 points and got to see what we've seen all year with that Pat's team with the coaching and the strategy and like Drake may, every time we went back to pass it was just a nine to 15 yard completion of somebody. Or he would just run for 40 yards and then they're like, you know what, we're just gonna hand the ball off now for another 10 minutes. Right. Well he saw a soft zone and I, I, I'm sure he would love to see that every week but, and he got the ball out of his hand quickly. Like two and a half seconds or less the whole time. But I do wanna ask you, were you, I know you root against him at this point 'cause you want a better draft pick. Yeah. 68 yard field goal would've been pretty cool. It was moronic, it was 30 degrees outside.


What are the ads? What are the ads he's gonna make that it almost did hit it almost. He missed it by seven yards. He did. Oh yeah, that's close. I would rather do the Hail Mary. It's 85%, it like landed seven yards in front of the goalpost, which means to clear, actually clear it. I must assume what it bounce Nobody's making that. There's not a kicker in the week that can make that. Sir Rudy texted us during this that Shanahan said McCaffrey has probably a season ending PCL injury. So it's a knee injury. Oh no. Ah Jesus. Tough one. That's really tough. The official year from hell for the Niners and somehow they're not out of it. One more Bill's Niners topic is this now feels like Alan's MVP to lose and I feel like we've used the MVP to lose.dot with different players this year, but now there's only five weeks left in the season.


He's gonna be a one or a two seed, which is one of the, you know, one of the things that usually has it And. it just seems like I the way Lamar played today and the Ravens played today and they have five losses. He's got to I. Don't know. I don't know who's taking that from him. Goff's not gonna get it Lamar. Well, well here's what's interesting. The odds are out and I think you're right, Lamar kind of played himself out of it today. Goff had that five interception game and yeah, even though he is been good since like he can, he doesn't seem to be able to crawl back in. Mahomes is too far beyond Barkley. This is gonna be the narrative right now he's plus 500. He's second to Josh Allen who's minus two 30. You know, it does not, I know we talked about it last week and I read, I read some good pieces just in general about how MVP works and then I forget who made the point and I was just like, shit, I wish I'd said this week ago.


I know Barclay's having a great year, but we can't say he's the MVP of the league. If you just removed him and put an average running back in the Eagles attack, I still think they're a playoff team. If you removed Josh Allen and let's give them I, don't know who's, who's like the 20th qb. Let's give them Ty Rod Taylor. Are they 500 team? Probably not. No, maybe not. I think the Eagles would be a playoff team no matter who their running back was as good as barley's been. So I think to me it's a more of an offensive player of the year and I, I hate the MVP conversation where it's always like QB has to win, QB has to win, but we, we just have too much evidence how how crazy valuable the QB is and everything Alan does we take Yeah, I don't I don know how he be, he touches the ball every snap.


He has more opportunity to screw up. Obviously he has more num opportunity to produce numbers too. But yeah, I think you're right. But two things working against Barkley. He is a running back and two, he's part of a team that has the best, most effective play in all of sports, which is the tush push. He's not, he's that part of Yeah, he's not a yeah he's not a factor in it. So whatcha gonna do that? Said if he breaks the record, maybe he should be con considered right? If he gets the 600 yards, whatever he needs next four games. Kate, who's your craziest, I know this guy can't win the MVP but he deserves there, there should be some sort of separate award for what he's doing this year.


Guy, because mine is Baker Mayfield who is 200 to one win MVP and just feels like week after week, you know there was that month long stretch when he just had no weapons. He didn't could've name a single receiver that he had. He had a Yep. You know, rookie running back, they're line is like guys are hurt, they're left tackles out. It just feels like he's running for his life every three plays. Even today against Carolina. I have no idea how they won that game, but it feels like week to week he is just dragging that team to whatever the potential of the team is, which isn't high. That's a good one. And I feel like he should be higher than 201. Absolutely great energy he brings now he got hurt for a minute and then came in and threw a bad interception.


Yeah, but he, he fought, fought them back into the game. I would say if I have to pick someone from that Joe Burrow because he is losing games at it. Just statistically like if you look at Brady's numbers, when he Put up those, those numbers versus Burrow Brady was like, you know, 22 and one and Burrow was like three and nine or something. So I don't know what's going on. No that's probably can't give him MVP. But yeah Burrow's been saddled with the worst defense in either conference. It's incredible. It's just over and over again. It feels like they're down 17 points. Alright, break for the podcast.


This episode is brought to you by the all new reimagined Nissan kicks from the bold new exterior to the performance and tech features like intelligent all-wheel drive and a Bose personal plus sound system. Cars where I live, I live in the Los Angeles area and cars are one of the most important things you can have 'cause you're in them a lot 'cause you gotta drive around all over the place. You know what's fun to have a nice car for an everyday commute to have music and the ability to do hands-free stuff and just to feel safe you can do it. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan kicks today. Head over to Nissan USA to learn more. Bose Personal plus sound system is an available feature. Bose is a registered trademark in the Bose corporation. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. It is football season, which means the holidays are coming up and actually SimpliSafe is already having a Black Friday sale. So if you're worried about the safety of your home and family, now is the time to get home security. I personally like to use SimpliSafe because they can stop intruders before they break into your home. That's kind of the goal. I think they take home security to the next level if their active guard outdoor protection, it's not an old school system. They only take action when somebody is already in your house. No, that's not SimpliSafe. They take action before somebody gets in your house. There's no long term contracts, No cancellation fees. It's around $1 a day. And. it gives me peace of mind and helps me and my family feel protected. So take advantage of this Black Friday sale this week only right now you can take 60% off any new system with a select professional monitoring plan. Hit to SimpliSafe dot com slash bs to claim your discount and make sure your home is safe this season. Keep your home, your family, and your peace of mind protected with SimpliSafe. Again, go to SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. That is SimpliSafe with two eyes. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


Next topic. I wanted to put some, I had some questions. Speaking of the Ravens, same old Ravens or brand new Eagles, if you had to pick one because something felt a little different about that Eagles game, especially defensively that was the most excited I've been about their defense in two years. Right? On the flip side, Ravens, you know, nine nothing. Miss a PAT lose momentum for whatever reason fall behind. And it's a team that sometimes when they're behind I just feel like the game's over and they can't move the ball and all of a sudden it feels like they only have one receiver.


Lamar is just running around And it just, you just watch it going. I feel like I've seen this game and bet on it 20 times. Yeah. And now I'm here again. So which one would you go? Same old Ravens or brand new Eagles? I don't wanna give the Eagles any credit. So I mean I gave 'em enough just saying they have the most effective playing sports. But I'm gonna say I'm a cynic. I'm gonna say same old Ravens. Okay. But for different reasons, like it doesn't make any sense. Like the, they got the best free agent of the off season, right? Henry and Barkley are one A and and one B, but, and now with, you know, with Henry they can close out games. They have leads and it's all in the gated because the greatest kicker of our generation thinks it's funny to bang every boot into the upright.


Like yeah, it doesn't really make any sense, does it? How are they gonna lose because of this kicker? Well that was part of it, but I, I felt like he was getting an unfair, he cost them seven points. Yeah. They couldn't cover AJ Brown during like a huge swath of that game where it just felt like he was tearing them up. I don't know what they were doing offensively with some of the play calling as usual. They only had one receiver. Aguilar had his typical, you know, huge drop at a really pivotal moment. I just didn't think, I didn't think the whole team played well. And if Tucker had not made all those points, I, well except for the am I looking at ba they gave up 252 total yards, like 12 and one 40.


Offense. The offense had the ball a lot, but what didn't seem to ever be really doing anything with it. Right. Yeah, I know, I know. But it felt like they, when they're up nine, nothing, 10 nothing. It felt like they were just gonna, that's when they should be putting teams away and they went the opposite way on them. Yeah. Four lost team up nine nothing at home. Got the fans on their side. I I I still don't understand the kicking because it all led to everything else. Then they had to go for it on fourth and eighth because he missed those field goals and true, true, true And. it gave the Eagles good field position, whatever. I'm, I'm, but that t push is really like it. Do you know of anything else like in sports, like if a bunt down the first base line worked every single time or if like a corner kick in soccer or like if you deflected a wrist shot in hockey that went in the go, went in the net every time.


I, I don't know. I don't think that we've seen anything like it. I'm trying to think. It's almost like Kareem Sky Hook is the only thing I could think of. Yeah, maybe. And even that wasn't nearly as reliable. They false start and fumble and still got it and scored right. Forget it. It's over. Tucker cost him seven points. It was his first three Miss game ever. Yeah. For the season though. Not as bad as I thought. It just felt, it feels like they're all loud misses. He's 19 for 27 as a kicker. Like pretty pretty run of the mill average. Like I don't think coup in Atlanta is better than that. I like that. When you said a loud do you mean like literally loud? Like the, I just, it feels like every miss like really resonated.


Yeah. It wasn't just like, oh it's a random miss. There're up 16 in the fourth quarter. It's like every miss felt like it was this pivotal momentum swing in a game. But it's also actually loud. He's, it's also actually he's two for 44 and Pats. It's not like he's missed a million. Right. But so he's missed 10 kicks total and yet I think I remember an nine of them, you know. Yeah. It's just been one of those seasons. So I didn't like how they played though. I I really, I feel like if you're up, you have that kind of lead at home. Sure. Against a team. Hertz finishes 11 for 19 for 118 yards. Nine for 29 rushing. You just told me those stats. I'm like, oh the Ravens won the explosiveness other than Za Flowers or a big Lamar scramble just doesn't seem to be there unless Henry can bust through.


But I, I really thought the Eagles defense was excellent and that they were very, their D backs that they drafted Jalen Carter. The fact that he fell to them going back two years ago when all those teams passed on 'em, they didn't have Brandon Graham today. They still looked, still looked like they didn't miss 'em. But I thought from what we saw, what are their, what are their NFC odds? Because we talked about this on the Sunday pregame today. Oh shit. So they're plus seven 50 way down now after I remember looking at that at Thanksgiving after Detroit, who I wanna talk about in a second. And I was like, man, Detroit feels vulnerable. I wonder who the and is like Philly, they weren't seven 50 last week. No they weren't. But Packers were plus seven 50 though.


Oh, okay. The now they're seven to one. Yeah. And Philly I think was plus three 50. Now they're plus two 50. That's who was that makes sense. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So Philly's now plus two 50 and only a game back still from Detroit. I know. And you know what? I know everyone wants them but, well, they have to get the home field. I, I just think if that running game is working, they'll, they'll win anywhere. I hate to say it in in, in spite of this coach. It's really, everything is working out perfectly for him. The coach it seemed. I remember making a joke on Twitter in September about being ready to try to bring him in for The, Ringer Toast, The Ringer Philly special. After you got fired, it seemed like it was gonna be a wrap. I was talking was was it on the chain with you?


We were talking about has a coach like this made a comeback like that before? Like a guy who's on a hot seat? Yeah, I'm sure it's happened. Well they've won eight straight. Yeah. And now you look at their last five Carolina Home, Pittsburgh home Washington on the road, Dallas Home Giants home. Pittsburgh's probably the toughest of those five. Hmm. But they have a chance to be 13 in a row heading into the playoffs as a two seat or a one seat. Oh yeah. Was not expecting that in September. Yeah, they're over under 13 and a half and the overs minus 2 45. So they're gonna have two or three losses. Holy. Yeah. Ravens had the ball for 34 minutes. They 24 first downs. They outgained the Eagles by 120 yards.


Although a lot of those that last drive, they had the cheap drive at the end where they went like 80 yards or whatever and they have five losses somehow. The Ravens. Yeah. Would you keep them in your Super Bowl circle at this point? I gave you seven teams. Yeah, I think you have to because I think, you know, we talked ourselves into, first of all we had that a FC division parlay with the bills, the Ravens, the Texans and the Chiefs And. it looks like the Ravens are gonna be the tough one even though like you said they're plus 1 25. But yeah, if they win that division, I'm pretty sure they could win on the road. Like what, what would be their, if they went to Buffalo, you would, you would feel, you could argue argue for them if you're gonna be a three seed.


Yeah. Like you could also just be the five seed and go in and beat the hell outta Houston in the four five game. Right. Right. And then hope a two seater, a three seed loses if they don't just go into KC and round two when they haven't played a meaningful game in like a month. Yeah. Just by one score or win. Yeah. Okay. You know, that's what it's gonna be. Well the, our guy, our friends at FanDuel still have them with the fifth best odds. Hmm. Detroit plus two 90 Buffalo five to one KC plus five 50 Eagles plus five 50 Ravens 10 to one Packers, 14 to one I think are the intriguing long shot to me.


So that's it. The, it's those six right with a month left. Would you say it's those six or I would put the Steelers in there. The Steelers 24 to one. I think the Steelers with the coaching and the defense and the field goal kicker, who's been the best guy in the league this year. Right. And the fact that they always seem to make two or three big plays, right? Yeah. There's always like a 40 yard play somewhere. I would put, I would have those seven and then that's it. I can't really make a case for any other team. Nah, that's it. Yeah, that's it, right? Yeah. Like Chargers, I, you start looking at and you're like, eh, I don't think that, think that's it. They were, they were not good today. I mean you had the right side and everything, but I think I told you, well I think I told you that game's gonna be 15, 13, the fourth quarter, but it was actually 17, 13.


It was a little more conventional but same kind of stuff out of them. Next topic, next question. Speaking of the Steelers, what were the Russell Wilson comeback part of the year odds? Because I feel like he already has it wrapped. Who is even in the mix? Well who else would get it? Well it's a, the odds are up. Burrow has been favored like for the last month and he's even odds and Kyler Murray just jumped ahead of Kirk Cousins now plus six 50 cousin seven. How was Russell Wilson not come back quarter of the year? He was dead last year. Denver paid, paid 50 million in their cap to not have him play anymore. Right. And he didn't even start the season and everybody thought Fields was gonna be the starter.


This guy 414 yards, three touchdowns. He threw a pick six 'cause Pickens got interfered with, they didn't call it. That was a red flag since he goes up seven. Nothing. It's like that was Pi he didn't call it. But, but I, I, I gotta say I'm, I thought he was done. Didn't seem like he wanted to get hit last year and he's kind of rejuvenated himself. I mean he was, he's not awesome. I'm not saying he is Russ from 10 years ago, but for what whatever they were expecting from him versus what he's delivering, it has to have surpassed it. I, I'm all confused now with this. He, he played the full boat last year, right? Yeah. He was terrible. I mean he got benched for whoever I don't think you could win was over.


See there's a whole discrepancy here. Whether you could win the award just because you sucked last year. I think you have to come back from, it has to be an injury. Injury or some weird circumstantial. Well that's, but they still have odds on them. So if you asked a hundred football fans what's been the most surprising comeback in 2024? Russell Wilson wins the vote. Yeah. Nobody was like, oh you know it's gonna be awesome in Pittsburgh. Russell Wilson. Right. I have a good feeling about this guy. I think he's gonna be great. He seemed like he was done. Wouldn't even think he'd start. Yeah, well you know, I realize this Sal, the two seven could be Steelers Broncos. Oh wow. Right. That's in play that it would involve Buffalo would have to mess something up or Denver would somehow jump to six.


So maybe it could be a three six. But Steelers Broncos round one would be super fun. Yeah. Wilson going gets a team that paid him to leave and then he has to play him in the playoffs. But so Tomlin coach of the year, do they have the odds for that? Yeah, so I, I was gonna make a case for that. I don't know that we need to see, although we just did, went over their schedule on how tough it is the rest of the way. But yeah, I think he is the guy. I mean he's the favorite. They don't have odds up right now. He would be my pick right now. I mean the guy, the fact that he's got nine already, he refuses to go under 500. He's so good after a loss just doesn't F up. It really doesn't.


Who else would it be you? I think you could make a kiss for Sean McDermott considering all the change that they had on that team with the coaching staff and some of the injuries. I'm just looking because Oh was up there. Trying to think. Yeah, well Connell's done like rejuvenating Sam Bernard. Yeah he's definitely in there. Yeah. Maybe Dave Canal turning Carolina into like why not a watchable team over the last five weeks. The new the Camp fighter too. Dan Campbell's. I think he was first last week. No, that's a good one. So Wilson is 15 to one to win comeback player of the year and Kirk Cousins is seven to one. Yeah. Is that true? Yeah. Her cousins who leads the league in interceptions and is probably gonna get benched at some point soon.


So Baltimore somehow still plus 1 25, 2 wins, two wins behind the Steelers or two losses behind the, they have the game at home, right? They, when they match up again they play home. Yeah. You mentioned the Bengals. Is that the most disappointing team for you now? I think so. Their over under was 10 and a half wins and they're four and four and eight. Yes. I mean the Niners aren't gonna get to their over under my team. Of course I'm personally, I'm most disappointed in my team, but I guess, but yeah, the fact that the Bengals and Ravens at 13 combined losses and the calendar just turned to December. Jesus. It's rough man.


It's rough. I don't know that Lou Omo, everybody loved him but I don't know if what if he's scheming the wrong way. But as much as we like Russ, you can't give up four 14 to that guy. You can't Last three, last three games, they gave up 389 yards. 4 35, 5 10. Today Jesus, they've given up 35, 34, 44 last three games and, and they give up big plays. I think Wilson had nine 10 plus yard passes, you know? Yeah. Which is they, it just felt like they were moving the ball downfield. But I don't know The Burrow thing's strange because he is, you know, he's one of the five or six best QBs by any calculation.


He seems like if you were gonna just draft QBs to try to win a Super Bowl, he'd be one of the first ones that went. Yeah. And usually when that happens, the team is at least he pulls the team. The nine wins, 10 wins no matter who's on the team. This is about as bad as you could do with a quarterback like that. Yeah. How about six and six? I mean, just from a betting perspective, like if you back this team, you, you just get used to the idea that you're almost definitely gonna have the better quarterback and they're gonna lose. Right. Because the defense is so bad. Well I said that when I came on the ring. The my picks today when I went on Ringer Sunday pregame. Yeah. I really feel like this Thanksgiving week is the week that teams have been trying to tell us who they are and we we're choosing just not to believe them.


Right. The Niners were like that. The Bengals were like that. The Falcons were definitely like that for me. But there's just, you hit this point, it's like you there, there's no, oh maybe this will be the week. Like we have three, a three month track record of behavior at this point. Right. You know, pretty, the Saints were a team that I thought and we talked about it, but it really feels like as soon as Tso Hill is hurt, injured, whatever, that team just completely falls. Maybe he should have been an MVP candidate. They hung around that Rams game. They were winning then even near the end. But that was the only, I was trying to figure out could there be like a four and eight, three and six, three and seven type team. But all of them got wiped out this week.


The Saints, Miami, the Bengals. I guess maybe Indianapolis would be the only one that, yeah, a team of a losing record that's still hanging around. But that's it. Anybody else? Yeah, I'm, I'm with you. No, I'm trying to think. Tampa Bay kinda the Bears were another one. They're like, oh maybe the, no. Yeah, everyone else is like six or six and And. it makes sense that they are, I mean I guess San Francisco. Oh they were five, what were they, five and six or are they five and six now? Yeah, yeah. Now they're five and six I. don Dunno. No, I think you're right. Nobody's coming from the the depths. But New Orleans. New Orleans. I feel like with the coach you have to, you have to see what the Clogger did in the office, what he did earlier. Like you don't have to see a picture, but I want, you know, I wanna know before I bet on the Saints what he, what he, what kind of dad.


Maybe he should tweet that out. Yeah, he should. Maybe she be like Mexican food the night before or something. Play is walking into the stadium. Like Cam Newton. No, he's dialed in. He is got the Feda and the Multicolor Ascot. It's the same thing for the Clogger. So Michael Pennix who's trending on Twitter today. Speaking of seeing things trending on Twitter and kind of being able to guess what the result was. Kirk Cousins zero TDS four picks, including a pick six. He was one away from the fold alone. He is now our interception leader at 13. I think you're darnal bets in jeopardy. Yeah. And he can't move and they're six and six and it feels like they should be two and 10 or three and nine.


I, here's my question, do you, so they signed cousins on March 11th and the draft was like six weeks later. Hmm. Do you think they saw something in that six weeks that made them think they had to draft a qb? What did they say? I don't know. They're just soft at, they spent all the money on cousins and then yeah, they got some sort of word between March 11th and near the end of the year. The draft that, eh, I know you paid for this guy but did you know blank or, or they're working out with him or I don't know because now I feel like Pennex, if you put Pennex on the team that we've been watching the last couple weeks and he's moving around, like I actually think they'd have a better chance to win.


Well I'll tell you what they may have seen and it's a good point because at that point in March they're really just throwing the ball around and stuff if they're even doing that. But out of all the terrible quarterback metrics you just read, the one that you didn't was one that was like kind of just invented the next gen stack, the miles per hour one the miles per hour. Kirk cousins must be like, what the fuck? There's another thing now that could, he did not throw over 36 miles an hour in a minimum 20 attempts. No one's ever done that in a fricking dome. Like no one's ever done that before. Yeah, I was trying to think. 36 miles an hour, like nobody could throw a, you couldn't throw a baseball pitch 36 miles an hour.


It's like basically impossible. The No, it'd be hard. Almost two. Yeah. Yeah. If I'm going 36 miles an hour on a 35 mile an hour street, I'm probably getting tailgated. Right. If I'm going, you get a ticket for going slow. Yeah. If I'm going 35 on the highway, I'm getting pulled over. Yeah. Not one, not one time did he unleash it. So he's clearly not healthy and he is been terrible for three straight games. He is then a touchdown in three games. Touchdown pass. He's been sacked like seven times. He is six picks. It's the easiest pick six in the league if you're throwing 30 miles an hour. I mean the charger at a hundred, that one had in the zone seven yards. Yeah.


That with the, with the three guys where he kind of like, oh so bad. He lobbed it up like he was trying to throw something on top of a Christmas tree and like it was, it became a contest for who was gonna intercept it. He was so bad in that game like that honestly they, they had no business losing that game and he single-handedly lost the game. Yeah. That was my takeaway from that game. They had no business winning. The Chargers had 187 total yards on offense. And I commented that cousins is throwing the ball like he's having a, a soft toss catch with his 7-year-old on Turkey day. Like a Turkey day game in the backyard for something like he's coming back from rotator cuff surgery. Right. Chargers had 10 touchdowns. I, I'm sorry, ten first downs. No, 10 touchdowns have been a lot.


Ten first downs. 187 yards total. But McConkey had 117 yards receiving. So go figure that number 29. I didn't have sound for that game. I had that on the TV on the bottom left in my house. I don't know who number 29 is but he picked off. He was all over the place. Who was number 29? Just some fan. What a jersey? Some guy. Yeah. Just from a jersey. Yeah. But yeah, Atlanta had the ball for 36 minutes and somehow didn't win. I think they should start Pennix next week and I, I'm not, to me that's not even overreaction. It's like they're six and six. They still, because they beat Tampa twice, they still have the division in their destiny. And there's no way you can think cousins is gonna turn this around at this point.


Why not play Pennix? Yeah. I'm trying to think It's gotta do it. Let's suck it up. They're at to me me It's like the Russell Wilson thing. Oh no. Oh hold on. They're at Minnesota. This is old team. Well that makes it worse. I know. That's why we have to see it. We have to see it. Next question. Will you ever trust that old starting QB coming off a toes ever again after this season with cousins and, and Rogers? Yes, for sure. Can we now never trust that again? Now I'm trying to think if there's an age, right. How about 35 and up? Yeah. Sounds good. Yeah, 35 and up is good. I'm out. I'm out on it for sure. You know what I was thinking about, remember Rogers when he, he tore his Achilles in week one last year and then there was that stuff about how he might be able to come back that year.


Yeah, last year. And he was like Yeah and we were making fun of it on the pod and I was like, I was trying, trying to think of some crazy thing to do if he actually came back. 'cause it was so ridiculous. He still hasn't been able to come back. It's 15 months later. Still sucks. He can't move. He shoulda come back last year. That was ridiculous. Yeah, he's come back last year he would've been just as good. He has not had a three, we're almost at the three year anniversary of his last 300 yard game. I love it. I love it. It's a week from week from Friday. Hasn't won a playoff game in four years. Turns 41 tomorrow. Can I do a couple here from Ben folks? Yeah, please. The Jets are, the first team would be favored in nine in the first 12 and end up three and nine or worse.


Wow. Rogers has had a chance to tie or take the lead five times in the fourth quarter. Oh, for five. I wanted, I wanted 'em to resign. I know we all had Seattle so this wouldn't have been the game to do it. I kind of want the Jets to have a little bit of a one two game resurgence just so they sign 'em again. So they, I wanna see this again. So they're three and nine against the spread three and nine on the year, right? Are they three and nine against the spread too? Or like two and 10? Oh, I don Dunno. Yeah, I they covered those. They're Thursdays nines. They've only won one game on a Sunday. Right. So the three and nine against the spread j's taken them all nine times bro.


Hey bro, enough, this is the game enough. You made your jokes earlier on. That's enough jets today. 12 penalties in a pick six. Yeah. And the pick six was especially great because for people who didn't see the game, Rogers had Wilson wide open on the play before in the end zone and missed him and then through the pick six on the next play. Right. And probably should have been pulled at that point if they're actually trying to win the game. But they're so scared of 'em for whatever reason. But Ci, they win a game. Seattle wins a game where in the first half they gave up a a kick touchdown. They fumbled on a kickoff twice they missed a PAT and their punter was so hurt that they just kept cutting to him and he just kept doing that thing where he just had his hand on his back and it's like this.


And the announcer's like, well that doesn't seem good. It's like, yeah, I don. It definitely doesn't, this guy's supposed to be the punter. Definitely not good that he's like me playing pickup at age 55 and Seattle wins. Anyway, it was a ridiculous win. The, their fans are like kind of miserable even though they won because it was such a bad game for them. Right? Yeah. And the jets were just somehow worse. And that was the legacy of that game. Why are the, I'm trying to think of why. I know people hate whatever, it's with me with the Roger stuff, but why would he even, who hates it? I love it. He's on McAfee every week and what's the point of even asking him about what he thinks about the future? What, what's your future gonna be like? Like I don't what this is what, what kind of old actor it is.


Like you having an old actor on every week and make like who, who, who's not been in movies for like 25 years. I feel like we, whoever you say it's is gonna be probably super insulted. Is Sean Connery still alive? I Don't know. I don know. That's good. Sean Connery. Let's use him because he's said Sean Connor, you have him on and you a Baldwin. We could use him. That's a good one. Yeah. A Alec would you do, would you do Gladiator three? Like, and he's like, well you know, it's really up to the directors and the studio and stuff like that. I was like, yeah, no shit. Yeah, yeah. It's not your call 'cause you're not, you don't have it anymore. I think his only chance Belichick loves him and I think his only chance is if like, oh man, Belichick got the Vegas job. And. it was like Belichick and Aaron Rogers went to Vegas for a year.


Some, some team like that where they didn't have a quarterback and Belichick just liked him and then they would turn on each other in like eight weeks. Yeah, that's how that happened. Well, that'd be fun. All right. That'd be for that. That'd be fun. He's done though. It, it happens. We've watched. Sure. You and I are old enough now that we've seen a lot of quarterbacks hit the end. And I'll never forget, one of my first ones to break my cherry with this was Dan Marino, who I was terrified of. Yeah. For the entire eighties and for the first part of the nineties. And then by the time we got to the late nineties and he had had like a torn Achilles and you know, his arm was fucked up and he just wasn't good anymore.


And I remember betting against him and being like, holy shit, I'm betting against Dan Marino. Like, this is like fucking touching the third rail on the subway. Like you're not supposed to. Just doing it and winning and being like, oh my God, I won a bet against Dan Reno. But this is what happens to old quarterbacks. Dan Marino and Jimmy Johnson was the par. Right? Like when, when, when Jimmy Johnson was coaching. Yeah. It was, it was scary. But yeah, this happens with pitchers too. I mean, I don't wanna make excuses, but yeah. Rogers was just, now he's just looking out for a way to get out gracefully. Right. So I I don't that injury's coming. Yeah, we It's fake injury time. It's fake injury time. Yeah. But I was thinking if they did win this game, how annoying the Tuesday interview would've been, where it was like, eh, you know.


Yeah. We were just out there having fun, you know, football's fun and what we were doing out there. You know, you, you got all this, all this tension, all this pressure. And we just went out there and we played like we were when we were kids. He might still say that. And it. It was like, yeah, that happened. But also Seattle made 45 mistakes. Especi, that was also super fun. Kuda, I gotta, I got a shout out Sean Fantasy who tweeted on September 9th, 2024. So I have this on the record. I think this jet season will be an epic disappointment. Everyone will be fired at, its at its conclusion. And Aaron Rogers will retire. Wow. September 9th.


Pretty good fantasy. Yeah. Good job. By him. He was adamant, I gotta say the whole summer, he was adamant that this was gonna end badly. All right, well we're gonna take one more break for the pod.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. As a small business owner, every new hire added to your team needs to make an immediate impact. Think of CJ Stroud in his rookie year, how he transformed the Texans with limited hiring resources. You don't have the luxury of getting it wrong. You need to feel confident that your candidate is going to perform when the game is on the line. With LinkedIn jobs, you can, as the world's largest professional network, LinkedIn gives you access to more than a billion professionals. With the unique skills and experience you need, chances are your next standout star is one of them. A qualified candidate ready to put in the work that makes an immediate impact on your business. On LinkedIn, 86% of small businesses get a qualified candidate within 24 hours. So hire professionals like a professional on LinkedIn. Hire the right person for your role and post your job for free. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash simmons, that's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by PayPal Sports fans. I know going to the big games can get expensive. So let's talk strategy. Let's talk how PayPal has changed the playbook. Now you can pay everywhere online, in store, either or both with the PayPal debit card. That's right. I earned a 5% cashback up to $1,000 every month in the category you choose like apparel and groceries. Think about it. That's like getting cash back when you're picking up your game day snacks or grabbing a drink with the crew after the big game. I'm talking about real savings. Like that energy drink you keep, keeps you hyped for the big game. Cash back. 17th purchase of merch from your favorite team, cashback, post game, extra large pizza. Your like clockwork. You get the idea every payment everywhere, every time. Don't just pay PayPal terms and cashback limit supply. See PayPal app. The PayPal debit card is issued by the Bank Corp Bank. Na, pursuant to a license by MasterCard International Incorporated and maybe used everywhere. MasterCard is accepted.


So Ebra Flues got fired after that Thursday game. Hmm. Why? And the reason I bring this up off the Jets, who's the worst coach now? Because I said that Ebra Flu was my favorite bad coach. Oh yeah. I really, I really enjoyed him. I really enjoyed the Thursday game, knowing that they'd probably fuck up that last minute, which they did. And watching things. You don't get to normally see who's the guy now, because I haven't narrowed down a Antonio Pierce coach. Middle seat, middle suit's gotta be in there. Yeah. Or the Jets guy who's pretty terrible. He's been one of the worst interim coaches we've had the team's definitely worse. Like there's no way they'd be this bad with Yeah.


We can't count I. Don't know if we can count him. Can you count him? Can't count him, I guess. Yeah. If they have to have the job more than four week, five weeks or so. Okay. Well there He's bad. Yeah. Would you put anyone else in there? Can't even, can't even say Siri anymore. I mean, Mayo's. Mayo's pretty close. You got to see him firsthand today against the cults. My guy's not lighting the world on fire. You guys coming back? That's for sure. Is my guy. I I don't know. Where do you put him? Ahead of Miami. That's getting close too. McDaniel. Yeah. At least. At least. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe. I know we wanna blame Tua and it's fun to blame Tua and, but he's gotta try to figure out a way to win some of these games.


He's got talent on that roster. The disc. Jackie. Yeah. I would've said Pierce before this week, but I actually thought the Raiders played pretty well and against the Chiefs. And at least they're smart enough to realize that Brock Bowers is like this generational tight end. Yeah. Just like, which, just just throw him the ball every time. Right. It's like Kelsey cross with Gronk. Yeah. So coach middle seat's probably still the worst. Yeah. Although I found myself feeling bad for him with that late hit, which was insane on it. It should be. Oh, that was my net. I'm glad you brought that up. That was worst quarterback hit since when? Thaman no I.


Don't know man. No, there's been been some, there was a really bad shrink green one a while ago, I remember. Oh right, right, right. Yeah. There there's a bad flacco one. Yeah. What do we mean bad Lonza and Pat? Like dirty or like, because two of dirty cross with Oh my God. Is he still alive? Alive? Yeah. Because that was the first like, oh my God. Right. But the penalties offset. You understand? Yeah. They gotta figure that out. I've always made this joke when Warren Smith, Warren Sap, horse collar Jerry Rice and not in like, blew out every knee, leg minute. Just that should have just been a hundred yard penalty. You just get, you get a touchdown. Yeah. Or people say that guy can't play until Lawrence plays again. But, but the, to hit the guy that retaliates just shoves the, the player over like should be less, what is, what is he supposed to do?


Either he is a pussy for not defending his quarterback or he suffers the same punishment as the head hunter. It's like if you shot my dog and then I slapped you in the face and we both chaired a jail set, it's offsetting. Yeah, that makes sense. I would never shoot your dog. Thank you. Thank you. You know what it did lead to other than a really scary, scary moment. A great brawl, A rare, like we are immediately fighting NFL moment where it was just like, it was, it really felt like that was gonna keep going and going. It led to one of my favorite sentences in NFL discourse. No love lost. There's no place in the game for that, so. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.


Well there's no place, no place in the game for that. Where are the places for that? Just do, do we have places? Can I go on Google Earth or where, where can I just hit a guy when he is not looking and knock him out in my forearm? Are there places the octagon, I guess, but not with pads. Octagon gon pads in a helmet would be weird. Yeah. I don't even think there's a place, there's no place. It happens every three weeks in the N nfl. No for that. But there. But there's no place for it. Yeah. It's not what we teach here. No place for that You hate. That's a cousin and you hate to see that. Right? Right. Hate to see that. Yeah. Hate to see that. Let's go to break. So Jacksonville is two and 10. So is Vegas. And so are the giants. Hmm. You know, college football, way more than me.


Is there a franchise quarterback that you feel like could be on that at least Borough Drake may level I don't love this year. Yeah. I really don't. I mean, Sanders, it's fun to say you have Shado Sanders, but I, I don't really think, I think this is not the year to go two and 15. Who would you take, hunter? Yeah, but I think they're gonna have to make a decision on him if he's a defensive or offensive player. I don't I I think whoever drafts him is not gonna have it in mind that he's playing both ways. Right. If I'm him, I'd wanna go to which position. If I was one of the best in the league at where do I make more money? Yes. And I think the answer is receiver, right? Sure. If you're a good receiver, you're making 30 to 35 million a year.


And he could also just play a defense. He could be, you know, the Nickelback on third downs if they wanted to use him that way. Can I say this? He's excellent. And believe me, I go nuts when o's people are like, oh, he is not MVP. I'm like, when he is pitching, when he is playing both ways. Are you kidding me? There's nothing to compare it to for sure. Hunter should be the Heisman winner, but I've never seen a coach try to win a, an award for a player more than Dion. Sanders is like they're throwing to him on fourth and 31 when they're up 21 points. Just a pad stats. Oh yeah. Yeah. It's crazy. And he's gonna get it done. Like LeBron going in 29 and 16 in Utah tonight. Something like that. Yeah. Utah's like, we just wanna get Cooper flag like back yourself out buddy.


Yeah. Next question. Could Bryce Youngman come back part of the year just from what he came back from in the same season? Oh, well again, we'd have to get the stipulations. It wasn't an injury. Yeah. Well I suggested new award and maybe Russell Wilson could have qualified for this too. The Austin Powers, I found my Mojo award and the nominated nominees would basically be Russell Wilson and Bryce Young, right? Yeah. Maybe Baker Mayfield. Yeah. Although he was good last year. Bryce Young looked like he was being bullied in school and he lost his dog and his parents got divorced in like week five. Even they cut him. He just looked so sad.


Like your heart broke for him. Right? It was like, oh man, this guy's like a bust. And now today he was really good in that Tampa game. You know, it's not like he has a shitload to work with. And I, I thought his demeanor, it was all it was. The guy from Alabama walk around this chest out making plays, creating stuff. I, I'm glad that he's not a bust because we need more quarterbacks. I'm with you, I'm torn. And I think you are too, if you would be honest. 'cause it's, it's nice to have a team to bet against every week safely, you know? But yeah, I want him to be good. Right. But the, the bad teams always figure out an f-ed up way to lose, don't they?


They always. Well that today was one of the worst. One of the worst. How did you lose that game? Losses. They basically, if Hubbard doesn't fumble, they probably win. You know, Tampa handed it to them by getting that field goal and then they came down. But I really, they, they're like, all right, you're not giving me much Tampa, but we're still gonna, it's like when your mom comes over, right? And she like, all you have in the cupboard is like goldfish crackers and Nutella and she somehow whips up a veal Parmesan. Yes. It's like, wait, how'd you do that? It's like the bad team way to lose That sounds delicious. Yeah, it's pretty good. Does your mom do that? Yes. It's more fluff than Nutella, but yeah, she does. I'll tell you this, where Carolina reached, I looked at Tampa all week. I thought about putting them in parlays and teases or just doing Carolina straight up.


First half game. I mean, I'm sorry, Tampa first half game. Yeah. Stayed away. Alright. Because I was like away. Carolina's been good for four straight weeks here and I, I, they make me nervous. I'm not going against them. And rightfully so. They were good. Again, we crapped on Atlanta for good reason. But that is really tight now. Minus 1 45 Tampa plus one 20 for that division. You know what else was really tight? You almost won the South Steelers special again. Oh man. Bengals just, they had care of this. They had Put up 20 points in the second quarter. It looked like you were gonna get a 21 to 21 to 20 type situation.


Yeah, yeah, right. Yeah. Something in there. Yeah. And then take it in the second half. And that didn't work next week. It's always gonna happen eventually. Well, do you wanna do this NFC South? Do you even wanna waste time on this? I feel good about Tampa. I know that'll, they'll probably blow it, but, but I Well you're gonna look at Atlanta's schedule and tell me it's easy Right? Giants Tampa's four and two on the road and their two losses were fourth quarter losses to KC in Atlanta. In the Atlanta game. They should have won. They, I just like the way they're playing way more. And if you like, you have that Tampa bet, which I backed out of five to one.


They have to beat Atlanta by a game to win the division. Right? Because they lost both. Your fear would be Pennix starting this week. Yeah, I think so. I don, I don want that to change. If you got the news like Michael Pennix will start this week, you'd be like, fuck. Right. Tampa's good. They beat Detroit and they beat Philly. They're not gonna make the playoffs in that garbage division. Tampa's got Vegas at home. Chargers Dallas on the road. Carolina at home. New Orleans at home feels like they could get to nine or 10 wins. Yeah. Three or four. Atlanta's at Minnesota at Vegas. Home Giants at Washington Home. Carolina. The question for me is they lose at Minnesota game.


Yep. Could we get eight nine, like an eight nine tie for that division? Is that in play? Yeah, sure. That Yeah. Yeah. I mean, what, no one's gonna go four and one the rest of the way, way. I think we're four or no, but somehow the, and that'll be that, that'll be the first time a division has ever been won three years in a row with a losing record ever. Relegation. Maybe we gotta start thinking about it. Right? And yet somehow the NFC West is weirder and more annoying. Yeah. Arizona just completely choked in Minnesota and I can't believe we didn't talk about that yet. I had 'em, they still covered. I didn't expect to sweat it out. When it was 19 to six, they had the ball for 36 minutes.


They had 406 yards, did 25 first downs. Minnesota's won at eight on third down St. Donald had to orchestrate two touchdown drives to not even win the game. 'cause the field goal, Arizona 10 penalties for 96 yards. That was one reason they lost. The other reason, and you and I vacillate on win team should do this or not, but watching in the moment, fourth and four Arizona's up, it's like three and a half minutes left, whatever it is, they're inside the 10. Yeah. And they kicked the field goal to go up six And. it felt like the wrong move because Minnesota had been going up and down the field on them and I and watching it, hoping Arizona was gonna at least lose by three and still cover my bet.


I just wanted them to go for it. 'cause I felt like they could have closed the game out because I liked the way they were moving the ball. Yeah. The nerd stats actually supported going for it on fourth and four. It was like 88%. You win the game if you do it 80% kick the field goal. So they kicked the field goal, they go up six. There's been other times when I'm like, just take the points, go up six. They're not gonna come down and beat you. But you were watching, did you feel like Minnesota was gonna come down and score on them? Because I did. Yeah. I thought it'd be close that they're gonna get to like the 30 or something then it's gonna be luck. But I almost think you asked the defense in that situation, right? Like, Hey, how tired are you guys? Yeah. Because I know you've been at it for almost three hours.


Are you gonna let Sam Donald go up and down the field here? Yeah. It's Sam. Darn. You guys realize it's Sam Donald, right? Right. Yeah. So I don't know. Is Minnesota the most boring good team out there? I I should have been glued to that Arizona, Minnesota game. That's 75 yards at half Minnesota. I'm like, oh, they're probably gonna win. It's really unimpressive. I can't wait to bet against them in the playoffs. Yep. So Arizona loses two incredibly winnable games in a row against good teams. Seattle last week, Minnesota this week, they're in a tie. The Rams had their fourth, I think their season is dead. Moment of the where I, they're down in that in the, they're down in the Saints game and it's just like, oh, of course this is a five and 12 team.


Why were we fooling ourselves? And then they pull that out. Do you ever feel like we, we will a team to, we inspire a team through our text because we were on The, Ringer pregame text about how bad Stafford is and we e each one of us is sending one stat person the other for Stafford for third down conversions and how many this and that. And then just like that their offense came alive for like two drives. And. it was enough. Well, it doesn't seem like they can block even remotely Yeah. Where they were last year. That's a problem. That's one problem. But I don't know. I, I looked at all the schedules. I San Francisco's at Chicago, home Rams at Miami home, Detroit at Arizona and those Detroit games in week 17, week 18.


There's a chance they weren't, lines weren't gonna have anything to play for, but now we know they will. I think only, I think a cross off that comes to week 18. Oh, the Niners are cross off. I think Niners are cross off for me. Yeah. Yeah. I kind of, I agree I don, but I did think I don. See, I think this is the only division that comes down to the final week. But in fact, this is, you know, we have the rematch Seattle and Arizona from two weeks ago. So that's as important as any other game. I think Seattle's plus 1 45 Arizona's plus 180 Rams plus two 90 and nine ERs 14 to one now. So FanDuel agrees with us. Yep. At, at gunpoint.


I kind of like, I kind of like Arizona's last five the most for opponents. Yeah. Home. They're at Seattle Home. Pats at Carolina at the Rams home. San Francisco, who might have packed it in by that point feels like at least three more wins, but it's probably nine and eight. Right? I don't think anyone gets to 10. It's not have seven. Oh yeah. Seattle seven and five. Seattle's got seven. So, but that's the game, right? They play this week. So that, I don't know if Arizona, you might as well just bet 'em this week. I think if you're gonna take them to win the division and then if they Right.


Need a game in like three, three weeks or so. But Oh, that game's in Arizona. I've, I've fucked up. Arizona's got Seattle home, new England home next two. Listen, it, it, it pays to come and last every year. Eventually it pays off. Right? You get a schedule like this where the last month it's cake. Well, Seattle has Ariz, Arizona at Arizona Home Green Bay, home Minnesota at Chicago at the Rams. I don't know whether Seattle's roping me in and I'm gonna regret it, but I, I do think they can move the ball when they need to. Like, if they really need to go 75 yards, I think they can do it. And I wouldn't say that about a lot of teams, but it's just really painful to watch them get to that point. Their offense is different it seems every week.


Right. It should be that Metcalf is around the hundred yards and Kenneth Walker is either gonna get two touchdowns or three, you know, but it's, it's right. Oh no. Charna. Oh what? You can't, oh, the tight end's involved, but Metcalf's not open. It's very strange the way they do it. Well, they definitely can't block no. Our whatever games Texans Jags watched in Tennessee and then Pat, Cindy, which I don, I have no idea how the Pats didn't score 30 points. Right. Did you see the quip of the two point conversion? That the pats were blindsided by Richardson QB draws in big moments and no idea that the Cols might try that. Like how, how would there be any evidence they would do that in the biggest play of the game.


But Bar Mark got tackled by the guard and pulled backwards and Richardson went right over him. There's a great end zone angle of like just the most obvious holding call of all time. And, and they didn't, didn't call obviously the false starts must drive you nuts because that was not even a close debate. A thing holding under, under Belichick regime. Right. You just never saw it. You'd see one of two weeks. Yeah. Like weeks. I was watching, I was watching the Bosco versus what was the championship game? Oh, the foot matter day matter date. Yeah. Matter day. Yeah. Matter. And even in high school at that level, there's not false starts at holding every, every five plays. And somehow the Patriots a professional team.


Like they were saying, my dad was complaining after my dad was upset that they lost. And he was saying the Colts have offensive line. Were like four guys are new and like backups. They've had a whole bunch of injuries. It's like shrink center, the colt. Nobody jumped off the whole game for them. It didn't feel like, and yeah, the Pats just holding left and right. But it's a shame. I think the Pats would kill Bosco. I mean, they'd win by at least 10. I think if they played Bosco. I, I swear the Pat's gonna have four more wins. Like they could totally be in this Denver if they were actually well coached. I, I really feel like they could be in the seventh seat, but maybe it's working out for the for the best.


All right. It's time to do guest alliance. It's brought to you by Workday. Get the whole band together with Workday pair finance and HR on one platform for an epic performance with Workday ai. At the core, you'll make confident decisions faster than ever and you'll drive flawless business and finance operations with an agile platform that constantly evolves to future proof your organization. Do you finance an HR rockstar with Workday? Visit workday com to learn more.


What are the records? Seven, five and one. You have the lead. You have. Yeah. You're kind of lingering this year. Yeah, I'm not going. I think I did all right today. We'll see. We'll see. Obviously you cheated, you steal, you steal these by half a point every time. Well this is an interesting week because it's week 14. It's the last fantasy week for any normal fantasy league I would think. And we have all of these crazy buys. Yeah. Baltimore, the thing used to get rid of the buys by Thanksgiving or my imagining this feels late, but I think they had to do it because of this Christmas game. I think they wanted those teams fresh. 'cause it's right Baltimore, Houston, I guess Pittsburgh's not one of them.


Baltimore, Denver, Houston, Indianapolis. New England. Washington. I mentioned that because there's some big starting QBs in that couple good running backs, couple good receivers and it's like weird fantasy implications to lose that many teams. Anyway, Thursday night is an awesome game. Really good Lions packers. It's in Detroit. And I meant to talk about this earlier, but I guess we could talk about it now. I really do feel like it's sitting there for the Packers now with all these injuries the lions have had on defense. You could feel it in the second half of that Bears game. Like they're just set. We always talk about passing the point of no return. Return. And. it feels like that Dallas defense is right on the edge of maybe too many injuries.


Dallas. Oh, Detroit. Yeah. Detroit. Yeah. Dallas defense too. Yeah. Yeah. Dallas definitely. I think they passed the point but game Yeah, mean game. The, I'm feeling really good. Yeah. I, yeah. I actually think a flus gave it to that. Like I, I think he was like, it was a sympathetic move. He was like, this will destroy too many Moneyline parlays before the first helping of cranberry stuff. So he's trying to heal America. Exactly. I can't, I can't do it. You know what, sur at the tables, we're not calling it time out. I'm gonna take this tight this time out right in the locker room. You're right though. I mean they get you. I hear Alexander and Romeo Dobbs back, right? Like Jordan Love was left for dead in Brazil. Like they, they were gonna dump his body in the rain fart in the Amazon.


But Tucker Kraft all of a sudden like a top option to tight end Jacob's force. Like 15 missed tackles the other day, the other night. I think they're really good. This is a be a fun game. I've been on them the last couple weeks with million dollar picks and just on the pod because I felt like people were sleeping on them or looking for reasons not to think they were good. And even like, you know, a couple weeks go, well they only won 'cause of this and didn't let last against my, well it was cold weather. It seems like there's always an excuse for them. I just think they're pretty talented. They have a ceiling that I'm not sure they've scratched yet, but they can run the ball. They throw the ball.


They can do explosive plays. They can create plays on defense. They're pretty well coached. They have a home field advantage. This will be a nice test. They're catching this Lion's team, you know, they can definitely come in with some swagger. They played them well. Yeah, I like it. I have lion by four and a half. I put this in the Vegas zone. All right, I get it. I said four. It's three and a half. Oof. Wow. I think they feel the same way about this Lion's defense as you do. Yeah. It's tough. 'cause we, we know the don't get carried away one way or the other with these Thursday games. Right? Just, well, they beat 'em on Thanksgiving last year. Like whatever happens. Don't assume that that means that's gonna happen round two.


Round three. But it'll mean something. They beat 'em in. No. What? When was that? It was beginning of November, right? Yeah. 24 14. I feel like they're much, they put him really well different now. Yeah, I think that, but I think they're better. Like Jordan loves like one of the, of the best quarter. I think he's the best quarterback getting blitzed. Like he, they're really kind in sync. Yeah. Sunday marquee. I could give you bills at Rams or card Seahawks. What do you thinks the marque outta those two? Hmm. I guess Bills Rams. Okay. I had that too. Bill at the Rams. I have the bills favored by two and a half. Let me find this because they had it higher.


I said three. It's four and a half. Oh wow. Yeah. You are gonna beat me this week. Fucking a. Well now you know how it's going though. Four and a half. That seems like whiff too high. Maybe a little bit. I mean, how much I I don't, the Rams were so unimpressive, but the Bills have such a lead now on their division. I know they're chasing the one, but you gotta think that they can't get up for all these games. Watchable cards home for the Seahawks rematch. We saw this two weeks ago. This feels like a one point fiver if I've ever seen it. Cards by one and a half. That's what I said. Because that's what it was a couple weeks ago. It's two and a half.


Hmm. This is the one that flipped. It was Seattle one and a half And. it was Arizona. Then it flipped again. They really like Arizona. Fairly watchable. It's got four Vikings home for the Falcons. This immediately becomes a watchable. If it's Michael Pennix, you could argue it should be a watchable. Anyway. I had to put the 0.5 on this Vikings by three and a half. Oh, I get this one too. I said five. It's four and a half. Oh, come on. That's too high. That's Cousin's ball. This is a fun one. That's stupid. How about this JJ McCarthy against Pennix. And then it's a national championship from last year.


If McCarthy can get off his ass supposedly got hurt again. Yeah, I know. I think that was a setback. Yeah. So let me ask you this. If Pennix becomes the starter on Tuesday, does this line move? Oh man. No, I think it's already high. You don't think it moves toward the Falcons? No. No. I don't think you gotta see it. You sure get in there? I'm not sure. I'm never sure about this. I'm five seven. I think it moves toward, I think it moves a point toward the Falcons. Really a point. I think that's how bad a point better today. Yeah, I do. No one's ever seen him throw on the, the one's ever seen him. But I know it's better than what I watched today.


Cousins will be so pissed that they take this game away from him. Fairly watchable. Can't believe it. The Panthers have crawled out of the poop. Fecta Wow. Through 500 yards of shit. Smelled found us. The lake licks. They couldn't imagine Panthers at Eagles. And I have the Eagles favorite by 12 and a half. Oh, you nailed it. Wait a minute. This doesn't make sense. How do you make this a fairly watchable and, and make the line 12 and a half, which is right. You It's a fairly watchable 12. Yeah. You know why? Because this Bryce Young thing's really fun. I I, I like comeback stories.


All right. It looked like he was dead. And this seems like a classic. Eagles take a dump and their fans freaking out game. And I let down, it's at least a fairly watchable for an hour. I wanna see where it goes. I'm there for it. That'll be fun. Steelers Browns in Pittsburgh. We saw this game 10 days ago and they'll make this just high enough that I have to sweat it out when I'm teasing it. But not too high that I can't tease it. Steelers by eight and a half. Oh good. I get it. I said seven. It's only six and a half. Oh, come on. They're really about all these division games. Like this is, this is a teaser game for me. And I'll be pissed if Tom one doesn't come through.


Can't get SW by the Browns. Well, what happens tomorrow if Denver beats the hell outta Cleveland, this goes up. Oh, it'll go up. Yeah. Yeah. A short week going to Pittsburgh. A angry team that, that you beat 10 days ago. They can't, they're not sweeping anyone. The Browns 49 ERs home for the Bears. Fairly watchable for a variety of reasons. Not the least of which is the new coach Bump. One of my favorite things to bet on. Thomas Brown. Very well liked in the Chicago locker room. Respected Eber Flu. Lost the locker room. They always tell us after they after the guy gets fired. Yeah. Yeah. He lost the locker room last few weeks. So yeah, I would love, where was that on that two weeks ago for gambling?


49 ERs minus three over the Bears. Oh no, I said five and it's five and a half. Oh, that's idiotic. But MCC might be out I, don Dunno, I'm in. I think I don know why you're betting Chicago here. You're not gonna bet Chicago this line, that line's three points too high. Why can't the 49 ERs are better than the Bears? The 49 ERs. You just watched them. They stink. Yeah. I don know they're five and seven. They keep telling us that they're not a good team. Everybody's like, I don't know 49 ERs. Unless this, you're right about this new coach. I, I haven't seen the craps he's taken in the toilet situation. But other than that, I I just feel like they just, they blow every game.


They don't care. Yeah. I need some Thomas Brown info. Wanna find out more about him? What? His bathroom habits. Drinking habits. What, what did Brown do for us? Yeah. Bears look like a great underdog pick. Is that line out for the underdog yet? Or for the money lines? They don't have the money lines yet, right? I didn't see it. No. No, they don't have it for that one. Damn. Okay. Poopa speaking of the Clogger Saints at Giants clogging it up. I think this is in the Vagas zone. I have Saints by four and a half at the Giants. Yeah, you nailed it. I. Don't know why I said two.


It's exactly four and a half. Hmm. Derek Carr's just miserable. Like can't. Oh, I always forget. Always forget. And that it happens at the moment. You pressure him for like three plays in a row. Yeah. He just turns into a different human being. Right. I think some people hopefully not on The Ringer Sunday pregame show will be talking themselves into the Giants money line on Sunday. No, not this one. Does it feel like a JJ kind of picked you? I don't know bro. Yeah. Maybe bro. I'm listening. Giant Derek car and Giant Stadium. You listen to these fans talking in a local radio.


They're dialed in. They're dialed in for the Saints, the case for the Giants would be, they always win one dumb game when there's four or five left that screws up their draft pick by like three or four picks. Right? Yeah. And this is definitely a candidate for that. Titans Jags in Tennessee. I'm gonna try not to watch one second in this game. I don't want this on a multi-view. I don't want this anywhere. I don't wanna see it on the red zone. Titans minus three over the Jags. You get it. I Don't know why I said one and a half. It's four and a half. He lost by 23 today.


That's so high. That number. Although your boy Mac Jones missed some very, very easy throws. Like they could have won that game for sure. The Jags. I saw some of the clips on the internets. Oh, I swear the first three months of his career, Mac Jones was good. I swear I will go to my grave saying that I don't know what happened to him. That he can no longer come even close to hitting wide open guys. Hmm. Scare for three. He could That scare you? That should scare you in the jersey you're wearing. No, no. It's different. Yeah. I was, I'm wearing the jersey. Had this on for good luck today. And of course it off. Why is it different? What would Kyle say is different? Oh, he's, it's, you can't, Jake May's like the, he's the best, just the best rookie quarterback we've ever had.


It's not even close. Oh, he can do everything. Okay. Yeah, he's like a, he's unbelievable. The best, he best rookie quarterback that we've ever had. Yeah. Brady didn't play his A rookie. Yeah. Alright. Dolphins. Jets in Miami. Bro. We are gonna take care of business in this game, bro. He's going That's right jj. It's going. He's gonna be there. Dolphins minus us four and a half. Does that sound right? No, I hit this exactly six and a half. Oh, can you, if JJ has to be in the building when Aaron Rogers beats the dolphins, good night.


What would you put on on the announcement tomorrow? Tuesday. Aaron Rogers has been waived by the New York Jets. Oh, waived. Released. Yeah. But there's no consequence, right? Like fin I mean there's a little bit of a hit, right? They're, they just say, they're just like, we're out. We're outta Aaron Rogers business. Good luck. Yeah. Tuesday. What are the odds? Would you say? Like five to one. You think they time it to happen during the McAfee interview or, oh, that would be something else. Like 20 minutes before the McAfee interview. They're just like, you know what you're released. Yeah. I like it. I'd bet it, I'd bet it just for fun. No, but what are the odds? What do you think the odds are though? Because I don't think it's like 10 to one.


I think it's in the four to one, to six to one range. Like if you're booking the bet and you had to put odds down for people to bet, what would you put down for the 10 to one is too high, but I always imagine him walking away from it. I don't know why. You know, like, like you would, you know, when you have a a, a friends like just the re the re retirement like right before the Netflix thing comes out. Yeah. Like you have a couple like, oh man, he cheats on her all the time. Like, wait a minute. She left him and she didn't even know that he cheated. Wow. That's like, I kind of feel like that's what it would be. What couple do you know that does that? That sounds like a fun couple bucks. Home for the Raiders is our last poop fucka. Baker Mayfield could be seven and six MVP candidate.


Put that 201 odds down. Now I have, I have the bucks by six and a half over the Raiders. I hit this exactly. I swore on our friendship. Seven. Okay, well you were confident heading into this. They gotta win that. Aren't there some teaser staring us in the face here? Some nice we don't even have to do. I'm scared to put the bucks in anything. Really have to watch them today. He's your mvp. How are you gonna, how's he gonna lose to We just O'Connell. Whatever. We have to talk JJ out of not taking the Giants or the Jets as his underdog man man's best bet. Whatever. Whatever we call it. I have to beat these guys, which can't allow him to do it. Can't allow him to do it.


Sunday Night Chiefs Chargers in Kansas City. It's a Vegas zone if I've ever seen it. I'm gonna say Chiefs by five and a half. Oh, you went too high. I said three. It's three and a half. Oh wow. So, so everyone's just done with the chief says a high favorite now they're okay. Yeah. Yeah. They're onto it. Alright, we're all done. Does Mahomes know? He doesn't know. They don't, they don't tell him. They don't tell him until the last minute. Well the Chargers have eight wins, right? Yeah. They could play like a stifling defense like I don't know.


I mean at this point the Chiefs are good for 22 points. So what's the other team gonna score? I have some Chargers action for the season that I'm excited to cash in on. They're one away from their over eight and a half was their over. That was good. Good. Playoffs was I think pretty, I think it was at least plus one 20, something like that. Yep. And I have Harbaugh coach of the year, which he's probably not gonna win now. What do you have to do? Yeah. You just go to like at least 12 and five to win that. Right? That's tough. It's tough. You got too many other division winners like that. None other guys. Monday night.


What a hilarious game. This is Cincinnati. They can't flex it at the Dallas. Cowboys un flexed. 'cause it's on a Monday night. I. don Dunno. What team's been more disappointing? I have the Bengals favorite. Bengals minus one and a half. Oh wow. I thought I This one you could have stolen wouldn't have mattered. I said three and a half. Six and a half is the number. Come on. Well, this is a, a teaser darling. Right? Borrow against Rush. This is the, this is the season T's the season Simmons for the Bengals.


It's over anyway. But e even your crappy team could move the ball on them though. I know. It's gonna be fun. You could win this game. Somebody will take That's an underdog money line. Bet. 7, 6 1 on the year. Here we go. Yeah, man. You're almost tied. Jacoby's gotta be fired up. Oh yeah.


Thanks again. Thanks again to Workday for sponsoring this segment. Be a finance and HR rockstar with Workday. To learn more, visit workday.com.


One more break and then we're gonna do Parent Corner.


This episode is brought to you by Old El. Paso. This game day hosting feel like an extreme sport. Not anymore. With Old El Paso. Feeding your Hungry crowd is oh so easy. Old El Paso's crunchy stand and stuffed shells. Bold seasonings and squeezable sauces are fumble free, flavor packed and perfect for cheering on your team. Football season is taco season with Old El Paso. Level up your next tailgate or watch party. Shop Game Day Essentials at Old El Paso dot com.


This show is sponsored by Better Help. Unfortunately, we don't get an owner's manual for ourselves. There are no simple instructions for what to do when we feel down or when we have relationship problems or family conflicts. That's when therapy can help. And Better Help is a convenient way to get started. It's 100% online, flexible and surprisingly affordable. Connect with a licensed therapist by phone, video, or online chat at a time that works for you. And if you're thinking of starting therapy, give better help a try. Start by filling out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist who fits your needs and preferences. Switch therapists at any time for no additional charge. Visit better help.com/ Bill Simmons today to get 10% off your first month. That is better. Help hlp.com/ Bill. Simmons


Parent corner coming off Thanksgiving. Always a lively edition. What do you got? You could do your own kids, you could do your parents. I don't, yeah, they all drive me so nuts. Well, really, you know what? I'll do my kids. Here's what I was gonna go with. And I, I feel like I'm thankful that they all have a piece of me and it's not a great piece of me, but it, it's, I I see me and all of them. Like my oldest son, I told you last week was leaving early Friday to go to the Oregon Washington game. So yes, sport's over everything. He is gone Friday after the meal. Good job. The wife's upset. The youngest kid. We go around the table on Thanksgiving, And it, it's a torturous process.


It, it lasts like 20 minutes. But we all say like, what we're thankful for. And like my mother goes for like eight minutes and it's crazy. But when we got to my little, my littlest one ol, he thanked the Mets. He thanked the Mets for an exciting September and I liked that. I was like, you know, and only one, he was prompted by my mother. Did he come around and say he was thankful for anyone, the family. So there's that. I love that. And then my middle son Jack gets such a kick out of our friend Brad, our crazy friend Brad, who stayed with me. I said, Brad, you can come to Thanksgiving. It might be too much for you. There's gonna be 20 people, or you could stay with me the rest of the weekend.


Or you could do both. Whatever. He is like, I'll be here Friday. So he comes out and my son Jack just loves it. I mean, you know, Brad, he is like, every noise Brad makes, he loves it. Like, if I let the dog out, I have to close the door quickly because Brad is usually screaming if there's like a play on TV or if there's like hip hurts or something. Like, I don't want the neighbors to think there's a murder going on in the living room. So I'm like, come on. I'm like kept waving the dog in. And my, my, my son loves it. My son loves it. Brad is like double fisting. Mountain Dews at 9:00 AM like he just, he is, he is all over it. And like, this is the, this is when I knew like, that's my boy. Like we ordered ribs Saturday night after watching football and the order came And, it was like a little light.


Like it just like, ah, you could tell like, dammit, I'm, I'm mad. And Jack gave up his ribs just so he could watch Brad eat just so he could watch it and like, wow. Wow. Because it's such a That's true. Love and affection. Yes, it's love and affection. But it's also like, he's like sneaking pictures too, because you could have like a 12 pack of Brillo pads and not get the barbecue sauce out of his beard for like even 10% of it. It's a real spectacle. And that's my boy. They all have terrible qualities in mind, but it adds up. No, no family dysfunction, no shouting matches, nothing. Not too much. My father started getting into politics and he was shouted down. So luckily that, oh, how did that go?


Good for him. Yeah, that was great. They're like, nah, no, nobody wants to hear it. My sister announced that she and my mother and are in therapy to 20 strangers. So that was fun. But that's it. It was pretty light. So my daughter went back to school today, but she was here for a while and you know, it's just, you fall back into the old habits. But on Friday day off, my wife wanted to go for like a big long walk and we'll just go and maybe we'll stop and get a drink somewhere. So we walk, we walk and we walk and we walk and we end up all the way in Beverly Hills. We decide to get like a bloody Mary.


We're with her friend Krista. And then that leads to, we, we go by and we stop by my mom's house who of course has wine going. So there's some wine there. And then we're walking back, we're talking about the Fri french fries at the Four Seasons, which has spawned David Chang to do his bs, fries, major Domo, like you never had the french fries. So we go there, two more drinks. So now, now we're like, I'm, I haven't had this many, but my wife and and Chris are definitely going for it. There might have been a couple. This is all on a walk. This is on a walk. Yeah, we we're doing, we down on a 25,000 step walk. Wow. This is what they, they drink and they walk it off. But you know, getting a little tipsy and yeah, little, little, little.


So they're, my wife's trying to get my daughter to come out. My wi and my daughter doesn't wanna come out. It's like, come meet us. No, we're gonna be here. Still doesn't wanna come out. So then at four o'clock we're walking back and was like, let's go to The Grove. So we're walking through the Grove text my daughter again, meet us now. Then a half hour later she texts both of us. Like, where is everybody? I've been alone all day. Oh no. Sets my wife off. And she's just like, we've invited her this whole day and now she's mad that we're not home. I'm coming home and I'm gonna talk to her. I'm like, just don't. So we get home at like six. My wife goes upstairs and all of a sudden they're just yelling at each other for 10 minutes. And, and I'm just, I'm sitting down, I'm like, oh my God, really?


We're gonna do this. And, and then my wife comes back down, she's like, I'm leaving, I'm going out. I'm like, where, where are you going? Like, you're not trying. She's like, no, I'm gonna walk. There's this party over there, friends. I'm leaves and goes, walks to somebody else's house and she's just mad. And next morning they wake up, everything's fine. She goes in, Hey, sorry about yesterday. My daughter's like, oh yeah, it's fine. And I'm like, I this is, we're back. How did we run this back so quickly? You guys played all the hits. You crammed them all together. Well that's great. Mother daughter. That's the mother. You see, you never had it 'cause you had the three sons. No, the mother-daughter energy is like nothing else. What was the fight? Fight? It's like, they're like, honestly, I don't even really know what the fight was.


My wife didn't really know the next day either. And what I realized is with moms and daughters, it's like in hockey when, you know, it's like game four of a series and it's like five two, it's like 10 minutes left and it's, and all of a sudden the enforcers are skating around and they're like, all right. And they just kind of drop the gloves and start going. Right. That was what it was like. They just needed to kind of drop the gloves and go get some punches in, hold each other, have the guy have the teammate. So I was basically the teammate in the, you know, in the, in the, yeah. Where do you, where do you call where all the hockey players? The the bench. The bench? Yeah. Yeah, the bench I don Dunno what I was blanking. I'm on the bench like tapping my stick.


Like good bra guys. Good brawl. Right. And then, you know, they hang out the rest of the weekend. We went to dinner last night. My wife drove to the airport today. It's like, couldn't be better. They just had to drop the gloves and then Yeah, because like hockey at the end of the playoffs series, everybody lines up in shakes hands. Right. So it's the same. That's what it's, yeah. So, wow. And I was saying to my wife like, it's just weird that you guys have to do that. And she's like, you know, if we didn't do that, I think that would be, that would make me nervous. Interesting. And I'm like, okay, I guess that makes sense. And whatever weird world you're in, you know that it just means we're communicating. Alright. Right. Sure.


I, that's interesting. I guess that's what it means that the 25,000 step walk leads to a 12 step program. I, don Dunno, there's some something in there. I'm not sure. 25 7 drinks and then 12 steps. Step one, denial. Step 24,998 Admittance. Yeah. I wanna have the Sopranos intervention for her and Krista just like, just have Polly and Sylvia and Tony Pauly going, you make me sick, Chrissy, you make me sick. Mr. Type a personality. This is not about my personality.


Anyway, that's parent quarter. That's great. Great to have the family back. What, what do you got? What do you got to pug? What do I got? I got a lot through The Ringer with the great Tate Frazier against the lots. We're gonna go over the conference finals for college football. Oh, ringer. Pre-game show, which you were on. I'm 11 and two with my best bet Simmons. I try, I'm trying to make it a a, a game here, but nobody wants to catch me. Whatcha gonna do Cut Als winning Weekend Boomer and Is a guest. And I have a, a documentary that I produced on Yacht Rock. It's on Max. Oh, I heard that was really good. No, no, it wasn't me. That was you and Daniel Kelson produced that and I loved it. It was his idea apparently in some form.


I loved it. I really did. Thank you. I, I'll tell you the, my favorite is the Michael McDonald collaboration stuff with Kenny Loggins. By the way, the documentary says that Michael McDonald, not the same Michael McDonald, but coaches the Seahawks. So I didn't know different. Didn't know that. Different one. All different guy. But no, that they did what a fool Believes, which I know. And then talking about that they knew their next well, they thought their next project would fail and that was this is it And it that was not, yeah, they just wanted, wanted like bang out a song quickly get it. So write something else and that one, and then Heart to Heart. I loved it. I really, really did. Oh, thanks buddy. And total. Yeah, it's one, one thing I'll say though, and I feel like this could be like, is diehard a Christmas movie?


Debacle Total would definitely influence other yacht rockers, but I don't con consider total yacht rock. Interesting. Is that weird? I think they're an essential 'cause of Rosanna and Africa. Yeah. You think those are, I mean I I don't know. I think Sanna Rock, I think too much think known as like a yacht rock staple. Right. Really I don Dunno. You don't, you wouldn't put Georgi Porgy in there as he as a staple. Maybe. Maybe. Maybe I, yeah, I mean a lot of bands have one maybe song, but I just, and it was done so well. Like where people are like, you can't put your finger on what is your, you just know. You just know when you hear it. But yeah, likem Lambert said it was like pornography where you just know that it's porn.


Yeah, exactly. The weird ones for me are Hall Os who, I don't consider yacht rock. No. But I do think they have a couple yacht rock songs that just, and the Eagles are the same way. I don't think they're yacht rock band. I would never say they did Yacht Rock. But I think one of these Knight is a yacht rock song. Yes. So it's like just, there's a Venn diagram where when it crosses, you kind of know and you just grab the song Michael Jackson, human Nature and Rock with You, or Yacht Rock songs. But he's obviously not a yacht rock artist. Right. Lionel Richie, the Commodore, like those guys had, they're more pop artists, but they definitely had songs that if you didn't know who sang them, they're yacht rock songs. Did you find that most of them, like were, I know there was definitely, I don't wanna ruin it, but were, people were annoyed to be put in that category too, right?


For a while. Yeah, because it became, it was like, are you making fun of me? Are you on my side? I think that existed for a while, but now I think it's such a popular genre now. I think the artists kind of get it, that it's good for them, it's good for their music, it's good for the Spotify. It's also like, you know, for playlists, it's got its own SIR station. Yeah. So it's so good. It's become like its own genre. Right. You know, which, like disco that happened, you know, like West Coast rap, like there's certain genres that you kind of know it when you hear it. So yeah, it's right up my alley. I recommend it to, to anyone. Thanks anyone going on a 25,000 step walk, just pop max 2020 5,012 step walk because cus pleasure is always good job by You.


Good job by you buddy.