
Coming up all the week two NFL Subplots. It's a million dollar picks and a lot more. Next, it's The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel Football. Finally back you can dive into all the action With FanDuel, they have the best betting app. They have the most bets, they have parlays, they have same game parlays, they have boosts. I'm gonna be doing Boost every single week during the NF NFL season and you can trail those. I love FanDuel. The app is safe, secure, and easy to use, and when you win you'll get paid instantly. Plus, look out for FanDuel Squares this NFL season. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one Sportsbook. The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available. And listen to the end of the episode. For additional details. Must be 21 plus President Select state's game problem called winning hundred gam. Visit rg-help.com.


This episode is brought to you by the HBO O Original Limited series. The Penguin on Max the city will be his starring Academy Award nominee Colin Farrell as Oz Cob. A k the Penguin. The eight episode HBO original limited series continues the epic crime saga that began with the global blockbuster, the Batman. Don't miss the show. Everyone will be talking about the Penguin premieres September 19th at 9:00 PM on max.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer. Podcast Network. if you like the re watchable, you should subscribe to our YouTube channel. It's called Ringer Movies. All the new episodes for the re watchable go up there as well as the archives for a lot of the old ones as well.


I also have my own YouTube channel. It's the Bill Simmons channel where we run clips and entire episodes from this podcast on Sunday nights. We're going live guest in lines with Cousin Sal. So if you wanna watch us do the podcast in real time, subscribe to the Bill Simmons channel. Coming up in a little bit. I'm gonna talk to Mike Lombardi. We're gonna play a little gaming either or all the stuff that happened in week one, which now feels like it could go either way. As we head into week two, what do you believe we're covering all that. And then Joe House is coming on to continue Million dollar picks. We had some success last week. We'll see if we can keep it going. I just watched Bill's, dolphins, which a game I was really excited about. And I gotta be honest, after the way the Pats looked last week, I, you know, who knows a FFC East?


Is anybody good? Maybe the Pats could sneak in. I thought the Pats were gonna be the worst team in the league. So the Bills just killed the dolphins and they looked great. James Cook looked great. They did that whole running tight end thing and just ball control and Josh Allen doing his thing and, and they were awesome and they were running away with the game. Tua was terrible, including through one of the worst pick sixes of his career. And it looked like the storyline after the game was gonna be here we go to a prime time or the bills and or the bills and it's just, it just never seems to go well in certain situations for him. But 'cause he was playing so bad, he ends up taking a big chance on a fourth, fourth thing goal play in the red zone and does something he never did last year.


Last year they were so careful about him not taking big hits. This year he's trying to get a first down and ends up taking a big hit from DeMar Hamlin of all people. And immediately even as he's hitting Hamlin, I'm thinking, oh God. And then of course there it is, concussion. He's doing the fencing position and, and it was just awful. And it changed the tenor of the game. And you know, you flash back to 2022 where he had two reported concussions. But look, he had three concussions that year, the week three one, which they claimed was some sort of weird back issue, but we all thought it was a concussion in the moment. And then whoever thought that was backed up by the fact in week four he ended up with another concussion.


And then We didn't know if he was gonna come back all year. And then in week 16 he came back, he was playing again and got a third concussion. And then in the whole off season, wondering if he's gonna play again or not. He ends up, he comes back, puts on weight, they're more careful with him and he plays well enough that he gets a max contract. But now fourth concussion and now we're in this weird area that nobody really knows how to govern with concussions. How many is enough? How many is enough to tell prayer to stop? Are you allowed to tell prayer to stop? It's the thing that we just didn't think about up until the mid two thousands. You know where you go back, you can watch on YouTube, you can watch these players in the, the pre-game, the little montage when a pre-game Sunday show starts, or you know, Madden in 2002 and the sport was super violent and it was celebrated.


And then at some point during the two thousands that started to shift, there was that famous Pittsburgh Baltimore game when a bunch of guys got carried off the field and we all started looking at each other going, wait, are we, are we complicit in this? Like we love football? Like all these guys are getting crushed and concussion research starts. Chris Lewinsky starts doing some great stuff. He's been on this podcast, he should follow his Twitter feed. He was the one that was tweeting tonight right after the Tua thing happened, the play. And he is like, look, that's a clear fencing. His fist is clenched, his arm is out. And I know from reading and following Chris all these years, like you kind of know the signs of when it was a bad concussion, right?


There's like the concussion you don't really know you had, but it turns out you had, there's concussion when you get your bell rung and then there's the fencing one and then there's the, I just got knocked out cold. So this was like the second or worst one that you could have. And how do you govern this? I have no idea. The first time this really changed was that KC and Indianapolis game in the playoffs when Jamal Charles got knocked out and didn't come back in. And I remember writing about that at the time. Something is different. In the old days, Jamal Charles would've come back in 'cause it's in the playoffs and now we're watching it. And even if you had money on the Chiefs or you're rooting for the chiefs, you're going, please don't come back in. So it's been about 10, 11 years since we really started thinking about it from the player's perspective and really started to all collectively go, Hey, whoa, this isn't right.


And it feels like we're in that zone with two. And he's not the only one. Like Denzel Ward on the, on the Browns, got his fifth concussion in training camp. How many's enough? What's the number we don't really know? And we leave it up to the players. And this happens not just in football, but in UFC, it happens in wrestling. There's a ton of concussions in boxing. You get knocked out and you know, you get little tiny ones your brain learns to figure out the violence of it. But this Tua thing is really tough because it feels like this has to be the last one. And if he comes back and he gets another one, I don't know how the dolphins in the league can keep getting it going.


Every time you get a concussion, it's much easier to get the next one. And we just now have a ton of research about ct, about repeated concussions, about how bad it is for you physically down the road. And allegedly as a society, we're supposed to care about this stuff. So just a brutal night for the Dolphins overall, because Tua is gonna play again in 10 days potentially. I don't think he should play. There's no rule in place that says he can't, but he shouldn't, right? He shouldn't. So how's it gonna play out? It's just another thing we're gonna be talking about somehow. The NFL in September. It's always like these subplots that end up taking over the first couple weeks and they're always a little unseemly.


And this one felt unseemly tonight because it brought us back to 2022. And I don't think he should have come back after the two concussions in two weeks, but we'll see how they handle it. Pretty brutal night overall. Pretty brutal. It obscured the fact that the bills looked really good again, that they had a pass rush that their grounding pound game combined with the stuff with Ade that Alan looked really good that they just, you know, a team that I didn't pick for the playoffs because I just felt like at some point we have $61 million in cap money. You've lost a bunch of guys at some point you have to have a transition year. I thought the jets were gonna be the A FC East playoff team.


Now it looks like it's gonna be the bills, but that's the great thing about week two. By week five it might be somebody else. Maybe it'll be the Patriots, who knows. Anyway, weird night in the NFL, we're gonna bring in Pearl Jam and then Mike Lombardi next. All right, I wasn't able to have this guy on before the season, but he's here now. Our old friend Michael Lombardi, week one in the books, week two coming.


This is one of my favorite. We text a lot during this time because there's a lot of stuff Yeah, we either know for sure that people don't fully know yet, but we feel like we do. Or there's stuff you think, but you wanna see it for another week. And then there's this stuff that's just, I have no effing idea, right? Here's one thing I know for sure. Lombardi, Malik Willis is terrible playing quarterback and he's gonna start, he's gonna start week two for the Packers. And I was waiting, I thought Monday they had signed somebody and Tuesday it's like, oh, when's the Tan Hill announcement coming? Then Wednesday and now it's Thursday and they're just rolling with it. They're gonna play Malik Willis. A guy that both of us watched play quarterback in real games.


He started three, he went one and two, it didn't go well. And what are they doing? What are they thinking? Alright, so let's go back, we'll touch on Malik in a second. They tried to, Ryan Tannehill and Matt LaFleur had the same agent. So there was conversations, but I think Tannehill is like, I'm not going somewhere unless somebody pays X, Y, or Z. And so that ended that conversation. And now somebody in that building, I don't know who it was, saw a tape of Malik Willis and I don't know what tape they watched that said, Hey, he's gonna be a really good backup one day. Like, I don't know where that was. I'll be in search of it. I mean it's like the finding the lock best sponsor that tape. But let's, let's have him walk down memory lane and talk about one of the greatest games in NFL history.


A game that should be in the Hall of Fame. A game that Malik Willis participated in. It was in early November in Kansas City. It was a Sunday night game. I'm sure Al's tie was perfectly laced up there. Now the owls are probably, yeah, he might have been doing that. But anyway, so Kansas City plays Tennessee, Malik starts, and from the beginning it's a disaster. Malik attempts 16 passes in the game. He completes five, one of them was a 48 yarder to the tight end on the screen on the first drive of the game. Yeah, he came 80 yards in that game. Now, as bad as that was the great Mike Vrabel, one of the great head coaches in our league, got the Kansas City Chiefs who I, they won the Super Bowl that year to overtime.


And remember it took two Patrick Mahomes runs scrambling out of the pocket to get the game to overtime. Like that's how, and so like, I don't know how this works for the Green Bay de the Green Bay defense and Matt LeFlore ain't make Vrabel, I could tell you that. Like how do you do this? Right? And so you, you sit there and say, here's what they all say whenever they get a quarterback like Malik, well, we'll run a lot of boots, we run lot of nakeds, we'll give them a lot of easy throws. The problem is he can't make an easy throw. Yeah, I remember that game as the Mike Vrabel is one of the five or six best coaches in the league audition tape. And of course he's unemployed right now. Of course he is. I that was one of the, I I think that game belongs in Canton.


I mean that's one of the finest coaching to take as good a coach as Andy Reed is with his Patrick Mahomes. And Kelsey was a better player and they had guys and to get that game to overtime when the, when basically they were playing 10 on one. I mean, do you realize this, I I've said this many times. Malik Willis is the only quarterback I've ever seen in the history of my career that got benched during a drive in a preseason game. Vrabel had had enough and basically set another quarterback out there and said, get him because he was screwing up everybody else. Well, how about they traded him for a seventh round pick What, a month ago? I know the Packers probably saw him as a reclamation project, but you know, if they go oh and five to start the season, or they go one and four, I I think they kind of have to go two and three in the first five.


If love's really gonna be gone a month, maybe they think they can push it back sooner. But we've seen seasons where if the team doesn't fix it in the first month that its becomes impossible to come back. What do you think it's nine or 10 wins for the seven seed in the NFC? I think it'll be nine. I think there's too much competition's. What I think, I mean, I don't know. Look, we get to the bears later, but I don't know where this all comes from, but look, I, I don't know how you win games. I mean, if Indianapolis doesn't go up there and if Malik Willis is the starter now the floor is couching as if they're gonna go eventually to that, that there's a chance that love could play. I don't see how that is, but maybe Maybe it wasn't as bad as we thought.


You know, maybe there's not any swelling. But I mean if they, if Indy doesn't go up there and win by 10 points, then something's really wrong with Indy, which I think something is really wrong with Indy. But Green Bay, I don't know. Look, it's so interesting when you follow that this whole quarterback carousel, so Malik Willis and Bo Nicks were both at Auburn. Bo Nicks won the starting job. Malik transfers to Liberty, right? Sean Clifford, the the third string quarterback at Green Bay was at Penn State along with the great will Levi. Hmm. Levis couldn't beat him out. He's third string in Green Bay. Meanwhile, Levi is talking about being the starting quarterback and turning the Titans f franchise around. Like somebody makes sense of all this for me. Like if Walsh Bill Walsh would've said, wait a minute, he didn't beat out Sean Clifford and we don't like Sean Clifford.


Like, who, why do we think we're gonna make him into a good player? He started three games, they scored 48 points in the three games. He had 11 first downs in the three games passing first Scott Sack 10 times. I think, I think those numbers are painful to listen to, but watching them is more painful. Yeah, I don't get it. You know, you mentioned the Indianapolis defense because that's another piece of this game because I'm gonna do a million dollar picks later with house and just spoiler alert, I I I just feel like this is a once in a lifetime chance to bet against Malik Willis. It seems like we're heading that way and Indy's minus three and the reason they're minus three is 'cause their defense Houston ran all over it.


Right? But this is what I love about week one heading into week two, where you think certain things 'cause of what happened in week one, but maybe some other things are true that you don't fully realize yet. And one of the things with indies d and you've been, you've been super critical of them, Gus Bradley, vanilla scheme, all that stuff, and I totally get that. But what if Houston's offense is just awesome? And it's like we either have to give up this, it's almost like San Francisco against the Jets. We either have to give up this or this, so we're gonna give up this and hopefully you don't kill us with this. And San Francisco's like, cool, we're gonna run all over you and Houston. It almost felt like they were more comfortable. You wanna just run Joe Mixon cool.


We don't wanna give away big plays. We're afraid of Stroud. And if you wanna gash us that way, I mean, they stayed in the game. They only lost by two. So I guess my question is, is Indy's defense that bad or is Houston's offense that good? Okay, so in these defense is bad when they go against the coach who's very good at understanding what they're doing in their scheme, in these defense can look better at times when they go against a, not a good offensive coordinator, but understood what they were doing. And and your analogy there, they didn't take away Nico Collins. Like if, if Gus Bradley would've worked for Al Davis from the time the season ended until that first game, he would've, every day Al Davis would've called him on the phone and said, what are we planning on for doing for Nico Col?


Like, we can't let Nico Collins beat us. Yeah. And of course Nico Collins beat us. I get the theory, let Joe Mixon run on it. But I mean, But one of those Nico Collins plays, he had, I mean, he caught a pass with two guys draped all over him for like 50 yards. I dunno what else you can do in that situation. It's the Belichick in and out coverage. Belichick hates it, you know? Yeah, you got him. I got him. Nobody got him. Right. And so he just ran, he split, he split it. So I I, I don't think Andy wants to win with their defensive line. And this whole theory of, of Bradley's defense is about if we have four great defensive linemen, we'll win the game that does that. That's, that's not working anymore. You don't have four great defensive linemen. I mean, you're gonna draft, you need a draft from Canton, not from the draft.


So, right. Look, I think Houston's really good. I think you're right that Houston is good. I think they're a little bit better based on Indy because there's so much that they know about one another. But I, I mean, look, the Stroud made a couple throws that were big time throws that I didn't think he would make. I mean, the throw a third night at the end of the game was as good throws you're gonna make. But to me, indie defense, anytime they play a good team who knows how to run the ball against them, who understands how to attack them, I don't think they're good enough. Okay, but what if they're playing Malik Willis? Well, that's where, okay, so, but here's what worries me. Here's what worries me that they, you would like, if, if if I'm in that building, I'm saying Gu Gus, we can't let run bootlegs.


We can't run. And if you have get into a short defense on first and 10, no matter what they put on the field, right In the box, Baby, Let's go. They put nine in the box. Let's go nine in the box. I mean, can we put 11 in the box? There was a game, you, there was a game when I was a kid. I was 13 year, I was, I was 11 years old and the Packers were playing my favorite team, the Washington Reds skis and George Allen was the coach and the wa the Green Bay Packers had Lynn Dickey a quarterback and their best player was John Brockington. He was the running back. Yeah. And I'll never forget this game. It was a playoff game. It was an RFK stadium and George Allen put five defensive linemen on the field.


It was the first time anybody ever done it, he put five down and he said to John Brockington, you run the ball. He had 13 carries for nine yards in the game. Right? And so, but that's what great coaches do. They say, okay, I know this is what you're gonna, this is the only way you can win the game. I'm gonna take that away from you. That's what I would do if I was at Indy. I would say, okay, I dare you to run the ball. But these guys are scheme related. Like when you watch the Jets play 49 ERs, Kyle got in a formation where, where it's unbelievable. The Jets had a guidelined up in the, a gap of the guard and the next player was out at the outside shoulder of the tackle. There's a bubble that's as big as anybody to run through. Like, but, but of course the 34% winning percentage coach of the Jets, Robert Sala, he made no adjustments to it.


He was watching the game like I was. So I think to me, we give so much credit for these guys making adjustments when these coaches are getting younger and younger and less and less about in-game adjustments and more about more scheme, what can we do? Like they're not watching the game. Well, I mean, solid does have eight kids, so it's not like he's not prolific. I mean he's got that going for him. Yeah, I heard he's got a great golf game too. He the Green Bay Philly game. 'cause love gets hurt at the end. It throws the Green Bay situation in flux. And that's all anyone talked about after. But it was also a really interesting game. It was on a shit field. It's in Brazil.


Both teams alternately look good for stretches. What did you see from Green Bay in that game before Love got hurt to make you think either they're a contender or they aren't? Because I was going into the season thinking they were either the second or the third best team in the N ffc and I left the game even before Love got hurt going, I, I don't know, maybe they're below San Francisco and Philly and, and and Detroit. Maybe they're in the four to six range. I left that game thinking that maybe I've overed their talent on defense because I've always felt like they were better on defense than they really were. And they didn't look good on defense to me. They looked slow, they didn't look explosive. I mean, they've got some good edge rushers, but I thought Philly, who I don't think Philly's offensive line is the same as they were in the past, but I thought, you know, in your best corner for an 80 yard touchdown or 60 yard to, I mean, you can't allow that to happen.


Yeah, I I think Green Bay, I think Green Bay was overvalued. I I, I initially thought the way you did, but as the summer went on and I went back and watched the tape, you know, this is a team that lost to Tommy DeVito, right? Yeah. This is a team that came home against Tampa and lost to Baker Mayfield the next week. So I think they've got, they and, and love is inconsistent at times. See we'll miss the strike zone. So I kind of felt like they would be a wild car. I never thought they could challenge the Detroit for the set for the North. I really didn't. At the end of the day I thought they weren't good enough. And they're young. I mean, this is the other problem. They're so young that it's hard to, you know, they, they go, I mean they probably spent the least amount of cap money of any team in the league because they did this spin a lot this year because they signed love.


But they're so young now. They've got great receivers. Don't get me wrong, the Eagles. I think the other issue is if it's a better field, you know, I don't know what happens. The Eagles can't don't, don't lead Brazil thinking the Eagles defense is better than it was last year. Like, I'm not sure that's right. Yeah. And the Packers receivers, I didn't think had a very good game compared to what their talent is. But I, I look at these house and I talked about this last week. Sometimes I wonder with these overseas games, if you just throw 'em out Yeah, they're almost like the Thursday games where it's just like, it's too weird. It's, I mean, that game was 10 hours away. The field was shit, it was a Friday night. Everything about it was weird. And Maybe, you throw it away, but then love gets hurt.


Anyway, I think the one thing that jumped out from the Eagle side is just, oh yeah, Saquon Barkley's really good. Like why were we overthinking this? This guy's better poor than Dere stop. Poor John Marra. I mean, don't you now, now how about poor John Marrow's weekend this weekend, the owner of the Giants, oh, he's gotta go take the train down to Washington and hope he can beat that shitty team in Washington. I dunno what house thinks of them, but they're terrible. They have no secondary. Well, their defense is atrocious. It's atrocious, right? So now he's gotta go down there and he is gotta, he wins. So then he's gonna take the train back home and then Monday night he's gonna sit in his nice cozy, comfy chair in his living room and have to watch another Sa Barkley parade. I mean, like, he, and he saw it coming. I mean, he saw this coming.


Well, at least Meanwhile least he has the, he at least he has the clip, which we talked about on Sunday night, was like Vito Corleone in the, in the conference room with all the people. I'm gonna hold some people responsible in this room if he gets hit by a lightning bolt. If he hangs himself in his jail cell. That's basically what he was saying. I'm gonna Blame Some of these people. I'm gonna blame some people in this room. You'd be fucking out. But he, you know, that was probably the best player in their team. And So, yeah, I I mean, look, the, he, you know, he ran the ball effectively. You know, I didn't think Hertz, I mean Hertz throws two interceptions. I I worry about the equal secrets because if Detroit's if you could block Philly, you're gonna throw the ball in Philly.


Yeah. And you can't get away with Zach Braun and NI Dean at linebacker. They're, they're gonna have to make some moves. I, I i, to me now I agree. Don't panic on it. It's a, it's afri those games you got throw out, that field was so shitty. I don't understand why we went to Brazil and there was only like 48,000 people in the stands. Like, I think if we're gonna go somewhere like that, shouldn't there be a hundred thousand in the, in the joint? Totally agree. And they didn't even know they're cheering like kickoffs. They didn't know what was going on. No, they, if you, if you were the giant In Germany, Right? Yeah. Go somewhere. That's also not that far away. If you're the Giants, when do you start thinking about what can we get for Dexter Lawrence?


Oh boy, I I think if you're the Giants y you know, you're not gonna, you paid them. Well, you wanna give the Giants more draft picks after they picked Evan Neil and Well, well, I just assume every, everyone's Gone now everybody's like giving Sam hanky draft picks. It's like giving Sam draft picks. I mean, like, shit you wanna give him, but he had all these picks. He couldn't pick anybody. Not Yeah, but I Just assume everyone's gone. Every, I mean everyone, maybe not day ball, but everybody else will be gone after this year, right? So, well, I think to me, you gotta entice whoever they hire, that if they hire a next coach, look they, they're 36% win percentage team since Tom Kaufman walked out the building. Yeah. I mean, and John Marra is a really nice person. I, and I, and I, and I think they do a horrible job of evaluating themselves.


I think one of the things I think we have to learn in sports, and I learned this when I was in the league, I think you know it too, when you let, when you let hard knocks into your building, when you let 'em in your building, you better be really good at your job. Because if you're not, and the fans see that you're not, and you start losing, you're gonna lose your job. I'm, I'm trying to think of a, but I'm trying to think of a single scenario where it would make sense to do that unless, no it doesn't. The only time like Belichick did those do your job, those documentaries where they followed the team for a year, but at that point he'd won Super Bowls. He really cares about the history of the NFL and I think he wanted people to document, like he also let people write books about them and things like that.


If you're, if you're a six and 10 team, six and 11 team, or you're the Giants or you're like the Bears who you haven't done anything yet and you've got a rookie qb, why the fuck do I want cameras around? Why do I want people videotape stuff? Why do I want sound bites? Especially in social media? 'cause you think You're good. The answer to the question is you think you're good. You think what you're doing is good. Like I think it exposed the giants for incompetence. Like they had no plan, they had no model. That's not how you run a team. I'm insulted as a personnel guy who spent my life in the NFL thinking that Joe Shane did what most people do. That's not how you run an NFL team. That's that. That's if a guy was in a bar at biggie's in North Jersey, that's how he would run the team.


Not how a professional would run the team. So when you let him in, right? Do you remember the one when I love the seed, when Herm Edwards was sitting there, they had the camera on him. Dick Curl his confidant, who was his game manager who could screw up everything for him, you know, Dick Curl was like, you know, throw it here and when he shouldn't throw it, it was like, and so he's sitting there in his office and he's pondering whether he should sharp Damon Herard or or Brady Coyle. And, and like, you know that neither one's any good So, it doesn't matter who you should start. But to me, once the Kansas City fans saw that there, they lost all confidence in their team. And that's what happens to the Giants. You think those fans in the Meadowlands believe what they saw from Shane and they saw from their front office that they had any confidence, then their best player comes.


Lawrence, the best player in the history of their franchise comes out and says, I can get 22 guys to beat this team. I think card knocks the risk reward. The Seesaw is like 95% risk, 5% reward that I still remember the first one ever. It was the Ravens one. It was after they'd won and Brian Billick was the coach. And they had, and I remember I wrote about it for ESPN way back when, and they took out like 10 of my best jokes. But it was Brian Billick just blow Harding it out of his mind. And at one point he was on a hammock and he is reading like some, you know, success book and just like Blow Harding and you're watching going, does this guy realize they're filming this?


Yeah, this guy realize like this is gonna be on television that this conversation, I would never do it. I just, I, I don't understand the upside, especially if you're a team that hasn't really proven anything, but when you're the Giants, it's not like you're getting the fans more fired up. It's not like you're selling more tickets. You're not selling more merchandise. There's no upside. Right? And, and this week, week two of the season, I, I mean this is, if, if Dave all goes down there and loses this game, they'd already have no fan base. I mean, Daniel Jones looked like David Car now. He just afraid to get hit. He just gotten hit so much he can't do it. I Feel like that was almost insulting to David Carr though It probably is. I I mean look, I think they should win.


I mean, if I had any guts in pick five games, I would probably take the Giants plus the points because, you know, you can understand why. you can mean like, like, but I think to me they should beat them now. Malik Neighbors before we came on, it's rumored he might've hurt himself in practice today. I dunno how bad that is. So, but look, I, I think when you let them into your building, you better be damn sure you can control. I said, you know, I'm up in NFL films every Tuesday with Belichick doing his pod. And yeah, I asked Ken Rogers the guy who does the hard knock stuff. I said, Ken, if that's what they showed us, what do you have on the floor? Like, what did you cut out? And he just laughed.


I mean, like, I I, I guess they didn't cut anything out, bill. They must not cut anything out. Like if that's what they're showing us, how bad could the other stuff be? If I was the gm, I would've definitely cut out the Saquon Barkley conversation with my owner. Basically like, you're fucking fucked. If this, if this doesn't work out, let's take a break. I wanna talk about the two New York football coaches


football's back and you know, there's no better place to get in on the NFL action then. FanDuel America's number one sports book. Right now all customers can bet $5 to get a three week free trial of NFL sending a ticket from YouTube and YouTube tv and then you'll be able to watch every regular season Sunday afternoon out of market game. Plus with FanDuel, you don't even have to leave the app to access realtime stats and data to help you make even more winning bets. All you have to do is visit FanDuel dot com slash bs and you can download America's number one sportsbook. You must be 21 plus 18 plus in DC and President Select states offer ends soon, 9 22 24. After three week free trial, the full price of NL Sunday ticket will be automatically charged seasonally. Cancel any time no refunds, terms, restrictions and embargoes apply. YouTube TV based plan required to watch YouTube TV redemption requires a Google account and current form of payment gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by N NFL Sunday Ticket on YouTube. TV one of my favorite products. And baby I am back in my role as YouTube TV's CMO, chief Multi-View Officer. That's right NFL season. It's finally here. Thank God. What were we doing without it? There's no better way to tune in than with NFL Sunday Ticket and YouTube tv. You get access to every game, every Sunday, all in one place. And with the upgraded multi-view feature, which I love so much, you can even customize which four NFL games you wanna watch at the same time. That's what I'm gonna be helping out with. That is one magical Sunday, my friends And. guess what? We get a bunch of them all in a row. Sign up today, youtube.com/bs device and content restrictions. Apply local and national games on YouTube. tv, NFL study ticket for outta market games. Excludes digital only games.


So big shot Bob Sala, who's 1834 career, who's one of the, one of the 20 worst coaches of all time who have coached over 50 games. See you have him on the jet side going in into Tennessee in the all time trap game. It's even got the three and a half point trap line. It's, there's just caution flags and the lanes are moving to one lane. There's construction workers on the road. Like nobody wants you to keep going down this road with the jets. They had, you know, all kinds of buzz before the year I fell for it. I picked them against San Francisco. I bet on them, I bet on win win the division and they just got outcoached and run over and now they're playing Tennessee.


So you have that and then you have day ball on the Giants where it's scapegoat time, which we've seen this overnight. We see it, the Lakers do it every year, two years. Poka. I I don't know what Darvin Ham's doing. It's like you picked fucking players So it, Darvin Ham's fault. It's Frank Vogel's fault two years ago. This is Luke Walton's fault six years ago, but you somehow you're still here, right? So it's always the coach what's going on? So the giant, so day ball be the scapegoat. I know you're friends with them, but which, how early can you fire a coach during an NFL season? Like what is, what's crazy? Is it crazy to do it in the first five games? Like you've just gone through preseason training Camping? Well we, we mentioned George Allen earlier.


He got fired in pre-season. You know Don Oh did he? Carl Rosenblum fired him in pre-season one year. Look, I I I think you have to give it some time, right? I mean, because Owen two can turn around it, you know, I think to me it's when the coach loses the locker room. And I think to me that hard knocks has made it very challenging. Now, you know, just if the Giants win this week doesn't make them a good team. Let's be clear they're not getting, yeah, I don't think they get to their five win total because when Sam goes 99 yards on you and you've got $8 billion in your defensive line and you can't get close to him, you got deeper problems than just Brian Day, right? Yeah. You know, look, they, they, Tom Coughlin left.


Do you remember the scene when Coughlin left? I mean, he walked right by John Mar at a press conference, didn't shake his hand, he was pissed. You remember that? And so they fired Coughlin for Ben McAdoo Macadoo for Pat Shermer, right? Pat Schermer for Joe Judge, Joe Judge for day ball. That's four in a row. You know what happens to me? Three do When they're three by the way, three doozies before day ball. I mean that was really the trifecta. Three Guys that had no business being a head coach. I mean no business being a head coach and never Coached, never got a head coach job again after that and never will. I mean, pat Schirmer's calling plays at, at at Colorado, he's the offense coordinator. Joe Judge is at Ole Miss. But I, I mean like, I have no idea. But somebody, what happens in teams when desperation comes in is when exactly the scenario that you said with Poka, when there's no more buffer between somebody, there's no more, I can't blame this guy or we need this coach to come in.


They've all got hired to save Daniel Jones, right? Well that's not working. As I've said on my pod. I mean, Brian, I love Brian, he's a great guy. But Brian was in Miami. They were terrible quarterback when they were terrible at quarterback at the Jets. Brian was there when they were terrible at quarterback in Cleveland, Brian. I mean, you can't make chicken salad outta chicken shit. Like you gotta have a good player. Yeah. And, and when he went to Buffalo, he kind of got his career back and that's how he became a head coach. So I think the Giants, I mean this is to me, this is where you have to have an honest conversation with yourself. Are we really good? Are we set up to win? I don't think I've been saying this now Bill for five years. The Giants haven't been set up to win it since Kaufman left.


They have no identity. They just, they just, they look like the Giants. When I was growing up in the seventies where no, where I was at Hofstra and the only game you could watch for the Giants and the Jets talk about a troubled childhood, you know, so yeah, I I I think it's hard on them. And then my man Bobby Sala, I mean look, I think they still have Big shot Bob by the way. you can take big shot Bob, if you wanna take that one big shot, take it, take big shot Bob. you can have it. I mean, my Lord, I I I don't understand how you can be part of a, of a Johnson and Johnson pharmaceutical world and think that this guy's gonna lead your team in the promised land. Meanwhile, you know, I mean we could say this about everybody, but he can't make, he just stands on the sideline Now he doesn't even make adjustments, but he came out this week and told everybody that being oh and one with Aaron is a lot better than being one and without him.


Okay, great. And he's gonna fix the defense. But here's what I, what happens, here's what happens with people. They don't pay attention. How many, take a guess how many games big shot Bob's defense gave up over 130 yards rushing last year. Five. Try eight, eight. Oh, now if, if you are the, if you're the greatest defense since the history of the 2000 Ravens, you may give up 200 yard games. Right? You're not giving up any. Yeah. But of course naturally they gave up. Eight people have run the ball on them New England, the second, third game of the year, round the ball up and down the field. And they, when they beat them, like, I don't want to hear that. This is, they're, they got some talented players, but this isn't a defense that just doesn't stone everybody.


Like they're gonna have a hard time and they're, and you know what's gotten lost in all this is nobody talks about how bad the Jets offense is in terms of how basic it's, it's day one West Coast install. I mean, it's not complicated at all. I mean the, the first third down was why Stick? Yeah. Like they run that over here at Ocean City High School. I thought one of the reasons I thought that might be better is because Rogers can do so much on the offensive side. Yeah. And be like, well Sal, the one thing we know he can do is coach the defense. And then their defense looked like complete crap. He's another, he's like Gus Bradley though. They don't have anything on their call sheet. Like in that game, the way that Kyle attacked him, the way Kyle attacked him, if you listen to what Belichick was saying on the Manning podcast, you know, it was interesting, there were two things going on there.


The Manning podcast was talking about Bill was talking about the C Gap runs. But then when you went to Troy Aikman, Troy was saying, well they're running inside and they had these stats. Well that's because the guy collecting the data doesn't understand that just because the ball gets run inside, it's a, it's a B gap play. Like these, all these runs were attacking the edges of the Jets defense. They're Sea G gap runs. And if you don't, if you're not sturdy on the cgap, but what Kyle did such a good job was he got angles on everybody. So instead of having to power somebody off the line, he just had to turn somebody. And it's brilliant. Walsh used to say this all the time, you know, all these coaches want to draw pass plays, but the great coaches know how to run the ball. Kyle knows how to run the ball. And when you know how to run the ball against big shot Bob, you can do some things.


That's why eight teams were able to go over 130, not over a hundred, over 130. So there is a scenario if they lost to will Levis and God help them if they lose to Will Levi on Sunday, oh my God. They play Thursday night against the Patriots in New Jersey. And the Patriots who I, and I wanna talk about them in a second, I have no idea if they're good or not, but on paper, the type of team that they could try to run the ball down the Jets four from the game, maybe try to just out hustle them out, coach them and, and somehow the Jets are down 10, nothing. The crowd's booing oh three is looming.


And there's a 10 days before the next game stretch Coming up. And I don't know if, if I'm a Jets fan, I'm like, man, if we lose the Tennessee, this could go sideways fast. You got Rogers who's not shy about, you know, throwing little gasoline on the fire sometimes. I dunno. I just, that's why It's, it must win in New York. I I couldn't agree with you more about look on paper turning the Jets card in and laying three and a half to Will Levi, who his head coach admitted last week, if they would've punted the ball on first down, they would've won the game. Right? Yeah. That's, I mean that's a that's a, that's a very toxic statement. I have no confidence in will. I never did, like I I was, I do Russo every Friday afternoon and we make three picks and I, and I was talking about how Chicago was way overvalued at four and a half and three and, and he and, and he and, and then I didn't take it in one of my three and he, and he took it and I said, he said, I can't believe you didn't take it.


You were talking to some, I said, because I don't trust Will Levi, I knew Chicago wasn't worth that number, but you didn't, you gotta play the Will Levi factor in there. So, and then how do they, like, let's put, go through it. How does Tennessee get open against the Jets? I mean they're gonna, the, the receivers of Tennessee aren't gonna get, Hopkins isn't getting open. They don't even have to put Sauce garner on them. They put Garner on Ridley. Like how do they, how do they move the ball on the Jets? How do they plays? So how do did it it's game. The jet should win and yet I'm never taking them ever. They should win by 14. They should win by three and a half. They should win by 14. One of my favorite Lombardi things and this really, this is the difference between somebody like you and somebody like me.


'cause you work for a bunch of teams and you really understand this. You always had that thing about, if I don't do this now, I lose the locker room and the season's over. Once you lose the locker room, that's it. There's no going back. It feels like we're there with Cleveland, with Deshaun. Yeah, he was, he was. He's been so bad. He was so bad against Dallas. I don't know what he's good at anymore when I watch, like he used to be, you know, he'd scramble around. He used to be dangerous, he used to be explosive. He, he just seems to me like a guy who's shellshocked. We, Sal and I talked on Sunday night, there was that one play, he just went straight back, he got perfect blocking and he just decided to veer out to the right Zach Wilson style And you could just see three Browns lineman just kind of watching him going, we just fucking blocked for you.


Where the fuck are you going? Yeah. And he just to run away, it just seems like he's a lost cause is the fancy at the point where if you like, let's say they're awful this week and I think they're gonna be like, how do you just keep starting this guy? You can't. Well you have to because the owner Bill, they doubled down on this deal. They guaranteed a salary this year, which was already guaranteed. So next year's cap number goes up to 72 million. His, you can't cut him. Like this is worse. This is gonna make George feel happy about having the worst contest ever given to Russell Wilson. This is gonna give, this is gonna make George, but Why can't just bench him? Why can't you just be the backup?


Well I you, because I think the owner who gave him the deal, now you gotta go walk up to the O because the owners blamed everybody else. You fired Alex Vanel. I mean think about this, Joe Flacco throws for 1,616 yards and five games Watson throws for 1,104 in six games. Yeah. It wasn't the offense that was broken, it wasn't the, you know what our job is to figure out players, coaches or scheme in any sport. That's, to me that's how you do an autopsy on a team. Is it the players, is it the coaches? Is it the scheme? Okay. It's easier in the NBA because it's usually relative to the players, but sometimes the schemes don't work. But to me that's where they made the biggest mistake. They're saying the scheme was wrong for Deshaun.


So we have to run a different scheme. Well look now what you get, I mean Dallas didn't even play good the Other day. What's he good at? What like what scheme is right for him? I don't know what his skills are anymore. I'll fully confess I was a Deshaun Watson fan coming outta college. He was good in Houston when he had Will Fuller, he threw the ball as well as anybody in the league. But I think, which we don't ever talk about, but I think money can spoil your appetite. Yeah, it real, I mean he's a very wealthy man. I don't care how many more lawsuits he gets against him. He's made so much money. I don't know if he has the same hunger and the same desire to, to prove that he can come back from it. You know, you listen to his press conference, he took a, but there's no energy in the guy. There's nothing.


And now he's got this other suit with his, he got a video attached to it. I mean, you know, and if he has another one after he is been suspended, how do they not suspend him for another year? Well I see. So there's a few things going on, but you made the key point. But just going backwards, he, his arm doesn't seem as explosive. He doesn't seem as fearless anymore. I don't think he seems as fast as he was four years ago. So those are three things. But then the other piece that you just mentioned, the quarterback's the leader of the team. They have to be the coolest guy in the huddle. They have to be the guy that galvanizes everybody up that lifts you up that you know, they're the pilot with the plane going like this and they're the guys making you feel safe.


And I'm only watching on my tv, but when I watch him, he just doesn't seem like he gives a shit. Right. And I agree, I can only judge what I see from the replays and how he's interacting with people, but to me he just doesn't seem like he really cares. And when your quarterback's bad and also doesn't seem like he really cares, I don't know how that's sustainable. Well I thought that same thing with Zach Wilson. I didn't think he cared last year. I think he thought it was, you know, it, it never felt important to me with Zach Wilson. Like it was just too hard. It was too hard to do the homework. It was too hard. Look, i I I think the first quarter down in Jacksonville might be the biggest quarter for the Cleveland Browns football ever. Because I agree with you. I mean Kevin Stefanski will not be able to have any authority within that team if, if he lets this guy continue to play shitty and those guys on defense are playing really good.


Yeah. Now we know this about Cleveland's defense. The numbers are staggering the difference between what they did at home and what they did on the road, right? I mean they gave up 3000 yards on the road. They gave up like 11 at home. I mean it's just like ridiculous. But you know, and of course they've got Doug on the other sideline, which can help them as he was Miami the other day. Downs For what the hell, For what reason? For what reason Could you possibly explain that? But not to lose track here, but I, I think that's first quarter is so damn important because if he doesn't come out and play good and he comes out and throws like he's been nose dive balls into the dirt, they have no run game. I mean they, they're offensive line's a mess because of the injuries but they have no run game.


And you think Amari Cooper's gonna be happy. You think, you know J Jerry Judy's gonna be happy When their offensive line banged up. I mean it's still not a hundred percent. Look, the owner runs the team, right? He won. I've worked there. He, he, he made the trade, he took responsibility for it can't fire himself but this is a hole that's hard to dig outta. It's really a hole to hard to dig outta And Stefanski. I don't think he's one of the four best coaches in the league, but I think he's in the top 10. I think he's done Year Twice the stuff hes done. Yeah, the stuff he's done compared to the talent he's had in the situation. He's been, and I think him and Kevin O'Connell, the two Kevins have been good. Right? And, and look, I mean he didn't wanna fire Alex Van Pel, he didn't wanna make all these changes on his offensive staff.


I dunno if it was Jimmy or D Haslam or if it was, if it was Paul d Poto, but somebody else is running it. Look, they've got a lot of people, they got a lot of people trying to run the team. Team that may not really understand football because they're so based on analytics and this is where you get caught is what your question was. if you don't understand football and you don't understand the locker room and you don't understand the impact of a guy who can't lead, then you don't understand how you're gonna win. That's really the issue. You can't figure out how to win. And somehow we talked about Deshaun and all the football stuff and didn't even talk about all the lawsuits and the off the field stuff, which is yet another reason. This is such a disaster. You mentioned the Jaguars. So I had six week one teams I mentioned earlier about week one.


It could go either way in week two, but then after week two you look back and you go, oh, now that makes sense. From week one I had the Jaguars. I bet on the Jaguars they actually covered the three and a half. I thought they played really well for three quarters and I actually think they might be good. And I think the result of that game is stupid. Now we're taping this for Miami Buffalo tonight. But if ET n just runs in the end zone, they're up 24 7, the game's over. I thought their defense was good. Have, and I'm not willing to, to basically admit I was wrong on the Jaguars because I thought they'd be a 10 win team. Isn't this line has like been basically two and a half and now it's at three?


Was it three and a half or a second? Now it's Jaguars three. But are the Jaguars good? I think they're, I mean, you know, I think they really are. No, Lawrence was really good in the first half. They threw it down the field better than he ever had, you know, they turned it over. Doug makes some a wonderful questionable decisions, but I think Ryan Nielsen, the new defensive coordinator, was good in Atlanta. Think about Atlanta, right? Last year, Atlanta had no pass rush whatsoever. Couldn't create turnovers. But he was third in the league and third down defense. That's really good with no pass rush. He was fourth in the league in red zone defense. So he kept you outta the end zone and he kept, and he kept, got off the field on third down. I think he did a really good job. I know he gave up a lot of yards to him and he gave up the big plate of Tyreek Hill, but I thought they played him really well.


But that got him Who, who else scores on that Tyreek touchdown. I mean, that was a, a miracle. It's nobody, Nobody Score. He does a 90 degree angle down the sideline. It's impossible. He's, he's unbelievable. He's the best receiver in football and he's the scariest one. So I I I, I think to me there, there's something fish this, this line at three and that Jet Tennessee line are the two ones that look too easy. They just look too easy. I think a lot of people still like Cleveland. I don't think they see the Deshaun Watson thing. I think there's people out there that are just gonna assume that, oh, he had a bad game. He'll play better this weekend. I think his career's over, I really do. I think we, I we're done. I Dallas last week. I liked Dallas last week for this reason.


Everybody was talking about all the problems in Dallas, but they were all contract issues, right? That's, that's, that doesn't really affect the problems. Were in the Cleveland, you know, they got new offensive coordinator, they got a defense that doesn't play well on the road, right? They got a quarterback who can't make a throw. I mean, there were more issues with them and it proved to be the truth, right? Yeah. It's the same thing. Cleveland's defense. The Cleveland's defense. This is the anomaly you'll never really understand. Cleveland's defense was the number one defense in the National Football League on third down. They were 32nd in the red zone. So if you got the ball in the red zone on them, you scored. Yeah. And so like how does those two things come together? I think to me, I, I thought I was never buying in on Cleveland.


I think to me there was gonna be a regression to the meme, especially defensively, the way they played on the road. And I, I thought Dallas was, you're getting the line moved. All Dallas is the favorite end up being the dog in the game. I think, I think Jacksonville should be, you know, I think it should be a three and a half game. That's what I think it should be. But you get, I Think that's Land if you get it at three. Yeah, I think if you get it at three, you gotta take Jacksonville. I had more to do on, on these week one week two teams. But I forgot to ask you, why don't the judge just sign Hasan Reddick? What's the point of this? Him and, and he's stood to make 14 million.


It's the dumbest holdout since Avion Bell. And then he didn't show up. Like I think this is one of those where his agency, whoever they are and rid, they're not, they're not getting along. Like they can't talk sense into the kid because anybody, if you represented them, you would be able to say, look, you're giving away money. You have one year left on a contract. Go in, get 12 sacks and we'll get to the market next year and you'll make $70 million. Yeah. Like why are we giving money back to them? And now you know, he's not coming in unless he gets money. Now. It's a principle thing for him. It's a dumbest holdout since Labon Bell So, it wasn't actually business, it became personal. He forgot one of the biggest rules of the Godfather.


What's he doing? That's right. I mean somebody should, should show him the Godfather. I mean Joe Douglas. Joe Douglas trades for this guy and doesn't have the contract worked out like he was one thing. Get rid of credit. I think it's a dumbest sold out of all time. But one thing get rid of credit is he was very clear with what he wanted. You know, now nothing says, I'm sorry, better than money. We know this, but the Jets don't wanna say they're sorry. They're not giving them money. See I think Levion Bell's contract was dumber because the running back shelf life we already knew at that point was pretty short to begin with. And it's like you have this many years to make money. We're gonna take one more break and then I wanna talk about some of the week one. Week two zags.


This episode is brought to you by Buffalo Wild Wings, go take out and delivery from Buffalo Wild Wings is now Buffalo Wild Wings go. And for a limited time you can get 10 free boneless wings from Buffalo Wild Wings Go when you spend $15 and use promo code go boneless. Which by the way, I'm a boneless guy. Sorry. I just love it. You know, some people are like boneless wings depending on the situation. Some people are hardcore wings. I'm a boneless guy. It makes it easier for boneless too. When you try any of the bub sauces, you can just smear 'em right in there. They have a crazy amount of sauces and dry rubs, which you should know if you've been to Buffalo Wild Wings. There's like 26 of them. My favorites Nashville Hot. I really like the orange chicken. And I'm an original Buffalo guy and if I had to pick one, I would pick the Nashville Hot. 'cause I like my mouth feeling hot when I'm eating Boneless Chicken. Let's be honest Wings, they're the one true football food. So the fact that you can get 10 of them free while you watch, I don't know, the first Sunday action when they have all those games. In the early games, you're just flipping around Maybe, you got a little multi-view, action, whatever, eat some wings while you're doing it. It's awesome. Order takeout or delivery from Buffalo Wild Wings. Go while you watch the games this football season. Enjoy your 10 free boneless wings and maybe enjoy some Nashville hot sauce while you're at it. At participating locations for a limited time when you order in the Buffalo Wild Wings web or app.


This episode is brought to you by FXs, American Sports story. Aaron Hernandez from Executive Producer Ryan Murphy comes the first installment of a FXs American sports story, the limited series charts, the Rise and F of NFL Superstar Aaron Hernandez and explores the disparate strands of his identity, his family, his career, his suicide, and their legacy and sports and American culture. FX iss, American Sports story. Aaron Hernandez premieres September 17th on fx. Stream it on Hulu.


This episode is brought to you by Workday. Get the whole band together with Workday and pair finance and HR in one platform for an epic performance with Workday ai. At the core, you'll make confident decisions faster than ever and you'll drive flawless business and finance operations with an agile platform that constantly evolves to future proof your organization. Be a finance and HR rockstar with Workday. Visit Workday dot com to learn more.


Okay, so I talked about that week one. Week two conundrum. The number one game for this is New England, Cincinnati week one, because there's a version of that game that Cincinnati just sucked, right? Right. They didn't play well. They, if they score and make it seven, seven in the second quarter, they probably end up winning. New England was able to run the ball really well. They blocked for some reason, which nobody expected, most of all me, you know, they replaced their left tackle in the first quarter. Me too. And all of a sudden the right side of the line looked like the early nineties cowboys and they only scored 16 points and they won anyway. But it felt convincing and it's like, you know what, we'll look back at that and like, man, that was a dumb game.


There's another scenario where the, where the, where the Pats might actually be pretty frisky and a little discount. 2001 Patriots ish where just a defense where now that they actually do have a pass rush, which I don't think either of us thought they were gonna have without Bar and Judon, but it seemed like they had one combined with the back seven, which is really good in the strength of the team and an ability to run the ball, which nobody was expecting. And everybody seems to be playing hard for Mayo, which you can feel it from the quotes and you can feel it from the Postgame stuff. And maybe they're decent, which makes me think maybe the Bengals are okay. But there's another scenario where the, the Seattle waxes the Pats this week and then we're like, oh, the Bengals aren't okay, because Seattle just killed the Patriots.


So where do you stand? How's it gonna play out? Well, I think the Patriots have one way to play and the way they played on Sunday was exactly the only way they can play. They've gotta play from in front. They've gotta run the ball and they've gotta hope their defense can hold up. Now they got a big break, Cincinnati's offensive line, our Trump Brown guy at right Tackle was a disaster. He did not play well. Joe, look, Zach Taylor, I, I don't understand it, but the guy's now, he's oh, in five in open in the first two weeks of the season, the last two years. I mean, he never gets his team ready to play. I mean, as much. And I thought he was better this summer in terms of playing people. But they're never ready. Like that game was all about the first quarter. if you don't play for, if you're Cincinnati and you don't score on the first drive and make the yeah, make the make the Patriots have to go put for ball in's hands for 40 times.


You got, they're gonna keep them in the game and then they're gonna build some confidence and momentum and then you're gonna be in trouble. They didn't get a first down in the first quarter. They didn't get a first down in the first quarter. Forget about scoring. So I agree. If they would've scored on that play, it probably would've given them some life. But look, I, I think every game will be a struggle for the Patriots. I, I think Seattle, their offensive line is not very good. They lost their tackle. The one thing there is good is New England's got a powerful defensive front. They can push people back, they'll create a problem for Seattle. If Kenneth Walker's not healthy, which it sounds like he's not, that's an issue too. So I think they're gonna be frisky in games. I don't think if, I don't think they're gonna be 10 point dogs at the time. Now they're three and a half point dogs.


Yeah, three point dogs here. I think they're frisky enough to where they'll play 'cause they're good enough to play on defense. And if you don't understand how you have to play 'em, like if I'm, if I'm Seattle, I'm saying everything, we gotta score. We gotta, we gotta score early, we gotta, we gotta get in front of these guys. Maket beat us. Yeah. But if you don't do that, like Zach Taylor obviously didn't do it and then they ran the ball. See, to me, Cincinnati, when they couldn't stop the run, they missed DJ reeder badly. I agree with that. And I also, the Chase thing, the holdout and Burrow with this hand and all the vibes are off on that team. They offer Chase according to the reports today, which I think is true, and I've heard this to be true.


They offered him 35 a year with like 90 guaranteed. And he turned it down because he said he wants way more than Jefferson. Well now you're being unreasonable. Yeah. Like the market is the market. And if the Browns, if the Brown family's willing to pay you the market, that's why the Brown family said enough of this shit, you're out. You know, we're done. We're not doing anymore. We've offered you the best deal. We can you turn that down. You go on your own. We still own you. We have your rights for four more years. We have this year, right. We have a 50 year option, we can franchise and your franchise years. So the Pats and the Chargers look very similar to me in week one. And the Chargers have a more proven coach, but same kind of recipe. Right? Let's try to get the lead. Let's, let's try to establish to run and keep running and keep running and, and then we can throw out a position of strength.


Let's fly around on defense. I thought that Chargers defense, especially in the second half of that game, was pretty good. We also have no idea how bad the Raiders are. I guess we're gonna find that out. Minsu did have his complete, he completed like 80% of his passes. So it's not like they weren't Yeah. Moving the ball. But I mean, they're in the game. I mean, Antonio Pierce goes for, if he goes for it on forked out, maybe they, and doesn't call like an inside zone play and get stuffed. Maybe he would've been in it. IIII don't think the Chargers looked very good. I thought Herbert was probably the most disappointing player of week one that I've seen. Yeah, well they only scored 22 points was a little similar to the Pats, like they did just enough to win. But that was another game where I'm like, I think the Raiders are bad, but maybe the Chargers are also better than people think.


But yeah, I mean, who's he throwing to? Like, Palmer is questionable for this week. Scott McConkey the rookie, but you know, the last year seems like he was a bust. Yeah. They didn't have no skill. They, they don't have a tight end that can get make a play. I, I think look, if you had any guts you'd take Carolina and, and the six at home, I don't have enough guts to do that. I mean, that's what separates me from the betting world because I look at that strictly as like there's, you know, but the number is the number. Like I think Carolina's so shitty and Bryce Young, he's now played seven, he's played 18 games now and he hasn't shown that he's got any ability to, to come outta it and Mac can rush and they've got the, the defensive front.


You know, so I, I I don't, I don't, I don't trust the Chargers 'cause they didn't have any stink. Wow. Harbaugh's your guy. I'm surprised you don't Them. I love Harbaugh. I think to me, he's gotta play a certain way. You nailed it. He's gotta play like the two Patriots, but their skill is terrible. I was disappointed with her, but he didn't make any throw. They, every score they had was off a big run. I wonder how many teams this year are the, if we can just take a lead heading in a halftime, we can probably win. But if we fall behind by 10, we're dead. Yeah. It Seems like we have more teams than usual this year that, that Qualifies for that. That's the lead though. Yeah. Why was Dallas so good last year? They had a plus 1 24 point differential. They went into halftime with 124 point lead.


Any team. Look, when we, when we do this podcast in January, the teams that are first half point differential and the advantage, who are the top four teams in that category? Or be the winners? It's style of play, right? The teams are there a lot. Most of the teams are somewhat even. There's obviously better teams. But if you can play a certain style, this is why basketball, you learn so much watching basketball for NFL. Because if you listen to the college basketball coaches, they'll say, if we play this game in the sixties, we have a chance if we play at the eighties, we can't win. They college coaches understand style of play. Yeah. Some of the NFL coaches, Zach Taylor, you know, some of these they don't understand. They just run their stuff. They just run their stuff. They don't understand that it's a three-dimensional game and you gotta play a certain style.


You, if New England doesn't play a style, say, say Seattle gets the opening kick scores a touchdown, say New England fumbles, they pick it up, they scoop and score, now they're down 14 to nothing. You know, now it's a different game. You can't be as patient. Did the Bears Defense change your mind at all about the ceiling of that team? Because you and I are both laughing during the summer about that, that over under was eight and a half heavy, heavy action on the eight and a half. Oh yeah. People going nuts about Caleb, them putting together this pass first three receiver offense that as soon as it gets cold is gonna make no sense at all. And yet their defensive Good. Well they played Will Levi, I mean he missed two guys.


He had a guy wide open in the end zone for a touchdown. I mean, the guy's sitting there like he was gonna fair catch the ball. It took forever for him to get it to him. That's a touchdown there. He had other guys wide open. They ran the ball on the Bear's Defense. Yeah, I I I mean look, the Bears are soft that you're not running that offense that the Bears are trying to run in Chicago when it gets cold. I mean, Tennessee kicked their ass up front. if you and I sat down and watched the all 22 of that game, Tennessee kicked their ass up front. Okay, I have a problem. I think the bears are, are be good on, I mean they're play smart, all that. But, alright, So you think that was Levi related? I think everything, look, Tennessee ran the ball when Levi, when he took Levi away from it and he could hand the ball off Tennessee's offense was actually better.


The guy couldn't even complete a screen half the time. My last one would would, and we don't know the answer to the Buffalo side of this because we're taping before the Thursday night game, but I thought the card's offense looked good and people were making a big deal after about how Kyler wasn't throwing it long. And, but yeah, I just thought he had control of the game. Harrison had a shit game and they barely went to him. And when they went to him, he dropped a pretty big pass, but they were moving the ball that whole game. Yeah. And, and if Buffalo is actually a playoff team, and I, I'm still not sure, but I was impressed. I actually thought they were gonna come down. I thought the guy got interfered with on the last play. Yeah. And I thought they had a chance to steal it. So they're playing this Rams team this weekend that, you know, has already had just a shit load of injuries.


I'm afraid to go against McVay, but they've, when your offensive line's decimated, you don't have Aaron Donald anymore. The the Pook is already gone, you know, and you're just like, what's the point of no return for injuries? They're kind of almost there. And I feel like the cards could steal it, but yet everyone's like, well, McVay owns Arizona. Do you believe in the coach owns franchise Blank Theory? Yeah. Yeah. And I think when you have all these injuries that he has, he can game plan around it. Now he is got four offensive linemen. He had to bring guys in. I thought Stafford was really good last week. I think he took a beat and he made throws. I mean, look, if you're gonna gimme a point and Sean, and, and to keep Sean Mcbe from going oh two, I'll take the point.


Yeah. I believe in game plan. I think that Arizona defense is atrocious. You know, that's awesome. I know. I I think to me, and Stafford will make enough plays. Cooper Cup could still make plays. So look, I, I don't know, to me, I think Buffalo's an average team with a great quarterback and I don't think you should ever, ever deviate from that. I think there are very average team with a great quarterback. I think Miami will do a lot of tonight. Here's where I think the advantage is for Miami tonight. Jordan Poer. So Miami has Jordan Poer on their team. He knows everything about Buffalo's defense from chapter to verse. He's gonna help them. I mean, they're gonna run some stuff that Buffalo's not used to seeing that's gonna attack Buffalo.


If Miami doesn't win this game, they're never gonna be the good team. And I'm not sure Buffalo is a good team. Even if Miami wins, like, I'm not gonna acquiesce and say, oh finally they beat a good team. So do you believe in the Coach Owens franchise blank? Because I never believed it until I felt like the Patriots were gonna beat Buffalo no matter who was on Buffalo's team for with the entire time we had Brady. It was just like, we're never losing a buffalo ever. Yeah, they would've lost the Buffalo. I mean, look, they got Josh Allen. So that changes the dynamic. But I think again, I'm saying for 20 years I was just like, mark, those two wins down we own Buffalo. Well how about the, you know, I think to me Sean understands certain games they're comfortable playing. There is a comfort level of playing there. I think Sean's really good coach and you give him a week to game plan when, when he knows he doesn't have this player or that player.


It's hard when you do it on the game. That left tackle that they put in against Detroit was so bad that that poor kid had no chance to play. And yet he's still Third stringer, right? Yeah. Right. And and still they got the game in overtime. Are you with me on the Steelers? Just in general? I think if you like ugly football and you like Mike Tomlin like I do. Yeah. I mean I, I regretted not I I didn't take 'em on the Russo contest, but to me they did exactly what they had to do to win the game. They ran the football. I said this on my, I said this on Monday, and Arthur Smith confirmed it today. But here's, here's when you know you got a good coach. Arthur Smith was not gonna let Justin Fields throw the ball in the middle field.


He was never gonna let him throw it. He threw it all outside the numbers. And so, because he didn't want Jesse Bates making a play, so they took away their plus best player. Meanwhile, for some reason, the Super Bowl winning champion Atlanta Falcons decided that, that TJ Watt wasn't gonna play in the game. So they didn't worry about him and he just destroyed the game. I mean, look, I'm worried about cousins. I don't know what you thought, but I was worried about cousins and I'm What Do you mean? What did I thought? I thought he was a statue. He could move. I mean, I, I that offensive line's not any good in Atlanta. They're not, they can't pass protect McCreary got his ass kicked this week against Philly. They'll be challenged. So I think all those people that bought tickets for Atlanta to win the Super Bowl, you might wanna think about selling them if you can.


It would be hilarious if Pennex turned out to be a great pick because cousins wasn't healthy Or cousins not screwed Because signing was bad. But Pennex made like, alright, we at least salvage it with the Pennix side trade. if you A hundred million in the hole, you're a hundred million in the Hole. Well that just like what 25% of the teams are just, they're, they're playing with like 80% of a salary cap. Alright, that's it for football. We have two other topics for you. One, have you talked yourself into the new big three of Joel Embiid, Paul George and Tyrese Maxey yet? I'm not going down. I'm not getting talked into that. It you, you're gonna It'll be February before I'm ever gonna be convinced of that.


I I'm just not going there. I'm not, I don't What part Scares you the most? What is it the injury factor? Is it the sacrifice? They have no mental toughness as a team. Like they, you can't, you can't be a championship team without mental toughness. And if your best player has zero mental toughness, how are you gonna be a championship team? He's a gold medalist. Yeah. Thanks to, thanks to the guy who put his team on his back and said, fellas, just get the fuck outta a gold Medal different Now. I mean, that's that great players play great when greatness is needed. That's what he was. I I'm not going, look, I I I know I've been down this road and they pull me back in. I'm not going down the road. I can't, I'm not, it's just, I know the outcome of this.


Like I've seen it. There's no toughness. I believe in toughness. I believe in championship character. I believe in hard work. All those things that Brady echoed at his hall of fame speech I believe in. And, and that hasn't changed since time in Memorial. So I, I I don't understand how they're gonna win. I don't care, you know, what pieces, you know, I mean, I appreciate them signing that French guy because he was tough. But the team's not tough. You know what's funny? You always complain about your friend Big daddy, the Packers fan. Yeah. Who's just always glass half to say he's glass half full would be an understanding he's glass like 5% full. Yeah, but you're kind of the big daddy of the Sixers.


That's who You turned into. Right. But only because, only because I, I, I don't like the star player. I just don't buy into him. If he were gone and they had other people, I would be more enthusiastic. I'm usually, I am usually, that's why Belichick and I got along so good. I'm usually Mr. Positive and he was Mr. Negative and so we kind of met in the middle a little bit. I'm typically really, I'm the happy scout. I'm not the miserable scout. You know, like some scouts, oh, this guy's no good. Well he's going in the Hall of Fame. Oh, he's no good. But this guy has destroyed me forever because of the media perception about him. And nobody's willing to say he's not in shape. Nobody's willing to say he could be great if he would get in shape.


Nobody's willing to criticize him. They all buy his, you know, oh yeah, I'm a star. You know, like win a championship, show me that you're really care. How about make round three? How about make round three? How about care? I really like Embi. I just wanna say I really like Embi the person and I don't understand why he, why he doesn't understand the get in shape piece of this, which makes me almost think his body is like breaking down and he's holding on for dear life. Alright, Lemme ask you this question. What are the chances that he's el healthy April 1st of next year? I would honestly say 50 50. Yeah, I think that's right. I think there's a 50% chance. Alright. And what's the chances that he's in shape in May 1st of next year?


But You and I we're both old. Like we know what happens with centers as they get older and they put weight on them, right? Guess what happens? They get hurt. They Get hurt. That's how it goes. You hit your thirties, put a little weight here, little weight there. Now all of a sudden, my knee, oh, I got tendonitis. I and, and oh my back. It's what, this was the last four or five years of Shaq's career. He just put he by and people be like, oh no, Shaq made the all-star team in oh eight. Like Shaq was a completely different guy the last 5, 6, 7 years of his career than you know where he started. So, So you asked me, am I negative? I just see the future. I, I know where this train's coming. There's another train. You know what's funny though? You didn't even mention the Paul George piece of a month in where the first, the first story, like sources say Paul George is unhappy.


He's standing in the corner so much on offense for Philly. Wish she had the ball mark. Well, because Max's great. Everyone loves Maxie. I love Maxie. I'm all in on Maxie. But here's where I think this, to me, I could, if I were prosecuting the nbe love affair in a court, I would call the dream team as my witnesses. Because as great as that team was, he really couldn't even play with that team. So all this conversation about, well he just needs the right pieces around him is bullshit because he was playing on the greatest semblance of, of basketball players in the world and he still couldn't play on that team. I guess I have two more things. You're doing a pod with Belichick who is, I mean he's on like seven shows.


He went from one where answers in a press conference to if you, if you just put a mic in front of him, he's talking. But what do, it just seems like he's getting a complete kick outta this whole thing. Loves like, it's like he, he's had all this stuff bottled up forever. Yeah. I think what he really loves, we're doing this thing called the Encyclopedia on YouTube too, where it, it, it, we're gonna do a weekly pod that I'm, we're gonna, he and I are gonna look back on this week. I think Matt, Patricia and him are gonna look ahead. But the one thing we're all doing is we're doing what we call the, the library, the encyclopedia. So we're doing a bunch of different things on, you know, the hall of Fame. We're doing things on evaluation, the process of building a team, all that stuff.


And then we're gonna put that in the library on the, on the YouTube. And that he really, I mean that's where his, he loves that. I mean, that's where he kind of comes throughout and he enjoys it. And I, and I think to me, the way he's approached it, he is, you know, he's working as hard as ever. He's in NFL films for three days. He's watching tape, you know, and, and I can't believe somebody wouldn't call him next off season, but I think he's preparing as if no, because of his age and may maybe nobody would call. I gotta have a career after this. I think the complete opposite. I think this is a six month sprint until February. And he's getting a job mean be like, I think so too. Nine jobs open as always. And he'll be ready. And he stayed in the limelight and he's, this was all really smart.


Well, when You but Bill, when you finish third in the Atlanta Falcons selection, you weren't even in their top three in the selection committee. I mean, you know, it's hard. It's, you know, it's hard. But I do think that there's, there's gonna be some there, there is definitely a gap between, like I did today. I wrote a, I'm writing a column for tomorrow. I borrowed one of your great things was what, like what team has no chance and there's like eight teams that right now that have no chance. Like you can eliminate eight teams from ever thinking about they're gonna the playoffs eight right now. That's a lot of teams. Yeah. In week One. I don't think I'm wrong on any of 'em. Do you think Arizona has a chance?


Do you think the Raiders have a chance? Do you think Washington has a chance? The Giants have a chance? You know, do you think Tennessee has a chance? You know, do you think Carolina, that's six. Denver Seven. So you talk about cross off teams. Yeah, there's sound. I always try to do one a week and we, for after week what we did too, we were like Caroline and the Giants cross offs. Done. Oh, You, I give you, I'm gonna give you eight now I I I don't know if I put Denver in there because Denver has no chance to win a Super Bowl, but Denver's gonna improve. But I'm talking about teams that have no chance at all. Like Tennessee has no chance. They're kidding themselves. Low. Yeah. Just like the giants are kidding themselves. Washington's got a young quarterback, but their team sucks. I mean there's all different scenarios, but how, has there ever been a time where eight teams you can just eliminate and say they got no chance?


Not after week one. And I, I honestly, I'd throw, I would throw in Cleveland. I think the Ashan thing is, is a single handled league gonna kill their season? I think Belichick's back in February. That's my prediction. What happens first? I hope so. Belichick is coaching again, or Bob Kraft is in the Hall of Fame. I know you read that piece. I mean, I I read that word, word for word. I mean I've seen that. I mean, you know, to try to deny that, that he had nothing to do with that documentary. Come on now. That's not fair. Well, I was waiting. Yeah. I worked with Alex Gibney. He's a great guy. We did that. And he still isn't Alex Alex Doing the Sopranos thing? Oh, it's up. That was my last thing I Had, I saw, I saw one episode last night.


That's the same guy that did the documentary on the Patriot. Yeah. He's one of the, he's one of the great documentaries of all time. And I had heard that he was involved because it was in the press. They did a press release or it came out that he was, and then all of a sudden, by the time the doc came out, he wasn't involved. And I was like, oh, that I guarantee. 'cause that guy doesn't, he did that Enron doc, like he doesn't fuck around with this stuff. So if it was like, this has to be a puff piece with craft, with final editorial control, that guy must have been like, I'm out. I dunno the story yet because I Haven't him, you'll gonna find this hard to believe. But I, I truly believe because Kraft hired the greatest coach of all time. He belongs in the Hall of Fame. I believe that wholehearted Let's, if, if Jerry Jones is in Kraft should be in, but I think he's pushing for it too hard.


That's my problem is like, just why are you trying to take credit for shit you didn't do? Like why not? If he would've gotten What made, if wasn't for him, Belichick and Brady wouldn't have been able to coexist for that long. 'cause Kraft was just brokering the piece between them at all times. Was that acrimonious just Take, just enjoy the six Super Bowls. Like why? Yeah, like I think he, I think he deserves to get in. I've said it before, but this, this egocentric drive to take credit for it. Like you're the owner. Why do you need credit? You own the team. You Right, you saved the team. They were gonna move. You saved them. You kept them in New England. I mean, art Rooney, you know, I mean he went through all those years being a, being bad at Pittsburgh, he didn't try to take credit for the Super Bowls.


He was generous in giving. Whereas this guy's trying to take everything from him. Like, that's what, to me, that's why he's not getting in. He's trying too hard. Well, we're gonna wrap up, but I I I'm stunned You haven't watched both episodes of the Sopranos doc yet. It's night night. It's an absolute outrage. I've already done a podcast two days ago with Fantasy and Van Lathan about how great it was. I thought you were the number soprano Fan. I didn't listen to that yet. I'll, I'll listen to that. Every, every Rule you, every rule you have is from The Sopranos and the Godfather. And you haven't watched The Sopranos doc. I well, I saw the one last night. I thought it was fabulous last night. In fact, the, the the going through the going, the Auditions were The, the auditions were tremendous.


Right? They were just tre tremendous. I I didn't see an Uncle Junior audition, which was very disappointing. Like I would've loved to seen that. But I, I mean, you talk about me being miserable, David Chase just lives a miserable life. Does he ever seem like He was Well wait until you get to part two. It it part two it really dives into that. Like when basically him and GNI and Soprano just merge into one miserable entity. So they, they get into it. Well I'm excited for you to watch the rest of it. It's great. Yeah. Lombardi, we can hear you all over the place. But especially the, the GM Shuffle podcast, coach GM Shuffle On Belichick. Find that on YouTube. Yep. And Visa Morning show. And you're working hard. It's, I always enjoy the content.


Great to see you my friend. Thank you Bill. Appreciate you.


Now it's time for a special part of today's episode sponsored by NF NFL. Sunday Ticket on YouTube TV. My friend NFL Sunday Ticket has awesome features to help you stay on top of all the action like multi-view. Another friend of mine where you can watch up to four games at once or layer on stats and fantasy views to track your favorite teams and players. I only have one favorite team. Some people have more than that. But when you bundle NF NFL, Sunday Ticket on YouTube TV, you get access to every game every Sunday. That is the most live NFL games all in one place. I don't know who they're competing against. Local and national games on YouTube, TV NFL Sunday Ticket for Market Games. It excludes digital in the games device. And content restrictions do apply. And if you play fantasy football NFL Sunday tickets, it's gonna be your best friend this season. It's made for fantasy sports. It's made for other stuff. Features that help you see multiple games at one. Stats Key play is more. I use it for everything. Everything I'm up to on Sunday. And if you've heard this podcast, you know it's a lot. I can link it with nfl.com fantasy or Yahoo Fantasy to YouTube tv. I can go back and forth. I can see what I'm doing with my fantasy lineups live. And with the multi-view. I can watch a whole bunch of things I'm fascinated in which we've been talking about the podcast. But for instance, you know, are the Jets and Giant are two below are what does Joe Burrow's risk look like? There's a whole bunch of things as you're scanning, especially these early weeks when you're forming your opinions is Deshaun Watson just it's over. That's why you need multiview. That's why you need Sunday ticket. Thanks again to our friends at NF NFL. Sunday Ticket on YouTube TV. Don't miss a moment of the action. Watch every game every Sunday when you bundle NF NFL. Send a ticket on YouTube tv. All you have to do is sign up today at youtube.com/bs, local and national games at YouTube tv, NFL send a ticket for out market games. Excludes digital only games device and content restrictions apply.


This episode is brought to you by Amazon Business. We all need more hours in the day, right? Well Amazon Business gets it. They've got super smart business buying solutions that make the admin stuff a breeze. That means you can spend less time at buried in paperwork and more time growing your business. That's pretty smart. Head over to amazon business.com and see what smart business buying is all about.


Alright, Joe. House is here. We're about to do million dollar picks. We almost had an awesome week last week and then the Jets let us down. But we, we finished four and two last week. We won $364,000 of fake money. We were four and one on the straight ups. We lost our Ts and most importantly, I won our argue pick, which was charges Raiders. So we're gonna do an argue pick. Congrats. We too, we too is always scary Overreactions a false sense of security or a false sense of this team is way worse than, and then it turns out they're not that bad. So we've been talking a lot about bets we like this week. And unfortunately there's been more disagreements than usual.


Thank God it's my podcast. And I can overrule us. I I, the thing we seem the most excited about is the Chargers just to beat the absolutely terrible Carolina Panthers. And there's a bet on FanDuel where it's Chargers first half chargers for the game is minus one 30. But we were looking at that. But I'm gonna go through some of the games that I like and you could either poo poo them throw in, I'll do two, then you do one and we can just go back and forth. Okay? I'm just happy to be back. So yeah, you get, you earned another week. 'cause we won money. Thank God, thank God. So Steelers, Broncos, Steelers minus two and a half at Denver.


And I love the Steelers. I'm continuing to back the Steelers. I love their defense Now. It's like, well, Kirk Cousins couldn't move. That's why I thought their defense was awesome in that game. Denver last week in Seattle, 67 plays for 2 31 yards. Bonus was awful. Yes. Why wouldn't Pittsburgh's defense just eat him up this week? Explain it to me. It's not Pi Pittsburgh's defense that I'm worried about. 'cause I do think that they'll travel, they'll be ferocious. It's the offense, right? We no, no touchdowns. So we're still trying to find a touchdown with Pittsburgh and it's just situationally a hard thing. A second consecutive road game at the beginning of the season, flying out to the high altitude.


And Denver started off last year. Oh, and two, Denver lost to Washington in their home opener. Oh my God, last year. So I think Sean Peyton is like, you know, point of emphasis. Let's try and not do that again. And the reason that I'm feeling not incredible about Pittsburgh is I thought that Denver defense was something against Seattle. I mean, they opened the game with a sack and an interception and two effing safeties in the first half. And Denver was winning at halftime. So for me, I'm, I'm not that inclined to jump back in. There's a big difference between Tomlin as a, a dog and Tomlin as a road favorite. So I'm just kind of like feeling squeamish about it.


So the only thing with Denver's defense, for some reason Seattle just couldn't block Well they have the worst texting, one of the worst offensive lines. Yeah, I was texting with Mina and Danny Kelly and they were just having a heart attack in the first half about how bad the blocking was. So Denver's defense might actually not even be that good. It might have just been in a Seattle. We'll know what the Seattle offensive line againsts the pats this week. I, to me this is an only Fields can screw this up at Lombardi made the key point before you came on. Yeah, I know, I know. You don't have to get, but Lombardi was like, watch how they used fields in that first game. He never threw the ball over the middle. They never wanted to put him. Everything was to the sides or deep or him scrambling.


Like I, I think, I actually think the stickers are pretty well coached and have kind of figured out what they can do and not do with him. I still like it. Steelers minus two and a half, I have it marked down. I'll talk you into it. It's fine. Jaguar's, Jaguar's Browns is a bet against Deshaun Watson and a bet on Jacksonville's defense that maybe actually is good. They were good for two and a half quarters gave up one long Tyre play, one waddle play. But for the most part I thought they were pretty good. I mean, they only gave up 20 points known to Jo Gu for Cleveland.


Cleveland's offensive line is still banged up. My question is, if et n doesn't fumble and Jacksonville goes up 24 7, they're about to win. Is this line like five and a half? Well that, that would be crazy. The the look ahead was Jacksonville by one and to me, but I'm saying Jacksonville kills Miami and I know Sean gets killed by Dallas. I understand this line's Jacksonville by six. I I don't, I mean that would be crazy talk if you, I went through all of the lines and looked for the discrepancies between the look ahead for week two because you know, just in general week two, yeah, you don't play favorites, right? Favorites hit like 40 some percent of the time in, in week two. So stay away from favorites.


And the other thing is, you know, you're looking for teams that were outright favorites in week one who are now in week two. You know that there is a nice bounce back angle in terms of against the spread. Those hit at about a 60% clip. But I don't like, you know, I I didn't see anything from Jacksonville that warranted the inflation on the line. That is a, a purely a function that's inflation. That's exactly it. It's a fun, it's a, it's a Deshaun premium. You're gonna pay a Deshaun premium. How about, how about this? I'm happy to pay it. I think his career's over, well I don't think he's a functional starting quarterback anymore. It may be, and I'm not gonna make the argument supporting him.


What I will say is that there was a big difference between the first half and second half of that game in terms of, you know, him looking mildly functional. He did hit Amarii Cooper in the hands with a 40 yard pass for a touchdown that Amarii Cooper did drop. the Browns did have four drops. He's probably so shocked he got hit in the hands of the past. He probably didn't know how to react. No argument. But I, I mean I'm still invested in the Cleveland Defense and I do think, you know, they're go, they're the Jacksonville offensive line has a little bit of rotating cast of characters. And if Cleveland puts defense on, on Trevor Lawrence, you know, the splits for him under duress and not under duress are not good.


So I just don't love like all the extra, the two extra points. How about the splits of Cleveland's defense on the road versus Cleveland's defense at home then? Yeah, fair enough. The other is, you know, Cleveland, it's a must win. But it's also, if they lose then it probably gives them an excuse to, to dump Deshaun and you know, put him on the bench and try one of the other guys Jacksonville. If they lose this game, they'd be owing two going into at Buffalo on a Monday night at Houston. It's weirdly a must win even though it's Deshaun Watson like this is a, Hey, if we're good we gotta take care of business. So for me, I thought, I thought Jacksonville was a playoff team.


I still think they have the talent to be there. And if they can't win a game like this, then I was dead wrong. And I'm just not willing to think I'm wrong. I, so this ties into the third game. Colts Packers, Colts minus three in Green Bay with Malik Willis. And we're gonna argue about Malik Wilson a second. These three bets, I get the best defense in either league against Bo Nicks. I get a Jaguar's defense at home that seems pretty good in hot weather against Deshaun Watson. His career is about to be over. And then I get to bet against Malik Willis and I'm just like, just strip all this stuff away. And it's like I get to do those three things.


What are the odds? I can't go at least two in one with those three, with those three thoughts in my head. I, I just wanna urge caution 'cause what you've done after you admirably presented me with a full slate of week one underdogs, you've now shown up for week two, the week where you don't play favorites and immediately put three favorites on the table, including one where the look headline was. You know, that's fair. You're doing a great conciliary job. Yeah, that's what I'm here for. Malik Wilson, Malik Willis Maybe, you should change his name to Luke Wilson. Same difference. Doesn't matter. Three starts, 48 points, 11 passing first Downs got sack 10 times 276 total pass yards, zero touchdowns, three picks just got given away for a seventh round pick.


I don't know what they're doing it Almo the only thing that worries me about this is if they think Jordan Love can actually play and they're roper doping us because they haven't, they haven't said he is out. He's like doubtful, questionable. And are we allowed to do a million dollar picks? Like if Jordan Love plays the bets scratched? Well it it's your, I guess it's my gimmick. I guess I can do what I want. It's your bit. I just am prepared to talk you out of it either way. I, I guess why Talk me out it, let's hear it. Well, because either we believe in LaFleur who starts off the season on fire, his record against the spread and straight up in the first three weeks since he's been the head coach is, is stellar.


And you know, you could say, well this is because the guys had, you know, he went, he went from Aaron Rogers to to to Jordan Love and yeah like look, you know, two pretty great quarterback situations and we're gonna put that all to the test. But the thing to me is I like the way that Green Bay established the run against Philadelphia and I think that Philadelphia's run defense is superior to the Colts because Joe Mixon, who hasn't run for 160 yards since what high school came out Yeah. With Houston and ran for 160 yards against this Colts defense.


Now can I give you a counter on that? Please go ahead. Because I said this to Lombardi, is it possible Houston's offense is really well-rounded and awesome and definitely Indianapolis was like, we have to give up something. We don't wanna give up deep passes and have troub just annihilate us all over the field. Let's see if Joe mixing can run for 160 yards. Because I think that was the philosophy. I also don't think Indianapolis defense is that good, but Well here's Houston do might be awesome. Here's an element to it, right? the Colts defense was on the football field for more than 35 minutes. Like, I mean, right around 35 minutes. The 76 plays the 43 I think something like that. Yeah, yeah. So well because the other time the Colts got the ball and they were just check Richardson had three 50 yard plays.


So the drives were faster. Yep, yep, yep, yep. So you have a, a tired defense on the road. You really, Tommy, you don't want me to bet against Malik Willis like you, that's honestly what you're telling me. When we were comparing notes, you thought they brought him not to for to throw a Hail Mary and he didn't even get the hail Mary off. It was the best thing ever. There's no scenario under which I'm going to sit here and advocate for Malik Willis. I honestly think that LaFleur's gonna keep the ball out of his hands. He is going to be standing in the quarterback position. What? You know why the Packers ran the ball wall against Philly? 'cause Jordan Love was their quarterback and they had to play with all, all the receivers worry about them and they had to give up something. It's a great, now worry about anybody.


Well except listen, you're not taking Malik Willis week away from me. I wanna bet against Malik Willis. And I'm doing it. All I'm telling you is it's too a this is a miracle line. It's cold minus three. No, I don't like it. It's a field goal. It's too much. I I would, I would be fine with it. Too much. How much lower do you want it? What if is, if it one, it's like, oh, now that's a fair price. One and a half or two would be fine. Six points, a six point difference For, for love. That's all. Not doing three. He's just being a, a puss. That's really what you're being, I'm I'm here to be your it's Willie. I just wanna urge caution. It's the most obvious game on the table, like the most obvious game on the table last week. And we saw how that went.


What is the case for supporting Green Bay and Malik Willis? I nobody can make it to do my best. You made the case, you said Green Bay's gonna, that Indies run. Defense is bad. Green Bay's gonna run the ball. The floor's a good coach. Lambeau Field, you're right, Anthony Richon and Green Bay. There's a case I'm trying, I'm trying best just don't think people remember how bad Malik Willis was. It's like, oh, they have a backup, we remember, it'll be fine. It's like, no, it's gonna be great. This is way worse than a backup chargers. He often won't be, he won't be blown away by seeing the Colts. 'cause while he was on the Titans, he saw the Colts a couple few times, right? It's not like, oh, this is not gonna be the, you know, it's still a Gus, Gus Bradley defense cover three all day long Chargers, Panthers.


There's a bet on FanDuel we like with that minus one 31st half game that I just wanna Mark Carolina lost Brown for the year. Their best guy on d on the defensive line. Bryce Young's in absolute shambles Harbaugh against Dave Canales. Palmer hurt for the Chargers, which was worries me. Little Lombardi was pointing out how Herbert just didn't look good in game one. Chargers next two is at Pittsburgh home kc. So this is a little bit of a must win. But the Carolina thing, it's almost bad to play at home. If you're Carolina, when the fans are this upset about the Bryce Young Trade, how bad Bryce Young's look the owner. Just the vibes. I would, I would rather be on the road if I was them, but yeah, so I, I'm this just feels like a Harbaugh figures it out game.


Yeah. I'm glad we're talking about this game in the manner we're talking about it because if we were talking about the points, I wouldn't, I wouldn't want to do it. I try. I mean, you can't make a compelling case for Carolina. All you can do is say historically teams that, you know, get blown out and lose by, by the number of points that they lose in Game one come in, they're gonna back You would cover cover at an incredible rate. I mean, there's nothing in the X's and O's to Commend Carolina. The thing I was so blown away by how tough that Charger's defense was like, it's good magically you flip a switch. Like my guy, look at my guy Joey BofA. Joey BofA Dom Dominant Do dominant.


Well it's, he's on the injury report. Oh no, what it just because it's, no, it's just, he's questionable now and for week two. But it's Joey Boa. Like just, you have to factor that in with him. He questionable. Joey Bosa for Force Fumble led the team in in, in, in, in tackle. Yeah, he was good. Pat Sack. Yeah, he's the ridler. He's questionable at all times. Both of these nuts is not missing this game. Both of these nuts. It's here. He's gonna show up for this game, this game. So we like first half in the game, minus one 30 have that Markdown cards, Rams, Fitz, your this looks too easy. Case where it's cards minus one half in Arizona, but McVay owns the Cardinals.


They have a bad defense, but McVay has all these offensive line issues already. Pook is out. I like the way the cards played last week. We're taping this before Miami, Buffalo, so it's hard to say how impressive the card's putting up 28 and driving for a game winning touchdown at the end and not getting it. Is this a stay away to you or should we consider it? It's, it's a stay away. I mean, if I was gonna do anything, I would tease the Rams up, you know, from the one and a half and get 'em up to over seven and a half, up to seven and a half. But I, there's no reason we don't, we're not compelled to play it. Okay. There's a ton of teaser legs that I like this week and I'm gonna talk about them right now.


I, there's some watch out for that. Teaser Chiefs just seem too easy and just super fun to throw in. I, I gotta say, I I, I don't wanna have a bet for against the Bengals this week 'cause I don't know what's going on with them. Right. And it just seems like a classic. Everyone likes the Chiefs and then the Bengals actually look like the Bengals again. You're like, oh my god, I can't believe I fell for the Bengals suck thing. They do this every year. I just want no part of that game. I'm with you. So we're, can we cross that one off? Cross off Houston Home for the Bears is the Sunday night game, I think, right? Yeah, yeah. This is the chaser tease. Oh. Where if you did do well on Sunday, you guys talked about this on The Ringer gambling show.


Then that Sunday night, it's like, I'm down Houston, tease with with Philly on Monday night and I'll, I'll rally back. Something scares me about this game. And I love Houston. I have a FC South Houston Bets. I have Houston for the one seat. I have Houston in the Super Bowl, but, but I don't know why, what scares you? It looks too easy. Scare. It just looks too easy. That's it. That's it. I don't have a rational reason. Oh, see, I feel a little more confident about this one. And I'm not saying let's walk in and, and lay the points. I prefer to play it as a teaser leg. Yeah. I think on a, on that national stage, that Sunday night, I think they'll, they're gonna, they're, they intend to come out and embarrass the bears and I don't think it's gonna take very much effort because speaking of, of, of Mike Lombardi did, did he talk about the Bears offensive line and, and the, the atrocious play and their inability last week against Tennessee.


Now Tennessee has a much improved defense for sure. Yeah. But Caleb was running for his life and that definitely played a role in, in how inaccurate he was and how lackluster average passing yards ended up. Well we did have, which we had the conversation of is did the Bears Defense look good or is Will Leva terrible? And the answer both Will Levi might be terrible and the Bears might be slightly good, but Yeah. All right. So, alright. You talked me into it. Texans minus six and a half teaser Ravens minus eight and a half. And I think that line bumps up higher than that against Las Vegas. I just think Las Vegas, I just wanna keep betting against them that rally back.


They'll win their stu they'll beat KC somehow. They'll have a couple dumb wins down the road, but right now I wanna bet against them. So with a tease, you can take the Ravens under three to two and a half. you can take the Texans down to a half point. And then I also like the Eagles against Atlanta and I think all three of those should go together. Yeah, yeah. I mean the Eagles against Atlanta is gonna end up like all over my card in so many different ways with like alt spreads and, and all kinds of stuff. Because that's Phil at home too, by the way. Well, yeah. And, and her cousins can't move. They didn't run a single play action play. The whole world knows it and is talking about it.


What are they possibly, and, and part of the thing with, with Atlanta, like how can you be this unprepared? How can you show up against, you know, you're playing Pittsburgh in, in in week one and you can't put this guy under center and run play action. Well they didn't do it because he can't, he can't move. He can't move. Right. So what, how, how is that like a, a responsible to him to cousins and how is it fair to the rest of his teammates to put that dude in, in that position? Pittsburgh knew every play that Atlanta was gonna run based on the formation. So we can, if you put those three together, that's plus one 40 on FanDuel for our six point tees.


What could go wrong? We could also, we could use our hammer 'cause they have a double your winnings on any money line bet. And we could use our hammer I think on that. Or we could use our hammer on that. Charger's be, I'd rather use it on the charger's be because the script for me with the Chargers is a low scoring chargers just come in and take care of business. Like they're up 17 to six. Right. Carolina gets two field goals over the course of the game chargers. Just, you know, they're still, you know, keeping the training wheels on Herbert. 'cause they, he, he's his whatever that plant fasciitis or whatever his issue is with his foot.


He didn't look great. They're not trying to push the ball down the field. He did not look great. They just want to control the ball. Let their defense do its thing. You don't, you don't have to do anything against Carolina. Carolina certainly isn't gonna put any pressure on the just run the ball. Run the ball, run the ball. 27 runs for 176 yards against the vaunted Raiders and their vaunted defensive line. They went in there. No Tyree Wilson this week for the Raiders by the way. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So they, so I like it. So FanDuel, we get to use this on our million dollar picks with fake money, but they have a double your winnings profit boost. We used it last week with the Lions money line, which was minus 1 98. And then we won and we won $204,000.


Yeah, yeah. We basically, we won our money back. And then a little bit more on that. So we have that one to play just quickly going through the stay aways. Lions, bucks, lions are another teases candidate. I wanna see the Bucks for another week. 'cause I, they, they had a little, nobody believes in us last week and I know they're banged up in the secondary and I I get it. Yeah. I have them in. I kind of wanna see them. It's a tease and they're very comfortable playing in Detroit. We've already seen it. All right, I get it. Jets Titans is a complete stay away from me. Stay away. Jets three and a half Seahawks pats. I just wanna see the pats again. Yeah, for sure. I actually, I went from, I had three different futures going against the Pats to kind of liking their underdog money line in in week two.


But I, I think it's stay away Cowboys saints. I get it. I just don't trust the Cowboys. Why? I think the Saints, I just don't, I I I just don't trust them. You're what you, me because you killed Cleveland. What I I had them under all spring and all summer. I did not believe in them. I didn't think they'd be a playoff team and I'm not gonna overreact 'cause they'd beat Dehaun Watson. Well it's not an overreaction. The number is exactly where the, the look ahead was six. I get it. And now it's six and a half. I'm saying I'm, I'm not overreacting to what I saw last week. I still don't believe in the Dallas team. I don't wanna put money in them. Okay. you can put it, that's your, you put your money in them. I will, I will. It might be my best bet on Wise Guys on Sunday what it might be. Are we still doing that show after everyone lost their wise guy?


Best bet. Did anyone win? Did you win? I did not win my, oh, I of course I lost, lost my half weight. You. No I didn't. I had Pittsburgh on the money line, so that was win. I was plus for the week. 'cause I hit Pittsburgh on the money line. Is did Raheem retire after he had Caroline as his best bet in week one or No, he's gonna come back. Every smart guy on earth with all summer long touting Carolina. Oh, they added these weapons on offense and their regression with second year quarterbacks. Nobody could explain how trading their very best defensive players was going to help them win win football games. They, they, how about not having a first round pick? That always helps too. They'll have one this not happy one. They'll have one this coming year. Yeah, though it's gonna be coming probably number 1 49 ERs at Vikings.


I'm staying away. I I don't know why but Minnesota, I don't, well I don't know what, what's going on with Sam Donald, but I wanna watch another week. Minnesota did beat San Francisco last year. And then the last one, Washington Giants. I have a new category called the both of these teams can fuck off. I just want no goodness. The fo yes, both of these teams can fuck up. It's the fo line. We should come up with a name for that. I'm not gonna feel stupid if somebody, if the team that I pick in our ppo, the other team wins like, oh, I should have known. There's no, I should have known with Giants. This is a thousand percent a teaser leg for me. I mean Dan, the only team that Danny Dimes has any success whatsoever against is, is Washington.


He's terrible. Washington terrible. He's five, one and one against Washington with 1500 passing yards. Don't tease the Giants. 10 touchdowns, three picks. All he does is torture wa Washington and, and the Giants have a good pass rush. So I'm, I'm concerned for my guy, my guy jd. So we're bumping Cardinals. It looks like we have four, four games, which we disagree. We don't even do we even have an argue pick? I guess we pick you can double as the argue pick. Well, I'm just telling you, for a million dollar picks, we're doing the Steelers, the Jaguars, the Colts, and then we're doing that tease and we're doing chargers. So we got five bets. Steelers, Jaguars make make the Colts our argue pick.


So what that will double and I'll so we can double. If, if love plays, I'll let you, you know, back off of it. We won't call it the argue pick. You know what, I'm not afraid of him in his MCO. He, he shouldn't play. But even, even if he plays, once again, I did win the Argue Pick last week charger his readers. When you back Antonio Pierce, great job. He Antonio Pierce, he punted from the 40 yard line right in your face. Yeah, I loved it. Down to the, down to the eight. And then he promptly his vaunted defense. This, this brilliant defensive guru let the chargers run right down their epping throat on a 92 yard drive. Congratulations Antonio. Way to go. I was just excited to watch somebody punt from the 40 yard line.


I know we hadn't seen that since like we were in college. Do you think that every stadium that he goes to, he is going and grabbing a little bit of turf so that it can go into his memento case? 'cause he, this is it. This is, this is a, he is a one and done and he'll be lucky if he gets all the way through. 17. Listen, we're already looking at him. If we have to replace Raheem, if Raheem does a Carolina best bet this week. I don't think you're or j if JJ just keeps taking the dolphins, maybe he could. Host Wise guy. I don't know. JJ does love the Dolphins tonight. Well, we're taping this before the Dolphins game. Okay. The million dollar picks for week two we're up $364,000 in it should have been more.


But the Jets and Big Shop Bob so would not cooperate. We have a little disagreeance on these pics, but we're gonna plow ahead anyway. You're gonna be happy that we took the Steelers minus two and a half in Denver against Bo. Next. This is a straight Hey Steelers defense, just take us home. That's it. Boston Fields, just don't throw the ball over the middle. Run around a little, throw the fryer moves, throw deep down the sidelines to pick against twice and then let your defense do the rest. My job is just to be a consigliere to give you the other side and considerations. We're putting $200,000 on that. Hopefully Justin Fields does not screw it up for us. Next game.


Jaguars minus three at home for the Browns. I this, this is a personal one for me. I still believe in the Jaguars. They didn't throw me off their scent. Okay, no Nku for Cleveland. Banged up offensive line for Cleveland. Cleveland on the road. And most important, this might be Deshaun Watson's last start ever. And I wanna have money against him. One last time I, I'm really looking forward to it. Not arguing out you out of it i's the think Jackson's D might be Jacksonville's D might be legit good Jaguar's minus three maybe it'll be a push whatever, 200,000 on that. Here we go. Our argue pick as well. I'm one Oh on the Argue pick Colt's minus three Packers. I overruled House.


House was trying to convince me not to bet against Malik Willis. And we had an argument about it and I won the argument because we're betting against Malik Willis that I just, this feels like Christmas in mid-September. I understand. I just want urge caution. It's Malik Willis. I'm just urging caution. That's all. I'm gonna text you with the whole game as he's throwing the ball. It's, it's hitting guys in the face mask. He's throwing it to the other team. you can gonna be fun just hitting the guy holding the first down chain. All kidding aside, here's a preview of Wise guys. Whatever the pass attempt total is for Malik Willis, it's an auto bet under, okay? There is no auto bet under whatever the number of pass attempts that the books have put out there for Malik Willis.


Under, under, under the floor won't tolerate it. Can we bet that? Oh you definitely can. you can definitely. Is that, is that a bet we could do right now? Now, now you got, now we screwed up million dollar picks. I don't see that on the, I'm sure they'll have that this weekend now they'll have it this weekend. They don't put those up until over the weekend. I'm Good point. Good point, good point.


Speaking of FanDuel FanDuel is still doing their double your winnings bet where whatever the money line on the bet, they'll double it with their little profit Boost token. We did this last week, we went on the lines money line. We're gonna do it again this week. We're gonna bet 200 K on, oh is it 200? Maybe We should bet one 50. The Chargers first half Chargers game is minus one 30. Yeah. Yeah. So we're gonna bet 130,000 on that and if it wins, fan's gonna double our money and we'll win $200,000 back. Chargers win the first half Chargers, win the game. Did some research on the Panthers. I think they only won the first half last year, three times in 2020 23. They did not win the first half this week as well in Jim Harbaugh. We trust, I'm gonna try Jim Harb look the part that her in Buffalo, we trust Herbert looks terrible. Yeah, chargers D look great. They're gonna run the ball and, and I'm not afraid of Bryce Young. Last but not least a teaser. Ravens minus eight and a half against Vegas. The Eagles on Monday night minus six and a half against the statue of Kirk Cousins. The Texans who I think we both believe in minus six and a half against Chicago. We're gonna bring all those lines down by six points. That is plus one 40 on FanDuel. Lamar is 32 and 11 at home. Vegas has four road winds in 2022 and 2023 in this year. They haven't played on the road yet. Raiders D gave up 176 yards rushing last week. Ravens just run it down their throats. Just run it. I don't need to make the case to Bett against the statue. Kirk Cousins. And then we both believe in this Houston team. We do. We're gonna put a special 200 K on that plus one 40. Let's go. I love that one. You know I do. And those are the million dollar picks for week two.


You can see House this weekend on The Ringer Sunday pregame show. Your audio actually worked. Oh, it's a miracle. We got a new mic. You know, we're making, we're learning along the way here. It's a great show. I thoroughly enjoyed it. It's on YouTube tv. So happy it's on FanDuel, on their on their channel. But when you go to YouTube TV at 11 o'clock eastern time, there it is. I'm not coming on this week, but I, I think that young whipper Snapper, the Buno is gonna come in for the last 20 minutes to fill my spot. Yeah, the white ad. So those are the million dollar picks. That's our segment house. I hope you're back in week three and I hope I win our argue Pick. See you on Sunday on YouTube tv. Can't Wait. Must be 21 Plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem, call 100 gambler. Visit rg-help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or text Hope and Y in New York.