
This episode is brought to you by Amazon Prime. Ever finish a movie and the next thing you know, you're totally obsessed. Like I'm talking about ordering a book about seventies film, letting or buying the soundtrack on vinyl, kind of obsessed, whatever it is, prime helps you get more outta whatever passions you're into or getting into. Head to amazon.com/prime and follow your obsession wherever it goes.


The Bill Simmons Podcast is brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network where I made pop culture appearances on two of our podcasts. One was the re watchable. Me and Kyle Brandt broke down out for justice with Steven Egal. It was the most fun I think we've had for any of the four Steven Segal movies. We've had this, this was great. Producer Craig was great, everybody was great. Really fun episode. You can watch it on The Ringer Movies YouTube channel as well as you can watch as a video podcast on Spotify. Listen to it wherever you hear your podcast. That was one. I was also on the Prestige TV podcast because Joanna Robinson and I both watched The Better Sister with Jessica Beal and Elizabeth Banks A murder Mystery. I kind of liked it, had some thoughts, had some critiques, had some nitpicks.


We broke all of it down. You can find on the Prestige TV podcast, which is also on the Ringer Dash tv YouTube channel.


Hey, you know how I've been working with FanDuel? We've been doing Tailor Fade, doing it usually either Wednesday or Thursday. We won last week. Basically I pick a player prop. You decide whether you wanna tail me and back the pick or fade me and go against it. Either way, if you win, you get a 50% profit boost token that you get to put toward it. It's super easy. The bet's on the app. All you have to do is apply the Taylor Fade and you can decide whether you wanna go against me or not. I was psyched that we created a brand new bet for FanDuel. I like being on, yeah, I felt like the Neil Armstrong of, of this kind of bet. Anyway, check out Sportsbook. Usually these are gonna be Wednesday or Thursday, so I think game three of the of the finals is a Wednesday, so that'll probably be the next one. You can, you can tell me, you can fade me. Whatever you wanna do. I like when you ride me. I think for karma purposes it's great. So Check that out on FanDuel Sportsbook.


Coming up on this podcast, I'm gonna talk about the Knicks at the very top because right after we recorded most of this podcast, they got rid of their coach, Tom Thib, who we had been talking. We'd been talking about that possibility on this podcast since April. So, bunch of things that I found interesting, I'm gonna talk about that on the top. And then Pablo Tori is coming in after that. We're in a huge beef, just we had to be security guards on both sides, really making sure that it was like in UFC when the two guys are coming in on the way in and they both have their teams. Just make sure we don't start fighting now. It's fine. I've known Pablo for a long time. I'll explain at the very top of when he comes on, why he came on the podcast. But I had a great time and it was fun to have him on.


I appreciate that he came down. So that is the podcast for today. We're gonna take a break. We're gonna bring in Pearl Jam. And then my thoughts on the Knicks.


This episode is presented by State Farm. It's no secret that great teams need great teammates. I've been saying this for years. And when it comes to Insurance State Farm is there to help you find the right coverage for your home car and More. Whether you need an in-person or a digital assist, they're ready when life hits you with a full court press, get a game plan that helps fit your life. Talk to State Farm today. State Farm with the assist coverage Options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state.


Alright, I'm recording the top part of the podcast here. It's about two o'clock Pacific Time. The Knicks relieved Tom Thito of his duties as head coach. A couple hours ago I was gonna have a guest, but you know, honestly there's a bunch of stuff I wanna hit. I feel like I can do it in 15 minutes and we're just gonna go for it. I wasn't surprised. Zach Lowe came on this podcast in April. We did all of our, we did a a most intriguing playoff people draft and we got to the hot seat category and this was, I think, Zach's first appearance back on my podcast. And we had a hot seat category and he had a, I forget who he had and then I had a T and acted like it's like cold body.


It was like he got electroshock and I was like, look, I think there's a chance. You know, I don't, I don't know if it's going great. And you know, if they lose to the Celtics in five or you know, the first rounds Rocky, whatever happens, I, I think this is in play. And there were, there were reasons I thought that there was stuff that I heard. There was stuff percolating around. But then they beat Detroit in six, they beat Boston in six and you know, Tatum goes down at the end of game four, they're about to win game four, they're gonna take a three one lead against a 60 plus win team. And then they take Indiana to six and they were one of the four teams left. Basketball's reignited in New York. And the question is, well then why would you fire your coach?


Well, I think there's 1, 2, 3, I'm gonna give you five reasons. I'm gonna give you a couple conspiracy theories as well just, just for the hell of it. Five reasons tips got fired. Number one, this is an admission that they actually weren't as close to winning the title as maybe you think you were. If you were one of the final four teams left. And there's previous examples of this, right, the Warriors in the March Jackson year before they hired Steve Kerr where there was a feeling like Mark Jackson took us from here to here and now we need somebody to take us from here to here. I talked about this on my podcast on Sunday with Van and Marillo, the better example and one that I think is weirdly applicable in a bunch of different ways here is the 2003 Pistons who moved on from Rick Carlisle.


They hired Larry Brown and people were really surprised 'cause Rick Carlisle had done a good job with Detroit. He is a good coach and as we've seen, won a title in 2011. He's in the finals this year. I ironically beat the Knicks. But the, the question was, did Carlisle take this roster as far as it it could go? And on top of it, could Larry Brown bring us up an even further level? Well, a guy who was intimately involved with that Pistons team behind the scenes back when he was very shadowy and nobody really understood what he did or what his role was, was worldwide West William Wesley. He was a confidant. He is a big Larry Brown guy. He was behind the scenes with those Pistons guys in all these different ways.


Still close to a lot of them. I'm not saying he was responsible for the decision, I'm just saying he was there watching the effect of it. And I find it hard to believe that him and Leon Rose, who run the Knicks team right now, weren't thinking about that specific example when they were thinking, did tips take us as high as we could possibly go? Is there another level for us to go and what has to happen to get there? Did we max out with tips? And the case would be season played the starters too much trailed by 10 plus all the time in the three playoffs series, as we talked about on my podcast on Sunday. Thibs this at some point you are who you are. And if you're down 10, 12, 15 in 75% of the playoff games you're playing, that's a really bad sign that you have to always constantly claw your way back.


And then you gotta think about circumstances too. You're gifted a, a Cleveland collapse. Cleveland has home court throughout the playoffs and they won 64 games and Indiana just thump some. You're gifted Boston's inexplicable collapse in game one and game two, which I may or may not look at the box scores once every two days. The Celtics in the third quarter with a huge lead of game one took 20 shots and 19 of them were threes. And you, you just think back to some of the decisions Boston made offensively in that series, how slow they played, how many threes they took, how they didn't use some of the Knicks weaknesses against them, didn't push the pace, didn't constantly hunt, Brunson and towns.


And those two games are just two of the worst losses combined as a loss in the history of Boston's franchise. And it's gonna be a a long time before you get over it. And that's before you get into what happens to Tatum at game four. But just how they played those first two games was such a gift to the Knicks who then went and grabbed it. 'cause they're a tough team and they have a lot of talented players. You also lose out on Milwaukee and Philly Orlando gets hurt, all that stuff. So a lot of things broke in New York's favor and yet I don't think they would've come anywhere close to beating Oklahoma City, right? So the, the line for that finals is, I think it's minus 700 right now with Indiana. I think, I think it would've been higher if it was the Knicks.


So at some point you have to have an honest assessment. Are we trying to be good every year? Are we trying to win the title and could we win the title with what we just watched with the coach we have with the way the players responded to 'em And they obviously looked at it and said we can't. So that's one second reason I think Tibs, who I really like as a coach for the most part, and I appreciate how much he cares. And you could feel with some of the reactions today, the press was really shocked and, and in a lot of cases upset that it played out this way. He's an all in all the time basketball maniac, like a real obsessive. And he lasted in the Knicks for five years in employer's league, which we'll get to in a second.


Why that's an important number. Didn't really listen to anybody on lineups. Just played his guys as much as possible. There was real dissension that you could feel from March on the Bridges. Stuff was always weird with Mikel Bridges and him talking openly about playing too many minutes and then, oh, we hashed it out behind the scenes. That was never a good sign. And then you could see as he started to kind of change stuff, changed his defense in the Boston series, which were started to experimenting with these big lineups in the third, in the third round against Indiana because he realized his players couldn't play seven guys against the pace that you could do against w with how Indiana wants you to play.


And then all of a sudden shame it's out there and the Lawn Wright and guys that really should have been playing all year. And it's just, when you start changing stuff that drastically in the end of May, that's a sign like maybe you didn't use the regular season to your benefit correctly. And I, I think that's just undeniable. We were saying, we were talking about this on this podcast all the time, like didn't understand the rotations, didn't understand the minutes, didn't understand why there was any, no desire to develop a bench at all. See of that, I don't think that helped him once they finally flamed out against Indiana. Here's the third reason he was there five years, which doesn't seem like a long time. Well you've heard about the 10 years of the, of the remaining coaches, the longest running coaches in the NBA right now, 2008, Eric SRA 14, Steve Kerr, 2020 Billy Donovan at at Chicago 2020 Tyron Li for the Clippers and then Mark dau in OKC 2020.


So three of our five longest coaches showed up in the NBA on those teams five years ago. And all right, so what is that? Are owners impatient? This is the league now. The players run the league, the players run the league more than ever. The money is so high and so crazy. The turnover and the musical chairs of somebody's unhappy with their situation, their teammates, their coach, they're complaining they have more power than they've ever had. And it's just a fact. Like this is the dark side of player empowerment. You have guys making crazy amounts of money who if they don't really like their coach, guess who's not gonna win that battle? The coach, we, the the, the real eye-opening one for this was Brad Stevens in Boston because that last Celtics year, he had the team basically packed it in on him and, and really seemed like they, they just were starting to tune him out and he wasn't reaching them in the same way.


And Brad Stevens was an incredible coach. He only had a seven year run for the Celtics. Think about that. So the run is usually five to seven years unless you end up with a Ulster situation. And by the way, SP didn't have a great year this year either Steve Kerr, I think Dagal will be at OKC for a long, long time. Other than that, you know, we're gonna hit a point where Doc Rivers is like the seventh most tenured NBA coach. And I think he got to Milwaukee five minutes ago. I just think this is the league now. I think that there's too many outlets for guys to push unhappy buttons. The league is hyper covered. Every sort of interaction on the bench, every quote that comes out of any sort of press conference, it's just, there's just a big spotlight on anything.


And once there's any unhappiness at all, you could feel it blow up. And I just think it's, it's really hard. The Nicks didn't seem that happy. It lasts four months, I would say. And I thought we talked about this on Sunday. It was so interesting that they lost game six and the athletic immediately had this long, long as Brian Curtis would call it. But now they tell us piece, which seemed like it was just in their archives for four days waiting to get published and it had a lot of stuff. And the two big losers in that piece were towns and thibodaux as we talked about on the podcast on Sunday. So there was clearly a lot of smoke here and some fire. And that's why I wasn't surprised. I, it's why I met first mentioned in April.


That's why I mentioned on Sunday's pot. I thought it was 45, 55 that he stayed and, and now he's gone. But there's two other dynamics that I think are really important for this. Mikhail Bridges, he makes $24.9 million next year. They traded five first round picks for, he can leave and sign him with another team 12 months, 12 and a half months from now. Basically 12, 13 months from now. July 1st, 2026. If they don't sign him to an extension, they traded the five first round picks for him. They got the Villanova connection together. He's the one that we're pretty positive. Wasn't that happy this season. Talked about the minutes was just an afterthought offensively.


They were all like begrudgingly get him involved. I thought he had moments in the playoffs but also had moments where he disappeared. I can't say they ran a lot of offense for him. I thought he was a better offensive player than they used him. And then you saw the way he was harassing Halbert and especially in game five, maybe they should have used him a little more like that. But there, there was a lot of times where he just felt like the odd man out. He felt like the, the drummer in the rock band or the second guitarist. And listen, this is a league where players butter each other up, players text each other, you should come here, people wink wink all the time. Agents have off the record conversations with people they should be having.


And the moment other people feel like, eh, that guy might be a little unhappy. You just, you kind of have to monitor it. And he's in a situation where I think he's the ideal third piece for San Antonio, right? A team like that. And San Antonio is gonna have some flexibility and they have a bunch of picks and it's a team like that that can start batting their eyelashes at, at Bridges in a different way. And for the Knicks that matters because if he doesn't sign an extension this summer and bets on himself now you're potentially screwed. And I think they have to extend him this summer period. They have to keep these five guys together or these four guys and the town's asset, whether they trade it or keep it, they have to keep that nucleus together.


And he's a huge piece of this. So if you sign him to an extension, it still helps you this year going forward. You know how much money you have and he likes playing with these guys. And obviously I I I just refuse to believe that wasn't a piece of this. I'm not saying he demanded they fired the coach, but you can tell if somebody's all in on their, on their coach or not just as a, as a unit, as a player or whatever. And this gives them a better chance to figure out this bridges thing. Which brings me into the fifth piece. The extra dynamics. I, I think one of the things I was, I don't wanna say under-reported about the Knicks 'cause people do about it, but there's kind of quietly a lot of people in the kitchen and I'm not gonna say there's a lot of chefs in the kitchen, right?


There's Leon and, and Wes built this team and they worked for Dolan who's the owner who I think really loved the Knicks renaissance. There's been reports about him handpicking where every single celebrity and everybody sat courtside every game. And I think he really was re-engaged, especially when you think like from 2022 or 2002 all the way to maybe 2021. Wasn't it fun 20 years to own the Knicks and be named James Dolan. So you know, he's in there, he's got his buddies in there, he is typical rich guy owner. So you're worried about him if Jalen Brunson's dad is an assistant coach, Rick Brunson and tapes can say all that he wants about No, no, it was great to have Jaylen's dad there.


Was it, was it awesome to coach Jaylenn Brunson but also have his dad be your assistant? We see so many times in the NFL and NBA specifically when you have people coaching staff and then somebody leaves and somebody gets the job and then you hear afterwards like, oh man, that that wasn't great and that person shanked this person. I'm not saying, I'm not saying Rick Brunson shanked anybody, I'm just saying that's a weird dynamic when you then add Carl Anthony Towns comes in, his dad is super involved, right? You have the Villanova guys as a group. These guys have all this history together, right? Jaylen, Josh Hart bridges.


So you have all these different little factions, you have family members, you have people that have real connections to Wes and Leon like Rick Brunson who's one of Wes' oldest friends, he's got tentacles going everywhere and Thibs is throwing the same and the same way on the boat with a lot of these people. But then once that starts to shift, that gets a little dicey, right? And the Knicks again are locked into these five guys. Once they do that towns trade for Randall and Vincenzo and they break up those contracts and they break up the flexibility. Man we trade them. Now they're in the towns business, now they have to figure out how are we gonna have a team built around five guys, two of whom are the really smart teams are gonna attack constantly see that as well.


And then I just don't think that was great. And I think they did a nice job of pretending that everything was hunky dory but obviously not. 'cause Tibs just came within two wins of the finals, it got fired. So there was some real stuff going on here. There's some conspiracy stuff too. Again, I'm taping this, it's two 15, it might've already be a motion now, but Johnny Bryant who I think is an assistant now some people like there he may, he was named one of the two finalists for the Sun's job that happened five hours later, Thibs got fired. I'm just flagging it. There's a J Wright possibility that I think I floated on my Sunday podcast. The old Villanova coach, does he wanna coach again? I dunno Mike Malone's sitting there, but the Johnny Bryant one, I think that's the one I'm, I would probably shove the chips toward that bet.


Whether that's a good idea, I have no idea. But if you're trying to get everyone on the boat rowing one way and you are worried you're gonna lose them in the suns, maybe the the deeper conspiracy stuff is they're about to trade towns for kd and KD doesn't wanna play for tips. Again, don't aggregate that. Do not aggregate that. I'm just saying it's if you're trying to figure out why would they fire a coach when they're two wins away from the finals if they think they have a move coming, did Katie wanna play for a certain coach? Did Giannis wanna play for a certain coach? I have no idea. Do not aggregate it. Just pointing out like maybe a month from now that part will make way more sense.


Like, oh of course, because this guy was coming in and he wanted this guy. That's how the league works. Unfortunately my guess would be Johnny Bryant. But in general like tips lasted five years. There were real cracks there in It lasts year that you could feel and you could hear when you talk to different people and, and I think this is a complicated team coach because you have Brunson who took less money to stay with the team, at least for two years, whose dad is one of the assistants who I promise you he's not going anywhere. You have this huge towns contract that's got four years left after this, after the season that just ended, that ends with 61 million.


Do you keep that? How many teams would even want it with the second apron stuff, you have all the second apron stuff, looming repeater tax stuff and you don't really have a ton of ways to make this roster better except for some, some of the lower mid-level exemption stuff and whether potentially they would wanna trade Mitchell Robinson, which I would not do and could they be a Giannis team. Anyway, there's a lot going on here, but this is the NBA in 2025. You can coach a team to a four seed, you can win 10 playoff games. You can look back at an Indiana series and go, holy shit, if we hadn't blown game one, we'd be in the finals right now. Which I think is a fair thing for the Knicks to think.


And you could still lose your job. And I have a ton of Knick fans in my life and they're pretty split on this. I have some people in my life who are like, thank fucking God, this is Mark Jackson, Larry Brown all over again. Thank God they did this. And then I have some other people in my life who are like, this seems super dysfunctional and every the Knicks, we love that team. Two years ago and since then they've traded for Carl Anthony Townsend, they fired tibs. So in the span of 13 months we went from, we love this team to what are we doing? We'll see where it goes. But the most important thing is the Knicks are relevant again, not only are they relevant as a team that wins games and has really good players, including one of the best 10 players in the league, but they're making news and it's not news.


Like this terrible thing happened. They did a stupid trade. Oh my god, why'd they do this? Although I guess why you fire your coaches are why'd they do this? But you know what I mean, the Knicks are relevant in a different way. And there's a moment here and the best case scenario is this is oh three Larry Brown in the Pistons. So one other thing I wanted to say for the finals before we take a break, because I wanted to make a finals pick really quick and I really wanted to do OKC in a sweep. Even though I, as you know, I respect Indiana end. I've been picking them every round or picking them as a possible upset or saying Pacers and six are the best bets, et cetera, et cetera. I think KC is an absolute freaking juggernaut to have a chance to go 84 and 18 or 84 and 19.


You were in a list of six 17 in the history of the league. They have a chance to have one of the best seasons ever. I don't think any of us would say that's one of the greatest teams ever. There's a performance slash in their prime slash they don't have one of the best seven, eight to nine porters of all time at the absolute peak of their powers piece that they don't have. They might have it two years from now. But this is a truly great team. And I, I broke down on, on this pod a few days ago about all the, the way they're just torching people at home in the playoffs. They're eight and won in the playoffs. The one loss was by two points and the other eight wins were like by 233 points.


So they just kill teams. And I really wanted to pick a final sweep because I thought everyone's gonna pick KC in five. Can I zag? Is there a smart zag? Actually? But man, you go through the history of final sweeps. There's been nine and 78 years. Let's start there. So you're batting about 11%. I wasn't good at percentages. Last one, 2018, gold stayed over Cleveland. Think about that series. Cleveland should have won, Cleveland could have won. LeBron played the best game I've ever seen him play. They squander that one and then end up losing in four.


But that first game was pretty close. Like to sweep somebody in the finals, you have to be so much better than them. 2007 San Antonio over Cleveland's a good example. LeBron drags Cleveland of the finals. The team sucks. San Antonio's last really great Spurs year of Duncan's Prime. They kill him O2 Lakers over the nets, which we, that was It Lasts gasp of that. Awesome, awesome Shaq, Kobe Run. They had just snuck by Sacramento. There was some buzz with with Jersey that maybe watch out Jason Kidd. And then the, the Lakers just killed him. Houston over Orlando, which was an upset. Houston wasn't even favorite in this series.


But that was yet another, it was like the JR Smith game, A fluky moment of Nick Anderson missing four free throws in a row and swinging the karma of that series in a way that I've almost never seen anything like that. You don't, you really have to compare it. It was like the, that first Indiana New York game from a, that was so amazing that I actually think the series just swung. So anyway, they ended up sweeping the Pistons, killed the Lakers in 89. And that was a, we have arrived as the new champs. The Lakers were on their last legs in a lot of ways. They had some injuries. I don't think that necessarily should have been a sw a sweep. 83 of the Sixers killed the Lakers and then pre-merger Warriors killed the bullets.


The bucks killed, I think the bullets And then the Celtics, that was in 1971. Warriors were 75. And then the Celtics, their one sweep during the Russell era was 1959 against Minnesota in all of those cases, pretty great teams. See that piece, 18 series have ended four in one. And then if you're talking about like biggest odds and how it played out just this century, teams that were favored by minus 400 or more Denver minus four 30 in 2023, they went in five. Golden State was almost 1100 in 18. They swept San Antonio's minus four 50 and oh seven swept Lakers were 7 0 1 favorites against the Pistons in oh four and lost the series four to one.


The Lakers were minus seven 50 against the Nets and they swept minus 2000 in 2001 against the Sixers. They lost the overtime game, won the rest they, and so that was four one and then four two against Indiana, which was a dumb line. LA was minus 800 in 2000. I think four to one is the move. I hate doing it. It feels very bandwagoning. It's plus one 90 I think on FanDuel. I think it's the move. I think Indiana gets one of these games and maybe even on the road, but they're gonna play zone. They're gonna push the pace. They're gonna do that thing that they love to do where they, they play with such a fast pace.


You get caught up in it. Like we could play this too. And now you're on a track meet with them. But I think big picture, this is just, just such an awful matchup for them because their best thing is their guards and the ball handling goal and OKC, that's their best thing is basically making life miserable for guards. That's the number one thing. That's how they killed Minnesota with Mike Conley. That's why they struggled a little bit against Denver because Yoic basically became the guard. But just in general, this is like OKC does everything. Indiana does way better. And this for Indie to win even more than one game, they would have to have win one of the first to have a game three or game four. 'cause OKC is a little more vulnerable in the road 'cause they're young.


We saw that in the Minnesota series. The Denver series, even in Memphis when they fell behind by 20 plus. So I think, I think OKC takes one kind of haymaker from Indie in the first two games, maybe fights it off, kills them in the other game. Like kills. They'll win one of the first two games by like 28, then game three maybe that's the one. Indie gets come out. Indiana's going nuts. OK C's feeling it a little bit. Andy's playing with crazy pace. Then OKC figures it out and they win in five. So I'm gonna say OKC in five and it's boring. But that's my official 2025 finals pick.


I'll be rooting for Indiana 'cause I want this to be a long series. Anyway, we're gonna take a break and come back with Pablo. Tori,


this episode is brought to you by vrbo, private Vacation Rentals, vrbo. You can save over $200 on select homes when you stay for a week or more. Say if you wanted to go catch a couple baseball games in Boston, take some time off work flying to Beantown, watch the socks play after that. You can do anything. You can go book a VRBO in Cape Cod for a week. The world is your oyster or your lobster roll or clam trotter. Really? It has shells, gills in it's indigenous to the Atlantic. It's your edible metaphor of choice. The crustacean crazy around there. Guess what? Since you stayed longer than a week, you saved over $200. You know what that means? More shellfish. I love shellfish. Hope you're not allergic. Next vacation. Stay longer and save. Make it a vrbo.


All right, we're taping this Tuesday morning. Pablo Torre is here. We're beefing. Yeah. Big Beef. What camera can I look into just to stress how angry I am? It's Such a beef. Hello. We know a lot of the same people. We have a lot of mutual friends. We have a disagreement about this Belichick thing and I thought it would be fun just to argue about it. Yeah, embrace debate. Like old school, 2010, espn, Jamie Horowitz. Oh my God. Yeah, we can do, we can do PTI from hell and make Tony Kornheiser disappointed in both of us. I do wanna stress a thank you for having me in your lovely studio. No, this Is, yeah, brand new. We got Sly. We got Swayze. Yeah, I wish I could say that I flew here for this specifically.


If people are wondering why I'm in la I was here for other things, other fancy highfalutin things. You were here For an award show. I was here for the Peabody. And so when I was alerted to the beef that I had yet to engage in From a podcast, that was six days ago. That's right. That nobody said anything. That's right. I, not a great investigation by my part. Yeah. Just to figure out when and where this was said. But I was there like pathetically, like looking at my phone as very serious. Journalism was honored and I was like totally distracted. Ah. So fuck you for that. Yeah, I'm sorry. You know, ruining, I'm sorry. Crowning pea buddies. The crowning journalistic nomination of my life while being questioned for being a real journalist, which is what bothered me.


So let's Talk about that Me Bill. I know, but let's talk about that. Sure. Because I didn't feel like I was doing that. I was, I felt like I was questioning, is this the table? This Is the table by the way, where Chris and Van were like, bill, This is the table, this is the test. Which it's like, it's funny. Wow. We brought it to the scene of the crime. I was questioning the story more than the journalism. But I think that was, I think that was probably my disconnect with it, was you were doing real journalism. That's the point of your show. My thing was I thought it was stupid. Which part? Well, just like Belichick, like ultimately he is a guy in his mid seventies, I guess he's never coaching in the NFL again at this point. He's dating this 24-year-old and I, it kind of feels like he's lost those steering wheel a little bit.


Well you said a number of things that I think are very interesting. Right? And which is kind of why I've devoted a disturbing percentage of my life, admittedly to this like Jordan Hudson. This is a sentence that I, I'm not proud of saying either. But Jordan Hudson tweeted or retweeted about me saying, I need a hobby, a new hobby. She's not wrong. So you's not wrong. So it was pretty polarizing. Even within your circle. It's like, why do you care about this so much On the episodes we did, we've done two of them in a docus style, you know, way in which I basically unboxed journalism for friends. They made fun of me. So this whole thing of like, I, of course I'm here to acknowledge the absurdity of guy who won an Edward r Murrow award for an episode about trans athletes.


Also being the guy who has like this, you know, I'm the reason I am like a dog with a bone on this. Speaks to some of the, some of the things you just said. Yeah. And you ki one of the things that I found baffling Yeah. Was that you just depersonalized Bill Belichick into a guy in his seventies. I'm like, bill you more than anyone else know why Bill Belichick is fascinating. Right? And why the archetype of him who was the paragon of discipline, privacy, do your job. Defensive strategy, public relations mastery. The guy had in his office at Gillette Sun Zoo, the art of war. You know, the war, the battle is won or lost before it even begins.


Right? And so just him as this unique archetype in American life, not just sports, but American life that you personally, of course have a deep understanding of Six Super Bowls. I'm told he's the greatest coach of all time. I think he is. Well in that case, we should consider him significant enough to fact check. Certainly interrogate when it comes to why is he acting the opposite from the way that Bill Simmons remembers him? Well, I think the thing for me is it felt like you did the podcast for whatever reason, and it's a dope thing. But I'm the same person who just did a re watchable episode about Alfred Justice with Steven Ciga. I was gonna say, you did criticize me on a Heaven Can Wait Centric. I did watchable a movie that came out in 1978.


That's right. So, and also like when I was doing my mailbag once Upon a time when we talked yesterday, it's like, yeah, I used to obsess over a bunch of dumb shit and try to answer questions like this. Well used To, Well maybe still do. We Both take stupid things seriously. I, but I guess the, the difference here is I felt like you were then dining on it and doing a bunch of things. And that the media tour was what bugged me more, which I'm happy to discuss. So I have questions for you. One of the questions I have, because now, Now I guess I'm part of the media tour. I was gonna say, which camera can I break the fourth wall into? Oh Jesus. Why did it bother you? The media tour quote, media tour. And I can explain what that was, even from my perspective. Of course.


Okay. Because I think if you're gonna do a story like this, to me there's a, there's kind of a fun element, right? This is like an Anna Nicole Smith. What was that guy's name? If one of your Producers can yell the name of an older man in the wheelchair who looked infirm and Yeah, it Seemed like you were so serious about it. I was like, why is he treating this like Watergate? Ultimately? Who fucking cares that this guy is dating somebody who's 50 years younger than him who wants to be on his work emails? Is this actually an important story or is this just a fun story to get clicks? I feel like You, that was my issue. Is that fair? You are not alone in that. Yeah. More than, more than fair. It's, I would say a popular perception of what it is that I've done.


If you only consume it via the aggregated cl, and this is now where I sound like you Yeah. I'm bothered by the aggregation insofar as it did not lead people towards the story, which was exhaustively reported. Right. Sending 11 sources in which we are In fact laughing at the story and ourselves insofar as of course part of what I do in taking stupid things seriously is apply real award-winning investigative journalism, but to stories that real people find fascinating. Yeah. And so the thing I'm bugged by with you, beyond the, You're still bugged Well beyond the credibility, but this Was like a beef squash. Well, we'll see by the end. We'll find out together if we We're gonna fine squashed. We're the thing that I am baffled by more than dogs.


I'm gonna have David Chang come in, throw some, Some, some, Throw some kimchi at you. He Has some knives. Some Knives. He's cooking in the back. He's gonna cook for us after this is done. Chang is very, is very, I'm sure bothered that the two of us are, are No he not only is he not bothered Oh, Bulgogi beefing Together. First of all, Chang loves conflict. Yeah, he does. He's He's a dark guy with a lot of dark things inside him. But he's also like, you guys should just do a potter. It'll be fun. But okay. So to, to torture the metaphor here, right. The recipe of why I actually wanted to do this. Yeah. It was important. It is important. So I'll just give you the, the very brief logline of this. Well Tell me the, what you think the most important thing is before you do the logline. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So you think this is important because you feel like this guy is losing his marbles, but he is also in charge of a North Carolina football program.


I think this is important. 'cause Bill Belichick himself is a significant figure. And he is the highest paid employee in the state of North Carolina. He makes $10 million a year in taxpayer money. And also might Might be making that money back for the school. Well, we shall see. But I think, Did you watch a lot of North Carolina football last year? But this, this speaks to actually the real reason why I'm interested Yeah. Is that this is not merely a wow, an age gap relationship story. 'cause frankly, this is not, my podcast is not a puritanical one in which I'm saying, Hmm. They should find someone more in their age range. That's not what it is at all. Right. You don't be in the moral authority. No, no, no, no. What this is though is to me a story in which one guy who we understood to be the actual archetype of one way of living life in America as a public figure.


Yeah. Deeply Private, do your job pr fuck the media. Yeah. Is now pivoting after he's thrown out of the NFL bill as you well remember. Right. And has to launch a half dozen media enterprises that he hands to a woman that yes, he met as we reported on a plane when she was, and this was not known until we reported 19 years old. And he says, you are gonna be my gateway into public life. And then the CBS thing happens, and that's when the floodgates open. So to me, there's a media story, there's a business story, there's a college sports story, there's a public money story. There's an NFL story. The question by the way Yeah.


Of why didn't the NFL want Bill Belichick, what we Reported. Well that's, well Please, I don't wanna filibuster the whole time, but like why? But that's, why do you think Bill Belichick wasn't brought back? He Ran his course and I think craft probably shit on him to the other owners. And the question of, if I bring in you own a team, it's a 5 billion, $6 billion business. You bring this guy in who thinks he's better than you, who doesn't want your opinion on anything. People just don't wanna do that. So what I have been reporting is that it's also, it's also the case that people did not trust who Bill Belichick wanted to bring into their building. And so this question, which you know of like, so You think that was the case a year ago, or What we report in the second episode is that, and I found, I mean this is, there's a thing on the website of New England Patriots Ette Stadium called a fan camp.


Okay. And we found Bill Belichick's seats, he has a row of seats right underneath the overhang near the 50 yard line. And they're his seats. And we found Jordan Hudson sitting there in November, 2021. So you could say, I trying to think what the record was that year. It wasn't Good This year after Mac Jones. It Wasn't good. And so what I've been hearing parallel to this is that Kim Newton season, I can't remember, we weren't, I defer to you on how she was, I'm trying to block out entire 2020s. Yeah. I don't think about 2020s. Yeah. And by the way, parallel to this is that I've also heard that by the end, bill Belichick wasn't exactly dialed in, in the way that even people on the Patriots wanted him to be.


Right. And I mean, from above and below. And so the question of, and this speaks to the larger question of Bill Belichick, the guy is a football genius Without question. Without question. Yeah. But his coaching tree. Right. Think about the branches on it. Yeah. Who does he got? Seriously? Who does he have? Well, he does a lot of his own shit. I think a lot of people have gotten jobs because of him. Exactly. Yeah. Exactly. But it worked. So I don't know what's the criticism, but this Is the story. Yeah. Is that Bill Belichick freed from the NFL in which he has been terrible and picking people around him to support him who could stand on their own two feet.


Yeah. And In fact, are these RA fish right. Attached to him and his business? So You don't like third place Miss Maine? Well, second runner up, I believe. Second runner up. That's what we say. That's what we say in the world of Tough Us. I was rooting for No, the betting markets. The betting markets were There odds. I I was, I was hoping that there would be a Bill Simmons Super Boost on Jordan Hudson. Like same game Parlay, same game parlay. Could it that hurt with what other words? Yeah, yeah, exactly. I would've tried that. But the question is, okay, this guy who teams already new to be bad at developing, supporting talent from a just managerial perspective, and let's just, I will name them so You don't have to. Right. Matt.


Patricia, right. Josh McDaniels. Well he's terrible. Yeah. Josh is overqualified offensive coordinator. Underqualified head coach. Your guy, Michael Lombardi. Yeah. I mean, he needed Raiders bill To get this job at Carolina to get a job of some Problems. Yeah. But that's just taking care of whatever. I mean, we, we know a lot of people that do That. No Question. Maybe even in the media, Maybe even, maybe even people that we both know or used to know and like. Right. Right. So no question. But the point is, when it comes to Bill Belichick now leaving the Patriots and being trusted with staffing a building teams didn't trust who was around him. And one of the people who was around him, I'm saying as early as November, 2021.


And certainly by the time of the ring camera. Yeah. Which was released in November, 2023. But happened to be taped because again, I took a stupid thing seriously and went to the Airbnb after summoning an army of geo guessers. You know what Geo guesser is like these guys. I didn't listen to that podcast. I Know. I don't think you listened to either podcast in full. Well, I'll say this. Can can we, can we just establish that? Well, first Of all, it's okay. It's okay. But I just want, I think the disconnect here is I didn't understand, part of the point of this podcast is you'll investigate something no matter how stupid it is. But also I will make the case as to why it's actually worth your time. You think this one wasn't stupid because of all these things. The case you're laying out with Belichick. My thing is, where's the line when you, when you deep dive something like this, where's the line where it's like, all right, I probably shouldn't do that.


Versus No, this is fair game. Like let's say Popovich, like Popovich has, I think a stroke right? In October, November. And then it's like, is he coming back? Is he not coming back? If you just dove into that, why aren't they telling us the truth about Greg Pop? You could have done good journalism about it, but is that a story you would wanna do? I would say no. And we haven't incidentally, right. Although there have been rumors that I think both. So I think this is an important distinction actually. And I thank, I thank you for letting me articulate what journalism even is anymore. Because you're right. Like the Columbia School of Journalism might not co-sign everything I'm doing from a just topic selection perspective. Right. But that's why I launched this independently, you know, like I wanted to pick the stories and investigate the stories and prove that these stories according to my own curiosity and journalism were worthwhile.


So Popovich, for instance, yeah, I, I don't think that, I don't think that private medical records for a sick man alone justify a deep dive, multi-part investigation. I would agree. But give every other ingredient that we've been talking about with the Bill Belichick story in there. And it's like, yeah, I wanna make a docus style treatment of something that legitimately, I think has connections to real stories that we've been covering without full knowledge Yeah. For years. And so a parallel one to this, by the way, and I'll, I'll bring it up because people have criticized me for it as well, is the question that was at the heart of the whole Stephen a LeBron beef. That was the, that was the other time I felt like, ah, So to me, Right.


I don't should, because to me that's about Kobe's widow and maybe decisions that she made at the funeral. And why are we talking about this? Well, I think to get to that impression, you gotta explain why it's plausible that that might be the takeaway from any understanding of this beef between Steve and a and LeBron. What really happened. And so to me, like what I like to do is 'cause Bill, I know that, you know lots of stuff You don't say into a microphone. Right. Me too. Well, you're doing the curious thing. And, and it's important for me to use this network of strange weirdos that I've gotten to know famous people and GMs and owners. And you do Know a lot of weirdos. I my Rolodex over, I mean, I started Sports Illustrator as a fact checker.


Yeah. I've collected since then through ES, ESP N and otherwise a bunch of people who for some reason trust me. And what I want to do is take these nuggets that you both, you and I both find fascinating. Yeah. And turn it into reporting in so far as I can actually report them out. And so the LeBron thing, LeBron not being at Kobe Bryant's memorial, right. On paper in isolation as an aggregated headline is so beyond the pale. Right? Like it's bad taste. Anybody can mourn how they wish and all of that is true. Right. On some level in isolation. That's true. But to me, the story was, wait a minute, how is it that the most public celebration of a man's life at Staples Center Live?


Beyonce, Jimmy Kimmel. Right. Every celebrity, every, it was a royal, it was a state funeral. And so the question of well, Not, so there was reporting that he was there And there was reporting specifically that he was there. That was strange because no one could provide any indication that there was consensus around it. It was all very confusing. Why? So the hook for you is you felt like this was a piece of the Stephen a LeBron thing. It was a thing that everybody was arguing about in public, but no one had reported. Right. And so I was like, I'm gonna report this Out. So that's, that's when you're like, that how feels like an episode for me. And in the episode in full, just to be very clear on my show, I do explain all of the context and the reasoning such that people who are skeptical about my ethics or my motives understand why I think it's interesting.


And, and all I can do is hope that they find it persuasive. And if they don't, that's Well The ethics, that's okay. Ethics. The ethics are one thing. 'cause you're doing real reporting. Yes. The motives are where you open yourself up a little bit. Because from afar somebody could look at it and go, you're just doing this 'cause you want clicks. Okay. So, right. I think, and I'm sure you've heard that, But Bill, I think everybody who's ever made something online has heard that. True. It's like, unfortunately the death of the classifieds in newspapers, the death of the cable bundle in television has led us as independent media people to have to subsist by basically putting onto an altar your content and hoping that the sun, God, that is the algorithm shines upon us.


The Algorithm's getting worse. It's, and it's worse. And so to me it's like, yes, we have to play the game. And it's not, look, it's not Hollywood where it's one for me, one for you. Yeah. It's not what I'm doing here. I believe in every episode to a degree that is al almost disturbingly sincere. Yeah. But to me, the whole game here is if I'm gonna do a Peabody Award nominated episode about why it is at the end of their lives on death row, all of these sports fans spend their last words, literal, last words, shouting out their favorite sports team, which leads us to an episode in which we go to a supermax facility in Texas. Yeah. And a man named Charles Flores who was unjustly sentenced because of police hypnosis, ends up being the character.


Like, that's not gonna be as popular as the Belichick stuff or the LeBron stuff. You're doing the Belichick stuff to get people to listen to the, that's we need to be, that's how I feel with the Star Wars re watchable setting up out for justice. I just want you to acknowledge that you just compared my Peabody nominated journalism to your Star Wars. I was Using an analogy Noted. I'm a Star Wars fed, so I I have No, I get it. It's a one for us. One for you. That was my Point. But it's not even specifically just that because it's not, look, you know, I'm trying to think of the Hollywood example. Gosh. Well, well, but wait, are there, I mean, are there ideas you went down the road with and you backed off for whatever reason?


There must have been, right? Yes. So what are the reasons you back off? Because I don't think I could get it on the record. I don't think I could report it. I don't. So even more troublingly, I think the question of like, what is journalism today? To me the fundamental question, the di the difference and key distinction between gossip and journalism is that we are definitively saying we have reported this and we believe based on all of these sources and and facts and bits of research, that it's true. It's not, ah, I heard this thing might be true, might not be, no. We are rigorously investigating something in order to say we are here to publish this as True. So for Belichick, then you're reporting and you're trying to determine these things are true.


So the things that are true are teams backed off for him on the NFL, partly because of this weird Jordan Hudson situation. You believe They were aware of this had questions about the ring cam video. I don't think they knew necessarily that she was at a game in November of 2021, but I do know that lots of people around the Patriots knew that, that she was around. See, I, I would say the thing that was more, I, not to sidetrack you, but the thing that was more troubling with Belichick was the way he was doing that job. And I've talked about this on the pod, where he is basically doing everything at some point because of your age does not become sustainable. Correct. And he's trying to do all the draft, all the free agency, every single aspect of everything.


And the proof that he couldn't do that was in all the moves from basically like 2017 on with the roster, the draft picks. Yeah. The free agent signings. It just felt like, and that was, I still felt like he was an excellent coach, but the other stuff was submarine and the coach, which was him. And this Is why I think this is a story, so I should say this on our call and we're gonna jump around here, so forgive me, but like when you called me and saying You should come on my show. I reminded you that I emailed you, Right? So the media tour, just to close the loop on that briefly, I responded to incoming requests because people found the story fascinating. Yeah. And because the New York Times Vanity Fair, certainly every, you know, NBC, good Morning America, everybody wanted a piece of story.


Good Morning America. I mean, I'll check my, it's Grey, but it actually seemed like some people just took the story and didn't credit you for the recording. Also that also That, and I thought that was an interesting wrinkle to it, where you started the ball rolling and then it just became its own story. But people would've mentioned the podcast. So Part of what's weird about doing investigative journalism in this way on a podcast is that people sometimes just assume that I'm also simply aggregating. And so they're just facts that are exclusive to my reporting that people just started reprinting in papers of record. And I'm like, this is strange. I, again, I asked for it. I'm doing podcast investigative journalism, but it's not, it's, it's, it's been funny to watch how that stuff Gets That's, It lasts seven, eight years thing You think so?


I Do, I do. Just sloppiness. I think that's a, eh, I think social media plays a big part of that. The Apple News where, you know, people just click, oh, what's that story? And like some pick a generic magazine and they basically just have the bones of a story. I think AI grabs some of this stuff too. Well, I, I know, I know that all of this feels harder to fact check. And so fundamentally for me, the question is, what am I fact checking? Is it interesting? Can I solve this mystery? Can I advance public knowledge? Even if that knowledge is mostly interesting to sports fans who take sports very seriously. But politics are like this, by the way. So there are lots of Trump stories, for instance, where the story itself is deeply stupid.


Yeah. Like the actual thing happening is stupid. But if you consider the people important, you're like an interesting development in our understanding of this very significant American. And that's my perspective on how sports is both smart and stupid. And you know, this, It, it's true. I'm in a building that is premised on your empire doing something very similar to That. It's slice I'm staring at you right now. I mean, I Mean, that is a great one. I feel, I feel many great Americans gazing upon me as I try to figure out am I doing something that is worthy of attention or cravenly seeking it because I am a creature of the internet who wants the algorithm to love me? Right? I am not unselfaware about the way in which it's really hard to disentangle those two premises.


But what I told you on, in, in, in the email was like, bill, I think you'd be uniquely qualified to have a view on this. And it's because of everything we've got into, unfortunately. Because at this table while talking about heaven can Wait, you said I was pretending to be a journalist. I didn't sound that sound. What? You know what I meant though? I I now I'm just making fun of you. I'm Sorry. Sorry. But my thing was, if you were approaching it, like this was like important journalism and I just didn't feel like it was, But do you understand though why the story Is I understand it better now. That's why I wanted to talk to you about it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I get, I get why you're doing what you're doing, but you have to understand how I was seeing it. Whereas like, you, it just seems like you're thirsty and you're trying to get quicks and then doing a bunch of interviews about the podcast. So, so, and I like Belichick and there's a small piece of this that felt a little mean to me.


'cause I don't know what's going on with him. 'cause that's, that's over here. Shall we Talk about what's over here? I think we should, I I think this is kind of alarming how this has gone for, It lasts couple months. And again, I, I mean obviously I'm a lifelong Patriot fan. I've really admired everything he's built and stuff. And something about this makes me uneasy. I think this is really weird, which I guess is the whole point of why you did the podcast. Thank you, bill. Thank You, bill. But I think there's other stuff that was weird that happens in sports where I'm like, eh, let's maybe leave that on the side. So the question is whether, yeah, but you're making the fact that he's the highest paid employee in North Carolina. Like those all right?


Maybe. But what If I told you now, again, not to quote 30 for 30, you know, language back at you. What if I told you, yeah, that Bill Belichick's own family has been deeply concerned about this. What if I told you that his inner circle of actual coaches on staff, including a certain Mike Lombardi, is deeply concerned about Jordan Hudson and her presence in The building. Well, who's the one? Edelman or Gronk, one of those, somebody said on a pod. They've all Somebody, somebody who was kind of in the circle Yes. Talked about it being concerned. I thought that was, and then there was some Instagram stuff too with who is it? Like somebody's wife or somebody's, the, the, the People around Belichick, professionally, personally, as well as the administrators at North Carolina.


Their life behind the scenes has been shaped, reshaped, blown up by having to deal with Jordan Hudson. And when they hired Bill Belichick to this job, yeah. They thought they were getting New England. Bill Belichick. They got, I, I cannot stress this enough. Something like the exact opposite when it comes to PR in this way is now the thing we're stressed out about this guy who could handle the media alone by saying nothing has this person who's on tape at CB. And I can tell you, by the way, I don't know if I've made enough of a deal on my own shows about this. Wherever she goes shows. Well, what I'm trying to say is, wherever you mean Episodes.


Episodes, okay. Episode. I didn't, I I didn't know there was a show. I was, We're we're doing a spinoff. A spinoff that just me, just me stalking Hudson Pablo Torre finds out life is like in jail. That'd be good for algorithm. Yeah, It would. Yeah. And ironically it would work, but I don't wanna do that. But what I'm saying is, every time she shows up at an interview with Bill, like what she did on the Pivot podcast, again, I'm so deep in the lore here. So forgive me if I'm just like, part of what happened after my reporting was that North Carolina had to clarify, she doesn't work for us. She's not gonna be around here. She is only handling Bill's personal stuff. And I ask you right, in this era, can there possibly be a distinction between Bill Belichick Persons and Bill Belichick, the face and head of North Carolina football?


Like how can you, when you're promoting a book in which, nope, that's Bill over here. Of course it's Al it's also Bill Belichick, the North Carolina representative. And so the idea that there is any sort of dividing line, some wall between the two is part of the farce. And when it comes to her and interviews, what I was trying to say is, everywhere she goes, CBS, these media ventures behind the scenes, over that off season at NFL Films and 60 Minutes New 60 Minutes was, yeah, all of this blew up the hard knocks deal. Everywhere she goes, there is a trail of wreckage that suggests that the man who is basically undefeated against the media and press conferences is not only losing the public relations war, he is self-destructing and he hasn't coached a game.


And so behind the scenes, all of these people are like, again, family coaches, people around the building that hired him. And again, the chancellor at Carolina wanted him Ad Bubba Cunning, Bubba Cunningham did not. That's his actual name. His real name is Bubba Cunningham. It's a bit on the nose. Sounds like A movie script about Belichick and ad. Bubba Cunningham has an issue with that. A Lot of this story is on the nose in terms of like, wow, it's really like that. Yes. So there is a power struggle. But this goes back, but it goes back to, It lasts couple years of the paths when it felt like the wheels were starting to come off a little bit. And they bring in Jared Mayo and Kraft Anoints Mayo is the successor and is still on, on Belichick's staff.


And it seems like it's gonna be one year, two years, three years, whatever it is. And Belichick stops talking to Mayo basically by all reports. And it, it's just super weird. And at the same time, apparently he's with this Jordan Hudson. But listen, These, these are the things that are all happening outside of public view. Yes, yes. When Kraft says go. But I think it got, I think it was weird with them, and look, I mean this Wickersham wrote about this in 2017. I got mad on my podcast about that. 'cause we're protective about the Pats. Right? And I get that. And Wicker Shame's reporting was dead on. I've had him on many times to talk about it. But the Garoppolo thing, Alex Guerrero, there were all these things, Kraft versus Belichick, all of these things where people were like, there's a problem, there's a problem.


And everybody was like, we're fine. We're winning, we're fine. And then it all leads to the Dynasty. And Belichick writing a book where he doesn't mention craft. And also the Apple TV documentary, that's What meant the Dyna, it's called the Dynasty, right? Yes, yes. Yeah. That Apple documentary in which It's So the public relations war, right? There's craft, there's Belichick now there's Jordan Hudson, there's everybody trying to control a story that has been deeply embarrassing for everybody involved. And it reminds me of something that Seth wrote in his book. Seth quotes Bob Kraft saying Bill Belichick was an idiot savant. And I believe that the more I learn about Bill Belichick outside of football, there is this notion of a guy who is a total genius at football, who has proven in terms of who he surrounds himself with, the decisions he makes, how the people around him are afraid to deal with him.


Even as they are literally in the same room watching Jordan Hudson rolling their eyes. Some of the coaches on staff. I believe that there is a great deal of this man being a genius and also a fool. And if that feels rude, because Bill Belichick is someone you revere, I just ask you to do the thing. Revere is Strong, but, But Jordan Hudson is trying to do this thing where it's like there's personal bill and professional bill. And for right now I will do the same. Yeah. Football Bill Genius personal bill utter Superfund disaster. And that's what the story is. Well you could feel some of it last year with all the, the media of stuff that he did where all of a sudden he was on like five, six different things.


Was Any of it good in your view? I thought there was some inside the NFL stuff that was interesting. But for the most part he seemed to me, this is a problem a lot of times when coaches do media for a year or two years, they don't really wanna say anything. 'cause they might be coaching again. And I thought, I thought he was very safe, which was, we talked to him about a podcast. My, my fear was, are you be too safe? 'cause we've seen that over and over again with people. That's why Doc Rivers was amazing to have on pods. Yeah. Because he didn't know if he was coaching again or not. But he still said shit. He still was like the doc that you would hang out with if you weren't doing a pod.


Right. I never felt totally that way with Belichick. What I have been told from people who worked for me, I mean at this point, I'm talking about a half dozen humans that dealt with Bill and Jordan together at these media ventures, right? Yeah. I mean I talked to 11 sources in total, but I'll be more specific to these media things that launched last off season. They explicitly encountered Bill Belichick and Matt Patricia using the media to audition to get back into the NFL. And they were deliberately defacto tanking. No one understood why Bill Belichick in the pre-production meeting was one thing. And then on Mike, he was so bland as to destroy the very premise of why they were paying him all of that money.


And it was very clear by the end, he and Jordan Hudson had a plan for what this was gonna be. And throughout that it was, it was so bad as to, I mean, be admitted by the people who were responsible for the idea. Like talking to them now, they all know this was disastrous. And In fact they found it fascinating that like Peyton Manny's not having Bill ballot check back, that was just announced this past Week. I thought he was the manning cast bad on the manning cast. He's Gone, he's off now. Where he was good was when it was talking about in the past when he could talk about like Lt, ed Reed. And that's when he'd really open up because those guys were retired and they weren't somebody he would potentially be coaching or coaching against.


Where Was, which I thought was, was planned And, and where was long Snapper monologue Bill Belichick, the guy who loved the minutia of like, oh wait a minute on a left, a left footed punter. He's charismatic almost. Right? The the stuff of the, the specifics and the history of football he's so good at. But what we saw was a guy using the media to get back into the NFL and now at Carolina Openly using it. Op I mean, so I would, I would say even frustratingly and almost irresponsibly given that he was entrusted as the host of shows in one case with Matt, Patricia as his co-host speaking to like the remo of Phish kind of dynamic of like neither of them wanted to be good at media.


They wanted to be NFL coaches. I thought there was an idea for him. If he really wanted to have an awesome podcast and committed to it, I think it would've been amazing. What's your pitch? No, I just think when he was doing all these different pieces of what he was doing, but what he really cared about was the NFL films footage, the breakdowns kind of teaching people about football. And what was happening in the moment I think would've been really good. But I, I don't also don't feel like he wanted to do it. He wasn't gonna talk about weaknesses. He wasn't gonna be like, here's the problem with Trevor Lawrence. Here's why he struggled for five years. Look at his mechanics. Here's how I would attack him if I was playing him. He wasn't doing any of that. So once, once I realized that, like in mid-September I was like, I'm not consuming this anymore.


Yeah. But I think, you know, you could argue it worked like he got, he got like four or five different paychecks, right? He like his, it seemed like his goal was to make a ton of money for one year and then come back and get an NFL coaching job in February. And that did not Happen. Well In fact, the, the contract with Carolina has this fascinating buyout clause that just passed. So congratulations to Bill Belichick for not exercising his $1 million buyout clause to get out of Carolina. It dropped after June 1st from $10 million to $1 million because he was trying to engineer an escape hatch. If the NFL said, you know what, we've watched a half dozen Bill Belichick Media ventures in which by the way, the COO of Bill Belichick Productions is Jordan Hudson, who he, So was that your reporting that was, or that was out there?


That was on LinkedIn. That was her on her bio being like, I'm the COO of a company that's not incorporated as an LLC anywhere, but was de facto the person you had to negotiate with. And In fact, bill Belichick requested after calling her brilliant to various media partners, hire her for six figures. Like this was not just, she's the girlfriend and she's very young. It's, she's running the business. And his even more crucially his public persona, which is the key evolution here. Private man becomes public figure. And how he does it is so illustrative of, again, all of these industries, media, business, college, the NFL, on and on and on that we've been talking about.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra, the official beer partner of the NBA. What do I love about the NBA championship? Well first of all, I love winning the Celtics win. But that's not happening this year. But you know what, I really love the drama, the pressure. Everything goes to the highest level. Guys are injured, guys are banged up. Guys are hungry. It just brings out the best to everything. And MLO B is helping you celebrate like a champion with a chance to win your own limited edition championship bottle. Just like those gifted to the NBA players during the championship parade. Enter now at michelob b ultra.com/courtside/champs bottles Michelob b ultra courtside Victor Solomon Champs bottle sweepstakes, no purchase necessary open to US residents. 21 plus ends June 22nd, 2025. See official rules@michelobbutcher.com slash rules for free entry prizes and details. Message and data rates may apply void. Where prohibited.


This episode is presented by State Farm on the basketball court. The best players know when to pass and off the court. You still need teammates who are there when accounts. That's where State Farm comes in with agents to help you find coverage that's right for you. You can focus on what really matters. Whether that's hitting game winners or just getting through the day Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm coverage Options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats. Summer is here and you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do I mean by almost? Well you can't get a well-groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered a day in the sun. No. A bottle of rum. Yes. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order now for alcohol. You Must be legal drinking age, please enjoy responsibly. Product availability varies by region. See app for details.


Can we go big picture on journalism stuff? Please. 'cause these were your bones initially. Where'd you go? You did Columbia grad? No, I went to, I went to Harvard and I was a Where'd You go to grad or you didn't, you just went right in. Went to The Sports Illustrated fact checking department. Oh, after college. My origin story is that, Well I just remember hearing from you when we were doing Grandlin and you were doing Jeremy Lynn stuff. Yes. And I was like, who's this guy? And then it was like, he's 23. It was like Jesus, it was one of those, It was one of those. Frank Isla still, you know, makes fun of me. 'cause I was the guy like with this story who emerged kind of out of nowhere for a bunch of people and had these scoops that were beating the, certainly for Jeremy Lynn, like the New York media ecosystem, but also the national, because We had Kang at Grantland who was doing great stuff and you were doing the great stuff and it was like the two of you felt like you kind of owned the story for, I don't know how long was that story?


A month? It Felt like, it Felt like two years. But it was, it felt like it's still going for me actually no, it was, it was two weeks in change in terms of his actual run. But in terms of his like actual significance as a figure. Yeah, a month, a couple months. But Kang was writing, I, I think very thoughtful. Like some reportage, but like a lot of essayistic stuff. And I was the guy who had the Jeremy for Sports Wired. Yes. Because again, I have this weird Rolodex of people. He was a freshman when I was a senior in college. Right. Ryan Fitzpatrick was there when I was there. One of the first interviews I did in college, I was covering the heavyweight crew team and I interviewed then Olympic Rower Tyler or Cameron Winklevoss.


I don't remember which one I interviewed. Social Network guys. Yes. Wow. One of the Winkle V was one of my first interviews. Winklevie. So Anyway, the point being I went to Harvard, I wanted to go to law school. I did the thing where I had a panic attack taking the LSAT 'cause I wanted it too much. And You had a panic attack. Yeah, Man. Like For like an actual one. I, I need, I need, there's an Asian person in here and I just need them to affirm me as somebody who is reasonably having panic attacks during tests. I need I Yes, Yes, yes. But you were taking the test. Yeah. Yeah. And I do, I'm trying to think of, I don't think that's ever happened. The only time I don't think that ever happened to me taking a test probably. 'cause I felt like it probably wasn't gonna turn out that well.


I was gonna say Holy Cross playing on know, like beer pong. You didn't like have a, I had two Five freshman year. What up though? Oh God. Yeah. Look, I care deeply about school. So you're gonna be a lawyer or like what? There's an alternate world in which I am a lawyer right now, so if You don't have a panic attack during the LSATs, I probably go to a, a law school that, that I had dreamed of. And I never do journalism full-time because I did not. I, I first one of my family born in America, parents from the Philippines, like structure and a roadmap towards American success in some conventional graduate school way was absolutely the gravitational force in my life. And because I failed, not failed literally, but like, because I bombed a test, which is a nightmare for me.


I had to figure out what do I do in this gap year and in that gap year, I said the thing I've been doing for fun this whole time is writing sports. Yeah. And I'd been an intern at Sports Illustrated because I love sports and have always been a sports fan and nerd and, and fan of writing. I mean, I'm also somebody who read Sports Illustrated growing up and like worshiped these long form bonus writers. You know, so fact checking Gary Smith and Scott Price and Tim Laden and all of these guys, Tom Verducci. Like that was my job and I nerded out on it. I had to cross out every word in their stories to make sure it was true. What an incredible like dissection of how to do this job at the highest level.


And so for me, When did you go to ESPN though? 2012. The fall of the Jeremy line East penn.com or mag I don Remember magazine slash.com. But Chad Millman, I was doing five jobs. I don Remember anything I was gonna Say. You were, yeah, I was, I don't have a lot of long term memory from that era. We were living very different existences at espn. Well At the time mine was just tired all the time. That was one of my E two small kids. Yeah, yeah. Lot of stuff, but yeah. Yeah. So I remember, but I also, I, but to be clear, I also grew up reading you. Thank you. I mean, I didn't say it was good. It was really good. Genuinely though, like the idea of wait a minute, I could evolve a medium into something that feels more like me and my sensibility.


Like the progression of what I went through from like Harvard to Sports Illustrated to ESPN, to getting onto around the horn. RIP and then PTI and then doing like cable political news now and doing other stuff. Like I've been waiting to do something that feels more like my own sensibility. And so to get from wherever I started, a guy who didn't want to do this professionally to guy who cannot imagine what it would've been like if I had gotten the score I wanted on the LSAT in which I'm not in this room right now. A terrifying sliding doors possibility that I never gotta to do this. Why couldn't you have done what you wanted do with ESP daily? I don't understand that part. 'cause that was a daily podcast with a lot of resources.


Yeah. So did you like make a mistake with how you attacked it? Or you felt like it was too entrenched with the idea I wanted to do As soon as I realized what, so to credit the New York Times Daily as like the original sort of format that ESPN daily essentially looked at and said we want one of those, the idea of a two-way conversation into which you slide docus style elements. Interview tape scoring. Yeah. Editing structure, all stuff, you know, from documentaries. That was so eye-opening to me as a host and producer that I realized I wanted to do this for stuff that I reported instead of stuff that other people did. So you just basically have reporters coming on and you're just setting them up and they're talking about their reporting and you're basically just a cruise director.


Studio host. Yeah. Cruise director. I'm Like smart Uber driver. It was like, but By the way, and part of it is to, But why couldn't you have changed that though? So I I, I really liked doing that because I was truly like getting to do a, in my ambition, an even better execution than the written piece was. 'cause I would pick, like, this story could be something that's three dimensional and has like interview tape. You can make this into a docus style. I started calling these things, and this is very lame, but documentaries, like conversations that also felt like documentaries. And that was the sort of medium that I still work in now. But I found it to be something that left me too busy to do the passion projects where I was like, man, this format is so perfect for me if I can evolve it and report these myself and being a cruise director in which I have to bring energy and smiling and selling stuff that sometimes I didn't wanna do as much as the other stuff that became something that I would have done.


Frankly, if I think to be very blunt, ESPN cared more about it. Right? And it was just sort of like, But they, but in in their way they care about it. 'cause they gave it resources, but that doesn't mean they cared about it in the correct way. I, I Would say I believe that they liked the idea of it. They were like, No, this is it and you have resources for it. Do this. Yeah. And by the way, it no longer exists. Right? Well that's okay. So Nina did it, then I did it and then there was a rotation of people who did their best with a staff that was overworked. And in the end it's not around anymore because I don't think they ever fully understood the potential. And so for me, you're Saying a Penn didn't understand the potential of a podcast In that way. Our lives are quite similar trying to in that way.


You And I turn wrap head or on that one not so Different. No, it's crazy. It's crazy to, to see what has left SPN in the world of podcasting from a pure, cynical self-interest perspective. The podcast you have now, did you spitball with Ride Home at all? Yeah. Oh, Eric and I, I mean, look, because What you're doing, I don't know if he told you this, but he wanted me to do this show in 2009 called Bill Simmons investigates. And I still have the email. He sent me this long email. He was basically like, we're taking your mailbag and just investigate the dumbest things. And I think this could be a TV show. And at that point I kind of, I kind of knew where I wanted do Grand Lane. I wanted to, but you did. I didn't wanna do a TV show. Yeah. But I always thought it was an interesting idea and it was a great email.


And I didn't know if that was what led to part of what you're trying to do. Not that, not the idea, but Eric, a piece of it, Eric Mentioned this to me like maybe a year into the show because It was a great idea, Dude. The whole idea of using journalism to solve stupid and or serious and or smart funny mysteries is, it's funny. Like I talk to people like I'm using journalism solve mysteries and some journalists will look at me and be like, you mean do journalism? And I'm like, oh yeah, I'm kind of just rebranding what journalism is. But that's kind of the point. It's a great, I mean, look, my brother helped me come up. My younger brother who is not sports fluent really at all except to sports.


He loves Tom Football. He, he helped me come up with the name Pablo Torre finds out. And I think that only once the name crystallized did it become clear that this was a through line through my curiosity, right? And so the whole idea of, yes, I'm going to investigate something, solve a mystery that man, I I, I think the name ended up crystallizing the ambition in a way that I only realize in retrospect. But I would've loved to have subscribed to Bill Simmons investigates in which I don't know what, I don't Know how I could have done it Would've done, but I don't know how I could have done it for espn. I don't know how I could have written my column. It would've been mean.


I can tell you that like this thing is my second child, this show, and I take it. I think that's, you have to do it. It's way the honestly that's have to do anything. It's probably unhealthy, honestly. But like Belichick story to me is such a thin slice of my brain. But the thing that everybody wants to talk about, and meanwhile I have like these other things that I'm like working on right now that I find to be, in many ways so much weirder and More important. And, but by the way, I, I reached out to you when we did the LeBron tape, the Knicks video to recruit LeBron the Sopranos secret video. Oh, I I already knew that story though, But I I got the tape bill.


You can actually watch the video. You can see James Delfin and Edie Falco in this weird apartment acting like a super sweet 16 video for LeBron James at the behest of James Dolan, in which the next face you see after they play this scene in which by the way, yes. Turns out the soprano subreddit was Very excited about this. They're alive. Like they're in the cinematic universe somehow looking for an apartment. The Soprano subreddit is still going. I mean, as a metaphor maybe for the topic at hand. Yes. I didn't Even know it existed. I Fed to black going there. Still went going. It Sounds great. So the point being though that, like, that video in which by the way, the first face you see in this episode and we got the whole video is Donald Trump, James Dolan assembles a a murderer's row of people.


And in that list, Donald Trump, Rudy Giuliani. Yeah. Harvey Weinstein. Like you see all of it. And then we also got the Harvey Weinstein, I mean, wow. Yeah. We also got, my favorite part is that they also, and no one had known this before, they did versions of this for Dwayne Wade and Chris Bosch. And so we have the alts where it's like the same script, but they swap out the names and it's just like the comedy of, again, behind the scenes, how does the team that has everything lu LeBron James. And the reason I reached out to you was that you've long been on this thing with the Knicks and LeBron where the Knicks messed it up.


Well, part of it was, I think they, Donnie Walsh was running it. He was in a wheelchair and he was in a wheelchair and they wheeled him in and it, and it just was Well, Wasn't great. Well, the missing I think they were like, wait, this guy's running the team. He seems old and weak. But the missing piece is that in Rolls, Donny Walsh and this contingent, and again, LeBron has everybody visiting him in this hotel, in this, sorry, this building. And into the boardroom. It's these delegations. The Yeah, the SUVs roll up and it's the Clippers and it's all these teams. Right. Sterling didn't, didn't really win the room over. Did not, it Was tough for him. Did not. But into the room, I walked the New York Knicks and the lights darken and they press play and this video starts.


And so the missing piece was like, what's it actually like to have seen this? Yeah. What I can tell you is that after I published the episode, people in LeBron camp were like, thank God people finally understand what that was like. They didn't have the tape either. But again, because I'm a kind of unhinged dog with a bone on these like sports culture mysteries, I, I take as a point of pride that I got to finally close the loop on one of these ongoing Yeah. Like urban legend, but actually real stories. So like the lottery stuff, the frozen envelope. Yeah. Have you done that one yet? So I, I've been, I've been doing reporting around this.


I'll, I'll spoil a little bit of it. I just know that there was one MBA owner I talked to recently who was absolutely convinced this is rigged. It was the easiest one to rig 'cause it was seven envelopes. You, I, I studied it. I remember doing a mailbag thing about it at some point I studied it. There was one that seemed a little bent, but that footage was really grainy. And the, the way apparently he could have done it if you were gonna do it, I don't even know if that you could do it. And by the way, it would be massive fraud and a whole bunch of Yeah. Terrible things that come out of it. But if you froze one of the envelopes and made them extremely cold and your finger, like he, you can see his hands going in there. And if you just felt the one and you would know that's the one, that's how you would do it.


I think with now with the ping pong balls, I don't know how you would do It. Well I think there's still, well, on the frozen envelope theory, I talked to David Fa was as you know, Jordan's agent, Ewing's agent also. And I asked him about NBA conspiracies specifically that and the gambling, you know, alleged suspension retirement, Michael Jordan, you know, which you've talked about also endlessly. It's very surreal by the way, to get these conspiracies directly from you at this table. Having heard you Well those are, I mean those are the two most famous ones. But, so I asked David Falk about them. He's, he's the agent for both men a unique perspective. And he says the Jordan one, that's bullshit. Doesn't make any sense. But the Ewing one, he says, I could kind of see it. And I'm like, okay. And so we have this conversation and the whole thing about conspiracies in the NBA and in life, It triggered conspiracy bill, by the way.


He's like, I've full alert right now. Noticed. I felt, I felt the Temperature changed. Hair. Yeah. Hair standing on my arms right Now. The barometric pressure in the amazing this studio has has shifted. Didn't realize he was gonna show up today. It's, it's an honor to meet you. Yeah. A conspiracy bill. He's right here. The thing about NBA conspiracies and conspiracies and politics in life is that the difference between truth and plausibility is an interesting distinction because if you have either truth or plausibility, people care. Yeah. And so now we've come all the way back around to the difference between gossip and journalism, between clickbait and something that's popular between algorithms and curiosity. Like yes, these are hard things that have eaten the brains of everybody in America because there are incentives to be dishonest in the service of some larger conspiracy.


But sometimes, sometimes there is truth. And that's what journalism is. Well, trying to get to. Sometimes you learn things as the years go on and you get a tidbit and you go and then it makes you revisit. Like for me, the, I forget when Shaq did this, Shaq told the story, might've been on a podcast about how David Stern asked him if he wanted to be warm weather or cold weather Yeah. Before the lottery. And he said warm and then Orlando. And he's like, just a, that's something that happened. So then you hear that and you're like, wait a second. And Now you have to go backwards and revisit, you know, the, especially 84 where, or 85 the lottery.


I think that they, It's by far, if you look at all the teams by far you into the Knicks was the best case scenario for them. The Jordan one, here's the part that's never added up. Yeah. And if I had to put a ratio on it, I would go 80 20. I think he actually, like there was no chicanery, he just, he was upset about his dad and retired every story about this dude. Which we revisit now because we have to argue about the goat contractually. All of us. Like once a month. That's right. Every story is about what a homicidal competitor he was most competitive guy ever competing on everything. Be in the airport waiting for bags and he would pay off the baggage handler 'cause he had to win that badly.


And we're all exposed to accept that. He just shut that off and left basketball after he'd won three straight titles. 'cause he had nothing left to prove. So were you homicidally competitive or are you the kind of guy who can just shut it off? 'cause you have nothing left to prove that. I've never reconciled those two things. I think that is one of the things that's most fascinating big picture about sports to me. Yeah. Here you have the greatest winners, right? So we start with ballot check. We get to Jordan, the greatest winners who have assembled everything that everyone else lusts after. Yeah. And still there are these gaping holes in what makes them feel fulfilled. Right. And that to me is why sports is, sports is both the perfect metaphor for everything else.


It's also just on its own fascinating. And the Jordan stuff. I mean, look, I I think that when it comes to, I mean I'm, I'm the type of guy who found this is, this is the other story that I did where people were like, this is beneath you. And I'm like, I got bad news for you. This is eye level for me for months. Right. I'm, I'm seeing these stories about Marcus Jordan dating Larissa Pippen. And I'm like, on one level, unbelievably superficial, empty, vacuous tabloid trash for someone who's an NBA fan who grew up watching the Bulls.


The idea that Scotty Pippin's ex-wife is dating Michael Jordan's son and everybody around them is like having to deal with this. And on top of it, Pippin and Jordan had the fallout after It lasts dance. Like there's some layers. Exactly. And so the timeline was not merely Wow. Interesting. Through the lens of history, actively contentious now informing our understanding of how Michael Jordan operates. How Scotty Pippin operates, who cares about what the power dynamics on a team being re-litigating decades later in public through their loved ones and former loved ones. Right. So what I did was, and this is again my insanity, is that I listened to every episode of the podcast that Larissa Pippen and Marcus Jordan were hosting together, which very few people remember How many episodes was that?


I think They did about a dozen. It was called separation Anxiety. And it was horrible. You listen to all 12 episodes of that. I'm a journalist. Oh my What, like, were you doing other stuff? Were you playing like video games? I I knew you just concentrate on that. It's Horrible. Just know that parenting a child while having that in the background is probably something I'll get sued for by my daughter. Yeah, Yeah. Fair. But what happened was, we did all of that and then the coup de gras was, I invited Marcus and Larissa together onto my show and interviewed them and got to talk and confront them about this story. And it resulted in a number of New York post headlines in which they called me miserable and that I was unfair to them and all that stuff. Which is okay because they shouldn't necessarily like what I have to say to them.


But the question of is it true and interesting and significant for a certain quadrant of people that actually is in my audience. I, I think that's kind of, that, that's what I enjoy is like, yes, it is kind of envelope pushing to take this seriously, but if I can prove to you that it's worth your time, then I think everybody got what they wanted here. So you're basically taking, somebody's done a text thread with four of their buddies who love sports sports and there's this Larson Pippa things happening. Like, what the fuck is going on with this? That's an episode for you, For me group chats and texts from people who are like, I don't know if I can say this or I heard this is a huge source of just incoming ideas.


And the question is always, can I do this responsibly and accurately and rigorously such that I can still plausibly be considered a journalist by the Murrow and Peabody people, while also satisfying my friends who I use as like these proxies for my audience. Like I, I I like to, I like to take stories seriously, but not myself. So seriously. And that's why I'm here is to say like, yeah, please do laugh at me. Like I am not here to be insulated from criticism. Just know that I am so bizarrely prepared to discuss it if you have questions that all I ask is the ability to explain maybe what people did not hear or listen to because it got clipped out.


Because that's the game too. And I am not fighting it. I just want people to look at the, the stuff in totality. So if somebody wanted you to do an episode about how Ko Hazard didn't leave his house for four years, other than to play golf once a week, do you bat that around with somebody else? Or is it just like an instinct, like, I can't do that, that's not gonna work as an episode. The first question I ask myself is, does voice modulated Bill Simmons still assertively sound like Bill Simmons. Bill Simmons AI in French, Can we get you in a spot Shadow? I'm gonna, for AI b It's, It's different languages. We had to, it's gonna be great for a lot of us. I can't wait.


We turned down, I mean, not that this is a noble position, but we turned down, there was an offer from a tech company that'll remain nameless to like, Hey, you have an archive of shows with people talking in this conversational way. Can we pay you to train our AI bots? And we were like, no. Yeah, that sounds, no, you can't. And by the way, parallel to that is this media tour thing. Like Harvey Levin and TMZ asked me to talk to him about Belichick and I said, I don't think I can do that. I think my standard for the lowest brow programming I can do is the Bill Simmons show. And so that's why that Was a dig. We were getting along so well what the hell this is, I'm sorry, from the higher end of shows.


Remember when you founded Grantland? Wasn't that fun? That's, that's the spirit of what I do is honestly like we, we have so many friends in common because your coaching tree said now do the compliment thing. Right. Your coaching tree online Coaching tree Belichick. It's a tree. I don't know what What kind of, what, what kind of tree is it Bill? I dunno. It's a lot of, lot of great people have passed through my life And I have become friends with them in part sometimes because I first encountered them through things that you had made. Yeah. And we then went on to become friends who then text me what the fuck's happening with you and Bill. And which I say, I don't know, I'm not sure he knows what my show is, but I'm happy to explain it. But then also it is the recognition that who you choose to surround yourself with is kind of the through line in all of it.


In the reporting I did with ballot check in why I'm here with you and to the degree that, you know, the media is a bizarre, chaotic industry that I now am trying to navigate as an independent training wheels entrepreneur with a show. Yeah. Man. I'm like, I, I I could use good ideas, I could use help, I could use people just saying, Hey, they do stuff that is like this that you might enjoy. So you getting pitched ideas and concepts and you're like, ah, it doesn't pass. Ah, maybe like what's the, what's like the incubation process? I am, my staff makes fun of me. Like you A staff. We, you do realize you have two Producers over there who are like, No, but I mean what's like, what's the staff?


I mean, we have them in the credits of every Friday episode in which we shout them out. But I tried to make it Is it Like researchers? Like all kinds of People? Yeah, we have a couple of people who are devoted. Everyone does more than one thing. But yes, I wanted to make a a, a mini newsroom because what I can't do is we do three episodes a week should be Called Pabo Torres Deep Pockets. I mean Dan Lards Deep Pockets man I'm using his money to, to fund a weird project that no one really asked for, but is the thing that I'm like trying to make sustainable. I am somebody who wanted to hire people to simulate what feels like a modern newsroom, tongue in cheek, but not in which, yeah, I get tips. But more than that I'm like perpetually pressure testing these ideas that I have.


So my phone, my Slack channel is just an endless stream of me pitching my staff ideas. Like, I think we should do this, but we gotta make these calls. Can we do that? I found this weird nugget buried in this other thing. There was this bankruptcy filing. This is a breadcrumb for a future episode. There's this bankruptcy filing that I think everybody would find fascinating. If I can get to the bottom of it. These are my skill if I have one is hopefully trying to discern whether someone who's not me would find something that I find interesting. Chang's golf career. You know what I wanted to do When you got you, were you with him at Augusta? You Know, Chang was supposed to be, I was, was Chang Chang was, his dad wanted him to be a PGA golfer.


I was walking around with like torn rotator cuffs getting like Tommy John surgery. I mean he filmed 35 straight weeks of Netflix episodes and his body like literally broke down. I wanted to do the episode and I've talked to him before about this and I'll just spoil it. 'cause you have first dibs. Yeah. Like the secret world of food at Augusta beyond like the stand in front, but like the secret, you know what I'm talking about? They don't, they just don't do, I mean I guess you could, they're not, you're not gonna find any out from Augusta. Oh, that this is why Yeah, this is why I do what I do. Oh, so you think you could, I think I'm gonna wear a trench coat and David Chang's gonna be the top part and I'm gonna have a Mex suit underneath Where like Mission Impossible like a David Chen mask One ticket please.


Yeah. And we walk into Augusta together. Yeah man. I'm I, yes by the way, I, I love doing stuff and this gonna sound very retrograde and and edgier than I think. I love doing stuff that people don't want me to do. Like if I find something interesting and the people in charge of it are like, no. Now I'm like, well what do you got to hide? Why don't you want people to know that there's a secret special like food court for rich people, the Illuminati in the back of Augusta. You Know, it would've been a good episode that you can't do now. I was obsessed with this for like two years when Stern was commissioner apparently at every NBA party. I think I've talked about this.


He loved pigs in a blanket and they had to be at every NBA function and party. And there was this one party where they didn't have NBA pigs in a blanket and he freaked out and was really upset about it. And I was like, this sounds amazing. I don't know if that's quite an episode, but David Stern's obsession with pigs in a blanket feels like the formation of something. I hesitate to inform you that I would've greenlit that. I don't, I dunno if there's, it feels like there needs to be a second piece to it and well, What kind of pigs in a blanket we're talking about the microwaveable kind is David Stern want like super bespoke. Like So somebody told me that and then it like, I don't know, nine months later I was at one of those functions and they had pinks in a blanket and I was watching him eat it and that was the most rip I've ever met in my life.


I was like, he's eating the pigs in the blanket And there's a, it's true, there's a metaphor there for Scott Foster somehow. Yeah. You know, I was like, yeah, you gotta Dick Veta by the way, I I I'm sure you've had this experience, but like when you do stuff that the NBA doesn't love sometimes, Oh, I hadn't had that experience ever. Yeah. Never. Yeah. But the number of calls you get, like just even uttering Scott Foster into his microphone. I'm gonna like Tim Frank, if you're listening, I'm sorry that I did this, but like yeah man, I, I would love to, to make a pigs in a blanket metaphor for NBA officiating and the dial they turn to get an outcome, not explicitly to conspiratorially rig a game, but just like more scoring, less scoring, more fouls, fewer fouls, just like big picture stuff.


This has been out there for a bunch of years now and I think people are at least a little bit aware of it. You know, that's a, there's a reason they released a rough assignments the day of the game. There was also ref stats that I think some gamblers took advantage of in the two thousands. But just in general, teams can com. This is the big thing people need to understand about officials. Teams can complain about how a game was called. They'll send the things and then the league will tell the officials for the next game, like they're getting away with too much stuff. They can't do that. Or they'll give them some sort of directive that will then shape the next game. And it's one of the reasons the games will feel a little differently. Like if Knee Smith and we're taping this before game one of the finals, if Knee Smith is just hounding SGA and he is just bumping him and touching him and it's like sing the line, but they let it go, the league will then tell the rest for the next game.


Like, here's footage in need Smith, you can't let him do this Pointed emphasis. That's the good version of this. There might be some more sinister versions of it Too. So I think it's true. In fact in the past, maybe not now. Well I think it's inevitable that the NBA because you officiate games at the end differently than you do at the beginning. Yeah. Is inviting an arbitrary, I know it when I see it standard, which is up for interpretation, judicial interpretation that varies depending on what the instructions are that game. The thing though about, and I I love this, this is a thing I have looked into and that I wanna do something with, but again, I'm happy to just talk about it a bit. The complaints that teams make to the League pointed with video.


What I've been told is that the teams that complain the most often, I'll name two of them. I'm curious if you're surprised. One is the New York Knicks. Huh? The other is the Oklahoma City Thunder. Just like which teams file the most complaints because of stuff that causes them to think we got jobs. And it's, I'm told reliably those two teams are among the most offended and yeah. Liable to file paperwork. Conspiracy Bill was on alert for game six of Nick's Pacers and it was interesting. They let basically Brunson and Halliburton get manhandled the whole game.


So they basically just 'cause Halliburton was dripping the ball up and they're bridges and, and an Obie were like clubbing him as he is just dribbling a straight line. I was like, Jesus. But they were just as physical with Brunson. I think it's better. I think social media has really even it out. Yeah. Because the darkest moment other than Donahue and other than the Artes Mele of the 21st century for the NBAI think was that oh six finals. Mm. And how appalled everybody was by how I was officiated. Sure. And I think Wade shot 25 free throws in game five, but it just, it didn't sit right. Cuban staring down stern after a loss, which has never happened before since in the history of the league.


Him just from the court staring at him stink eye. Do you Ms. David Stern? I do. I think he was starting to really lose it at the end and it was time for him to retire and obviously people come and go. You mean from the planet or from the Job, but for jobs and from the planet. Yeah. There was something about how he shepherded stuff that I thought was, it's maybe it belonged to its own era. He just didn't put up with shit. You know what, What, what a i I I think Adam Silver has succeeded in ways that are indisputable financially.


Right. Not This, not this last CBA, although maybe that's not his fault. What's, wait, what's your take on tripling the CBA? No, it's not the, not the money they made. It's, it's what it did competitively to the league with all the aprons. I think it's really gonna badly fuck up the league. So to that point, by the way, as we're looking at the second apron basically doing something that the NBA has always needed more of, which is reduce the platform in the most expensive settings for superstars to be even more important. Right. Like that's the, the thing about the second apron and Adam's tenure I think is that it's just very funny that he learned at the knee of David Stern and operates behind the scenes so differently.


And I think David Stern, what would WW DSD, what would David Stern do is a question I ask myself very often when it comes to, it's funny When people get to that point 'cause I actually think Belichick was at that point, how people put together their roster was almost like, would you sign this guy for 85 minutes? Well, would Belichick do that? Probably not. And he had hit that point, at least through the mid 2000 tens, and then it kind of faded away. But I think Stern was, for the most part, had really good instincts. I thought near the end, I thought he'd lost. I, I will never understand the OKC Seattle thing That oh, oh, oh share when he was running the team or when he relocated the team. No, when he let the OKC guys buy Seattle to steal them and steal them away, I'll never understand why.


The conflict of interest with the New Orleans owning that franchise basketball Crazy. All reasons remains just an amazing thing that I still marvel at, man. Yeah.


This episode is brought to you by Ultra running. Every pair of Ultra Shoes has a roomy toe box and zero to load drop, which lets your toes spread and keeps your foot in a more natural position. All in the name of comfort and performance with a variety of styles. There's a shoe for everyone. It's comfort. You have to feel to believe. Try Ultra for yourself with a free 30 day trial and free shipping@ultrarunning.com.


This episode is brought to you by Wayfair. Summer is almost here. The days are getting longer and warmer, which means it's time to update your outdoor space and make it feel more like yours. You know, outdoor furniture, I like comfortability. It's gotta be something that if it gets a little rainy, damp, anything, maybe you want stuff that you don't have to cover all the time, just in case it's drizzling for five seconds. You want just a nice, clean, simple, let's all go hang out. It's gonna be getting dark by 8 45 tonight. Let's go hang out. Let's listen to some music. I got the Bushra eight piece sectional seating group with cushions, and that's great. Wayfair Perfect helps you at a time crunch the delivery free fast. Something for every style, every home, no matter what your space or budget is. Wayfair makes it easy to tackle your summer home goals, and you gotta do it right now. 'cause Summer's coming with endless inspiration for every space and budget, including the outdoors. So don't wait until summer's in full swing shop a huge selection of outdoor furniture online. Go comfortable. Go simple this summer. Get outside with Wayfair. Head to wayfair.com right now. W-A-Y-F-A-I r.com. Wayfair, every style, every home.


Wait, we, we don't have a lot of time left because you gotta fly to la. Gotta fly. Yeah. Home. I had gotta New York. I had more topics for you though. We gotta talk Kornheiser. Yeah, because I've never really talked about him on a podcast with somebody who's actually worked with him and spent real time with him. Because I think it's hard. He's a hard person to explain. And it's, and it was interesting thinking about him in the context of around the horn ending, whether that show would go to an hour. And I heard those rumors and I was like, there is no way in a million years Tony will go to an hour unless they pay him some ungodly sum. And even then, I don't even think he'd wanna do it. Dollars Per minute is the stat that Tony Kornheiser values. Yeah. It's like, I'll do it, but here's the pr.


But anyway, you know, I first did TV with him in oh nine, and I'm sure you remember losing your PTI virginity as well. When The date, when? The day I was September oh nine. When were you, Oh my gosh. I think I filled in, this must have been five or six. Bill. I'm old now, man. I don't remember the exact year. So mid 2010 somewhere. Yeah. Exact. No, no, no. It would've been 20 13, 14. Probably 2014. So I did four days. I flew to dc I'm still writing my column. And I was completely terrified. And Kornheiser basically walked me through like a young puppy on a leash on the sidewalks and helped me kind of ba and just sold everything I did.


And by the end of it I was like, all right, I think I actually understand the mechanics of this now. Now it's gonna take years to figure out how to do it, but I get it. It was like the, one of the best educations I ever had in four days. He's the, he's my goat. Tony Izer is to me the greatest of all time. And I say that not because whatever. He would appreciate that I say that because when it comes to a teammate on TV who presents as very hard to win over, right. Once he agrees that he can trust you. Yeah. He is the best salesman of the person across the desk from him. Yeah. In the history of television. And he's smart and he's funny and he's quick. And for all of the things we've been saying, the through line of this episode is also what happens when you get older.


His fastballs still humming, man. I know. It's, I don't like when remarkable. It's like nobody, nobody wants to see me on TV 10 years Side. They wanna get rid of me. I'm like, he said Tony in 2015. And he's wrong about that. He is so sharp still and in not a, I'm grading on a curve because he's like my TV grandpa sort of a way, but merely in the way of, I've done a lot of TV at this point and he is still so fucking good at it. And see, That's the age difference between us. 'cause I was called him Uncle Tony. I'm grandpa And you called him Grandpa Tony. He, Tony grandpa. You were in a different generation. Yeah. Yeah. He went to my wedding. I'm not surprised. I invited him and he said, I'm going to leave at nine 30.


And he left at 9 29. And I'm Amazed it wasn't nine 30. Exactly. Well he, so I, he went around and shook everyone's hand because it was also kind of like he was the guest. He was the celebrity guest. Yeah. And everyone loved it. Tony Kizer to be as just what he is in real life is so much. Anyway, he doesn't want me to say too many things in public about what we talk about personally. But my God, he's so fun to talk to. And the fact that we share him in common as a person that we adore and will be both confused when we have to recap why we did this show.


We probably should have done it sooner anyway. 'cause I've had a good time. Yeah, Man. Like I, But, but yeah, the thing with Tony, I think my favorite thing about him is the phone will just ring you. Very few people where you just get a call and I'll be like, all right, I know this is gonna be 30 minutes, but I'm excited for it. And then he's just, there's no, hello, how are you? No, he's just right into the conversation. It's always a cold open. It's like, what is going on with.dot. And then it's just, you're just kind of doing a show with him. It's the best. But that's why like, you know, I, I actually think PTI is now underrated for People don't understand from a pure metric perspective, the highest rated show in the daytime lineup.


Still, still, we talk about all the other shows a lot. Still. Number one Doing, doing stories that are like 10, 11 hours old compared to like the advantage get up in first take half. Yeah. By the time it gets to those guys, the story's like done. There's been, now in the podcast era, there's a million podcasts that are out every day and people have already reacted and done their thoughts. And then those guys come in and they're the, to me, the, the two of them together, it's like an old married couple that still like works a hundred percent. It's a lot. Inside the NBA is the same way. Like those guys just still work as a group. Yeah. And that's just the way it's Yeah. It's chemistry. It's chemistry. You can't fake it.


Again, you do know it when you see it in that regard. And Eric and Matt, Producers of PTI, and it's the staff and Tony and Mike, they take it again. They take it seriously, but they don't take themselves in the way that they do the show. So seriously. And Tony and Mike, no, but Tony takes one thing. Seriously. And I, I, I can't speak for Mike because I think Mike's, Mike's easygoing. Like they, he would've gone to an hour and been fine with it. Tony's very committed. He's pot committed to the structure. Oh yeah. He won't, Yeah. Yeah. He won't change. They haven't, what's really interesting about that show, they haven't really added anything to the structure. It's still done the same way. That fourth segment with the birthdays and racing through Happys.


Yeah. That's from 2004. I don't know, I don't know how many years it took them to figure it. Tony will not touch that and he will get mad at you and suggest it. Tony refuses to say the words, harden the interruption because he just never liked the name. Yeah. He always says, welcome to PTI, boys and Girls. He notice just like he is, I mean when I say he doesn't take himself seriously, I mean in the sense of he's willing to be laughed at. Yeah. And will be the class clown and perform. And that is a key trait I find in television. But he's also so deeply devoted to why PTI has worked. And I think it's because he and Mike see this as an extension of their journalistic selves.


You know, they're not in locker rooms anymore. They're not at press. Mike's still No, But they still, but but those, they still have the DNA of it. I mean, Tony wrote some of the better features of the late seventies and early eighties. Like he has the whole era that nobody ever remembers Anymore. I was talking to somebody who is not a sports fan, but just read randomly. They were doing research. The Rick Berry one. No, but Rick Berry being an asshole. And that being a Sports Illustrated feature is an all time great story That I thought that was probably the best thing to wrote. What were you gonna say? So I didn't know about this one, but while in LA this weekend, someone who's a big star, bring full circle again, a Star Wars fan was like Tony Izer for the Washington Post, for the style section did a piece about the Empire.


And I'm just like, and it, this person didn't know that Kornheiser did this and like got this column that was so funny and smart and all that. So Like from like 1980. Yes. And like Tony has been out here doing the shit that we say we are innovating new forms of media and its culture and sports colliding. All Tony's been out here doing stuff for whatever year. I mean, it's crazy. 50 years. Yeah. He had, I remember It lasts couple years at ESPN. He had this whole thing he kept saying like, and I was like, you know, pretty close to him at this point. And he would always be like, well when Le when Tony, when Mike and I turned it over to you in Labard. And I was, and finally I got mad at him and I was like, you gotta stop that.


I don't wanna take over a PTI That's your show. You guys are gonna die with that show. Nobody wants to take that show. Nobody wants that responsibility. It's your show. Like the, like stop even thinking that that's, That's the thing is that as much as Tony likes to talk about, oh, take over the thing They're gonna do, the show should die when they don't wanna do it anymore. I think they should. Nobody should take the show over. I Agree. Come up with another idea. I also fully think that the show will die when they die. They literally had the set. They, I mean, they're not gonna stop doing it. Wilbon was doing Get Up, It lasts couple weeks. Like Wilbon made Wil Bond's, motor Wil bond's available. Wil Bond's Motor is a remarkable thing as a prospect.


Wilbon, I don't think there's been a lot of people at that age who've done, who've done it this way. I was always though Year at was doing the countdown with Wilbon and Magic. Those guys were just machines that could come to life on camera. And we could have, we would be like, they would give us like this big meal. You know, they'd give us, 'cause we were taping the show, it'd be like 4 30, 5 o'clock West Coast time. And then we'd have to be there for the basketball come back in so they'd have food and those guys could eat like entire dinners and go out there two minutes later and just, just light up. Yeah. And I was like, that's a skill I'm not sure I'll ever have. And, And by the way, I'll just have a, a small salad because I don't wanna be in a food coma and seem like I'm luggage on this.


Yeah. Farting on air is probably not the best. Yeah. Career Choice. Anyway. So I So you agree with me. That show should die with them. Look, I When they don't wanna do it, I think that should be it for the show. I don't think there's any following them. I don't think that that show could be done without, I think as a fill as as a fill in love being a substitute teacher. Right. Have no illusions that PTI should be mine or whoever else's. Once those guys leave, I wouldn't want that burden. Like talk about being set up to fail. Wouldn't, you know, just being set up to disappoint people.


Like Yeah. I'm not Tony and Mike and I miss them too would be how I felt every time I would fill in as the hypothetical replacement. I'm sorry, I'm here. Yeah. Like, I also wish they were still here. Yeah. It's better when they're in person though. Which we, we were talking about before we started. Like, and that was one of the things COVID really fucked up because the Zoom made it easier. I used to interview everybody. We had all these people coming in and then people asked why I don't do the interviews as much anymore. Which I think we're gonna change 'cause we're building a couple studios, but I just didn't like doing it on Zoom. It's hard. Even like you and I talking today, it was like, we could have done it on Zoom, but it's, you were here and it was like, let's do it in person.


It'll be way better. Yeah. It's like we could have a phone call in which both of us immediately start yelling at each other. Right. Which is what happened. Yeah. But then it led to a conversation that to me, I think clarified that even if Bill Simmons guy I grew up reading may not be a subscriber to my show Conspiracy bill Absolutely is. And I'm so glad the conspiracy bill. Conspiracy Bill, Now he's aware of, he's like, He's subscribed to Conspiracy Bill. He's he's subscribe, he's intrigued. Yeah. I can tell. Well, What, what show, what episode would you want me on? Mm. Would it be like, Oh, I like the way you're thinking Conspiracy Bill? No, what episode? Like what would be the best use of it doesn't have to be Conspiracy Bill, it could be Bill, but what would be the dream episode for you?


There's, there are actual answers to this that I will tell you about as soon as we're done recording. Oh, interesting. Because I, I, I don't think that, I'm not gonna take you up on something that might actually be worthwhile. I'm like corn as I don't really like to travel anymore. I've noticed you maybe come to Nice say the neighborhood we're in or is that my doxing? You, if I say that you made me come to this part of LA Well we're at the Spotify studios in downtown la. Very Convenient. Well that's why we're building studios elsewhere to try to fix some of this. In all honesty, I am very glad you asked me to do this. I too, I, you know, 'cause I felt like, you know, when we do the, the, like any pod we have these little asides, you get caught up, you're trying to make the host laugh, whatever, and then it, then sometimes, you know, I, as, as I explained, I didn't love the Belichick stuff, but I get why you did it.


So I, I think I have a better understanding of the whole thing, which is the whole point of why we wanted to talk. What you're saying is that Bill Simmons finally investigated Bill, Bill Simmons investigated Pablo Torre, thanks for coming on. Appreciate it. You're very welcome. Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Pablo Torre for coming to downtown LA to talk to me. Thanks to the Knicks for doing something interesting for the top of the podcast. And thanks to Eduardo and Gau as well. You can watch this as a video podcast on Spotify. You can watch on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel as well. And don't forget new re watchable new Prestige TV podcast. I'm on those as well. I'm gonna be back on Thursday night with a big juicy fat podcast right after game one of the NBA finals.


In the meantime, if you want more basketball, listen to Zach Lowe. I think he has a new podcast. I think we moved it up to Wednesday and the Ringer NBA guys as well. The Mismatch Racc is gonna be on Friday, so, so we got a lot of basketball content for you this week. A lot of stuff on the website as well. I'll see you on Thursday night. Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in president dc. Gambling problem call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut.


Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 8 3 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 HOPE NY or Text HOPE NY in New York.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra, the official beer partner of the NBA. What do I love about the NBA championship? Well, first of all, I love when the Celtics win, but that's not happening this year. But you know what? I really love the drama, the pressure, everything goes to the highest level. Guys are injured, guys are banged up. Guys are hungry. It just brings out the best of everything. And MLO B Ultra is helping you celebrate like a champion with a chance to win your own limited edition championship bottle. Just like those gifted to the NBA players during the championship parade. Enter now at mlo b ultra.com/courtside/champs bottles Michelob Belcher courtside, Victor Solomon Champs bottles sweepstakes, no purchase necessary open to US residence 21 plus ends June 22nd, 2025. See official rules@michelobbelcher.com slash rules for free entry prizes and details. Message and data rates may apply void. Where prohibited.


This episode is brought to by LinkedIn. During the season, every baseball team plays 162 games. It's a true test of endurance. It's not enough to have a hot month or two. You need sustained dominance throughout. While the same is true for your small business, it's not enough to have a great Q2 or even a great year. You want year over year growth that starts with better hires. That'll be there for the long haul to find those hires. Use LinkedIn. LinkedIn has strong hiring data and insights that you won't find anywhere else to help pair you with the best candidates from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. Based on LinkedIn data, 72% of small businesses say that LinkedIn helps them find high quality talent. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond people who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. If you're not hiring with LinkedIn, find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash Simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions. Apply.