
Pro savings days are back at Lowe's with exclusive member only deals. Right now, save $30 on a little giant extra light plus five foot aluminum stepladder was $109. Now just $79. Plus save an additional $20 on a Metabo HPT pneumatic finish. Nailer, don't miss out on these limited time deals. Lowe's, we help you save ballot three 17 through three 19. Selection varies by location while supplies last.


So you're Bobby Kennedy's lawyer, Bobby Kennedy has been nominated by President Trump to be the Secretary of Health and Human Services. H-A-H-H-S. Bobby Kennedy has a, this is just my quick summary, has a very large constituency in the United States. He's not some anonymous character. He's a guy who's been around for many, many years and has many, many fans. So it's hard for his opponents who are many in Washington to take him on directly. And so they are trying to discredit him preemptively before the vote. This is my read. And the latest way that they have done this is by accusing him and you of trying to limit access of Americans to the polio vaccine.


The one vaccine that most people think is great. I think that's a fair summary. Yeah, I, I I would say they accused us of trying to eliminate, eliminate po the polio vaccine polio vaccine, the New York Times headline was right, that was filed to, to get rid of the polio vaccine. The polio vaccine. That was the headline that everybody picked it up. Welcome To Tucker Carlson Show. We bring you stories that have not been showcased anywhere else. And they're not censored, of course, because we're not gatekeepers. We are honest brokers here to tell you what we think you need to know and do it honestly.


Check out all of our content at Tucker Carlson dot com. Here's the episode. So you are, as we say, objectively pro polio. Oh, In The characterization of the New York Times. It's, it's, it's, it's a classic retort. If you question anything about the safety of these products or even their efficacy or the clinical trials or the postly safety, the typical retort is So you want everybody to have polio, huh? Yeah. Yeah. Desperately, right? Well, kind of a life goal. It's A product. We're just asking questions. Oh, just asking questions. It's not allowed. I've been penalized for just asking questions. No questions. So I, okay. So that's the context for this question. What is your position on the polio vaccines?


And I, I think as you speak, you are also suggesting what Bobby Kennedy might think you are as lawyer, but you tell me. So the, what the New York Times did is they purposefully, knowingly misled the entire country into believing that a petition that I filed on behalf of a client, not my petition, my my client's petition, not Mr. Kennedy, he was not the client. A petition I've never spoke to him about ever. Nor did my client sought to eliminate the polio vaccine. That was the headline. And therefore, because I'm Mr.


Kennedy's lawyer, in some instances, my firm has almost 80 people. We have lots of clients, including Mr. Kennedy, including many others. And because we filed this petition on behalf of a different client, nothing to do with him that questioned one polio vaccine, by the way, and it's licensure, and only ask the children, I'll get into that somehow he wants to get rid of the polio vaccine. And they knew it was untrue. And they published it for the following simple reason, first of all. And, and, and if they didn't know this, they're not fit to be a high school newspaper. Okay? One, the petition only sought review.


And this was a petition to the FDA only sought review as to one of six licensed polio vaccines. And only as to children. Why? What was the basis of the petition? Which by the way should have been the headline, this particular polio vaccine licensed in 1990, not the Salk vaccine. It's not the Saban vaccine, it's not the vaccine that you think of when you hear the polio vaccine. Okay. This vaccine was based on a novel technology. You need to grow a virus in some kind of cultural medium. Here they use something called Vero cells. These are chromosomally modified monkey kidney cells that are rendered immortal, just like cancer cells.


That means they'll grow forever, just like cancer cells. And they end up as an ingredient in every single vial. The clinical trial relied upon to license this brand new novel polio vaccine in 1990. Reviewed safety for literally three days after injection. Three days. That sounds incredible. That sounds like it cannot be true, but it is on the FDA website on behalf of my client. We FOIA the FDA for all the clinical trial reports, for the summary basis of approval. We, we tortured them for years basically saying, come on, there's gotta be more than this. You license it based on three days of safety review in the clinical trial after injection with no control group.


There's no way you could know the safety of this product before you license it to be injected. Meaning no Control Group. There was no control group. Isn't It control group of prerequisite for a scientific experiment, Because You need a baseline. What do you compare it to? It, The, The best you could do is compare it to the background rate, which is almost impossible because then you'd have to figure out the background rate for that exact demographic. It essentially renders the trial useless for safety. But here's the thing. Even if they had a control group, Tucker, even if they did with three days of safety review, what, what are you reviewing? It takes weeks often for even any immune dysregulation caused by the product to appear just like it takes at least many weeks for you to build up, let's say antibodies.


So the target antigen in the vial. Exactly. If you're gonna have self attacking antibodies, those take weeks as well to develop. And oftentimes when you're giving it to a baby, this product is given at two, four, and six months. If they're gonna have an immune dysregulation, if they're gonna have a developmental issue, you're not gonna know that for years. Asthma's not even diagnosed until a few years of age developmental issues or take years. And so, you know, a lot of the issues that we see, I, I mentioned, you know, my firm's got about 40 people that just do vaccine work. We do other things, but we, they just do vaccine work. And so, and, and, and we don't represent pharmaceutical companies. So as far as I know, we have the biggest vaccine practice in the world that doesn't represent pharmaceutical companies.


One of the practices we have is vaccine injury claims. We don't sue pharmaceutical companies. You can't, they have immunity to liability since 1986, the only product like that. But you can't sue the federal health authorities in this little program. And so, you know, our, a lot of the injuries that we see when we do that work are immune or immune mediated neurological disorders. And those things are not going to appear until typically a few days after vaccination. So this trial, going back to this polio vaccine called this, this, that was a subject of this petition, it was utterly useless to determine its safety. So I'm a couple quick questions.


Please. I've never heard of that. I've never heard of an experiment without a control group in three days is obviously inadequate to judge the, the safety of or the efficacy for that matter of a product. So how did federal health regulators sign off on that? You know, that's an excellent question. Why would the FDA agree to license it? Right. It's, it's a great question. And we could talk about regulatory capture. We could talk about the ideological beliefs that the folks who are involved in Sibr and which is the biologics division of the FDA. And within that, there's a office called the OVVR. That's the, where the vaccines are actually licenses are reviewed.


And I've met some of the folks who've been in that department, and they're, they're very much, I don't know if the right, I guess ID logs, you know, they believe almost a priority priority in the safety of these products, even when they're experimental to such a degree that I guess they let products like this. And, and I should tell you if you think that Because they believe the category of products is so virtuous that the details aren't important. I, I, I, I'm, I'm speculating, right. The, the, the, the important point is they did it. Wh why they did it, we could speculate on, but they did it. Well, Sue, I do. But I do want to ask you to pause and try to solve a mystery that I've been thinking about for a long time.


And I, and I don't, I really don't understand it. What accounts for the religious attachment of certain people, particularly affluent, well educated people, to vaccines as a category? I mean, there are a million medicines out there and prophylactics, And there are all kinds of treatments for all kinds of diseases. But people take a kind of cooler, less emotional view of them. And chemotherapy, you know, saves lives, but they're downsides to chemotherapy. And most people are like, you know, kinda weighing it out. Is it worth taking chemo or not? Right? But vaccines quickly become religious like, you know, almost immediately. Like you, even the word has an emotional power that no other treatment or medicine does.


And, and this has been true for a long time. Why is that? What is that? Well, I'm, I can, Have you noticed this, by the way? Absolutely. I, it, it's, it's ironic. There's an irony in the following way. Those who often don't want to receive vaccines, I find ha are the ones not always who have taken the time to really look at the clinical trials, the post licensure safety to understand these products more objectively. The CDC will tell you that the people who have the highest rates of completely unvaccinated kids are ones with PhDs and, and are highly educated, often in the sciences. So what are they learning? What are they understanding that cause 'em not to receive these products?


And so I find the quote unquote, those who oppose vaccines, you know, whatever pejorative one wants to use about them, They're the ones who believe the science Oftentimes. And that's just not me saying it. I mean, I'm saying that they, when they survey, 'cause they've tried to identify, well who are the populations refusing these products? They, they find it's the, they're, they're disproportionately highly educated. There are some folks who don't have access to care And they just don't get it 'cause they Don't get it, of course. Right. But those who consciously choose, typically very highly educated. Now to now answer your question, which is, have I seen religion almost when it comes to these products? Yes, I have. But it comes from the often the side of the folks who wanna make you get them, force people to do it.


You must believe what I believe about these products. That's that's right. You must submit. How dare You ask questions? Do not ask questions. You must just believe. And you often hear it in the following. I've never heard people say, I believe in statins. Believe. Well, that, that's Exactly the point, right. I believe I believe in vaccines. That's the language they use. It's the language of religion and, alright. And you're asking me to speculate, so I'll speculate, which I, you know, I prefer, usually prefer not to do. But it is for a lot of people, and I found this with a lot of the vaccinologist who in, you know, who I've deposed and interacted with, they're often, a lot of them are atheists. And maybe they were brought up in a certain religion, but they have now become atheists.


And I think when somebody doesn't have religion in their life, any religion, they don't believe in God. Some God ends up with a, an empty space that needs to be filled with something. They have to believe in something. How do you not believe in something in this life? You have to have meaning. It's, it's gotta be a really dark place to not believe, to believe everything came from nothing. And if you do, I, you know, I'm, I'm speculating that vaccines start holding a place of religion that they look to it as, see, this saved us. This is what saved humanity. And I, and, and I think there's maybe some degree, a degree of that, that this notion that vaccines are, especially those in the medical profession.


And, and I'll give you an example. You know, I'll use the example of measles. Okay? The great killer that you'll often hear, you know, they make you feel like everyone's gonna die if You don't get measles vaccines. Well, here's the thing. Public health authorities should take credit for the decline in measles deaths in America. They should, but they should take credit in the following way between the year 1900. This all on the CDC website when I'm about to tell you, and the year 19 60, 61, 62, the years before the first measles vaccine America, 1963, the mortality rate for measles declined by over 98%. Yes, by over 98%.


That is, You can just go pull up the mortality data on the CDC website. This is uncontroversial, it's just data. What I just said. Some people get emotional about it, but it's just data. What I just said, why would they get emotional? Well, for the reasons we just discussed, that decline had nothing to do with vaccines. You know how I know there was no measles vaccine? That's how I know what, what, what caused that decline. I I, I think that in part it's the public health health authorities should take a lot of credit for that. Nutrition, sanitation, better sanitation, clean water, getting sewage running outta the streets, right? Right. All of these things, initiatives to make sure that there's natural light.


Like remember all the tenement buildings? Yes. All these initiatives. Even basic things like quarantine. Oh, if you're sick, not that, not the kind of forced kind of stay at home stuff that we're talking about. Just if you're sick, hey, maybe you should stay at home in bed kind of stuff. And so that decline, 98 over 98%, you know, how many people died in the few years on average, a year before there was the first measles vaccine in 1963 when PS of this country were still like the developed world around 400 Americans a year died. That's one in 500,000 Americans died of measles in the years before there were a vaccine. Every death's a tragedy. And measles can still kill people, just like any virus can in parts of the world that are really underdeveloped.


Any virus can kill children, adults. And there were still pockets of America in the early sixties that were like that. But that declining rate of mortality, it was a trajectory that was ongoing even when the measles vaccine was introduced in 63. So those 400 deaths, which have now gone down, how much of that is attributable to measles vaccine? How much of it is to the continued efforts of public health agencies? Right? We, we, that could be debated forever. We don't need to. But the important point is, this long way to answer your question is this, when you listen to public health authorities today, they will say to you, measles is what caused the decline. Measles vaccine is what caused the decline in mortality.


They never talk about those other things that they did. They never talk about the increased sanitation, the, the, the better. All the, all the different effective measures that they took to get it down by 98%. Cleanliness and sunlight, they talk about that last 1%. But they make it seem like the vaccine which caused that last 1% of decline from 1900 or some, I shouldn't even say it, caused it. You could argue it's up to one point something percent was from the measles vaccine. You can't argue it's more than that in the decline. It's not possible. But they ignore that. And the only thing they'll point to is, say measles, excuse me, measles vaccine is what saved us. And that's true of most of the vaccines actually, when you look at the number of people that died in the year before the vaccine, typically the mortality had precipitously declined for diptheria, for tetanus, for almost every disease declined 80 or 80, 90% before the introduc from the year 1900 introduction of the first vaccine.


And oftentimes in the year before, you are down to a dozen or two, maybe months, a dozen or two dozen deaths, you know, for most of these things. So, you know, when you talk about religious beliefs, but yet many in the medical community, they'll say, well, how, how could you not take a vaccine? Millions in America would die. And that's an incredible statistic to think millions in America would die a year for if You don't get vaccinated. Because if you just add up the number of deaths in the year before, every vaccine that is, that is now on the schedule, putting aside covid vaccine because there were hundreds of thousands of deaths and before the vaccine, right?


They say, and You can argue whether the vaccine reduced mortality, though there was all increased, all cost mortality afterwards. Putting aside the flu shot, which the science is clear, doesn't reduce mortality based on numerous or reviews like cor co collaboration, which I understand now is, is owned by the Gates Foundation. So maybe those studies will change soon. You, you're at thousands of deaths, thousands total. And, and, and many of those were occurring in years long before the a. You know, the, the, the current acute care that we provide, the current increases in all the other factors that cause the reduction in mortality to begin with.


So, but nonetheless, this is the only thing they wanna point to is, is vaccines. You know? So I, I think that that's maybe what it is. There's just, it fills a space of they have to believe in something and these products fill that space for them. Because I find a lot of times you can't really have an objective conversation, a a a non-emotional objective conversation with, with, with some people about these products. And they are just


products. How do travelers stay prepared for the unexpected? Well, when you're flying across the country or driving for hours crammed into crowded spaces, and yet most people don't think what they do if they got sick or someone they love got sick. Have you thought about that? Well, now it's the holidays. It's the busiest travel time of the year. And it's also flu season. Everyone's stressed. People are coughing. And if you're unlucky, you could find yourself ill in a place where you need medication. So what do you do about that? Well, thankfully there's a solution that's called jce. Go Jase. JASE Go. It's a compact kit of essential prescription medications for all of those unexpected health emergencies for infections, food poisoning and more. It's designed to go wherever you go. Think about that. Snow hits pharmacies, close flights get delayed. Bad things happen. If you have Js CO, you're covered. There's no scrambling, no worrying. You can be content because you've got peace of mind. So don't wait until you're stuck without essential me medications. It's Christmas vacation. Is there gonna be an ear infection? Probably. So go to jce, go to jce.com/go jse.com/go. Use the code Tucker to get your jce, go with a special discount jce.com/go Code Tucker,


Your data is like gold to hackers. They're selling your passwords, bank details and private messages. McAfee helps stop them. Secure VPN keeps your online activity private AI powered text scam detector spots, phishing attempts instantly. And with award-winning antivirus, you get top tier hacker protection. Plus you'll get up to $2 million in identity theft coverage, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com. Cancel any time terms apply.


Was this review, the, the polio, the one of six licensed polio vaccines in question you said received its license in 1990, that was 35 years ago. Did anyone over the course of 35 years say, wait a second. You know, the process used to evaluate its the safety of this product was like a joke woefully insufficient. Did anyone say anything about it for all those years up until recently? Well, my client, the Informed Consent Action Network, ICAN, has been beating on that drum now for, you know, a, a good eight, almost eight years with the FDA, starting with an extensive letter about all of these shortcomings in 2017.


ICAN was formed at the end of 2016. And you might say, well the vaccine had been licensed for decades at that point. You know, wh why now? Well first ICAN was just formed then to really, to really start looking at these things. And also, you know, in 1986 there was something called the National Child of Vaccine Injury Act that was passed. I'm familiar with that. And basically leading up to 1986, there were only three routine vaccines in the United States. That's it. A child in the first year of life received three injections according to the CDC schedule. Okay. Problem is, is that And what, what were they?


D-T-P-O-P-V and MMR For the layman. What Are those? So one is DTP with is dip the TEUs pertussis. So that's one vaccine, OPV, which is oral polio vaccine. And then MMR is meles measles mumps rubella vaccine. So each of those are counting three, three different vaccines on the market. Three separate products. So that was the state of play as of 1986. That was the state of play. That's it. And they were causing so much financial losses to the manufacturers of those three products. 'cause there were many companies that made those products that all of them went outta business or stopped making them, except there was one company remaining for each of them.


And they were threatening to go outta business too. Now Congress and its wisdom should have let them do what every other manufacturer does for every other product. You make a plane that falls outta the sky, make a better plane, you make you make a car that gas tank blows up, make a better car, you make a drug that's causing people to have all kinds of complications make a better drug. Instead, Congress said, you know what? Actually we'll just make it so nobody can sue you for the injuries for the three products. So these companies had gone outta business because of lawsuits from people who were injured, Were injured. That's right. They were gonna go, yeah, that's right. They were, they were succumbing to incredible financial losses 'cause of the injuries these products were causing.


And so, you know, when you think about it, drugs don't have this immunity, but Congress passed a National Childhood Vaccine Injury Act in 1986. And that gave them immunity for any injuries from those three products. But not only those three products, any other vaccine childhood routine, childhood vaccine that were came on the market thereafter. And so we have gone from three injections in the first year of life on the CDC schedule. Those ones we just talked about two, if you look at the CDC schedule today, you get 29 injections in the first year of life. If, if you, if your child gets all of the vaccines that is currently on the CDCs just in the first year of life schedule.


I'm not even counting the four shots that you're supposed to get in pregnancy now, which didn't exist back in 86. And that assumes you don't get any combination vaccines. That's what you would get. That's the differential between then and now. And in that same time period, we have gone from under 13% of kids in America have a chronic health issue in the early eighties to well over 50% of kids today have a chronic health issue. And many of those issues that have exploded are from 86 to present from 86 to present. Yes. And many of those chronic health issues amongst children that have exploded are immune medi or immune mediated conditions.


Okay. So something has gone wrong with the immune system of our children. I'm not saying vaccines caused that raw, all of that rise. But what I am saying is that we do know that vaccines can cause a number of immune and immune mediated neurological conditions, including some of the conditions that we have seen explode since the early eighties. It's obviously not the only environmental change, right? 'cause something in the environment had to change between the early eighties and today to cause this dysregulation in our children's immune system to cause all this chronic disease. Was it vaccines, was it pesticides? Is it the, all the new chemicals that are come along in our food.


There's a whole host of factors to look at. But when you're talking about immune system dysregulation, looking at the products that came online between 1986 and today, it's pretty critical. And so to answer your question now you said, well, has anybody asked a question about these clinical trial for this polio vaccine? So when my client, I can started really looking at this issue, it said, well, you know, we, we, you know, is, is are the vaccines a contributor? Because given a lot of vaccines in the first year of life, is that's what's causing these immune system issues? Well the place that you go to assess whether a product is safe is its clinical trial.


Why? It's the one time You can determine causation really between a product and a claimed injury. You need a prospective double-blind placebo controlled trial typically, or well-controlled trial. It's okay to use non placebo if you have an existing standard of care that has already been established as safe in a double bunk c patrol trial. Right? Okay. And so that process began by looking at the package inserts and the 58 documents. Well, let's look at what the clinical trial data says for each of these products. Not only because I can wanted to look at that investigation, but also when our clients call our firm And they say, Hey, my kid went in totally healthy, you know, his baby Apgar score perfect goes in 10 minutes after getting a shot, or these shots has a a grand mal seizure, blah, blah, you know, has a cascade of issues.


When we go to vaccine court, the, the program I told you about, 'cause You can't sue the manufacturer. You sue the Secretary of Health immune services. And if Mr. Kennedy becomes, for example, the Secretary of Hs, we'd actually be suing him. Ironically, you see the secretary of HHS and in a program where almost every claim you have to prove causation. I have to prove it. Okay, I don't have an md, I'm a PhD, I'm not, I'm I'm a lawyer. So when I go to court about vaccines, I have to prove things with real evidence. I need good evidence. I don't get to just say stuff. I don't get to appeal to my credentials. Okay? How, how do I prove it starts with clinical trial data? Because everything after licensure is almost all retrospective epidemiological studies.


And those they say can never show causation. You roll into court with those, they're like, well that's, that's just correlation. You can't prove anything with that. And and, and by the way, it's not even like there's a mountain of that stuff. There's, if you go to PubMed and you wanted to research the safety of any particular child, the vaccine, you're not gonna find a lot of studies. I know there's these most robustly studied products, but there's, there's what they say and there's a reality to, to the state of the science. So bringing this all the way back and, and the reality is that they're just not studied very closely. And, and this polio vaccine is a great example. And, and as well as the other two petitions they took issue with in the news recently. So in this one petition, here we are, right, two or 20 something years later, we've got this explosion of chronic health in our children and the manufacturer of this product, this was a novel product at the time, the manufacturer's product 20 something years later still needs immunity to liability.


You still don't know it's safe enough to live that really, it's been how many years, right? So merit's really looking into, look at the clinical trial, like I said, on behalf of I can we FOIA the FDA for all the clinical trial reports. We sent them letters, we did everything we can to give them an opportunity to show us it's more than three days with no control because that is not believable. Meaning if you had said to me, you said, Aaron, come up with the most nefarious thing You can come up with about vaccines. Like just go crazy. I wouldn't even dream of saying that to you because nobody would believe it. It's, it sounds crazy but it's right there.


It is the reality. And so we filed a petition that I think if anybody in America read, if you didn't read the headline of the New York Times, but instead read the actual petition, you'd be like, oh, that's very reasonable. So you license a partic completely novel yes polio vaccine based on essentially cancerous monkey kidney cells that end up as an an ingredient. And you review agent for three days after injection with no control. So the petition said, Hey, FDA, excuse me, can you require a proper clinical trial of this product please, before it's licensed. And it was only asked the children. That's the, the request was in this petition filed on behalf of I can, okay, so lemme address two things.


Wait, so that was the ask just for a clinical trial Before it's licensed for children. Yes. And so what we're asking now, just to, just to understand it's not even like I can wanted to withdraw the licensure of this one product. It's not the point. The clinical trials are done by the manufacturer. They're not done by the FDA. Okay. They're done by the manufacturer. So how do we get the manufacturer to do a another clinical trial that's appropriate? Well you have to, when you file a request with the FDA on their formal docket, like when Pfizer files a request on this formal docket that we use FDA hates that we use it 'cause it's me only pharma companies typically use it. They're like, we'd like to license this product, we would like to change the licensure.


We would like to change that company's licensure because of this. Right? So we use the same document on behalf of I can, and we filed on it and we said, Hey, we want you to take this action but we have to ask them to change some action the FDA took. Well the only action they took was to license it. So the valve to ask them to get them to require a new trial is to say pause or pull the licensure for this one product until there's a proper trial. Okay. It was, it was the legal mechanism to get the good good another trial. It wasn't, the purpose wasn't to get rid of the vaccine. The purpose was to get them to do a proper trial.


And in no universe, to be clear, did we ever think my client, ever think, and I ever think that the FDA would actually pull the licensure? We just hoped thought they'd say, Hey, go do a proper clinical trial. They're onto us. It's now been, that file petition was filed in 2022. It's been years they haven't done it. And I like to make this point very clear, just super clear. I really gotta set this record straight. It's so important. Even if this petition was granted, there is not a single child or adult in America that would not have had access to a polio vaccine. Not one. That is what makes the New York Times headlines absolutely false.


They knew it was false. They intended for the country to be deceived. 'cause they're trying desperately to derail Mr. Kennedy's nomination. And I'll tell, I'll just Well, but hold On. I I know You don't like to speculate as to motive, but it does raise this confusing question. Why would the New York Times AB so opposed to Bobby Kennedy who's a, it's a liberal newspaper, he's a lifelong liberal, was Kennedy was Yeah. Right In their mind. In their minds. Yeah, he is, he's a classical Liberal. Oh, I, I couldn't agree more. And I would say that's compliment. He believes in civil liberties, we all should. But why would the New York Times be willing to lie in order to keep him from getting confirmed?


Why is it so important? I think it's probably a mix like many things in life of a number of factors for sure. I think that it matters whether you're looking at the level of the two reporters that wrote this piece at the level of the New York Times as an organization at the various people between those two reporters and New York Times as an organization that had some hand in that piece before it came out. I think it's probably a blend of ranging from ideology. You know, the, I will tell you these two authors of this article, I mean they, they are in the category of what I would call vaccine zealots. I mean they, I think are incapable of objectively thinking and looking at, do You Remember their names?


Their names are Cheryl and, and Christina and I, I could pull it up if you'd like. Yeah. I just, if people are interested, the first names are, are great people can find it. Yeah. They're, they're, they're right there in the article. You can, but from, you know, over the years and Cheryl, you know, has reached out and you know, it, you, you never have a conversation with somebody and you're like, Hey look, look at this fact right here. And they just, instead of responding to it, they just immediately go to something else, right? Because they can't deal with that fact. So they just bring up something else. I feel like that's a sign to me of a lack of being able to really objectively evaluate the evidence in front of you. And I feel like that that, you know, I, there, there, there's, there's an issue there.


So there's ideology and then there's also, you have to look at, always gotta look at somebody's financial interests, always, right? Because it, it conforms their conduct, whether in one way or another, as objective as we all think we would like to believe we are and we should all strive for it. Financial interests affect us. They do, of course. Yes, they do. And so where does New York Times get some of its financing does do, is there any dollars that flow to their advertising coffers from those who want informed consent, medical freedom? Or is there more dollars that flow from pharmaceutical companies? And so, you know, that's maybe a consideration as well. So what's the answer to that question? Oh, it's obviously more from the, the, the fin, the, the, the medical pharmaceutical industry flows.


The New York Times. I don't believe that there are many medical freedom and form consent organizations with a lot of money. There's no, so I don't think that's there. But Is pharma a big advertiser? I I don't know the percentage, but I know, I mean, I've seen ads. So I I I've not dug into it. I I have not engaged in trying to answer the question you just asked me. So you ads you asked me speculate. So speculated, you know what I mean? Again, whatever their motives are, they did it. And the reason that I, and just to, you know, I'll wrap up the point of why they knew it was false and why it was false is that the petition only asked for it, the reevaluation as to children, which would've meant even if the petition was granted, it would've made available for all adults in America licensed.


Okay. Which would've meant it would've remained off-label use for all children. Right? So nobody would've been deprived in America for even that one vaccine we asked about. But putting that aside, there are five other licensed vaccines for children polio on the CDC schedule is given at 2, 4, 6 months of age and four years of age. And there are five other shots You can get at those intervals 'cause they're given with other vaccines at those, at those time periods. So it, so it, it, it would've taken them two seconds of thinking to know their headline of the polio vaccine is gonna be eliminated was absolutely a lie. Why do, I mean, I, I mean, why do you think they did it?


Because I think Bobby Kennedy, well, I, because I the some of 'em are vaccine zealots. I I think that's right. I've certainly seen a lot of that. But I also think there's something about the way he assesses facts and history that's terrifying to a certain sort of person who's very vested in the current system, who's a rigid dogmatic thinker. A lot of them are, a lot of the dumber people are rigid and dogmatic, in case you haven't noticed. It's, it's a, it's a sign of mediocrity in my opinion, but it's very common in our professional class and Bobby, like Trump is the kind of person who assesses things on the basis of what he sees and doesn't necessarily genuflect before.


You know, the pieties that all of us have to, who are required to, you know, whoever's supposed to say he doesn't necessarily go along with that. And that temperament is incredibly threatening once you start asking questions, you know, are these products safe? You might wind up asking other questions like, why do we have nato? Or like, how was John F. Kennedy murdered? Like what was that? I mean, there's just people who ask uncomfortable questions in one area are likely to ask uncomfortable questions in other areas. And if your entire system is built on lies, that's, you know, a huge threat.


Well that, that's my personal view. I'll build on that then, which is when you look at the last 40 years, who has been one of the big supporters in many ways of the, of, of, of what's occurred, right? You don't often, a lot of times you'll see the New York Times supportive of what the HHCS administration has been doing over the last 40 years and where's that gotten us over the last 40 years. Let's think about this for a second. So under the, under the, under the, a current approach that's been going on, which Bobby stands in opposition to in many ways, right? And, and I'm not talking about just vaccines, I'm talking about the way business is done across health.


Exactly right. I'm not talking about just vaccines right now. When you look over the last 40 years, we've gone, we've already talked about child chronic health gone exploding, right? Which is, you know, suffering on a micro scale, you know, each one of these families that has a kid with a chronic health issue. It's devastating when we have families with a vaccine injury kid. It's, it's, it's a devastating event. But then there's also the macro issue too, which is we got $35 trillion in debt. We have almost 2 trillion a year of that we can't cover of what we spend in this country. We're bringing in four point something trillion in revenue and, and, and just one agency CMS that does Medicare, Medicaid is almost $1.7 trillion of our $6 trillion budget.


And when you look at the growth curve of that agency alone, yeah, it's just skyrocketing. We are, you know, if a few countries stop using our dollars or national reserve currency, we could be in a death spiral. I mean, this is how empires fail and, and what is driving a massive component of our national debt. It's healthcare spending and it's gonna rise and it's gonna increase. And, and really Congress unfortunately has in many ways rigged the rules for Medicaid and Medicaid. So it's really hard to reduce the total spend other than getting people healthier. And that is what Bobby wants. That's all he's focused on.


He has no interests that, you know, that extend, you know, my experience with him. Beyond that, the ma he's genuinely committed to helping people and saving people. And I think you're right. He stands against what, what has brought us to this place. And, and, and in many ways, I guess, you know, you're right in that if he's right, if, if there are a whole host of things that our health agencies have been doing or ignoring or not proper studying, and I'm talking about everything right now, it would show that the New York Times and all of these papers have not been doing their job. It was Five years ago this month that people started to drop dead in the central Chinese city of Wuhan.


Five years since the beginning of Covid, tens of millions dead societies, reordered completely economies destroyed. And yet for some reason we still don't know answers to the most basic questions. Where did this virus come from? How did it get here? Why did the government tell us to do things they knew wouldn't work? None of those questions have been adequately answered. And one man knows those answers. His name is Dr. Tony Fauci. Until now, nobody has really pressed and now a documentary filmmaker called Jennifer First is out with a new film explaining exactly what happened. The film was called Thank You Dr. Fauci. Jennifer first spent years trying to get answers. And in that time as he awaited Dr.


FCIs response, he went through tens of thousands of pages of documents and pieced together the story, which is shocking. We are proud to host that documentary here on TCN from December 20th to January 19th. You will see it exclusively here on TCN again, it's called Thank you Dr. Fauci. And it's worth it. So just to, just to kind of tie bone the New York Times story element of this conversation.


They made the claim that you were, you and Bobby Kennedy are a pro polio. What other claims did they make? They also said we were trying to get rid of Hep B vaccines. Hmm. And then they pointed to a yet another petition that I could talk about because again, a petition, what we filed with regards to Hep B vaccines. And again, only with regards to two of them, there are others. Okay. So there were not about all hep B vaccines. And again, it was filed on behalf of our client. I can not on behalf of Mr. Kennedy, he had knew nothing about it. He had nothing to do with it. Right. So the association with him is totally false and it would've allowed have left Americans without access to Hep B vaccine.


So that was false too. What did the petition actually ask for? Well, let me tell you because that's what should have been the headline. The headline should have been the following in the New York Times FDA licenses Hep B vaccines for infants and toddlers based on clinical trial with five days or less of safety monitoring after injection and no control group. That should have been the headline that is patently insufficient to determine safety. And I think anybody that reads the petition that was filed at the FDA would find it eminently reasonable because it doesn't just say you did this. It starts with, in 2017, we said to you, how could you do this?


You didn't really do this. Give us documents. And then they gave us an answer And they didn't provide anything of substance. Then we did it again on behalf of I can. And we FOIA them, then we sued them and we on behalf of, I can, we did this for years. And then we finally brought the petition again saying, come on, you gotta require proper clinical, a clinical trial. Again, this is, yet these were two vaccines that also came online during that period between 1986 and now they were part of the explosion of chronic health condition. Let's make sure they're really safe in the way to do that as a proper clinical trial. The New York Times also accused us of wanting to get rid of a bunch of other vaccines. Okay? 'cause there was a third petition that was followed the FDA, again, after a lot of back and forth and that petition, I think most people, again would find eminently reasonable.


That petition was based on a peer-reviewed study that came out by the world's leading aluminum expert and four of his colleagues. And what did this paper find in this peer-reviewed journal? It found that amongst 10 childhood vaccines, there was far more aluminum adjuvant in the vial or far less in the vial than what was on the FDA label for those vaccines. Hmm. So you got a label, the FDA approved label, it says it's got 0.5, let's say micrograms, but there the finding was that it had double maybe inside of it. That's a serious concern. Aluminum adjuvants are neuro and cytotoxic.


They're what you use to induce autoimmunity in lab animals. Okay? They're not something, they're not like candy. You know, if I just injected you with just dead pieces of proteins, right from a pertussis bacteria, your body would probably, in macrophages and dendritic cells, they'll probably just gobble it up and throw it away as garbage. Because to have a real immune reaction, you have to have cellular death. Okay? You have to have cellular. How and how do bacteria cause cellular death? They're replicating and killing cells. Viruses, they're taking over cells. But if you have just dead pieces of protein in the vial, it's not gonna do much. So they include aluminum adjuvants, aluminum is bound to silica acid in the ground. Humans not come into contact ever with aluminum throughout all human history, for the most part, until we, not long ago in, in the scale of human history, we started or mining it and separating f silica acid.


Most metals that you come into contact with the environment have a human function like iron, right? Magnesium, your body has some mechanism. It uses it for aluminum has no biological function in your body. Zero. That's why when you have an aluminum can, you know how it can like survive forever and bacteria and virus don't grow 'cause it's toxic to life. Okay? People think of aluminum like as if it's ubiquitous. Like it's because it's now ubiquitous in our, you know, but, but the, so aluminum, imagine having too much or too little is problematic. And the aluminum that you ingest is usually an ionic form. You know, like in the periodic table elements, it's like tiny, you know, tiny, tiny piece of aluminum.


So if this cup was an ion of aluminum that you ingested, which you know, wouldn't cross the blood brain barrier, which your body could, you know, use its pathways to get rid of a piece of aluminum adjuvant would be like the size of this whole city we're sitting in. Okay? On the micro scale, it's massive. So it gets injected into your arm with the vaccine in the, it's in the vial to cause cellular death at the injection site. Okay? So that your, your blood neutrophils come pouring out and you have that inflammation that you see when you have an infection, it gets red and that's your immune system working. And, and those, those aluminum manages are bound to the antigens.


So when your macrophages and dtic cell, those are immune system cells, take them and go to your lymph nodes to create antibodies, adaptive immunity, right? After they're done doing that, where does the aluminum adjuvant go? Well, let me tell you, the CDC and others have done studies where they inject aluminum adjuvant into animals and then they sacrifice them, you know, they mark the aluminum management with like a fluorescence so they could see where is it afterwards And they can, you know, shine it on the animal. It ends up at all their organs, their brain, their lungs, their, their heart everywhere. So that's not good, you know, having a a a a that kind of material deposited is not good. So You don't want too much of it in a vial. Okay. I'm not saying what kind of harm, I'm just saying You don't want too much and you don't want too little because that presents efficacy Issues.


Right. And even safety issues. So the petition, all it asked for, and I know might've been too much detail about aluminum, but, but the, the petition, all it asked for is says, said, Hey, FDA and if you read it, the ask was this, please confirm, please provide documents that confirm that the amount of aluminum management in the vial of these 10 trial vaccines matches what's on the product label. And if you can't and you don't have that documentation and you can't show, then pause distribution until you do. 'cause that's a serious safety issue and efficacy issue. You're giving kids vaccines that might have safety concerns, like a shot in the dark in many ways and also may not even be efficacious, may not even produce the immunity you're looking for.


That petition was filed years and years and years ago, and still they've not confirmed it one way or another. Again, the f the point of these petitions was not to actually stop the distribution of these vaccines. I can n didn't wanna do that, it just wanted them to do proper safety studies. That's really it. The legal mechanism was to say, pause it so that they then would require the science. Otherwise there's no legal mechanism to get the FDA to do the things it should have been doing. And I would like to think we could all agree that, you know, when you go to the store and you get a box of Captain Ke cereal and you read the ingredients, what's on the ingredients should match what's in the box.


Right? And in the case of the third petition, it wasn't just that you showed the safety testing was inadequate, you, there was evidence of an actual problem. The ingredients didn't match the label Absolutely. Right. By by the world's leading aluminum scientist. That's that's right. So, but the headline wasn't FDA shirks its duties to assure product safety FDA. No, it was, you know, by implication, Mr. Kennedy wants to ban vaccines, which is complete and utter nonsense. So The purpose of this piece was obviously not to report the news or tell the truth or, you know, get to the heart of anything. It was to stop Bobby Kennedy's nomination at the confirmation stage.


What has it been effective? I, well, that is why I, I'm, you know, I'm on your show to, to make sure everybody understands that the New York Times deceived this entire country about what's in those petitions deceived the country about their connection to Mr. Kennedy. It has nothing to do with him. And I, I do not think, I do not think thank thankfully because of, of folks who are willing to actually cover the truth. And thank goodness there is media that's willing to cover the truth about this. I I, I don't think it will hurt him. But, but had it, if we were 15 years ago And there was no alternative media as it's called. That's right.


That's right. And the New York Times ran the story and everybody else picked it up. Who would I talk to to tell the truth? Who could I go on? Who would I speaking with, right? I'd be, I'd be, I'd be in my office just talking to the wall. So I, I, you know, it's, I'm very thankful that there's, there are those, you know, and I'm thankful to the, to the, and and the alternative media that's hosted me as well as others, you know, who have hosted me. You know, you know, Fox put me on to talk about this. Chris Cuomo had me on to his credit to talk about Friend News Nation. And, and, and the Wall Street Journal just published an op-ed to their credit, i the arrivals of the New York Times. I don't know. So maybe that helped as my understanding. So, you know, and it was an op-ed it wasn't a, a piece, but fine.


So my hope is that, no, I don't think it's gonna hurt him because I, I, I like to hope and think the senators will look at the actual facts at the end of the day on this. And they'll realize this, this, it just wasn't true what was in this article. There's, you know, there's just no truth. There's just no truth to the claim that he wants to get rid of vaccines. He just wants transparency And he wants good science and we should all want that. I wanna ask a specific question that's bothered me for a long time. So 1986 Congress grants blanket immunity to the vaccine manufacturers. They cannot be sued. The, you know, those are not the only products people sue over. Of course, the trial bar, which was, you know, famously the most powerful along with the teacher's union is the most powerful single constituency in the Democratic party.


'cause it gave the most money. You know, they've lobbied to make it easy to sue over anything. You know, OBGYNs go outta business because, you know, they get sued. Why haven't they complained about this? It's a great question. It, I, I mean that I i I just think that there's, it's, there aren't many plaintiff's firms that have made a line of business in it. So it's not like they had this line of cases and business suing on vaccine injuries and now you've taken it away. I mean, there were a few doing it obviously back in the early eighties, but I think you're talking about like in the decades since, why hasn't the trial bar done this?


You know, maybe it's a blend of ideology and it's also, none of the big plaintiff's side firms have a vaccine injury practice. And the ones that do have gotten used to maybe the existing system, but It's just weird. I mean, Sue over talcum powder, asbestos tobacco slip and falls, I mean, you name it, playground equipment manufacturers, the rest of the medical establishment gets food constantly. But nobody thinks, well wait, everyone knows there are a lot of vaccine injuries. That's not a controversial point. It's known. And no one, no lawyer thought, well wait a second, you know, we need to lobby to change this law because we could save people and make a ton of money.


I just think it's very strange. I Well, I I, I, you asked me a lot of questions that are complex and don't require a lot of speculation, but, you know, maybe part of it is that you said the trial bar has a lot of lobbyists, right? And, and influence, but Yeah, they do. But, but pharma and, and, and health, the healthcare industry has my understanding over 2000 lobbyists. My understanding is they have the most lobbyists of any industry out there double is my understanding in terms of dollars, if I'm, I'm, don't quote me on this one 'cause but you should look it up. I think last I heard, and this should be verified, double the next in line, which I thought was like oil and gas industry.


So I don't know where trial lawyers stand in that, in that thing, but I, I suspect those who would benefit from keeping that immunity probably have far more influence. And that's probably why it stays in place. It's just very strange because, you know, all of us, well, thanks to propaganda from organized lawyer lobbies have been told from birth that, you know, the civil law keeps us safe. You know, if you make a crappy product, if, again, if, as you said, if your gas tank blows up, some lawyer's gonna sue the car manufacturer and you'll get a safer car. That is, that is how product safety works. When you look at countries that don't have, you know, basically market-based systems, how do their products get safer?


They didn't go look back at other countries. In that way. The way that products get safer is the company's and economic interest, which is a good thing. Meaning their economic interest aligns with safety. I make a car, I make a drug, I wanna make sure that it's as safe as I can make it so that I can still make money when I sell it and not face exposure downstream. That will make me with a end up with a loss. Well, I'm glad you said drug too, because it, this immunity applies only to vaccines or lots of drugs right out. There's some of them have, you know, all of them have side effects. Some of the side effects are scary as hell, but they're still on the market And they're given to only very small groups of people.


Exactly. So you have drugs given to small groups of people, like you said, can go side effect And they can survive. But a product that you give to millions, often by coercion, by school mandates every single year promoted by the federal government. You can't make a profit on, you don't have to pay marketing budget 'cause the government does it for you. You don't have to worry about selling it. Promoting it, because they're mandating it to go to school. Millions have to take it. You're raking in billions a year and you still can't turn a profit without the immunity. I mean, it is, it's a very troubling reality. It's part of the reason that drove that petition. I will give you, I will, I'm gonna put how this into, I'm gonna how Profitable, but just just to clear up something you said, how profitable are vaccines?


The, the, the, the vaccine industry profits to the tune of billions of dollars a year. So it is a legitimate profit center for the pharma companies. Oh, Absolutely. Oh my goodness. And and since the early eighties, it is becoming an increasingly large percentage of their portfolio. In particular for Sanofi, Merck, GlaxoSmithKline, and Pfizer. Those four in particular are make most of the childhood vaccines and vaccines in America. And their portfolio, their percentage of portfolio has been increasing. Because imagine I came to you and I said, Hey Tucker, I got a business idea for you. Okay, you ready? You wanna hear it? Listen to what we're gonna do. We're gonna put out this product. Okay. Like what is it? Don't worry about it. But we inject into people. Well, why would people take it?


Well, the government's gonna mandate it. Oh, okay, great. Well is it safe? Don't worry about it because they're gonna give us immunity. Well, I mean, what if people like start attacking us in the media? Don't worry. Federal government's also gonna promote it for us as well as all 50 health agencies. You'd be like, well lemme get this straight guaranteed market immunity to liability. It's a no brainer. So obviously yes, vaccines, but why have increased? Why did the 86 law passed as a public service in the name of public health? Why did it allow vaccine manufacturers to profit? So in Right, you, you get a immunity shield, but you're not allowed to get rich off it. That seems fair.


Well, what they did was, is that they left the financial incentive to make more vaccines, but they didn't leave the financial incentive That makes them make more vaccines that are safe. Exactly. So what they did is they took away the one true way you assure product safety. And to be clear, there is no other product on the market that's like this. And lemme draw this into sharp contrast for you. Okay, Pfizer, according to Money Inc's top five selling drugs. Okay? When you look at that list for them are drugs. One's a vaccine, this not including Covid vaccine. Okay. Enbrel, Eliquis and so forth. If you go to the FDA website, everybody should do this. And I'm like, I actually have a chart on this, on my Twitter feed. Okay? And, and, and You can see what was the clinical trial relied upon to license that?


Those four drugs, right? The top five selling Pfizer products, most of those clinical trials were relied upon to licensed products. Were multi-year placebo controlled trials. Why would Pfizer do that? Why would Pfizer do that with those products? But when you look at vaccine products, and again, you, you, this is gonna sound crazy, but I'm telling you it's right there on the FDA website. Most childhood vaccines are licensed based on days or weeks of safety review after injection. Virtually never a placebo control group ever. Or sometimes no control or a control that makes no sense. And often underpowered, meaning you don't have enough kids in it to really assess if there's even an issue.


So why would Pfizer have multi-year placebo control trial for its drugs? But all these vaccines are put out with just ridiculous, like this polio vaccine we talked about. Okay? It's because Pfizer wants to know whether or not those drugs are gonna cause harm after they're licensed. 'cause if it does, they're on the hook. They don't wanna end up upside down financially. They don't wanna lose money on those drugs. So before it goes on the market, they make sure they want those trials. Forget you asked me before about the FDA, forget the FDA, that's what economic interest does. It conforms the conduct of the company to assure safety. And that's a great thing. That's part of why our market system works well with regards to product safety.


People talk about the lawsuits. Yeah, the lawsuits are there, but it's not the lawsuits that make them safe. It's the fact that they wanna make money. And most of safety happens before the lawsuit. It happens before the product even goes to market. The company cares. They test it, they evaluate it, they don't wanna face the liability and be upside down. But when it comes to vaccines, they don't have that interest. When you look at most lawsuits that big companies face, the board members face the officers face oftentimes 'cause they cause a financial loss. Right? You ever hear of a lawsuit of securities class action because a company was immoral or was unethical? No, it's because they lost money. It's because they didn't do things to maximize money in many ways. And so that's what conforms, that's what drives corporate conduct, drives the companies to make decisions about what they're gonna do.


And you have a company that's making a a product. When they make the drug, their, their fiduciary duty to their shareholders is to make sure they test that properly. But their fiduciary duty to their shareholder when it comes to the vaccines, is to test them as little as possible. Because if they do test them And they find a problem, then they can't make money from it. They might not get to market. They would actually be kind of, in some ways, forget ethics and morality. They would in many ways violate their eth their, their fiduciary duty to their shareholders to, to test the vaccine too much. If they know too much And they know too much that then it won't get licensed. It's a perversion of it. And then after, so not only did they gut, not only did they gut the, the, the economic interests, there is one other way you assure product safety.


It's a far weaker way. It's not very good, but it's there. And that's regulators And they have a role to play. They have a role to play. But the regulators here are completely conflicted because HHS, the Department of Health and Human Services is the Department of the federal government in which you have the CDC, the FDA, the NIH, all of the health agencies, okay? And it's, it is responsible for promoting vaccines. So it's responsible for the safety of vaccines and promoting vaccines. Those are in conflict. For example, you think, for example, the department of the Department of Transportation is responsible for promoting transportation. So they go to the airlines And they say, Hey, make more planes.


Get more planes in the sky, have more airports, you know, and so forth. But who's responsible for safety? If there's a crash, the N-T-S-B-A completely different agency, you separate them. It's hard for me to shake your hand with industry. I'm the government. I say, Hey, make more planes, and at the same time slap you and say, Hey, you're out of they, it's hard to do the same role. So you separate, or the Department of Energy is responsible for promoting nuclear power in America, but there's an atomic energy. The nuclear regulatory, excuse me. Yeah, Thank you. It was responsible for the safety of nuclear power plants. They completely separate this function with vaccines. They're not separated.


And additionally, not only do they not separate those absolutely diametrically opposed duties, you cannot have the same department response for both. One will win out more than that. Remember what I told you earlier, the 1986 act that I referenced did create a very narrow path for some compensation. If your vaccine injury, but you sue the Department of Health and Human Services, the secretary, you are suing the very same federal health department that is responsible for safety. So if, and, and, and they're represented by a little law firm called the Department of Justice. You might have heard of them. Okay, so you're fighting against the Department of Justice in this program where there's no discovery for, let's put that aside. The important point is this, it is the only product that I know of where the government defends the product and the industry and the companies against the consumer and the citizens.


And that creates an incredible conflict. So if they do any study Tucker, think about it. If they do a study that shows this vaccine causes asthma or causes an increase in some serious issue, what are the, the few lawyers that that, that engage with vaccine injury in this program gonna do as an admission against interest? They're going to use those studies, those science to get liability against who the federal government for those vaccine injuries. It's an incredible conflict. If I bring suit against the secretary of HHS on behalf of someone who's vaccine injured and I win, where does the money come from? So there is a tax, 75 cents is paid for every vaccine dose.


And that goes into a fund. That fund has about $3 billion right now. It's paid out, you know, I think over 4 billion to date with a cap of 250,000 in pain and suffering and a cap of 250,000 for death claims. And so it comes out of that. It's called the vaccine injury conversation. So the manufacturers are not On the hook for it. They still are not on the hook for it. No. So, so The system's even more grotesque than you described. There's a product made by a publicly traded company, a private company non, you know, non-government. The government requires its citizens to buy the product. The manufacturer product cannot be sued if the product is faulty.


And if someone's injured, they have to fight the government to get paid. And when they do get paid, the manufacturer doesn't have to pay. Right. And well, and I'll add to it in that this, when you sue the government, it's not like you get an Article three judge, you know, article one, two, and three of the Constitution. Article three created the judiciary. There are judges that are, you know, that, that are nominated and confirmed by the Senate. You don't get an article through judge, you get something called a special master in this program, which is, i i I will submit is in many ways policy driven. So there are things that'll compensate. There are things they won't, they don't wanna compensate dead babies as basically almost on a policy basis. Okay? They, they, there are things, wait, why?


Well, that would, people won't vaccinate. Come on. I mean, ideology around these products is very strong. I I, I'm, I'm that I don't joke about, I mean, people are very ideological around these product. They believe without vaccines, everyone will die. I mean, that's the typical retort. Oh, you want a proper clinical trial, everyone will die and get polio. Oh, you, you filed a petition on a novel polio vaccine from 1990 and that would've left nobody without a polio vaccine. Even if granted that just asked for a proper clinical trial. Oh, you want everybody to get polio and die? I mean, this is the, you just saw it happen. It's your own eyes. But You can be For vaccines.


I'm not sure I am, but you could be. Many people are, I always have been and still demand good vaccines. I'm for cars. I, I think it's fair to expect they're not gonna blow up. I don't under, it doesn't even make sense. I Don't understand what, what that means, by the way, to be pro for or against vaccines or pro or anti-vaccine. I mean, I'm not for or against cars. I'm not pro or anti-car. Cars have a purpose. They have a function. Sometimes I want to use 'em, sometimes I don't. If you wanna like park it in my bedroom, I don't want it. I mean they just, it's just a product. And this is the problem. This is what I'm talking about is that they're just a product. They're a product. They were not given to Moses at Sinai. They're a product made by companies.


And the problem is, is that people just can't talk about them objectively. Like it's, it's a problem. And it feeds into, so you said, I think that this program in the federal government, they, they also are part and parcel of the overall object. Lemme put it this way. Agencies set policy, the C d's not a science organization, it's a political organization. What do political organizations do? They set policies and then they subscribe And they follow them. Exactly. Okay. So the CDC for example, I'll give you a great example. There's something called the MMWR. It's, it's what they call it their scientific publication. It's what I call their newsletter.


Okay? And, And they publish studies in it, alright? And those studies are often used to then set c, DC policy. But here's the thing, they don't go through a a peer reviewed process. They go through something called, this is all in the CDC website, a clearance process within CDC. And one of those steps is that the study must align with the CDC policy. Come on. I'm not joking. I I I'm not joking. I, I, I I, well, how's that science? It it's not science. It's the perversion of science. I've written about this, I've substack about it, I've tweeted about it, you know, but I'm, I don't have your platform. But it's the perversion of science. I mean, but that is the reality of the MMWR and I, I'll give you an example of how this plays out in the, in the lives of everyday Americans.


Do You remember at the beginning of the COVID-19 pandemic, when the vaccines first came out, the COVID-19 vaccines. And the CDC came out with all this guidance about how natural immunity is useless. It's worthless. You gotta get the vaccine no matter what. And so they, the, their, their guidance to the public and, and the states around this country, luckily not all of them followed it. And they said, okay, if you've been vaccinated, you're allowed to have your civil and individual rights. You've had covid, you're not allowed to have your civil and individual rights. How do they get to that conclusion? They were at that point, numerous peer reviewed studies around the world with millions of people in them that showed natural immunity was more protective than vaccine immunity.


But what did the CDC do? They went And they did this 300 person basically case controlled retrospective nonsense of a study. We, we could do a whole show on that one study. We could pull it up and you and I could sit here and we could read it and you could spend your all day reading it. And I promise you would never understand the study design because it is the most convoluted nonsense to achieve the result they wanted. But it achieved the result they wanted. If that study, which showed vex, you know, what they wanted it to show regarding natural immunity versus vaccine immunity, they relied on that one study in the M-M-W-R-I, I shouldn't even call it a study in their newsletter to deprive people with natural immunity of their civil individual rights, ignoring all the other science.


So yes, it is the perversion of science, but it has real life consequences. And I just gave you a real life example of it on behalf of I can, by the way, and, and others. I actually wrote the CDC, my firm wrote the CDCA letter. We, we put all these studies and I can, I can, I can provide these, You can make these available. They're such great letters. I wish everybody in America read 'em. We laid out all the science, all of them showing natural immunity is at least as efficacious as vaccine immunity. Can you please give these people their rights, civil, individual rights, freedom. They wrote back with that one study, that one study that I just told you about. We wrote back another letter saying, this study is total garbage.


We explained why it's garbage. You know, as I told you, I, you know, one of the things that I do is I depose vaccinologist and it's part of what I do in infectious disease doctors and immunologists. I have to learn epidemiology status, you know, statistics, vaccinology, immunology. I mean, you know, that's part of what deposing experts requires you to do. Okay? I don't, again, I don't how many degrees, but I have to learn this stuff. And, and, and I can tell you that that study design it categorically is non, is designed to reach the conclusion that they wanted. And because it's a clearance process I described, if something had shown a different result, it just wouldn't have made it through. So yes, it is the perversion of science going all the way back to your actual question.


Now, CDC is a policy entity. HHS is a policy entity. And to your point, why wouldn't the Vaccine injury compensation program compensate not finally gonna answer your question? That was a long road to get there. 'cause it's a policy organization and yeah, of course what the policy of that organization is. Vaccines are safe and effective. That's a mantra. I I don't know what that means entirely, by the way. But they say it all day long and any, anything that shows they're unsafe will get people to not vaccinate and that goes against their policy. So absolutely they are. This is Too crazy. How did, how did you get involved in this area? You graduate law school, you went to Berkeley?


I went to Berkeley for law school. Yes. And what did you plan on doing when you graduated? How'd you wind up here? Well, I, after law school, I clerked for the chief judge of the Supreme Court of Israel for a year after law school. And after that I worked for Latham and Watkins, which is one of the yeah, biggest firms in the world for almost six years doing bet the company litigation, right? Multi-billion dollar disputes. And then I left there and started my own practice. I was, I, I wasn't home enough. I wanted to see my kids more and, and my wife more so my own practice. And I continued to do commercial litigation, actually. That's what I kept doing.


And, but instead of doing multi-billion dollar cases, we would do, you know, a few mil, few million dollars or a few hundred million dollar, few hundred million dollar cases. You know, there are some cases, for example, that a a for example, Latham would have or a big firm would have. And they're doing a giant bankruptcy And they can't do a litigation, right. They can't do the litigation 'cause it conflicts with, but they don't want a different big firm to do that litigation. Right. Because they might steal a client. So I I, I would get some of those cases that would kick off to our firm 'cause they trusted us to do good work. So we would do some of those, you know, cases from behalf of publicly traded and large corporations.


So I did that for a few years. And then in terms of legally how I got involved, there was a law in California passed, the bill number was called SB 2 77 in 2014. And what it did was eliminate non-medical exemptions for children to attend school. Okay? So all these kids, tens of thousands of children were thrown out of school in California because their parents made the medical decision. And like I said before, these are often the folks who I find are most informed about these products, sometimes more informed than many of the pediatricians I depose about these products.


And I was in New York at the time And they, who, who Pushed that, that proposition, Senator Richard Pan, who's no longer there and, and a senator, excuse me. And, and, and a Senator Richard Pan and, and Ben Allen were the two members of the California legislature who drove that bill through, I mean, if you look back and see, Did pharma back it? Hard to know. I mean I, you know, it's it, but it happened. And, and so they, they started some schools in New York started kicking kids outta school.


Just kind of Even those in California, in, in New York actually. Oh. Even those, they didn't need to. I was in New York at the time. So I brought some suits to help those kids get back to school so they can get back in. I got injunctions and got them back into, it was typically private schools that were start, you decided where they don't want to have any of the kids who had religious exemptions. New York State allowed religious exemptions at the time. And then, and then, and, and here's the faithful moment. The, the city of New York required a flu shot for preschoolers. And so my wife was also an attorney and partner at our firm, you know, said, Hey, you know, that's, can we challenge that?


And I, I looked at it and I said, you know, and after looking at it saying, yeah, we could, because it was not passed by legislature, it was passed by the Department of Health. They don't have the authority to do it, so we can just challenge it on separation of power grounds. Yeah. And she's like, okay, great, do it. And I said, well wait a second. I said, I mean, we have clients who are public traded companies. I said, if I prevail, if we prevail and we strike this down, I mean, you understand this will make headlines. I do not think our, you know, clients would, would like that. And she's, you know, I, I won't use the words she used because I dunno if it's appropriate for the show, but she basically said, bring the suit. And that was the end of the discussion. And I did good for her. Absolutely. My wife's incredible.


She is the, the north star to, you know, what is writing good? You have to have that if you're gonna do a job like yours. Yeah, she's, she's, you know, she's not, she does not compromise on what's right for anything. And so I did, IIII got it. I did win in the trial court level. I got the injunction and made national news and as expected there, you know, and so, you know, our as expected, What What happened as expected the, you know, our commercial lit practice contracted really? Absolutely. People Didn't want your services as a lawyer because you had challenged a flu vaccine mandate.


I don't, I, it just doesn't accord, I think with what a big Fortune 500 companies would, I don't think it fits well into their portfolio of lawyers that they would use for what they do. You're Very diplomatic because that's grotesque. I I'm not accusing all of them. I'm just, I I, I Just, I mean, lawyers at big firms defend pro bono, you know, death row inmates who have, you know, murdered people, raped children. I mean that, and that's fine. You know what I mean? But you can't defend the rights of parents to educate their children. Like it's crazy. There is a very strong ideology around these products. And again, I stress their products.


And so we started doing more of that work. And there's, there's a lot more to that story, but I don't know if it's, I don't want it's, you know, it could go forever. So how did, How did your views, so you didn't expect this your life to take this turn, it sounds like. I'll tell you that. Oh no. If you asked me 10 years ago, I'd be doing this, that the New York Times were in a headline that I want to, you know, basically take away the polio vaccine and give everybody polio again. And, you know, and and senators would say, fire that lawyer, Mr. Kennedy. No, I I would not expect to be in the spot and nor did I expect to ever do vaccine work. But Did you have views on this subject? I, I, I, when I was in law school, no.


Yeah, I, No, I wouldn't know the first thing about a vaccine and the, I will tell you the very first time I ever looked at this topic, and, you know, a long time ago, you know, I was sent some material, I was actually still late to MWA at the time. And like I said, I, and, and a lot of it was medical and I didn't, I didn't know anything about immunology or vaccinology or In fact, I didn't know any of this medical stuff. I had no idea what I was reading. But then I read about the National Childhood Injury Act of 1986 And I was like, I remember I just like, was like, what? Because I don't understand medicine. I didn't understand that stuff, but oh, I understood corporate conduct and I understood fiduciary duties.


I understood it, conflicts of interest. I understood what drew corporations, I represented them and really important critical litig. I understood those things very well. And I was, I remember, I remember it was like late at night in my office when I read this. I remember being up there in the lipstick building and in Manhattan, and I was dumbfounded when I saw that law. I couldn't believe it. I mean, I just didn't understand it because I remember thinking like, this is the product they tell you is perfectly safe and it's given, given to babies and you can't see the manufacturers for injury. I found that to be immediately troubling.


And so you didn't know that? No, I did not know that until I read. I, I didn't know that until I read it. I think, I think a lot of people don't know that. I, I I can tell you they don't know that because obviously 'cause of the work I do, I meet people all the time in this area And they don't know that. And you know, sadly, they, they, they don't know it till they do know it. And often they know it after they have some kind of personal experience. You know, most of the folks around the country who who do know it are the folks who have been negatively impacted by these products in one way or another. They know it. They know about the law, they know about the science, they know about these things. 'cause when your kid's impacted or you're impacted by a product, you research it. Yeah. You know about it. And until you don't, you don't. And I, I'll say one other thing about that, just 'cause I know a lot of people always say to me like, well if there were vaccines caused a lot of injury or they caused injury, I would know it.


And I always say to them, do you know which drugs cause which injuries? Of course you don't. Even those, they come off the market all the time. Vaccines won't because You can't see the manufacturers. But drugs do. And do you know which drugs are coming off the market? Do you know what injuries are causing? No. Why would you know? That's right. Why would you know, why would you know that vaccines cause injury? Why do people as I, it's always funny to me. People assume that I would know. You wouldn't know. You know who would know? I'll tell you who would know. It's the firms that accumulate cases for people who are injured. You know, who knows that a particular drug is going to is, is, is causing harm first. It is the plaintiff's lawyers, you know, and You can, there are a lot of things You can say about plaintiff's lawyers.


But the one thing that is that they're, they know because they're getting phone calls, Hey, I took this drug. Exactly. And they get another call And they get another and they're like, oh, a pattern emergence. They're the ones who typically know it And they start accumulating the cases. Just like, you know, we've got, I I mean for, for vaccines we have, you know, that's what we get called for. We have endless cases in the, for covid vaccines. I mean it is, we basically had to, our, our entire phone system for is basically if you're injured by a covid vaccine, press one and you get instructions to go to our website and just fill a form. 'cause there's pretty much nothing we can do for you. Because not only do they have immunity, essentially under the 1986 Act, they, they have for covid vaccines, a completely another level of immunity called prep Act immunity.


You can't see those manufacturers for, you can't even go to the V-A-I-C-P vaccine Injury compensation program for covid vaccine injuries. Seriously? Yes. You can't even go to that program. Even as, as limiting as that program is, you have to go to something called the CICP, the Counter Injuries Compensation Program, which we have two federal lawsuits right now. We're suing to strike those programs down as unconstitutional because it's the most ridiculous system you've ever court program you've ever heard of who you filing a claim with. You don't really know who's reviewing it. You don't know who's their experts. You don't know what's their basing it on. You don't know. It's a complete black hole. You, there's no due process.


There's no hearing. You can't confront the people they're going to use to evaluate it. You don't know who the trier of fact is. You don't know who the trier of laws are. You don't know anything. All you do is you submit a piece of paper and then you get, you know, at some, when You don't know, you only have one year to file some response. And the whole program only has about $7 million. And most of it goes to pay the staff. So we can't compensate anybody. It's a ridiculous program. When I sue, and this Is a product of the Prep Act, It's a product of the Prep Act. And so I sued to, to render the program unconstitutional on procedural due process. I said if this program like the, the court, the the, the government doesn't have to afford you a remedy.


But if I say to you, Hey, they can have zoning laws. I say, but You can have a variance on your house. Yeah, look, I give you process for that. They can't make it unfair. It can't be, I give you a variance and I don't give that guy a variance. Right, exactly. It's gotta be fair. So if there's gonna be a process, it has to conform with due process. This thing is the most procedurally defunct program ever. I got a call from a reporter, I forgot which paper, national paper after I filed the lawsuit And they said, what do you, you know, why you follow the suit? I said, here, let me, let me explain it to you in layman terms. If you're injured by a covid vaccine, fill out a piece of paper. Okay? Doesn't matter what you write in it. Use crayons, go to your backyard, dig a hole, bury the paper in the hole, cover it up with dirt. Now I want you to water it, make sure it gets a lot of sun and just wait for it to grow compensation.


I said that, I literally told that to a reporter. I don't think she kept talking to me. No, but that, but that is, that is what I would describe the program as. They don't, what Has this done to your personal life? I mean, did you like People, you know, your family, your friends, your law school classmates. What do, what do people think of what you're doing? Well, it matters how much you know about this and it matters how much you understand what I'm actually doing. Are you looking at what the New York Times is saying I'm doing? Or are you looking at what I'm actually doing? Of course. And of course, again, to be clear, I'm an attorney, I just ask questions in many ways. Kinda like you, I ask questions, I bring suits.


I'm looking for answers. I'm looking for truth. I don't, I don't really have any emotional attachment to these products like some people do and I don't have a need for a prior assumptions. I, I, you know, it, the data, the science, the studies, they are what they are, you know? So it really just depends who I think some people, well, The attitude you just described, which I think is rational and science based and admirable by the way, is not shared by a lot of people. So you said that there was a cost to your business. Yes. When you started representing these clients, was there a cost to your friendships? I guess that's what I'm asking. I would say that, was there a cost to my friendships?


Well, not friends that you'd want to keep, I guess. Yeah, absolutely. So yes, I would say it absolutely has come with, I guess you would say a cost and communally, certainly back in New York. And, but it also comes with amazing rewards because, you know, you're, you, you're, there's a community of people who really need help And they really need support. I'll, I'll tell you one more story that I think drives us home. So New York City, there were cases of measles in New York City. Remember that back in 2000 number of years ago? Yeah. Okay.


In which nobody died. Yep. I think Bobby got blamed for That in which everyone died. No, him, nobody died. And, and nobody got, I'm not aware of any actual person who got really any real issues. And so, And there were thousands and thousands and thousands of cases. You know how I know, because the, as the New York State City Department of Health said, please stop having measles parties. Why? 'cause the only way you could get your kid back into school was if you got the vaccine or you had measles. So there were these giant measles parties occurring in Brooklyn so that people could get their kids back into school so they could then get blood work to show titers to show they had immunity.


In any event, the, the city of New York decided the way they were gonna deal with that was to make it literally illegal to exist in certain zip codes in Brooklyn. If you didn't get an MMR vaccine, it was illegal. If you did not get the shot, you were violating the law. Now, lemme explain to you why some people oppose the MR vaccine In every single dose of an MMR shot, there are literally, literally millions of pieces from the cultured cell alignment, aborted fetus in every single injection. Now, again, that might sound crazy, but I can literally pull up right now the CDCs own ingredient list for the MMR vaccine.


Anybody can do this at home. Just Google MMR, excuse me, vaccine excipient list, CDC. And You can pull it up and You can see it has MC five, W 38. Those are cultural cell lines from Board of fetus, because you have to grow viruses in a cell. Viruses won't just grow, they have to grow in cells. That's how they replicate. They take over the machinery of cell. So you have to grow it on a cellular substrate. So how do they grow to the rubella virus? They grow it on these cultured cell lines from aborted fetus. Where do they get Aborted fetuses From baby babies that are aborted From abortion clinics? Well, Well, and well, it's, it has to be you, you don't, you, you can't use you.


So the cells need to be alive. Okay. So you understand like the board of fetal tissues has to remain alive to be used. And so, you know, I I depose for example, the, and the world's leading vaccinologist, Dr. Stanley Plotkin, and that deposition's actually available on I can, the highwire.com. The whole deposition, nine hours is available there. Okay. Parts of it are available on X. And yes, I, I watched part of it in preparation for this interview, ah, and was, you know, so shocked and revolted by it. I was already on your side, obviously as a parent of a child who was vaccine injured.


So I'm, I'm in tune with everything you're saying, but that deposition with Dr. Stanley Popkin, who's still alive, 93 I checked, was one of the most shocking things I've ever seen in my life. You Watched the whole thing? No, I watched selections of it. Okay. Yeah. And so then you know about what the clip I'm about to talk about, which is relating to just one study that was done that involved over 70 normally normal healthy fetuses. Right. That would've, that there was nothing wrong in abnormalities that were boarded for the purposes of this one study. I mean, pa past The first trimester. But they're all older than three months, you said. That's Right. That's right. And some of them I absolutely, and what they do is they take, they take those in that one study, those 70 something babies, And they then they chop them up into little cube, each body part.


So they take the tongue, the lung, the liver, the every body part, And they chop 'em up into little, little cubes. And then they try to culture viruses on them. 'cause they want to see which part of the body can be, is The best suited for growing the virus used in the vaccine. And so this is, you know, in any event, and there's a lot, any, you know, anybody who wants can research about this. There's, so This is answering the question, why is this a religion for some people? There is a a mean, there's some heavy stuff going on here. You mean for folks who don't wanna receive the vaccine? No, No, no. For people who support them. Well, you have the human Sacrifice quality here. Sorry, that, that was my takeaway from that interview. And I think you actually asked him, are you an atheist? Yes, I am.


Y yes. Well, the case was about a religious belief that our client had a pro, you know, contrary to the practice of vaccination, they didn't wanna vaccinate her kid. And he decided to volunteer for reasons I'll never understand to be an expert. And he came to the deposition, he didn't come to trial. He, he did not show up for trial. And we even sent him a subpoena. Deuces took him after the, the deposition, if you ever see the deposition. And he says, oh, well there's, there is this or there's that. And so I sent him a document request saying, Hey, you said there's this and that, give it to us. And then he brought a collateral lawsuit to quash that subpoena, believe it or not. 'cause he did not want to give, 'cause he doesn't, they don't have it. It doesn't exist. Just like this polio petition, you know, it's not, I don't ask for things, you know, you know, we, we we do, I try to do my homework beforehand.


In, in any event, there's a Yes, but this vaccines are grown with the cells of aborted baby tongues. Well, no, no, no, no, no. Well, let me be clear about that. In that study, they were trying to figure out which body part was best to use this. So the one that they ended up with was actually from the lung of the aborted fe baby aborted fetus. So it, it's, it's, it's, it's lung fibroblasts are the, where the cells, they ended the substrate that ended up working. So they tried with tongue, it didn't work as well. And there's a number of qualities that are looking for how well does the virus replicate?


Are there other potential, you know, viruses back, you know, and so forth and, and so forth, so forth. Well, what's The best median to do it? And, and so there's, but You said that the, the cells have to be alive. So where do the bodies come from? Do we know? So, I mean, when they, when the baby is aborted for the purposes, and they're typically aborted for the scientific purpose. Right? I mean they, they have to know beforehand for the most part. 'cause if the, if the baby co, if if they abort the baby and they don't immediately act to make sure that the tissues don't die, then you, you can't use them in these experiments. So, and this is, this is, I I'm about as uncomfortable as I've ever been in an interview.


Right now, this is like really beyond, beyond that this happens. Well, I mean it's, there's a whole industry, Ron, it's not, you know, not something I litigate about. But there, as you know, there is a whole industry around with regards to abortions. You know, you've heard of humanized mice for example. No. Right. So, so for example, in the Pfizer and Moderna COVID-19 vaccine trials, for example, right? COVID-19 vaccine development process, those products have no board of fetal tissue in them. Okay. Killed vaccines typically don't, you don't need to grow them in the same way. Well, it's not always true any event.


But in the process of development, a lot of times they use humanized mice in order to ex experiment with the vaccine. And so, and this is not just vaccines, by the way, this is across science. So they basically take, and sometimes from abor of babies, sometimes from other, in other ways, it, it doesn't have to necessarily be in a abor of baby to, to, to, And they inject the mice with these human cells to quote unquote humanize them to then use 'em for experiments. You should have somebody on to talk about this. I'm not your person for this. I just, I, I just, I only know about this en enough to depose around religious belief around these products because there's a whole industry on this.


But i's, I Dunno know if I want to know, okay. More, I mean, you do, as you hear this, you think, you know, this can't continue. This is too, this is tampering with the, the secret sauce of, of nature. So you know, this, this will not end well at all. So the Yeah, well, I, it, I it, yes. I mean, it's, it, it, what's unfortunate about it is that, and the reason I know about any of these things is because in these depositions with regards in these depositions regards to religious beliefs, the issue of aborted aborted field tissues come up. And so a lot of times they like to say, oh, well it only involved a few babies way back when.


And so I have a whole series of in these depositions of showing, no, it's not just a few babies, way back when it, it was a lot of babies. And it's, and it's still ongoing and this industry has only grown. Anyway, with that said, I was, I was saying that these parents in Brooklyn, unless you wanna stick on this topic, like you don't No. You know, I mean, your, you've just Shocked me. I know. I mean, yeah. So, you know, going back to these, these families in Brooklyn, many of them, you know, religious for and not in, in different religions, not, not all of them were, many of them were, were ultra religious Jews. But some of them were other religions actually who have beliefs where they do not wanna participate with that product for the reasons we just discussed.


Okay? And so they will not take the MMR vaccine And they won't give it to their kids. They won't take it. And so here's the city of New York saying, no, you must, you must take it. I mean, if you didn't, and what they did is they went into like the registry, and if you were not in the registry as vaccinated, they hunted you down to your house And they showed up at your door And they gave you a violation for literally existing as God created you, you got as God created you, you're just standing in your house, just existing. And they gave a violation. And so it, it, it, I can actually supported us to represent anybody, anybody that got those violations and hundreds of people got 'em.


And we got almost all of them dismissed before the hearing technical stuff. You served it this time. But they were, they were disproportionately ultraorthodox Jews from Brooklyn. Yes. In this instance, yes. The good news about, it's a group I like in general, but they're also politically organized, so pretty dumb of the city of New York to do that. Well, yeah, I mean, I, I, there were, they're organized, but also, you know, they, they were very lucky in some respects in that, you know, I can, which believes in informed consent, that's the name informed Consent action network, you know, supported our firm. A lot of the policy work we do is on their behalf to defend anybody with these violations.


And so they put a, a, a notice out in Yiddish in the paper, if you got a violation, just call our firm. And so they did. And like I was saying, we got most of 'em dismissed except for like 20. Now we went down to the hearing. This is a long road to answer your question from earlier, is that we went down to the hearing, the, the head lawyer of the New York City Department of Health was on the other side in the hearing room defending the city of New York. And so we ended up in the hallway at one point, you know, just chatting. Very nice guy, actually, you know, actually not as much of an ideolog as a lot of the folks I encounter in health departments. And, you know, and we had worked collaboratively to, we got most of 'em dismissed even before that.


And, you know, lawyer to lawyer says to me, why are you doing this? He's like, I mean, I looked you up and like you went to Berkeley clerk for the chief judge, you went to late. Like, what? Why? You know, and this was earlier on before I clearly was doing this work. Do you know what I mean? At this point, I, this is what I do. And I, and I said to him, and this answers your question from earlier. I said to him, look, you, you asked me a question earlier. You said, how am I treated right? Do I feel like I'm outcast? Yes. And I said to you, but there's a community that needs support. And, and, and so this is me finally answering that question. He said to me, why, why do you do this? And I said to him, I said, look, I said, I want you to just imagine the following.


Imagine a group of people in America right now today. Pick a group, pick an ethnic group, a religious group, an ash, pick a group in your mind. Okay? Now I want you to imagine people go on national television And they say the most horrific things about them. And they feel no filter in saying them. They talk about throwing their kids outta school, spelling them from their jobs. They call them quacks, they call them all kinds of horrible names. They do all the things to them. We say we should never do to somebody, right? Because they're this religion or this ethnicity or they, or so forth. We should never do those things. I said, I said, that's the group you're talking about.


I said, you're talking about a group of individuals. Most people vaccinate. I said to him, most people vaccinate, they choose to do it. Okay? Rare is the person in my mind who just wakes up one day and goes, you know what I wanna do today? I'm gonna just stop vaccinated my kids so that I can be called anti quack, anti-vax, maybe get them kicked outta school, lose friends, be called anti-science. That's what I'm gonna do today. No, no. Nobody makes that decision lightly. You, you to go against the social grain. And there is a strong social grain on this, especially pre pre covid. You have to have something pretty powerful happen to you. That's right. To make you decide, whoa, I'm not gonna do that.


Or I have some seriously held beliefs, or one or one thing or another. And I said, this is the group of people you're talking about. You're talking about a group of people who typically, they're not vaccinating because their child themselves has had a, somebody in their family has bad, some kind of adverse events, some kind of bad experience. That's right. That's exactly right. And so they, they've realized, they overcome that social conformity to do what they think they have to do in that instance. And then to add to that injury, what does society do to them? It adds insult. It calls them names, it berates them. It throws their kids outta school. I mean, it treats them in the worst ways possible. The the type of stuff we should never do to people.


But that's how those people are treated. And so when you say to me, you know, do I feel like I've lost friends? Yeah, yeah, I've lost friends. But you know, there's a, there's an entire community of folks out there who, who are, who are that folk, that group I just described to you. And those folks are, are, don't have the government working for them. The government not only doesn't work for them, the government fights them with DOJ attorneys, berates them when they try to even file claims. I mean, you, some of the reports about the vaccine conversation program talks about the aggressiveness of these, some of the attorneys, you know, and how they treat some of the petitioners, the government's not working for vaccine injuries, working against the vaccine injury, literally fights against their claims.


So they're not looking out for them, industry's not looking out for them, who's looking out for them. They look out for each other. And that forms a really strong community of individuals of what some call the anti-vaxxers or the medical freedom folks really, they're just people who wanna live their lives And they don't want to talk about this And worship their God, Worship their God. They don't want anything to do with the topic. They're the ones who actually don't. Typically, there are a few people who are very loud, they get all the attention. But most of the folks our firm represents who've got issues with this. The last thing, they want us to be on the radar on this topic. We represent a lot of people when it comes to these products. A lot of people are, you're open about what you just said earlier with regards to your family and, and your experience with vaccines.


But most people, including many famous people, are not. And they don't wanna be. Yeah. I mean, I, yeah, I've never talked about that at all. So I'm okay if people don't like me for what I do. I, I, yeah. Well, I've learned more in this interview than I expected to. And you've single handedly raised my regard for lawyers, and I never do this, but I just, I wanna do it in your case, tell us the name of your firm. Oh, sure. It's Siri and Glimpse dad. LLP. It's In New York. Well, Well, we're, we're, we're all over, we're national, you know, we've, for our vaccine practice, which we try, you know, we help people across the whole country.


Okay. So, so For people who have a family member who suffered an injury, you're, you're open to talk to them about Next steps? Yeah, yeah. My, my firm does, we do vaccine injury cases in the VICP if, if for folks in to buy vaccines though. Good. Well, I just, and then we also, but that's, that's just fif like 15 of the folks. But then we do vaccine policy cases. So that's like, you know, that's actually even more than the more folks. So a lot of the cases around covid vaccines that you may have heard of, like suing the FDA to get all of Pfizer's clinical trial documents. We brought that case suing on behalf. We sued on behalf of, you know, over a dozen members of Congress about mass mandates on planes.


We struck down covid vaccine mandate for school in California. So we have a big policy practice. And that dovetails with what a lot of what we've been talking, which is where a lot of my work is and how I find fascinating. And then we have, we do vaccine exemption cases in all areas. We brought the case in the, against the Air Force and the Army where we got the injunction prevented one of the great honors of my life, actually fighting for the people who fight for us to preserve the thing that they swear to, which is to defend the constitution. What is the first freedom in the Bill of rights, the right to religion? And what did the military do? He said, no, you don't get to have your right, your religious beliefs with these vaccines. So it was, I was truly one of the, one of the great honors of my life is to defend members of the military and them come to me and just humbling, they're thanking me for defending them.


I mean, I'm just a lawyer. I'm just going to court. And, you know, and these guys used, I mean, those hearings were incredible. Like it would've brought tears to your eyes to be in those injunction hearings when those members of the military come in. And anyways, so we, we do, we we kind of do everything and then we have, and then we do, yeah, we do plaintiff's side class action stuff because, you know, there's, there is work that do we need to, to make money. So is is Bobby Kenning gonna get confirmed, do you think? I sure hope so. There's nobody, there truly is nobody who is his whole life experience.


I believe he was put on this earth to have that role. He was, he's prayed every day for 20 years, as he always says, to be able to help save children. And in that role, he can do it. Anybody who says, well, he's gonna disrupt, you know, the way things are working. Good, good. We need disruption because the way things are working right now, we've got a country that's got over 50% of people with a chronic health condition, often multiple conditions. You, we are, do you, did you know that? I did. Yeah. Okay. Do and, and, and we are dead last pretty much on every single health metric amongst all developed countries, despite spending almost three times as much on healthcare.


Yes. Just think about those numbers. We are on the fast path, not only to be the sickest, sickest country. This is, this is the largest decline in human health, this chronic disease explosion in recorded human history that I am aware of. Okay. And I'm, that I'm aware of this 40 year chronic disease explosion. I don't think there's any records in, in rec in recorded human history of that kind of increase. And we're spending three times as much, and we have the worst outcomes in the developed world. Yeah. We need a change. And, and Mr. Kennedy is not beholden to pharmaceutical interest. He's not beholden to health insurance companies, not beholden to anybody. He truly just wants to do what's right.


I think it's, it's a rare quality. And he is, he has gone through the fire And he does not care what anybody says about him. He does not care. He only cares about what's right and what's true. And it's exactly the type of leadership and leader that we need in this country. And so, God, I hope he's confirmed. Aaron Siri, Thank you very much. All right, Thank you. Thanks for listening to The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made, the complete library, Tucker Carlson com.