
So, Andrew, Thank you for doing this. So you're so controversial. I love that. Yeah. Married man with six kids who pays his taxes. You're so controversial. Very controversial, would be not paying your credit card bill and, you know, putting the banks outta business, convincing other people to do the same. Not paying your federal taxes, forcing the US government to pay attention to its own citizens. You're doing none of that. So, as far as I'm concerned, you're a non-controversial law body man, but you are doing one thing that's pretty wild, which is participating in the building of a new town. It sounds almost like a Christian utopian experiment in Tennessee, but I, I don't really know. Can you tell me what it is and why you're doing it? Yeah, so it's, it's not quite that.


It's not the Oneida Community. Yeah. Yeah. We're not, we're not building, you know, some kind of Anabaptist community. Okay. You're not the Shakers. Yeah, No. You know, really it's, you know, it's, it's a company, you know, Ridgerunner is, is purchasing land and, and sort of facilitating a, a lot of the things, like you're familiar with the big sort where people are, are leaving, you know, blue states to go to red states Yes.


And things like that, where it, it's, it's along those lines where, where people are leaving. Like, I left Minnesota very blue state, everyone's now familiar with our governor Yeah. In that state, Tim Walls. And don't hire him to babysit. No, I would not. He would be the last person I would. Yes, I Think so. And, and, you know, so we wanted to leave there. Many people wanna leave places like that. My, my, my friend CJ left California, Gavin Newsom State to come to Tennessee. And, and so it's, it's a platform to, to be able to, you know, draw all of your, your friends together. It's like, well, we can kind of live anywhere.


Why don't we, why don't we all live in the, the same kind of place and bring our, our families, bring our businesses and, and build things together. So it's, it's, it's sort of a platform for drawing, drawing people that are, you know, spread out all throughout the, the country and, and can leave these places that are, that are not great, you know, living in, living in large cities or, or suburbs Yeah. Where you're just totally disconnected and, and, you know, really isolated, alienated from, from normal life. And You can, You can have the American small town experience once again. So sad to hear you say that about Minnesota as, as a Scandinavian, I always thought of it was told, you know, it's like where all the Swedes are and it's kind of, you know, lots of saunas and, you know, red cheek children and It's clean And reasonable, you know?


Yeah, yeah. Not, not the case anymore. Why did you leave there? You know, for us it was, are you from there? I'm from there. Yeah. Born and raised in, in Waseca, Minnesota. My, my children were the sixth generation of our family that lived in that town. Oh gosh. And in, In The town? In that town, yeah. In, in the town of, of Waseca. Oh, your ancestors Buried there. Yeah. There's six generations that are buried there. Even one of my own, my own children that, that passed that, you know, all they, like, we lived, you know, a couple blocks away from the cemetery where all of all of my ancestors were buried. Oh Gosh. Yeah.


Oh, that's very heavy. Yes. To leave a place like that. Yes. And it was, you know, after the 2022 election where the Democrats took control of the, the state senate finally, and Tim Walls could do whatever he wanted to do. He, the first thing he passed was in the, in the wake of the Dobbs decision. Full, full abortion allowance, even up to birth. Like you, you know, there were the stories during the election about, you know, even like post birth abortions that took place in Minnesota. Yes. I went to the, to the state capitol and, and spoke to the one, the first committee when that bill was being heard.


And, and I, I mean, maybe, maybe, you know, later your guys can pull up that video, but I just went there and said like, Hey, you, you think you won an election? You think You can do this and, and just murder children, but God is not mocked. Like he's, he's, he's gonna come with vengeance about what you're doing. And of course they are cons There, consequences. Yeah. They, they're like all these, you know, 60-year-old liberal ladies, senators, you know, are looking at me, scoffing at me, and just staring daggers at me and hating what I'm saying. How, how dare he come this? Yeah. Lots of luck. Christian nationalists come here. Lots of luck to them For long term. Yeah. And, and so that's the first bill that they passed, the very, the second bill that they passed. And these are the first two legislative priorities that they had.


The second one was a trans, a trans rights bill, which allowed the state to take your child out of, out of their custody or your parents' custody if you opposed a transition. And my, my oldest child is 12, a minor child, minor child. Yeah. My, my oldest son, he's, he's 12 years old. He has autism. We homeschool all the rest of our children, but we don't have the, the resources to be able to Yes. To educate him with his autism. And so He goes to, you know, special ed. And I'm, I'm well aware, especially, you know, you see the things that happened in 20 20, 20 21, all of the activism trans stuff in, in the schools.


Right. All the libs of TikTok kind of stuff. Yes. That the majority of, like trans children are on the autism spectrum. Right. These children are targeted. Right. And, and I'm thinking, okay, he, he, he doesn't talk about school. He doesn't talk about home at school. He, he categorizes all of his life. He just won't do it. So I would've no way of knowing like, what is going on there. They could be putting him in a dress and calling him a girl name, and I would have no idea. And then when I find out and I oppose it, right. Boom. CPS comes, takes him out of our custody and he's gone forever, And they can chemically cast Randy. So that's you to go Randy Weaver at that point?


Well, at that point, yeah. Yeah. For sure. And you don't wanna go Randy Weaver? No. Like, it didn't end well for Randy Weaver. No. Doesn't end well for anybody. No, I don't, I don't, I don't want to go down that road. I don't. No, no. Nobody does. Nobody does. And so it's like, we need to, we need to get out of here. Right? We cannot trust the, you know, the whole system with our child. They could, they could steal him from us. Right. This could happen. I don't wanna be the, the test case for that. I don't wanna go through the legal battles and do all those fights. I want my son. I don't, I don't want to live in a place where that's even conceivable that that could happen to you. It's insane. And so it was at that moment, I'm like, we need to, we need to get out of this state. This is, it's not a place where I can raise my children.


And, and I'm thinking like long term, right? We, yeah, we've been in this place for six generations, but, and it's, it's a wonderful town, you know, at amazing place. I mean, it's home. I, I love the people there. And you know, many of them are gonna be watching this And Well, you must know all of them From, from my youth. You know, you, you go to the store and you see, you know, my, my wife and children hated when I would go to the store because it would take, you know, an hour to get a thing of milk because I'd just stop and talk to people I've known my whole life. Oh, I love that. And it, it's a wonderful play. Like, it, it's hard to leave that right. Because it's you, you know, it, you're familiar with everything and, and all of the people and, and just the, the way of life, and Gosh, it's where your family's buried six generations.


That's just, I, I I had no idea That's so much to give up that it must have been, But I, I can't. Yeah. Like, it, it would, it, it, I I can't stay in a place like that. It's, there's, there's no future for, for my children, for my family in a, in a place that's that far gone. Right. That, that has been destroyed. And, and you see so many of these other states, you know, California, Washington, adopted all the same things that, that walls is Minnesota did. Why, I, I, I want to get back to the ridgerunner in the Yeah. The town that's being built, which I assume is a fascist Christian theocracy. That's what the, the TV news in Nashville said. Sorry, I'll Get that. What Say Yes, Mr.


Phil Williams, the Journalist. Yeah. Little Iran except Christian, right? Yeah, that's right. Okay. But why do you think, so that the three, I mean, I have my own theories, but you've lived it much more personally than I have. So you tell me, why do you think states like Minnesota, Oregon, Washington, California, have gone to a place that I think by any objective, global standard, there's no country in the world that would nod and say that's okay, except maybe the uk Yeah. Yeah. How did they get there? I, I think, I mean, for all of them, the what political power was captured by, by the left political and, and cultural power.


I mean, I went to, to college in Minnesota in the, in the early two thousands, and you could see the seeds of all of these things, right. Beginning to form. And, and so all, all of the institutions were captured. And, and, and especially culturally in Minnesota, people, people are very nice. Right. It's not a Yeah, it's not a myth. No, it's Right. Minnesota nice is very real and Right. The, the ethos is if you don't have anything nice to say Right. Don't say anything at all, which I just swim completely against that tide. But it's, It's, I mean, not to point to genetics, but it's real. It's, yeah. Germans, it's Scandinavians, Norwegians, Swedes, some fins. It's like these are, these are gentle, non-confrontational people for the most part.


Yes. Yeah. They're, they're very, they're very kind, very people that, that are to a fault, unwilling to give offense. Yes, yes. And, and very, very tolerant of, of other people. Yes, they are. And that gets taken advantage of, right. So You can have, so They take our best qualities and subvert them against us. Yes. Yes. Yeah. And, and You can see that in, in, in other places too, like on, on the west coast as well. Right. That, that, and especially with like Christians, this is, this is done all of all of the time. I know, right? Where, where you're told, well, we need to love other people and, and be kind and, and be Christ-like, and, and that ethos gets subverted and used to these ends, right?


Where, well, how, how dare you, you know, talk about these things. Like how, how dare you talk about these things from the pulpit Yeah. That these things going on. Like, it, it offends a lot of people when you Do. No, it does. I mean, I come from a family like that with, some of them have strong views, but they would never impose their views on you under any circumstances. They're just as not in them. It's a very specific Northern European culture where they just don't wanna, don't wanna get in your face. No, never. But it leaves them defenseless a little bit, I Think. Yeah. Yeah. And, you know, I, I mean maybe I'm, maybe I'm unique, you know, maybe my personality type is, is such that I just, I can't do that.


I can't see like evil stuff happening Yes. Taking place and not say something about it. Yes. Not say this is, this is insane. Like, how, how, how could we, I mean, just think a hundred years ago, and that's, that's sort of, you know, my book is Right. If you go back a hundred years and you think about your, your great-great-grandfather, and you told him, Hey, they're, they're gonna take little kids and little boys and remove their genitals and turn them into to girls. Right. Are are you okay with that? Do you think that's, that's all right. Like what would they they do if that was even proposed? Like, they would be, I thought Unix went out with Ming Dynasty. Yeah, that's right. I mean, I can believe we have that. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. We're, we're bringing that back. And like, they, they would go insane. They would, they would, they would fight.


They'd become violent if, if that were happening. And, and we're like, well, you know, I, I really want to keep my jobs, so I'll, I'll put the, I'll, I'll put the pronouns in my email signature and on my LinkedIn, you know, I'll, I'll just just go along to get along. I have contempt for them. Yeah. So my theory is that those are the most secular states. Yeah. And Maine is another one of the most secular states, unfortunately. And those trends are rising there as well. Yeah. Famously. And there's something about the, you know, there are lots of left-wing ideas that, or liberal ideas or socialist ideas that like, well, I don't disagree with all of 'em, honestly, but some of them I do.


A lot of 'em I really disagree with. Yeah. But the transgender thing, the abortion thing, human sacrifice and turning your children to Unix, those are so clearly expressions of cultish religion Yeah. Of pagan religion. Yeah. That like, I, I can't turn away. I'm like, the Canaanites did this. Yes. Like, I know what's going on here. This is not, you claim you're secular, you're not secular at all. These are religious rituals. Yes, they are. That's the way it feels to me. Yes. Ab absolutely. It is. And, and, and, and that's part of it too. I think the things that happened, like when I was in college in the early two thousands, you know, you had the new atheism and Yeah. And everyone was like, it was just cool to, to be an atheist.


Like, oh, I'm agnostic. I don't, I don't really believe in your, who Is that? There was like a really absurd person posing as like a genius who was one of the leader there, probably a bunch of, but who was the most famous one? Oh, like Richard Dawkins or Daniel Dennet, or No, Christopher Hitchens. I knew Hitchens well. He was a marvelous guy. Yeah. Totally wrong. And he was legit smart. Yeah. No, there's another one, whatever, who's always running around Like today, like James Lindsay is, is one of the, those types, is that James, Who's the James Lindsay, He's, he is a, this this atheist, atheist guy that opposed wokeness and things like that, but wants, wants just a free liberal society.


Like it's 1995. Yeah. Yeah. I'm all for a free liberal society. It's just that there, there isn't one either. You're moving quickly toward, I mean, I, I will never give up my views of, I will never stop being liberal on the most basic level, which is I actually don't want to control you or your beliefs, because I don't think you're a slave. I think you're a human being 'cause God made you. Absolutely. That's my view. Yeah. And so I don't want to, you know, break down people's doors to make sure they're adhering to what I believe. Yeah. At all. I hate that. However, it, you're either moving toward order or you're moving toward chaos. Yeah. You're moving toward, you know, a society rooted in some sort of transcendent belief, or you're moving toward training, which is another Yeah.


Like transcendent belief. It's like, yeah, You pick A Religion. Yeah. It's, it's not whether but which, there, there, there will be one. And that's, that's part of it is like the, the new, like the new atheism, all those things that broke down, you know, Christian morays and, and, and, and Christian, you know, just cultural Christianity that was imbued all, all throughout, you know, the American public life Yeah. Takes all of that down. But then there's a vacuum and that vacuum gets filled up and what's it been filled up with? Insane stuff like this. Child sacrifice. Yeah. You know, all, all of it. Like, it is, it is a new religion. It isn't it, it isn't a question of like, well, we're just gonna have pluralism. We're not gonna have any dominant religion. Yeah. It's no, there will be one, there will be a God that you serve.


And, and the one that we are serving now is some kind of demon. Well, I think that so much better put than I could have, than I could have formulated that, but Yes, that's exactly perfectly put. Exactly. You're gonna worship something. Yeah. Yeah. And now we're worshiping something really, really dark Yeah. As a society. But it's, it's particularly pronounced in the states that have abandoned Christianity the most aggressively. Absolutely. And just come up with this new pagan religion. So, okay, so this is going on in your state. You're the six generations in one town. Boy, that's gotta be pretty rare right now. Yeah. You've got six children. You have a child buried in the cemetery along with all your ancestors, and you leave all of that. What, what's going on in your church?


Were you a church goer at the time? Yeah, I was, I was pastoring a church. Oh gosh. Yeah. Yes. You literally, okay. Yes. So you're involved in church? Yes, I am. Yeah. And, and it's a church with wonderful people and, and you know, they're, they're there because they, you know, more or less think like I do. They like, yes. Like hearing what I preach, you know, they like, they like all of these things and, and so it's extremely difficult to leave them as well. But it, it was, it was difficult 'cause it was a very small church and, and the things that I'm, I'm preaching, right? So I, I take the pastorate there in 2021. So after the lockdowns, after all of these things, and there's, there's an incredible amount of, of, of discontent among Christians because their church has been shut down.


Their leaders have, have, have failed them. And so we had, we had many families join us, you know, after that. But, you know, overall, right. The People you know, in, in Minnesota Right. They don't, they're not used to the, the kind of preaching that, that I do, the kind of Christianity that I have where it's like, I, no, I, I believe the Bible. Like, like God is real And he has spoken, he's revealed himself to us, it in the Bible. And therefore, I believe all of it. And I'm not embarrassed by any of it. I'm not gonna like, tiptoe around the things that might be controversial. If anything, I'm gonna lean into those things and, and I'm gonna preach all of it.


And that's, that runs totally against the evangelical Christian ethos in America today. It's really, yeah. The, it's, it's all about, oh, you need to be nice. You need to, you know, make, make Jesus very inoffensive to people. And that's how you bring people into your church. So I, I'll I'll say I'm not an evangelical. Yeah. I've always liked the evangelicals. I always defended them. I'm very sympathetic as an, I'm not even exactly sure what an evangelical is. It seems more like a cultural descriptor, but It's, yeah. I'm completely opposed to abortion. So that has been, for me, the reason that I've always defended them. But I always thought that the evangelicals were really forthright about their faith.


Another thing that I liked. Yeah. And we're way more on the kind of fire and brimstone side, which I'm for, by the way. Well, good. Yeah. But you're saying that they're not, That that was certainly, I, you, you look at like, you know, the eighties and even in the early nineties, like you have the moral majority where Yeah. Where they very much were that kind of fire and brimstone and they've, they've been vindicated by everything that has happened. Oh, I'd say, I'd say it's hilarious.


Lent is here the period before Easter, the 40 days, and it's a unique chance to get closer to God. That's the point of it. Hallow the world's number one prayer app can help you do that. Joining their prayer 40 challenge. It's a great way to connect with Christians all over the world and unite in preparation for Easter, which is the payoff of this season. It's called The Way, it Helps participants focus on how Jesus is the way to heaven. If you join the Challenge, you'll embark on a spiritual journey with some of America's most convicted Jesus followers, powerful stories, prayer you grow in your ability to sacrifice. That's what Lent is. It's a sacrifice and taking thought provoking sermons and true stories of faith in action, which are amazing. This year is gonna be The best lent ever thousands of people praying together all over the world. And You can be part of it through Hallow, which by the way, is in use in my house, in a nightly topic of conversation. So You can sign up at Hallow dot com slash tucker when you join. Check out thousands of guided prayers, meditations, music, and everything. There is a ton on Hallow, all designed to help you find peace and closeness to God. Download the Hallow app and jump onto the Lent Pray 40 challenge right now.


Don Jr. Here, guys, are you receiving letters from the IRS claiming you owe back taxes? As penalties and interest fees pile up, the IRS gives you no clear path to resolution. Don't speak to them on your own. They are not your friends. To reach a team of licensed tax professionals that can help you reduce, settle, and resolve your tax matters, go to tn usa.com and check 'em out. Solve your tax Problems today. Call 1 807 8 0 8 8 8 8 or visit tn usa.com. That's 1 807 8 0 8 8 8 8.


Tucker says it best, their credit card companies are ripping Americans off, and enough is enough. This is Senator Roger Marshall of Kansas. Our legislation, the Credit Card Competition Act would help in the grip Visa and MasterCard have on us. Every time you use your credit card, they charge you a hidden fee called a swipe fee. And they've been raising it without even telling you. This hurts consumers and every small business owner. In fact, American families are paying $1,100 in hidden swipe fees each year. The fees Visa and MasterCard charge Americans are the highest in the world, double candidates, and eight times more than Europe's. That's why I've taken action. But I need your help to help get this passed. I'm asking you to call your senator today and demand they pass the Credit Card Competition Act Paid for by the Merchants Payments Coalition, not authorized by any candidate or candidates committee, www.merchantspaymentscoalition.com.


But throughout the nineties and early two thousands, the, they really changed course, right? As the cultural trajectory is, is changing, they, they adopted, you know, very secret sensitive movement where it's like, well, people are, I'm Sorry, what did you call it? Yeah. Secret sensitive movement is what does that Mean? It it was, it, it was right. The, the big movement in evangelicalism in the nineties and early two thousands where we are, we're gonna, we're gonna make it as easy as possible for people to, to come into the church and believe in in Jesus. And, and, and so we're, we're not gonna focus on things that might offend them. We're not gonna focus on sin and repentance and things like that.


We're just, just come on in and, and have a good time and know that you're welcome here. Right? Well come as you are. We'll, we'll meet you halfway like that, that that was more or less the Why Do you think they did that? I, I think, you know, a friend of mine, I think I could call him a friend, Aaron Ren, he's written about this like neutral world or or negative world neutral world, positive world where, you know, in the seventies and eighties, Christianity has generally understood culturally as, as a positive thing. Like if you said, oh, I go to church, I'm a Christian, I go to that church, people would think, oh, that's a good guy. He's, he's an upstanding, decent person. But by the, by the mid nineties it was, it was sort of neutral, right?


It was sort of, oh, well, that's just a cool thing that you do, right? Just like collecting stamps or building model trains, or being part of the Lions Club. But by the, you know, by the Obama years, by like 2015, you're in negative world where if you're an evangelical Christian, you are suspect you're, you're probably a Nazi, you're probably a bigot. You're probably a white supremacist. Right? That's the attitude that people have. I can I Ask you to pause, just to state for the 1000000th time, the Nazis were not Christians, You know, So they were not Christians. Well, They loved to throw those things around it. Nazis were Christians Knew. Yeah, Yeah.


More Christians were killed by the Nazis than any other group. Just a fact. So anyway, no, the n Nazis were not Christians. So I just, I'm sorry. Oh, Yeah, yeah. I had to say that. Good to make, you know. Yeah. Because they'll clip this and they'll say, yeah, oh, Andrew Isker is saying that the, the Christians are Nazis. But so that, that, that period of, of, of time, like, there, there's these widespread cultural shifts in, in the country. And so I think a lot of it is just in response to that, where you're in that neutral world. And so you had, you had figures like, like Rick Warren or, or Tim Keller, who, who sort of adapted these things. So Tim Keller is in New York City, and, And he, he tries to a adapt, you know, Christianity to, you know, upper middle class, you know, strive for people in, in New York City Yes.


Or to make it easy for them to come to church. So he wouldn't ever, you know, talk about homosexuality or, or if he did, it would be, well, that's not so good for human flourishing, but we're not really gonna talk about that too much. There's the former president of the Southern Baptist Convention, JD Greer, you know, famously said in a sermon, well, the Bible just whispers about sexual sin, but it shouts about, about like financial sin or greed. Right? So they, they wanna downplay but Shouts about both of them. It does. And the two are connected, right? Yeah. Right. If you're, if you're, you know, greedy for money, you're also gonna be lusting after the flesh like that, the two go hand in hand.


And, and, but it's to downplay things that the culture does not want to hear. Right. Because you'll be branded as, as a bigot, as intolerant, as a bad person. If you're just like, well, this is what the Bible says, like this, you know, fornicators, adulterers, sodomites, they don't, they will not inherit the kingdom of God. Right. If you say, yes, I agree with that. Well, you're a bad person. Right. You're, you're, you are outside of polite society. If you say those things and, And You can reject it, You can reject Christianity itself. Yeah. And you're certainly welcome to in this country and in all countries, actually. Of course. But it doesn't just say this parenthetically. No, It's, or like, include it in a sidebar, it says it again and again and again. And in the church I grew up and they're like, well, they're only four times where, you know, in the scriptures where People, you know, where Christian, where homosexuality is attacked.


And it's like, since no one ever read it Yeah. In my church, no one, no one knew, but like, I finally read it, what the hell? Why not read it? And I did. And, and I've never been anti-gay or anything like that. Yeah. But by the end, I was like, oh, there's a really clear message. Yeah. From like the Hebrew scriptures all the way through the Christian to the New Testament. Yeah. And like, again, and again and again. So, you know, again, you don't have to believe it, but if you're a believing Christian, it, it, it's not whispered at all. Yeah. You Do, you shout it. Yeah. You do have to believe it if you're a Christian. Exactly. Like if you claim that you, that this is the bible that God spoke this. Right. I agree.


And, and so they're, they're very fearful of those kinds of things. But I mean, the interesting thing now that we're in, you know, what Ren calls negative world is, is that young men who, who were kind, who were raised, most of them, like raised secular, right? They went through the, the whole new ac atheism thing. They never went to church. They never grew up. I mean, I, I, I talked to so many guys, so, so many young men, you know, I, I see, you know, connect with me on, on X and, and, and places like that where they're like, Hey, I, I was not part of the church at all. I was not a Christian.


And I see all of the evil everywhere. Right. I see the things like you were talking about, like, they, they are sacrificing babies. Like it's the, they, they care about this more than anything else. The, the ability to murder a baby. The, they see things like the Ukraine war, where it's like our rulers just decided to have a war Yes. And kill millions of people for absolutely no reason. And our proxies have banned the majority Christian faith. Yes. Banned the majority Christian faith, the majority faith, which is Christian in Ukraine. And I just wonder, just to go back to the atheist for a second, what do they make of this?


Like, it just, I understand, certainly understand being agnostic. Like, I don't know. You know? I get it. Yeah. I can see why someone would have that viewpoint, for Sure. Yeah. I think that's a pretty normal, you know, place to be. I think it's wrong, but I don't think it's crazy. Yeah. But to be an atheist, to have determined that there is no God. Like what do you make of the things you see around you if you never hold, held someone's hand while he dies? Like, what do you think that is? Yeah. Yeah. You've never felt anything that is clearly outside of what science describes, like how determined are you to ignore your life Yeah. And yeah. That you become an atheist. Like what is, that's crazy. Do you know Any Yeah. I, I I mean, it's funny because most of the people that you talk to are like, when, when they espouse kind of athe atheist ideas Right.


They'll retreat. It's kind of a Martin and Bailey thing where they'll retreat to agnostic. Well, I really, I'm agnostic. I don't really know for sure. Right. So there's very few people, very few especially now, that are like, no, I'm an atheist. There definitely is no God. Right. Okay. Well then how, why is murder wrong? Yeah. Yeah. Exactly. Well, Because it is. 'cause it is. Well, okay. I think it's right. Yeah. So how does, how can you tell me it's wrong? By what authority? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because you feel that way. Yeah. That's your authority. Yeah. Your emotions. And you, you would see this, I remember, So like the people you were saying who are atheists, like, are they ever, some of 'em are smart, I assume. Yeah. Yeah. What do they say to that? I, I remember, I remember watching, you know, previous guest of yours, actually, the man who trained me in ministry, Doug Wilson.


Yeah. Debate Wonderful man. Nice man Christopher hit. Oh, yes. And they, they had that discussion, right. And it was, it was shocking to watch Hitchens say, well, it's, you know, it's common human experience, you know, you know, solidarity with mankind. That's why I think murder is wrong. And of course Doug says to him, well, you know, well, if you saw someone being like, murdered on the street, you, you think that's bad, right? Well, why? And He goes into his whole spiel and he's like, well, what if, what if it's a pregnant woman and her, her baby's being murdered. Right? You would just say, well, no, no, you need to have a, a medical license for that to kill that person. Right. Like, he got, What did Christopher say? He's like, oh, you're being flippant.


You know, he, he wouldn't go down that road. It, What so sad is I knew Christopher very well and always liked him enormously friz, their edition, his ability to recite long passages of poetry, you know, Philip Larkin and Orwell and, you know, he was just a, he, you know, he was a reader, like a real, a dedicated lifelong reader and a wonderful dinner and lunch companion. I had many, many highly drunken dinners with him before I quit drinking. And, but he was such, and so I, I love Christopher, but he was a moralizer. Whoa. Yeah. And I never, I was much younger, 25 years younger than I am now. And I never sort of put it together in my mind. Like, how could an atheist be a moralizer?


Yeah. Doesn't even make any sense, actually. Yeah. And I agreed to them on some things and discreet on others, but he was always like in the pulpit, actually. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. And a lot of the atheists are. Yeah. What Is that? Well, I, I think so much of it is, is atheism really? Is like it an atheist moralizer. Yeah. It's hilarious. Well, it's, it's a Christian heresy. Like they want to, they want to have all the things of Christianity just without, without God there. Right. So they, they want to be able to pursue all of these things, right. They, they want to be able to say, this is right and this is wrong, but have no, no authority to ground it on. Right. Just, just by their say so. Right. It it is such Ous though. I Mean, it's a conundrum.


Yeah. Yeah. What It's wrong. Well, and You can, You can see Why, okay, why, Yeah. You can see why it's breaking down though today Under the weight of its own silliness. Yeah. Yeah. It, it, there, it, it creates this vacuum and it's being replaced by something. So all of the, all of the moralistic energy is still there. And now it's gone to, to things like Transgenderism, abortion. Yes. You know, Gaza, whatev, whatever. Like it goes, it goes to all of those routes. It goes to, you know, bbl m and, and rioting. Yes, that's right. And, and so it's 'cause it's highly Religious, it's in us. Yeah. It's, it's in us. We can't get away from the conviction, the true conviction that some things are right and some things are wrong.


Yeah. Yeah. It's, that's it's fundamentally human. Absolutely. So, but an atheist would have to, by definition, be utterly non-judgmental about everything. Like on they, You, you would think they should be, but they, they're the most judgmental People, you know, it's unbelievable. I mean, Christopher at dinner was always lecturing about the Kurds, and I'm nothing against the Kurds. Yeah. I don't know much about the kds I ran into them in Iraq. I they were the most blood thirsty people in Iraq. I did notice that. Yeah. But he was, so I, again, I'm not against the kds, you know, I'm not an expert in Kurdish, but he man, he would like lay down his life for the Kurds. Yeah. I remember thinking, what is this? And it was the need to sort of find a good guy and a bad guy and Yeah.


Put yourself in the good guy side. Yeah. Yeah. And that's, that's human. Like we, It's human. Yeah. We want that. That's that's totally true. Yeah. So what did you say to your church when you left? That was, Yeah, that was one of the hardest days of my life. I believe it to tell them I'm, I'm leaving, I'm going to Tennessee. And it was, it was difficult, man. I still have a connection with them, relationship with them still. I'm still trying to find them a pastor to replace me. Right. It's hard to, it's, it's hard for me to do that because like, well, you left Andrew, why, you know, you want me to go there now? But they, they need one. And, and they're wonderful, wonderful people who have, have blessed me immensely.


And, and I, I just told them that no, I, I have to leave Minnesota. There is, there's a place for me there in, in Tennessee. And it's, it's ultimately, you know, what is best for my family's future, right there, there's a place where, where my children, you know, can grow up. Because part of it too is it isn't just the things that, that we're leaving, you know, the political cultural things that we're leaving in Minnesota, but it's also, you know, overall the things that have been done to the Midwest, to, to everywhere where my, my children grow up. And if, if they want to have, you know, a career and, and a life and a family and a success of their own, there just isn't much for them in, in small town Midwest.


And, and, and so they'll all just fly the coop. Like, I mean, this is what happened. Like when I graduated from high school, most of the people that I, I grew up with, they all, they all left. They went to the Twin Cities. They went to other, other cities for work and, and for, for careers. And, And so that, that same thing was likely going to happen with, with my children. And I, I look at it and I think, well, my family's been here for six generations and whether it, it's going to end here. Right. And I want, I want to be in a place where we can continue that, where we can be rooted, where, where my children have the ability to stay in a place.


And, and so, so many, so many friends are, are coming to, to Tennessee where, where we are, they're bringing businesses. They're, and, and once you, you know, build things at scale, like the more stuff you're able to do, the more businesses you're able to have, the more opportunity is for, for young people. And, and so Right. If, if my children wanna stay where we are and continue that on generation after generation, like we, we actually will be able to do that. Right. That's it. Isn't it? It wasn't so much just, okay, we need to leave Minnesota, but it's also we're being drawn to a place for a particular reason that there's A, the Tennessee dream, there's A future there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. The, the, the hope of refugees from time immemorial.


Yeah. What did the other churches in the state say as the state itself became a place that faithful Christians couldn't live? I Mean, there, there are a handful of, of churches there that are, that are very strong. Right? There are, there are Christians there that, that oppose these things, but they're so, so vastly outnumbered. Like when I went, when I went to the state capitol to, you know, oppose the abortion bill, there were, there were lots of activists on, on both sides. Pro-life activists and pro ritual sacrifice activists. But there were, there were no other pastors there. I think the, one of the Catholic bishops did a Skype call, zoom call.


But beyond that, there were, there were no other pastors. And I'm thinking like I, my church is, is like 30, 40 people. I'm a, I do this, you know, it's, it's, I tent make, I do, I do a full-time job and then do this. I, I, we're tiny. I'm, I'm small, I'm insignificant. And, And there are churches with 15, 20,000 people, prominent men in, in the Twin Cities. And, and all I had to do was just send an email to the, the clerk of the committee, like, Hey, can I have two minutes to speak? No one showed up. Right. No one is there. And it's like, no, they, they're going to like murder babies up to birth, like enshrine this in, in our law, try to make a constitutional amendment for it.


All of these things. And, and no one is, is opposing it. Like I, I'm the only one that that came, I, I quoted the Bible and, and opposed it as a Christian. Right. They there, there's just so little fight there. Christians built your state Yes. And all of it, and every bit of it. And it's so telling when you go to the Twin Cities, I think of them as Protestant and Catholic. Yeah. Yeah. I think of them as Scandinavian in Minneapolis and Irish. Yeah. And St. Paul and, and others in St. Paul. Yeah. But both of them, especially St. Paul, just littered with churches and schools and Yeah. It's just like the infrastructure of those cities was built by Christians.


Yeah. Yeah. And so it's a little bit crazy that first of all, it's been taken over with people who, who have made a point Yeah. To, you know, to stick a finger in the eye of Christians to make it impossible for them to live there. It's like you're being driven out of your own homeland. Six generations. Yeah. I mean, this is what happened with, with my, my wife is from St. Paul. Her, you know, father's side of the family is Polish Catholic. Yeah. Who went to St. Kasm Church. Exactly. That's exactly in my mind what I think of. Yeah. In the neighborhood that they, they were in, it was all, all Polish people. Yeah. But now it's all, it's all Mung. Right. Everywhere. It's all Mung and, and Somali and everyone there just left over the last two or three Generations what happened to their churches in parochial schools.


And Like, well, St. Kassner's church is there, but it's, it's largely empty. Right. We went there for a, a funeral a couple years ago, but there's, I mean, people still attended, but it's not like, it, not like it was, most of the, most of the parishes there have shut down the church. The church schools have have shut down and, and they've moved out to the suburbs. And so that, I mean, it was, that was a Polish neighborhood. It was, it was. Right. This ethnic enclave, If I can just say they be gone, showing myself to be an ethnic nationalist, the poll, they're just like some of the greatest people. Yeah. Yeah. I've ever met. I don't think I've ever met. Well, I have to say they married one, so. Yeah. Yeah. I Just think they're great people. I, I don't know. I've met many I don't like, but just salt of the earth.


Smart. Yeah. Hardworking. Yeah. Serious about faith and family. Yeah. Great people. Yeah. I doubt it was an improvement, the change to St. Paul. In fact, it wasn't, I've been there. No, It's like when, when her parents finally moved, like the, the whole area is, is just, is run down lots of crime, you know? And it, and it's sad because it was, it was, and you could see the, the, the remnants of what was like the, the, you drive through St. Paul, you see some of the old buildings and how beautiful they were, how much care people put into, it's unbelievable these places. And now they're just falling apart bars on windows everywhere. Factory Workers, like basically tithing to build the infrastructure of church, of churches and schools Yes.


And their own homes. Yeah. You know, people with no money giving Yeah. The maximum amount to build all this stuff for their families. And then it's just some politician decides, oh, this is too white, so we need to Yeah, yeah. Destroy it all and destroy all the people. It it's a crime on a level that only historians will be able to assess. Yeah. Yeah. Clearly. But yeah. Okay. Sorry. So, so can we just before you get into what's happening in Tennessee Yeah. I'm so discursive it's my fault. But what, why aren't the fearsome evangelicals who I will still defend? I'm just saying Absolutely. I'm just saying That the laity Absolutely defend them. Yeah. Well, the laity Yeah. Yeah. Know a million of them. Yeah. And I love them.


In fact, there's some working here right now Yeah. In this office. But the, the preachers, yeah. Like where were they during all of this? Oh, I mean, I, I think it's, it's, it's largely the, the contemporary evangelical mode of being is, is, I mean, so much of it, I, I look back to it being, you know, going all the way back to something like the second grade awakening, right? Where the purpose of, of the, the major change that took place there is, it, it it's all about conversion, right? And, and it becomes a big show and, and marketing and, and all of that.


And that, that's, That's where he got the 10 revival. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Charles Finney, those, those kinds of things. Right. Well, that, that's kind of in the DNA, at least somewhat within evangelicalism. So To put a finer point out what you're saying, the point became the more souls we convert, the more people who, who profess faith. Yeah. That's like the scorecard that we use. Yeah. That's the metric that, that that everyone follows. And, and so you look at it and you think, well, if we just, if we just water it down a little bit more, make it more palatable to People, you know, just get more, more butts in the seats, right. Then that's the metric of success, not right. The internal development, discipleship of people, not, not actual re repentance and conversion, not, you know, fundamental life change and, and so forth.


That traditional Christianity always was, it's if we just get 'em here, and of course if they put some money in the plate and, and they're attending, that's what matters. So you, you see churches where it's like, okay, we have amazing production values, we have a great band and all of these things. And it's, it's all of these entertainments to get people in, or, or the sermon is, is sort of like a self-help talk. There isn't really Bible in it at all. Or if it is, it's like tangentially related to, to something that the pastor wants to say. It's not, alright, we're gonna go through a chapter of Leviticus today and explain what the sacrifices are about. Well, there's no, there, there's none of those things. And so you, you see, you know, many evangelical people Right.


Have not been taught really any bible or theology at all. And you see this in like surveys, like the Barna group does surveys and Right. What people believe about different things and, And they just, they haven't been taught any Bible. They don't, they don't know it. Yeah. And, and so then when, you know, when the, the liberal says, well, the Bible condemns eating shellfish and pork, and in the same way it condemns homosexuality. So what do you have to say about that? And they have no idea how to explain that, what that is about. And, and their faith is shaken or God didn't destroy two cities with sulfur and fire because people were eating pork. That's, sorry. Yes. You destroy them because they tried to commit gay rape on an angel.


Yeah. So that's just, Yeah. And, and, And they, and they'll, they'll say that with, well, the sin of Sodom was hos in hospitality. No, It wasn't. Well, I mean, I guess it it Was gay rape. Yeah. I mean, the least hospitable Thing You can do. I mean, just read it if you want. It's like, it's pretty out there. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, Well, yeah. The least hospitable thing you could do to a guest is to anally rape them. Yeah. Yeah. So I guess All the men of the town came out, they demanded, yeah, We need to know these angels To have sex with these angels. And then lots like, I've got some daughters in here, take them. Yeah. Which kind of takes a lot off my Christmas card list for saying something like that. But whatever he does that, it's in Genesis. And then they're like, no, we wanna rape the dudes. Like, so it's like it's, these are not euphemisms.


It's pretty straightforward. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I actually, I just read Genesis 19 to my children And there were some questions from the kids. It was funny, I read that a couple of years ago for the first time, I'll admit it. And my wife, who's a very serious and just wonderful person, but a serious Christian, we were on a walk and I was, I was told her like what I had read the night before. And she's like, what? What? You know, she's, I mean, she's just like, She's the model for me as a faithful person. But she was like, no, that's no way. You know, I was like, it's in there. That's what happens. Yes, yes. Yeah. And, and, and so I think about that and it's like, I mean, it, it's funny, like even at, at my little, little church, I I, I just preach through the Bible, right?


So I'll just take a chapter and I'll talk about it. I'll explain what's going on all of these things. And I mean, I have, I have some, you know, wonderful people there, older people, they've been Christians, you know, their entire adult lives and they're in their, you know, seventies. And, and one of them said to me, you know, Andrew, that's, that's the first time someone has ever preached from the book of judges in Yeah. A church service. It's a good one. I went through the entire entire book and then, well, let's do Ruth, and then First Samuel and Second Samuel. And, and and, and it's like, whoa. There's so much there. It's unbelievable. So much there. I mean, I, I had, I had friends come down that were sort of, you know, new and, and becoming Christians out of being secular their, their whole lives.


And they're like, whoa, the Bible is extremely metal. This is, this is wild. Like, there's so much like political intrigue happening in Oh, it's so shocking. First and second Samuel. Yeah. And, and I'm like, yeah, I'm, and I'm, I'm explaining it, you know, sort of in like this, you know, mery real politique way and they're just like at the edge of their seats. Like, whoa, whoa. That's crazy that that happened. I know. And, and, and so I love it and I can see why I, I don't claim to understand a lot of it, particularly the Old Testament starting to figure out the New Testament more. But just having read it cold a couple of times, it was like a book like you would read re And there or Moby Dick. It's like the wildest, coolest, most interesting, most profound.


Like those are not overstatements at all. Yeah. And I think everybody should. It's the basis of Western civilization. Yeah. I don't know why people don't read it. There's obviously a reason or, but even if you're an atheist, how could you not read the Bible? Like everything we have is founded on Yes. The ideas in this and like, you're basically illiterate if you haven't read It. Oh, I know. I mean you even, You can see this, it's, it's, it's so funny like when journalists write about the Bible and they're like, oh, there's this weird illusion here that, that, and it's like he's talking about a, a, a whale swallowing a man. I don't really know what's going on. And it's like, that's the book of Jonah. How do you not, how do you not know what that's about? But they, well it's just so they have No idea.


It's just so compelling. Yeah.


Of all the New Year's resolutions, you're likely to put off the one you're most likely to put off and keep putting off is buying life insurance. And you should have life insurance. It's kind of crazy not to, 'cause the future is unknown. You gotta have life insurance, but you may not have life insurance 'cause it's a huge hassle and it can be a huge rip off. But there is an answer policy genius. It makes it very easy and much cheaper. You can find life insurance policies to start at just 292 bucks per year for a million dollars of coverage. And some options, and this is The best part, are a hundred percent online and lets you avoid unnecessary medical exams. The guy with the gloves, you don't want that. If You can avoid it and you may be able to avoid it, 40% of people wind up looking back and wishing they'd had more better life insurance or any life insurance. It could have helped their families enormously PolicyGenius can fix that for you. Peace of mind. That's what they're really selling. The address policygenius.com/tucker. Or click the link in the description to get your free life insurance quotes and see how much money you could save and how much hassle you could save. policygenius.com/tucker.


Even Leviticus, which I read on a flight to Europe one night, it made myself, 'cause you know Yeah. Had eight hours on a plane and I texted my wife from the plane And I was like, this is excellent actually. Yeah. It's just excellent. I thought it was gonna be all like sacrificing doves. 'cause you have your period that's in there. Yeah. But like 95% of it made sense to me. Well, I mean it's, and it's real like it's, it's, it's tangible, right? It's, you know, in theological terms, incarnational. Like it's, you're, you're the, the real tangible world that people interact with, right? That's there. And it, people always ask me like, well Andrew, what's your favorite book of the bible? And I, and I love to, I mean, sometimes I love to get a rise outta people, but I, I tell them, well, Leviticus is, and, and they're like, what?


Really? And I'm like, yeah. Like, I mean, I'm, I'm a pastor. My calling is to, is to preach the gospel and to lead worship. And, and that book right there, all of it is about how do sinful people draw near and approach the presence of a holy just righteous God that cannot bear sin at all. And there it's laid out for us, all of it. And and even like, you look at Leviticus chapter nine, like you read that, maybe You remember reading it. I'm actually, you know, going through this with, with my church right now in Tennessee. But Leviticus chapter nine is the entire liturgy of the church right there, each, each of the sacrifices and all of the like western liturgy for 2000 years basically follows it.


Right. You, you're called into the presence of God. You, you confess your sins. I mean, you, you may probably like your Episcopalian upbringing book of common prayer. Like you, you probably track with this, right? You confession. They never, they never admitted that at our church. Yeah, That's right. Maybe they didn't have a confession to sin of yours, but, but there's a confession of, of sin, right? Then there's an ascension, right? The ascension offering in chapter one of Leviticus, right. The entire, the worshiper puts his hand on the animal, right, saying like, this animal's me. And then the entire thing is, is consumed is burned up. Right Ola, right where the word holocaust comes from, consumed, burned up, goes up to God in, in smoke. And that's you, right?


That's when, and and then the New Testament where it says, right, the word of God is living in active, sharper than any twoedged sword. What's the sort of the priest that cuts the, the animal and puts it on the altar and burns it up? Well, that's what's happening When the church hears the Bible read And he hears it preached, right. You're being cut up by the word of God and ascending up to God in smoke. And then the next part of the service is the peace offering. Well, that's communion, right? You sit down and have a meal with, with God and then you're sent out, right? The entire liturgy is right there. Like our actual worship that we do now, right after the death of Jesus and resurrection of Jesus, right. Sacrifice is done away with because he, he is that sacrifice.


And we're going through all of that each time we worship and, and renew the covenant with God. And, and like you see that in, in, in Leviticus and it's like Whoa. Actually, there's so much to learn here in this book about what we are doing every, every Sunday when we, when we worship God. So I'm like, yeah, this, of course, that's my favorite book, right? Not just because I'm autistic and like lots of rules and regulations, right? It's like reading the, reading the instructions on a, on the monopoly game, you know? Like, no, it's, it's, it's, it's there Like so much is happening. It's, it's, it's beautiful. And, And the prescriptions or the prohibitions more precisely are surprisingly like sensible.


Yeah. Yeah. And one of the challenges to atheism is to explain why the atheist would agree with the overwhelming majority of what's prohibited. Yeah. Because it's, it's in him, he knows that's wrong. Don't have sex with your sister. Okay. Oh, Okay. Yeah. And Most people, most atheists would be like, yeah, well, obviously, but of course he has no grounds upon which to say that. Yeah. There's literally no law he can appeal to, to say that. He says that obviously, because like he grew up and was, is reared and, and absorbed by osmosis, like Christian culture where that's prohibited. I Think that's right. Yeah. But I also think in primitive cultures that have never had exposure to Christianity, I mean, I don't know that there are many cultures where most of the prohibitions in Leviticus would be considered crazy.


No. Or esoteric, or like, why would you ban that? It's like every one of 'em are like, of course. Well, even like you, you think about this, there was, there's a, a pastor theologian, brilliant guy, Peter Lahar, who wrote a book delivered from the Elements of the world. And, and in that he shows, I mean, there, there's tons of just amazing stuff in this book, but one of the things that he shows is that Right God makes these restrictions for, for Israel in the old covenant, that sets them apart as, as this holy people, as the priestly people and but elsewhere in the world, right? They all have something like that, right.


All, all throughout the ancient world, right. Their gods had something like a fun house mirror version of Leviticus, where it's like, okay, right. Here's all these rules about sex and, and what makes you clean and unclean and food you can't eat. Yes. And can't eat. Like the Egyptians had this, the Babylonians, the, the Persians, like Greeks, all of them have these kinds of, the, the, The Mayans, the Inca, the Aztecs, the, The Nor like my ancestors, the, the Germanics. Like they all had these, these rules and it's, well, it's because in the ancient world, right? They're all under their own particular gods, right? Yes. And what what Jesus does is he comes And he, he takes the world back from Satan and from all the, the demons that ruled over the ancient world, and, and now he's reigning over heaven or that, that's actually like the book of Revelation, right?


That's actually like what's going on in that book, the, The much maligned book of Revelation. Yeah. Like I, I know you had, you had John Rich on, you know, last year and he's talking about dispensationalism and things like that. And I was like, oh, oh, I'm gonna be in Tennessee. I need to meet him and talk to him about this. Did you? I I haven't no, I I have no way I'm gonna get in touch with him. Maybe, maybe after this if, if you used to watch it. Yeah. You He's a good man. Oh, I, I Love, I mean, he was the soundtrack of my youth of country music. Like he wrote all those songs, right? So on that basis alone, right. But where he is talking about like dispensationalism and what has happened in, in American Christianity for the last, you know, 130 years, how it's actually a novel new thing.


And, and for me it was, it was like, yeah, I, I looked at that. I mean, I remember, you know, growing up and that's just everything like left behind and, and the raptures coming and all of that When I, so I missed all of that. Yeah, Yeah. What You're talking about. Yeah. It's, it's a thing like, like, especially, and of course like I'm, I'm very critical of it, but like, these are the, these are The best people in America that believe it. Like the, the people that have like six Trump flags on the back of their truck. Oh, I totally agree. Like, they, they also believe that, well, the rapture is coming tomorrow and we need to be ready for it. And so I'm, anytime I'm critical of it, I'm like, okay, I'm not critical of the people.


Like there's not a moral defect that they believe these things. I, I totally, first of all, Thank you for saying that. Second, I, I feel what you're saying, especially with the evangelicals. I, I look at these, you know, grease ball preachers who I, I honestly, I find disgusting, and then I see the people who go to their churches and I'm like, oh, I love you. You're exactly my kind of people. You're the most decent people in this country. You're trying your very hardest against headwinds that are so unfair, and you're doing a great job anyway. And I just love them. I really mean it. I love them. So I never want to criticize ever. Yeah. Right. Because Yeah, yeah, Yeah. And so like, and, and so like, whenever I'm, I'm critical of that theology, I'm like, I have to make sure people know, like, I'm not criticizing you because you're great, awesome people.


Like even when I, when I first went to the, the town in Gainesboro before we decided to, you know, before we made our move, it was right after the hurricane, which it wasn't far from there. And, and this is a town that, like, they don't have a whole lot. The the median income is not very high in this town, but I'm, I'm driving around in every gas station. Where is it? Gainesboro Tennessee is in Jackson County. It's like north central Tennessee. Okay. And, excuse me. Yeah. And So every gas station, Every gas station has like signs up like, Hey, we're going to, we're going to Western North Carolina to go help out. And it's like, like people that don't have a whole, like, they're, they're taking their time and, and Oh yeah. What little money they have to go help people. And meanwhile, you know, the Biden administration is sending billions more to Ukraine and to Oh, I know.


Into Israel and everything. And they're taking their time. It's like, these are wonderful people. Amazing. They are. And I will say for Trump, whatever people think of Trump, I know Trump well enough to have talked to him about this kind of stuff. And, you know, away from cameras and his affection, love, gratitude toward those specific people is totally real. Yeah. Yeah. And You can argue about whether, you know, which policies serve those people best or whatever, but it all leadership begins with love. Yeah. And if you don't love the people you lead, you'll mistreat them. And You see it reciprocated, right. They love him and, but it's totally real. Yeah. And yeah. Completely real. And it's emotional. Yeah. And he's like, I love those people. Yeah. And he means it, And, And He eat McDonald's in private.


Yeah, That's right. So That is, I just wanna say that. 'cause I know that for a fact. Yeah. You know, a lot of politics is obviously fake and Yeah. But that part, that specific part of Trump, like loving people like that. Oh, man. Well, and it, It's the people that are, you know, the most maligned in our country. Like, like the, if, and the only people You can make fun of are like rural southern Appalachian people. Right. That's free game. You can criticize them all you want. Yes. And mock them. Like, you know, Jimmy Kimmel can, can make fun of them all day long on his show. No other group of people can you do that for. And, and they're the people that have been, have been dispossessed of their country the most.


And, and you, like, that's just a big reason why we moved to this place, is these are the people that are hated. I want to go live with them. Yes. I, I wanna be around these because they're great people With the wonderful people with, and cheerful too. Yeah. Wonderful People. Yeah. I, I live in a place with a lot of people like that. And, you know, every third person has a child or grandson who's died of a drug od and like, there's no year round work, and there's just a lot of problems. And these are like, You can pull into their driveway on a Sunday And they will just, they'll have a six pack and they'll give you two of them. Yeah. I mean, they really are just the most generous, kind, hilarious, wise, just good people. Yeah. The best, The best, The best that this country's ever produced, in my opinion.


Yeah. AB absolutely. And I'm not, I'm not from those people at all. So I'm like coming at this like, wow, these people are incredible. Yeah, absolutely. And, and so I, you know, I think about that, right? And, and I think about the theology that has been that it, that has shaped, you know, their outlook. And, and it's understandable because like, you're, especially in the midst of like, serious decline, it's like, well, actually it's sort of attractive to have this eschatology where everything is coming to an end, right? You can understand why people would, would eat that up, but the people that actually built America, right. You know, the puritans and, and all of the, the settlers of this country, you think of even like the, the founding generation, that, that theology did not exist yet, that wasn't until the middle of the 19th century that it came into being like they were actually optimistic.


Right. They, they viewed right this continent as, as a place for, for Christians to, to build, to, to grow, to have a future. What an interesting point. Well, I've never thought of that before. So dispensationalism for those who haven't followed it, is normally criticized and defended because of its interpretation of what Biblical Israel is now. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So it's like, it's a super electric topic, both very sensitive theologically and politically. Absolutely. And people get com utterly hysterical about it and start calling you names or whatever. Yeah. So there's that. But you are saying that the deeper, or a deeper problem with it is that it makes people pessimistic.


Yeah. Can you flush it out a little bit? Yeah. So I, I think it, if, if, I mean, if you think, if you go your entire life believing that any minute the world is going to come to an end Yes. That I'm gonna float up into heaven and my clothes will be here, and Yes. And everything, everything we we're gone. It's, it's done. It's over. Right. Well, that, that takes a, people that ordinarily are, are very low time preference that, that build things for the future. That, that delay gratification all of those kinds of things. And it flips it around, it makes them very high time preference where it's like, well, if the world's not gonna be around tomorrow, why invest in anything?


Yes. For today? And You can even see this in terms of architecture. Yes. Right. You think of the, the buildings that, that churches have. Well, they, they, they're in strip malls or they're, you know, just, they're kind, it's garbage ugly. Yeah. It's garbage. Yeah. And, and you look at the buildings that it's A former, former pet store in the mall. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. And, and you look at the buildings that Christians had before, this was the dominant theology. And they're gorgeous, they're beautiful. And there were very poor people that made them, like you said earlier. I know, I know. And, and it's like that, that, that right there, like, you see it tangibly that, and, and you think about that in terms of all of life That is so smart. And what, what was the phrase you used? Low time preference. Yeah. Low, low time preference. Does that mean, so it's like an economic phrase, right?


So Right. Your, your preference in terms of time. Please, please respect my ignorance. Yes. Yes. It, it just means that you, you're going to wait longer for things. It's, it's sort of like the marshmallow test with little kids, right. Where Yes. Yeah. Where the one where like in five minutes you'll get two marshmallows, or he can eat this one right now. Right. Well, the, the, the child that says, oh, I'll wait, I want two. Right. Well, he's gonna go on and have more success and, and and so forth. Versus the one that has that immediately grabs the one and eats it. Right. Well, that's, that's low time preference. It's, it's people that will delay gratification, who will save and invest and, and build things for the long term, for the future And for future generations.


Yes. Yes. They plant oak trees. Yes. Who plants oak trees. Yeah. Well, I mean, we're going to, in Tennessee, we wanna have bring back the American chestnut in, in Tennessee. Ah, we wanna bring that back. Yeah. Are you putting in evergreens, please? Oh, I think everything, yeah. I mean, there's, there's pines. Yeah. There's trees. Please Don't neglect the pine. Oh Yeah, yeah. I know. It's a fast growing tree, relatively speaking, but it's, It's Beautiful. It's the answer in Cedars if You can, if you have water. Yeah. I don't, I don't know if we'll be able. I mean, there are Some. Okay. Okay. Yeah. Now we're getting into, since you're A pre Old Testament scholar, what was the inside of the temple clad with Cedar. Yeah. From Lebanon. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. So God himself said cedar. That's right. Yeah. An accident.


And he was pretty specific about it. Yeah. Yeah. It, it smells great. I mean, maybe There's a reason why sauna has cedar on the That's right. That's, that's right. Did just think Of, I always tell my kids That, just think of it like the temple. Yeah. It's My Cedar church. Yes, that's right. No Sacrifices. However,


well, here's something you may not have known. This network almost didn't exist. Trademark issue almost prevented us from launching by blocking us from using the name TCN. Now, a company called the American Country Network own the rights to that trademark. And we were not sure if they would give them up looking back. American Country Network could have demanded a lot of money. They could have held us up at gunpoint in exchange from the name TCN. And a lot of businesses would've done that, but they didn't. They were incredibly nice. They gave us the name for free And they gave it to us quick. That's, we realized this is not your average company at all. These are really, really nice people. And we're glad this happened. 'cause it let us get to know the American Country Network. It turns out it's a great place. Its leaders are excellent people of the same values that we do. And we think that you do. American Country Network is a family friendly, conservative Christian group bringing The best country music to millions of households across the country. And it's growing fast. They launched just last year. They plan to reach 40 million homes in 2025 as the only Nashville based country music network left. There's only one American country network is here to stay. We really cannot recommend them highly enough to you. And we're grateful to them for their kindness to us. They did it for no reason other than to be nice. So we're, we're especially grateful for that. We always are. So go to acn country.com to enjoy everything they have, including their 24 7 live stream. We hope you will.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. Oh, What a price they have. My favorite brand. It's like a I do, woo. I'm saving so much. Yeah. Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals. You'll love Burlington. I told you. So.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify, upgrade your business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet shop pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going Cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are, visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today.


I'm sorry I've gone so far Field, but we we're, but so your point is that dispensationalism not only has specious theological elements, which Yeah, I I think very obviously it does. Yeah. By the way, it, it, it, the whole theology was like laid out in the end notes. It's not actually in the Bible. No. It's like interpretation in the, that version of The Bible. I mean, John Nelson Darby and Cyrus Scofield. And, and it, it's, and and there's, I mean, they'll claim that there are antecedents from the early church. Like, well, this guy believed in, in something like the Rapture. And it's like, it's, it's always very, like you said, species. Yeah. It, I, that's, that's my read as a non theologian. But it does seem incredibly silly, but, but sincere, so, okay.


Yeah. People Yeah, exactly. People sincerely believe it. So A hundred percent mock them. A lot of people I really like and respect believe. Yeah. So I just wanna say that, but you saying that the cost is even deeper 'cause it changes your worldview and makes it very difficult for you to engage in the labor of, like, for example, loving people around you and building something beautiful, which are also Christian imperatives. Is that what You're saying? Yeah. I, I think so. And it, it also, yeah. So it, it, it it forces you into, into an immediacy. Right. We gotta do everything right now because there isn't gonna be a future. Yes. Right. There's not going to be, I mean, and I, I heard this all the time growing up. Well, you know, we're not gonna be around, we're gonna be raptured.


So why, why plan for the future? Why build things for the future? Why, why plan? You Heard that growing up? Oh Yeah. This was, this was just everywhere in Evangelicalism. Did you grow up In that? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I did. And I remember, I remember in college when I was first getting into more historical theology or thinking like, what did people believe before the 19th century about things? And, and it's like, oh, for the First 1800 years. Yeah. What, what did they act? Well, they were, they're various different eschatological schools. Like there's all sorts of different views of, of how the end works. But when I first get into that, and I'm thinking like, oh, I don't know if I actually believe in the rapture. And I remember being in college and in campus ministry and telling people this.


I'm like, I don't know if I actually believe in that. I mean, it, it was, it was like, I just uttered the greatest heresy of all time, really. Like, I could have said, I, I probably could have said, well, you know, just denied the Trinity or something. Right. And they would've been like, oh, well that's interesting. But saying, I don't think there's a rupture. What are you serious? Right? Like, that is central doctrine to, to many Christians. And, and it has this deep, you know, emotional connection. 'cause I mean, if you've been, if you've grown up your entire life hearing this, and it's just assumed by everybody, right. It's, it's hard to break out of that, Even those, the everybody of the historic church of millions or billions of Christians.


Right. It's actually a tiny minority in the history of the church that has believed that. But presently it's a majority of evangelicals. Yeah. It seems like that theology is dying. That's just my sense. But I, I'd be the last to really know. No, I, I think your, your instincts are correct. I I think some of it is, I mean, some of it too, especially in the latter half of the 20th century, right after Right. Israel is formalized as a state. And in 1948, well, that, that gives like big confirmation that okay, things are happening. Like there's an Israel in Revelation and a temple in Revelation. So it's happening guys. So we've got 40 years, right? 1988, that's the end. Well, then that doesn't happen. And then people make all sorts of other guesses.


Oh, Was, I wasn't even aware of that. So the idea was 1988 saying the world Yeah. 40 years after 1948. Right. That, that's when the rapture is coming. That was a, you know, I think it was, there was a book, like 88 Reasons Why Jesus is Coming back in 1988. Right. And I'm sure it sold a lot of copies and then of course didn't, didn't happen. Wow. But, but Mike Cuss lost. That's True. No, I mean, I, that's not obviously the rapture, but, you know, whatever, we'll take it For, for people in Massachusetts. Maybe it was, but, but yeah, it, it, it, it, you know, it's, it's just so interesting because like, I, I look at it like, you look at Matthew 24, right.


That, that's the big, you know, the big text that people point to, and what does it say where Jesus says, well, there, you know, there's gonna be wars and rumors of wars and earthquakes in various places and plagues and things like that. But right before it, right. Which Jesus is in the temple and he's fighting with the chief priests, And he, he's telling them, you know, he's just, he's fighting with them at Passover. So thousands of people surrounding them, he's embarrassing them in the temple. And His boldness is really shocking Yes. To people who haven't read it before. Yes. The rage that he displays at the leadership. Yes. The religious leadership is just like, like, It's, it's nothing else.


It comes right off the page. And, and, and, which is so ironic because you see evangelicals who are like, you need to be more Christ-like, right. You need to be, which means like wimpy and weak and inoffensive Sweeping into the temple and knocking over tables and driving people out with a whip, And then, and then going into the temple and giving this parable Right where of the vineyard. Right. He's like, yeah, first I sent, I sent this servant, you beat him and, and stoned him, and then you killed the other, another one. Well, I'll send my son, they'll respect him, and then you, it's the heir, right. If we kill him, we could take the vineyard for ourselves. Right. And he ask, what, what's he gonna do to these people? Well, he's gonna, he's gonna come And he's gonna destroy all of them.


And, and it's like, And they knew. Right. It the hilarious thing, I think like reading the gospels is Right. Jesus is giving parables, and the point of the parables is actually to conceal what he's saying. And people are like, whoa. What's that? Even his own disciples are like, what, what's that about? I don't really know. Like, I, it doesn't make any sense. But telling parables to the chief priests and the Pharisees and all the leaders of Israel, and they're like, oh, that's about us. I think it says they understood it was about them. They knew It does, And they decided to kill him. Yeah. And so they, they, the parables are like obscured everybody else, but when it's about them, like, oh, he's talking about us. Right. And, and, but, but Talk about speaking truth to power. I mean, yeah.


Like, yeah. I, I I don't know how that Jesus was kept for me as a, you know, lifelong church goer. I have no idea. Yeah. But you just read it. I would recommend everyone read it, non-Christians alike. But he's There. He's right there. And especially the gospel of Matthew. I love it because it is, but Mark too. Yeah. All, all four, I mean, obviously all four of 'em. But like Matthew in particular is so cool to me because like you read it and the way it's organized is Jesus is recapitulating the entire history of Israel. Right. So right in the very beginning, he, He goes out into the wilderness for 40 days and 40 nights. Right. Just like Israel's in the wilderness for 40 years, right. Is tempted by Satan.


He comes right after, after he crosses the or goes, is baptized in the Jordan, is like crossing the Red Sea, goes into the wilderness, then after that, right? He is, he's preaching a sermon on a mountain expounding the law, which is, which is Moses on Sinai. Right. And, and after this, he's telling parables of the kingdom. Like he's like, he's David, or like he's Solomon writing Proverbs writing Psalms. And then he begins all of these excoriations of, of the high priesthood and the Pharisees and all the leaders of, of Israel. Well, what's that like? It's like the prophets, right? So he's, he's reliving the whole history of Israel in his, his lifetime.


What's Matthew doing there? What's the Holy Spirit doing there? It's showing that Jesus is Israel, right? He's the true Israel. Right. He is the, as as the apostle Paul says, he's the chosen seed of Abraham. Right? He's the one that carries out Israel's mission, which is, you know, just dove bill. I'm, I'm kind of doing the weave too, like, like, like doing the weave. It's, it's Trumpian. It is people, I mean, when I'm preaching, people are like, Andrew, you're, you're doing the weave. I'm like, president Trump. And I try not to. Well, like Trump, it's interesting. I try not to do the hand motions and, and things like him too. But we all have our re own rhetorical style. But it, it's interesting because Right, like the whole dispensational thing where it's like, okay, right.


The old covenant still somehow sort of exists and there's still this, you know, this distinction between Jew and Gentile out there. Well, like the whole New Testament talks about this, that no. Right. Those, that, that separation that existed in the old covenant, right? They're, they're brought together as one in Jesus who is the true Israel, the true, the, the successful Israel. The Israel that's obedient and goes to the death and is vindicated by being resurrected. Right. And, and that, that old covenant, it's done, it's over. Right. Those distinctions between Jew and Gentile, they're gone. This Says that only about a thousand times. Yeah. In every book of the New Testament. So to come to the opposite conclusion does make you sort of wonder, like, have you read it?


Yeah. And, and, and exactly. And, and, and whether you Believe it or not, that's just not what it says at all. Yeah. And, and so you think about that and it's like, okay, the, these two are brought together. I mean, the whole book of acts is, is about this, right. That the, the, the Holy Spirit not only goes to the apostles and, and the Jews in, in Jerusalem, but the Gentiles get it too. Like Peter goes to Cornelius. Oh, yeah. And he believes, and, and now here is this Roman, right. This Gentile. And, and the interesting thing about that too is there's this misconception that the only people in the Old Testament that believed in God were Jews. But it's like everywhere they go, there are these Gentile God fears that believe in God. And Cornelius is one of them in the New Testament.


Well, it's, it's All through, it's all through the, the New Testament. And In fact, Jesus calls out repeatedly Yeah. Gentiles as the most faithful. Yes. Repeatedly Yes. The Roman officer. Yes. Yes. Again, like, I mean, he, he says this in, in the gospels, like he's, he's talking about right. The faithful or faithless and adulterous generation. Right. He's talking about Israel and Right. He's saying in, in the resurrection. Right. Sodom and Gomorrah and Ty and sadden, they'll, they'll rise. Right? So Right. Sodom destroyed for trying to rape angels, they will rise up in judgment on this generation.


Because if the things that I'm doing right, if the son of God appeared to them and preached to them, they would've repented. Right. If, and, and, and Nineveh, right. This gentile city in the Old Testament of Assyrians, right. Brutal blood thirsty people. Right. Noah shows up, or Jonah shows up, And he, he preaches, and his only message is 40 days Nineveh's gonna be destroyed. Right. He, he's, he's gleeful about this, and the king hears about it. He, he repents, he makes all the people in the city wear sackcloth and ashes. And it's like, well, I don't really know what's gonna happen, but this is, this looks serious.


We better repent. And, and it, I mean, we're gonna go in the deep weeds here, if you let me, you know, this is, I'm not filibustering like, like President Putin did. But, but Right. You look at the book of Jonah in particular, he is, he, he flees not because he's afraid of the Assyrians. Right. He, he like, that's the, what people think is like, he's scared to go there. No. Like you read the end of the book of Jonah, And he, he's arguing with God at the end, And he, he's saying, I knew that you would show mercy on these people. Right. I knew you would show the mercy.


That's why I didn't want to go. Right. He was trying to, he was trying to outwit God, like trick God into not being gracious to these gentiles, because he knows in, in the law, right. In Deuteronomy. Right. One of the signs that Israel's about to be cursed is that he's going to call nations. Right. The gentiles, right. Nations that do not know him to himself. He's going to go to the Gentiles and away from Israel. Yeah. And that means judgment is going to come upon Israel. So Jonah knows this, and he's like, I am going the opposite direction. I'm going to Tarshish to Spain. Yeah. Because I am not going to let God judge my people. Right. That's why he's angry about this.


And it gets even more interesting because Jesus talks about the sign of Jonah to Israel, and people think, oh, well, Jonah's, he's talking about the resurrection being in, in the ground for three days and three nights. And it's like, that's, I mean, that's, that's symbolic. That's typological. He's drawing on that typology. But it's not about that. It's that what's going to happen, Gentiles are going to hear the gospel and not you. Yeah. Right. And that judgment is going to come on Israel. Right. Judgment is going to come on this generation. And that's what Jesus says at the beginning of Matthew 24, is these things are going to happen in this generation. Right. He's walking with the disciples in the temple, and they're, they're marveling at the, I mean, we would marvel too.


I mean, beautiful. Like the whole thing is cladding gold on the outside. It's gorgeous, beautiful giant, I mean, massive stones that you, it boggles your mind how mega human beings could move these things and build this stuff without, you know, modern power tools. Right. They're marveling at the, the temple. And Jesus says like, what are you looking at? Right. Do you not know that not one stone is going to be left upon another very soon? And they're like, oh boy, when's this going to happen? Well, 37 years later, actually. Yeah. Well, I think it's, we could, we could debate, you know, I think it's, well whenever, but the 40 years later, but yeah. 40, 40 years later. But I mean, I'll be autistic on that point with you. The, the second revolt. Yeah. It's normally said to be 70.


I think the resurrection's in 30. I mean, we we're, we're coming up on 2000 years of that. The point is the Romans, it's actually crazy the effort that they, I mean, I'm sure you've been there to the site and I haven't, I maybe one day, oh, you should Go, Jerusalem Is the most amazing city and they've, anyway, but, but they just went to such a great effort to Yeah. Separate every stone, destroy Everything. Yeah. So how much they didn't just burn it and sack it. Okay. Got it. But they actually dismantled it. Yes. Piece by piece. How many slaves did that take? Yeah. How much money did that take? Yeah. How much effort, human effort did it, why would you do that? Why would you bother to do that? Yeah. So, okay.


I just want, and I'm so sorry for the excursions, but I want to get to your destination, which is Tennessee. Yeah. Yeah. Can you be a lot more specific about what you're doing there? Yeah. I know there have been attempts to paint this as some sort of white supremacist enclave or theocracy or whatever. What actually is it? Can you describe it? No, so, so really it's, it's a, you know, a real estate venture to build, to build communities to build. And, and I'm even hesitant, you know, to call it like subdivision. 'cause it's not subdivisions. It'll be, it's large properties, you know, 2, 3, 10 acre lots where people, Has someone already bought the land, the big Parcel.


Yes. Yes. Ridge runners bought the parcels. It's being divided up and sold, you know, as we speak. And one of them, you know, my church is gonna build a church like right at the center. And so it's, so imagine, you know, so there's kind of two kinds of development that happen, or really just one kind. It's just built massive cul-de-sacs subdivisions Right. Houses for BlackRock. Yeah. That kind of thing. Yes. And, and like, that's not how America was built, right? No. My, like my town, you know, is founded in the, in the middle of the 19th century. And like the first thing that gets built, like everywhere else would, were churches, right? Yeah. And then schools. And that's not featured anywhere in any, you know, subdivisions or, or real estate developments at all.


There's no place for people to congregate and have a actual community. Yeah. Yeah. Like you, you see all of these ones. I mean, I, I've seen some of the plans in like, places around like the Dallas-Fort Worth area where it's like they have a lazy river And they have all these nice amenities like that. There's never like a church, right. There's never any anything that the old America once had. And, and so yeah. My, my church is gonna build, its building there families from all over the country. Some of them, you know, know me, I've, I've known them and they've been dying to get out of their, their blue state city, you know, horrible existence out of the traditional subdivision into, into a place where they can have land, where they can have, you know, have some chickens, maybe a cow like, like live like Americans, you know, used to Yeah.


And, and be out in nature and, and, and enjoy, you know, beautiful things. Right. To build something like that, because that, that's happening like everywhere. Like it's development. Right. All, especially in Tennessee. Like, it's, it's like here in, in Florida, just exploding. Right. So many people moving there because they're trying to get out of Yeah. Of these places. And, and so what gets built, right. Black rock style subdivisions and, and just hideous buildings. Hideous. Yeah. Yeah. And, and very anti-human. Right? And, and so this is development that is, is human scaled, it's built for people to enjoy actual life. Right. For, for people to, to congregate in the same area where they hold, you know, similar values.


Right. You don't want, you don't want to live in a place where everybody hates you and hates what you think. No. And hates that. You, you love Donald Trump, you love your country, you love your God. I've done that. You don't, You don don't want that. No. And tons of people, it was like, oh, well wouldn't it be great if I had neighbors that, you know, we, we pretty much agreed on on everything. We, we, we, you know, agree on everything politically, culturally, all of that where you, and then You don't even have to talk about it. It's just have normal, normal life together. Right. Your kids can play with their kids and, and grow up together. Right. That's, that's the kind of thing that, you know, that's being built there in Tennessee. And so I'm, I'm so excited to be a part of it.


The fact that there's a church at the center of it is, is a red flag for the authorities in most places. Oh yeah. And certainly for the cultural commentators and the, and, and the media. And it was any other religious institution, of course it would be, it'd be great. That would be your c Quote community. Well, they're, they're praising the, the Muslim communities in, of course, in Texas. Of course. Of course. For instance. Yeah. Right. Or the illegal alien communities in Texas or whatever. Yeah. But a Christian churches, and I don't think any Christians should be surprised. I mean, the Bible says you're gonna be persecuted for believing this, so, And they are alright. Prediction come true. Yeah. But tell us the response to this, this dangerous venture of yours. Well, you know, like locally, the people in town are, and, and in the surrounding area, even despite like the news attacking us and things like that, the people that I, that I, I've spoken to, the people I've met in the town are, are very, you know, they're, they're like, like very enthusiastic actually that Yeah.


Especially when they see, you know, see the things that I do see the podcast I do or, or various things. Yes. Like, oh, like, you're not at all like the TV man said you are. And of course, these are people that, you know, that we've been describing. Like, they, they don't trust the media. They don't trust journalists. No. So they're already, they're already dis distrusting of, of that. They're like, oh, it just seems like you really like Donald Trump and the United States and Americans and the constitution and our freedoms. And I was like, you seem like a just normal, you know, conservative kind of guy. And I'm like, yeah, I, I am. That's, I'm an open, open book. Like I, there's no, you know, what you see is what you get, what I, what I believe I earnestly believe.


And so, so people are very, have been very ex very kind. But The state legislature hasn't tried to No, No Mess with your zoning permits or anything like that. No. And, and, and, and the, the thing is, it's like, well, the, the company itself is not saying, well, this is a community like that would, you know, violate the Fair Housing Act, right. To say this is a Christian only community, it's just that my church is allowed to build a church there. Right. There's no law against that at all. And, and I can, I can call up friends and say, Hey, you wanna move here and be part of our thing that we going on? What are The costs? Like, Oh, the cost of living is, you know, extremely low.


Like there's no, there's no income tax in Tennessee, just like, like Florida. And, and so it's, it's, especially compared to large cities, you know, much, much cheaper place to live. So a lot of people are like, oh wow, that's only gonna cost me this much for a home. It would cost me two or three times that if I were to build something like this. And I get land to have, Are are houses being built there? They're starting to be, yeah. Yeah. My, my, my friend CJ actually is right in the right, in the beginning stages of, of building his his dream house. He's one, gonna be one of the first ones. That's quite a concept. Do you think that, and you've written a book about this called the, the Bonface option, which was controversial, but also loved like all good things.


That's right. Kind of. Maybe you're speaking self-referential, but, or No, No, no, no, no. I'm not about, no, I was just saying like, you know, it's pistachio ice cream, you know, like, not everyone loves it, but the people who do really, do you really do. Yeah. Yeah. So, but I think you suggest that, that like, it's, it's time for Yeah. For, for sincere Christians to be in fellowship with each other, like physically. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Especially 'cause you know, you see, you know, sort of like online communities where, where people are like, oh, I, I, I like this pastor. I like the, you know, sermons that he preaches or I, I, I, I agree with this theology and I'm being, you know, formed in shape and you kind of, you band into, into groups online where you, you sort of self sortt and, And there are these massive communities on, on the internet.


It's like, well, what if, what if we took that, this like digital community that exists, and what if we made it in real life? Right. What would that that be like? Right. And that's kind of, sort of what, at least, at least for me, what I'm trying to do is what if we, we bring people together in real life? What, what kind of stuff can we do? Like, I'm trying to just make it on my own. Right. Just eek out in existence. But what if we all did that together and multiplied, you know, our, our respective bandwidths. Right. What kind of stuff would we be able to, and You expect have businesses there too. Yeah. People are already moving their, their businesses there. Yeah. And, and the, the exciting thing is, and it wouldn't be just like the people moving in, right?


They're the only ones working at these businesses. Like, it will, it will help the people that are from there, the local community, which is, you know, throughout the, you know, because of macroeconomic forces, geopolitical things, things that were done to our country, all all the manufacturing and, and real good jobs that used to exist in a place like this, those are all mostly gone. And so what would it look like if we brought those things back? Right. How would it, how would it bless the people in that area? Right. That's, that's a, a lot, a major part of it. Yeah. And, and so that's, that's the exciting thing is, whoa, we can, we, we come to a place like this. We bring our, our friends that have, you know, some of them have remote jobs and, and, and good incomes.


They can, they'll, people will spend money locally and businesses will spring up because of that. People will bring businesses and need employees and, and the, you know, the people in the area will, will flourish in a way that they haven't for, for quite a while. That's the pioneer spirit. Yeah. For people who are interested. What's the name of it? This again, Ridgerunner. So the Highland Rim Project. Highland Rim Project. Highland Rim Project. Yeah. So the website is ridgerunner usa.com. Look at That. Say. Yeah. So I have one last question for you. Do you expect, I mean, what you described in your home state, in your hometown is basically the persecution of Christians, the people who built the United States.


And that is a trend. Do you expect, where do you expect that trend to go? To the extent You can predict it? That's the most difficult thing. Of course, always making predictions. It's of course, but I I think it will go in, in two directions. So, you know, you have the left. I mean, you see this right now, just how violent they are. They're just itching to destroy things, destroy people. They're burning Teslas. They're, they're, they, they, they shot President Trump. Right. They, they're very, very, very violent people. And of course, like the political apparatus on their side loves that. Right. They never condemn it. Of course, they never say these things are bad. Of course, of course. And we saw the same thing, their Youth brigades.


Yeah. They, we, they're Militia in 2020. Right. The same, the same exact exact thing. And so I think, you know, and, And there have been, you know, instances of, of churches being, you know, shot at and burned down and, and, and bombed and things like this. I think those kind of things will, will continue to happen and continue to get worse. Especially in blue states and blue cities where it's basically allowed, you know, George Soros just handpicks all the prosecutors, and they're not going to enforce these laws. And, but on, on the flip side, they're, they're, they're still like tens of millions of Christians, very conservative evangelicals and, and the, like, they, they just got President Trump elected.


Right. And, and political power is being wielded. And that, and that's always right. That's always the thing is like, for, for so many years we were told that no, no, no. We, our enemies have all this political power, but we we're gonna restrain ourselves, we're gonna follow the constitution, and that we're just gonna expect them to disarm themselves for reasons. And, and that, you know, sort of way of thinking among conservatives is quickly being discarded that the only, the only thing You can do is confront power with power. Right. And, and President Trump and Vice President Vance, they're wielding power.


And, and that wielding of power is going to defend Christians in this country. Yes, it will. And, and so I, I think like that conflict will continue to become more stark. Right. The two visions for the country will, will become more black and white. Right. It will become more obvious that, that Christians need to band together to leave places where they have no protection whatsoever. Where people like Tim Walls or, or the, the next governor of Minnesota, probably Keefe Ellison, who's an Antifa Muslim. Like, they, I mean, that was a terrifying thing too.


It's like this guy, maybe he knows who I am and what, what could that guy do to me? Right. To leave a place like that where you will very likely be persecuted. Right. They, they want to have a foil, like the, the whole thing on, on Christian nationalism. I mean, this is why, why I wrote a book on that is in 2022, the media's just attacking like normal, decent evangelical people that happen to like Donald Trump and have skepticism about Oh yeah. The election, the vaccine, all, everything. And, and make them the boogeyman. And they, they would always say white Christian nationalism, they always put those things together because they happen to be white. And Even those, they espouse no white nationalist tendencies at all.


They have no race theology whatsoever, Whatsoever at all. Like, they're, they're like, wow, I'm totally colorblind. They have a universalist theology. Yeah, absolutely. Right, right. Un unlike the fascists who run the US media, who are like Nazi race mongers, total Totally racist race, How many people of color we're gonna count you by race? Which they literally do in this country. Yeah. Who's the Nazi? I Know, I know. That's, they're obsessed with, they don't see, don't that in church. No. When people come to your church, they're like, how many blacks do we have today? How many Hispanics, how many Pacific Islanders? You're like, we have Christians. Well, the evangelical leadership definitely does. Right? They, well, they've Fallen for this stuff. Yeah, of course. You never forget how poisonous it is. Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. I think, yeah, it, it is, it's like, well, no, we just have Christians. Right. And so, no, I think, I think those, those trends will con continue and, and, but I'm, I'm hopeful, I'm optimistic.


Like I'm espousing this optimistic esco eschatology. So of course I'm, I'm optimistic. I'm always, always hoping for the very best. And I, I think that especially if, if the kind of even evangelical Christianity, right? Historic Christianity, the, the Christianity that built Christendom, that built the west, that built America, if that comes back right, the kind of, of Christianity that, that sees Jesus in the gospels like we were talking about earlier, and sees a man, right. A man that is on a mission and is totally courageous and, and attacking God's enemies right. To their face, knowing it's going to get him killed.


Right. That kind of Christianity that preaches like that, that speaks like that, that, that he's a God that is real and is, is is your God. And he is he, he loves you. And He, he loves what's true and good and right, and there's justice, And he is going to bring justice to all of his enemies, right. To all of the people that hate him. All the people that, that do just monstrous evil. Right. That kind of Christianity that makes it come back in America. Well, that's, that's an America that has a future. I have to say, I think that the hallmarks of courage among them are cheerfulness and optimism.


I do think that. Yeah. Yeah. And you have that, oh, you know, for a dangerous theocratic fascist, or you seem very optimistic and cheerful. So Thank you for spending all this time. I really appreciate it. Yeah. Thank you so much for having me. It was, It was great to meet you. Yeah, It's nice meeting you as well. Thank you. We wanna Thank you for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day. We know the people who run it, good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bell so you never miss an episode. We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter, telling the truth. Always, you'll not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell. We appreciate it. Thanks for watching.