
So what happened to Anheuser-Busch? Like, what is it, if you don't mind, since you've thought about this probably more than any living person, how exactly did a company, an American company like that, that really you felt like had a sense of the country that it served Yeah. Go off in a direction that was like, so obviously crazy and self-destructive. Like how could that happen?


Yeah. You know, Tucker, there's a, there's a short story to it and there's a long story. I mean, I'll give you the short version that we can get into the longer version of what happened. Great. But, you know, I mean, the short version is, it used to be a great American, you know, company. This was owned by the Bush family. The Bush family had started this thing in the 1850s. You know, this is the same time you have the Carnegies, the Vanderbilt, the Rockefellers. You didn't have any of those folks still in the, I dunno, 20 years ago. But the Bush family was actually still running Anheuser Busch 20 years ago. Oh yeah. Which is crazy. I think they actually have houses right around here, as a matter of fact. So I know them. Yeah, you probably know them well. And so the short story, Very nice people, very nice. Not everyone in the family, but some of the people that it, It's a big family. One of the former presidents. Great man. Yeah. It's, It's a, it's, it's a big family. So, and, and long story short man, the company got so big and at some point it's owned SeaWorld, it owned Bush Gardens.


It owned eight helicopters, 10 private jets. It got a little bit bloated. So it got taken over by this Belgian company, European company called InBev. InBev came in and bought it in 2008. And the culture's really changed. Whereas Anheuser-Busch was all about growing. The brands understood the US consumer, Budweiser, Bud Light, all these things. InBev was, had a different mentality. They were much more of a, they called it the world's largest private equity from the happen to sell beer. A lot of cost cutting that went on, brought a lot of European people into the United States, changed the headquarters from St. Louis, Missouri, which is almost the geographical center of the, of the Country. And a wonderful town, wonderful Town. And they moved it to New York City. And then when they moved it to New York City, not a wonderful Town. Very, very different town, different mentality. And then all of a sudden they had bought a bunch of different beer companies after buying, Anne has a Busch, they got group bought group.


Modelo, SAB Miller took on too much debt. All of a sudden, the company in 2017, two, well, You're saying a private equity firm took on too much debt. Oh yeah. It wouldn't be the first time. So, you know, never happened before. Right? Never happened before. And I think the, the, the bigger problem was is that in 2018, 19, for a bunch of different reasons, the company try and grow, they adopted a lot of the E-S-G-D-E-I philosophies that we've heard a lot about stakeholder capitalism, which is this European concept that businesses are supposed to serve all types of purposes that pops up. And then two or three years later, all of a sudden the company has really changed. It changed from sort of a great American company based in the Midwest based off meritocracy values. And then all of a sudden in the, you know, kind of post covid, post George Floyd era, Anheuser-Busch, they start moving away from being a meritocracy, moving more towards diversity, equity, inclusion, moving more towards getting more involved in political issues.


And you know, unfortunately with what happened, Dylan Mulva Bud Light, that was the product of maybe 10 years of mistakes the company had made. And now all of a sudden you have a company that's lost 50% of its sales with the biggest beer in America, Bud Light. And they still haven't turned it around. So that's the short story. Now we can get into longer story about, maybe more broadly what happened. Okay. So, I mean, you're describing so many American companies by the way. Yeah. That, that trajectory downward. But at, at the end of the story, there was this revealing moment where Anheuser-Busch executives are one of them basically admitted, I hate our consumers. And you wonder like, where does that mind, I mean, people have all kinds of dumb ideas about business and dumb ideas about everything else, but if you're in the retail bus, if you're selling products to consumers and you find yourself in a place where you're like, let's piss them off and humiliate them, like, that's so obviously insane.


Like how could that, how could anybody say something like that? No, totally insane. And I, I think like, let, let's back up. 'cause I mean really, I think this story starts almost 40 years beforehand where you really are starting to talk about what is the purpose of a corporation? Like what are businesses in the business of doing? And in the United States since the 1970s had this sort of, this view of Milton Friedman, Milton Friedman famous economist said, the purpose of a corporation was to serve its shareholders. The people actually own the business. How do you do that? Well, you focus on your customers, focus on creating great products and services. When you do that, you create, generate more revenue. You can hire more people and business continue to grow and do all the great things businesses do. There was this other philosophy that was more this European view of the world that says, the purpose of a corporation is serve all stakeholders that was served by Klau Schwab.


This is the World Economic Forum, Davos type of elite that over in Europe, what's A stakeholder? So that's the problem. There are thousands of stakeholders. You know, it's almost the idea of like, when you have this shareholder capitalism model that Milton Friedman says, you must have like one God, the God is a shareholder, that's who you have to take a look at. But this stakeholder capitalism model, you have thousands of gods. Those can be activists, government employees, they can be suppliers, they can be employee, they can be, they can be social activists. I mean, you name it, there's thousands of them Touch people have nothing to do with your company. It Has nothing to do with the company. But you're supposed to be in the business of maximizing value for all so-called stakeholders for the greater good of society. Sounds very European socialism.


And that's effectively what it was. And both of these systems, they purported to do the same thing. 40 years ago they said, we're going to make people more money and lead to better societal outcomes. Problem is, over the last 40 years, I mean if you just take a look at sort of the, the US economic model versus Europe since the 1970s, US has trounced Europe on both of those premises. If you take a look at our stock market returns in the US taken s and p 500 over the last 40 years, we've generated 10% a year on average. Europe, broad-based industries are like six to 7%. But then perspective, you had a hundred thousand dollars invested in the US in 1970 and a hundred thousand in Europe and the US would be worth four and a half million dollars today. It'd be worth one and a half million dollars in Europe. So that's a huge difference based on the time the compounding interest of money.


And then separately, if you take a look at the us you know, Europe might say, okay, well we didn't make as much money, but we lead to better societal outcomes. And I would say no. I mean if you take a look at the US almost every broad based prosperity metric, GDP growth per capita income, interest rates, unemployment rates, the US trounce is Europe on all of those. I mean, like our poorest countries in the United States are generally wealthier than most of the European countries on a per capita basis. And so over the last sort of 40 years, you kinda had these two systems that were developing. And the US model to me is just the superior model. I mean, I believe in American exceptionalism, and I think our American model works. The problem is with the American model is every once in a while there kind of bumps in the system, bumps in the road. And the last time we had kind of a real economic bump in the road, let's call it was 2008, 2009.


Yeah. It's sort of the great financial crisis that happens. And after the great financial crisis, there's sort of a lot of people that were upset that banks got bailed out. It seemed like Main Street was the one that sort of, that lost out people lost houses. And so all of a sudden, business and capitalism kinda has to repair itself and repair its image. And the way that it did that is, especially if You remember that Occupy Wall Street movement, of course, you know, of course Occupy Wall Street, of course. And everyone else says, okay, well banks and Financeers and companies, they need to be a bigger part of the system and making sure that everybody can succeed at the same time. Then you had, Obama was The president And he came up with a diversity equity inclusion mandates that were happening within sort of the broader base government. And for the next three or four or five years, you see a lot of companies that are trying to repair the image of so-called business and capitalism in the United States.


McKinsey came out with a favorite famous study that says Diversity wins, where they said, we're gonna have, let's force sort of diversity initiatives on a lot of companies. And those ones will do better. This study has been thoroughly debunked. You had a lot of asset management companies, the BlackRock state streets, Vanguards of the world. They started really talking more about environmental social governance issues, which was a term that was coined in 2005. Really never went anywhere. The, the United Nations originally coined it. You know, if the United Nations coined something usually, you know, be, be skeptical of, it didn't go anywhere for, for the first five or 10 years. But after the Occupy Wall Street movement, a lot of big asset managers kind of picked up this term, started talking about environmental social governance issues. And really a lot of these issues picked up tons of steam when Trump was first elected and when Trump was first elected And he pulled outta these supernational organizations, the Paris Climate Accords pulled outta the human rights sort of campaign coalitions, all of a sudden a lot of these more progressive institutions that said, wait a minute, like we thought government was gonna solve these existential crises of, you know, climate change and banking systems and systemic racism and you kind of name it now of a sudden they're not.


And we need business to do this. And by the way, a lot of progressive pension funds, state of California, state of New York, European sovereign wealth funds like Norway and others, they have, I mean collectively trillions of dollars of assets. And they said, okay, now if these, a lot of these banks that had all of a sudden started talking more about environmental social governance issues, were gonna manage money on our behalf. We wanted them to solve a lot of the existential crisis in this country that Trump was not gonna do in 2016. And at that time period, you had a really interesting thing that happened. You familiar with BlackRock? Quite, yeah. The largest asset management company in the world Yes. Manages about over $10 trillion worth of capital. And what was interesting is BlackRock was really one of the leaders of this movement along with State Street Vanguard.


Those three largest asset managers in this entire country managed about $20 trillion worth of assets. They're the single largest shareholder in, you know, 95% of the s and p 500. And they wield a lot of influence in terms of telling companies kind of what to do. And the problem with a lot of these big asset managers is that it's not their own money that they're managing. You know, this is like George Soros type money or you know, bill Gates, like it's their own money And they, you know, ask companies do all types of crazy things. But the problem was with BlackRock State Street and Vanguard is they were managing, I mean, a lot of times like your money, my money through 4 0 1 Ks or pension funds or others, and because of their largest sort of clients, which again, are more the progressive pension funds than others are telling them that they want business to get more involved in politics and social issues, then all of a sudden they're starting to force a new agenda on corporations telling companies that we want you guys to get more involved in environmental, social, and governance issues.


And they even changed the purpose of a corporation in the 20 18, 20 19 time period. There was a famous letter that Larry Fink, the CEO of BlackRock wrote in 2018, essentially telling companies that we want them to now earn their social license. And you're gonna do that because we have evolved the purpose of a corporation with a group known as the Business Roundtable in the United States. Two, be more focused on your stakeholders. So you're no longer focused on shareholders. We want you to focus on stakeholders. And that is now who you are now going to focus on for maximizing value without defining again who those stakeholders are. And so this becomes very, very problematic in this sort of 20 18, 20 19 timeframe. 'cause companies are frankly confused.


And it's set up really a lot of, I'll call it kindling for an event that happened in 2020, which was covid. And all of a sudden companies are being told they need to earn their social license. They're being told that now no longer your shareholders, your kind of primary person that you're serving, but you're now serving all stakeholders without defining what that is. And in the 2020 time period, now all of a sudden you have this event of covid. And when Covid happens, music called, this is a crazy time period, we don't need to go through all of it, but companies frankly, like lost their sense of direction about who were they serving, what their mission is. I mean, You remember, we all had to flatten the curve and you know, the so-called flatten the curve in early 2020. And companies were essentially, except for the George Floyd Rioters, who Well, were under no such obligation, I notice Is correct, but that, you know, that that's obviously after the, after this.


But you know, in, in, in March of 2020, I mean, almost every company lost what its mission was. And what do I mean by that? Well, let's, let's go back to what us at Hanser Busch, we were making hand sanitizer, you know, in 2020, all of a sudden, because we need to flatten this curve and we're all in this existential crisis of covid, you had Delta Airlines no longer flying passengers, but is now flying medical supplies all around. You had General Motors, which is now making ventilators for, for the country, Walmart, setting up covid testing facilities. So all of these companies, all of a sudden were told to focus on a lot of different initiatives besides just their typical products and services. And frankly, like a lot of these efforts, like you think about like curve flattened very quickly, you know, there was no like real existential crisis. Like we, we thought there was.


But the problem was that since all these companies had kinda been pushed off their mission, then we had this next issue, which was the George Floyd issue that pops up in May of 2020. And you know, George Floyd, you know, George Floyd dies, and now the sudden the next existential crisis that every single company in the United States is looking to solve is systemic racism because their largest so-called shareholders in the BlackRock state streets, Vanguards of the world who had told them that now we want you focused on solving more of these stakeholder and societal issues. We need you to now solve these issues. I mean, you went down the list, I mean, it was crazy after George Floyd was, was murdered. You had 70 different companies in the United States here donated over $200 billion to Black Lives Matter in the United States.


That's like more than the GDP of Portugal, which is crazy in terms of the amount of money that was donated to the, to these causes and banking donations just wasn't enough. I mean, even, you know, Zuckerberg and Facebook at the time donated some eight figure some some to it. But then when that summer, Trump had the famous tweet about when the looting starts, the shooting starts, then everybody wanted him to now all of a sudden take Trump off of Facebook because it just wasn't enough just to donate. You actually had to silence folks as well. On top of that, in 20 20, 20 20, 20 21, you had the BlackRocks and states use Vanguards the world as well. Not only are they, this is where the, where the, the big problem comes in is because they are controlled, the largest percentage of companies in the United States, they have disproportionate power to advocate for policies at companies.


And then most importantly, to vote for shareholder proposals at companies where if you own $25,000 of stock in any company in the United States, You can put up what's known as a shareholder proposal that the so-called shareholders of the company they can vote on. And what was crazy is that in 20 20, 20 21, you had a lot of these activists that because the purpose of this corporation had changed in the United States, away from shareholder value to this European stakeholder model said, okay, now businesses again, they have to maximize value for me. So you saw there's a group called Color of Change, And they, their, it's a non-profit group and their mission is to stamp out systemic racism in the country. You know, okay, fine.


Like, you know, You can do that, you're whatever. But like they went to Apple, they bought $25,000 worth of shares at Apple, you know, And they put up this shareholder proposal that said, Hey, you Apple, we want you guys to do a racial equity audit to figure out how you've contributed to systemic racism and white supremacy in the country. And Apple, which is, you know, pretty liberal leftist bo you know, company of Tim Cook, who's a CEO and very liberal board, they said guys like, thanks, but no thanks. Because Apple's mission is to make magical devices at unbelievable prices. Like that's what we just do. You know, that's our thing. Like these are important issues, but we're gonna recommend against this proposal because we don't wanna spend tens of millions of dollars hiding hiring, you know, Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch to go and do a racial equity audit.


But this passed by 52 to 48% because you had firms like BlackRock, which is the second largest shareholder of the company, voted for it, you know, Vanguard, state Street, everyone else are voting for these issues, enforcing corporate America to now get involved in social and political issues. And this went the same thing for election integrity law issues that people were, were asking companies to get involved in defund the police initiatives, help peta people for the ethical treatment of animals. They put up a proposal telling Starbucks, we don't use cow milk anymore because we don't think you should use cow milk at Starbucks. I mean, it's crazy. All these proposals that popped up in this post, in this post sort of covid George Floyd era, and companies were essentially forced by these large asset managers to get involved in a lot of political and social issues. So that was sort of the backdrop.


So can I just give you my theory on this? Yeah. Here, there's a, there's a backdrop to all of this. Yeah. Which is the movement of, you know, the economic center of gravity upward in the United States. So Obama becomes president, 2008, middle class is the majority in the United States. He leaves in 2016. The middle class is no longer the majority for the first time maybe ever. And at the same time, we've got free money, the we're down to zero interest rates, and that money is being pumped way disproportionately into a certain sector of the economy, the banking sector. And so basically most people are getting poor, but a small number of people are getting way richer. I mean, it's measurable.


I live among them. Everyone's got a plane. Now, that was not true in 2008. There's just created a lot of wealth. The fed created a lot of wealth. And so in a certain sense that's like immoral or it's certainly hard to defend. And so rather than defend it, it wasn't the companies that wanted this stuff, it was the debt holders, it was the finance people who wanted it because it was a cover for what they were doing, which is getting really rich. Larry Fink got super, super rich. Yeah. A lot of like manufacturing concerns, family businesses went under or did not get rich at the same scale. And so you just like throw out like race war, you know, hate people because of their, you know, whatever immutable characteristics. Hey, let's throw the trans stuff in there too, by the way, we're all gonna die from global warming.


You basically just freak everybody out, throw the entire society off balance so they don't notice the looting. Yeah, I mean that, that's essentially, I i, That's My view. But, but, but it is, it's all about, it's controlling money. I mean, it's control and it's money. I mean, you think about, but all these Social issues were always a cover for what was actually going on, which is like Larry Fink getting richer. Oh, a Hundred percent. And it's so, it's so funny. So when he started talking a lot about ESG environmental social governments in 20 18, 20 19, all of a sudden they started a scoring system, you know, it's almost like a social credit system they'd have in China somewhere else, scoring companies on how little carbon that they used our scoring companies on. How did they do gender affirmation care for their, for their employees. And these scores were used to essentially, you know, pick and choose companies that could be included in indices that Larry Fink and BlackRock and others, they could charge investors three to four times the amount of money for these ESG funds versus the regular funds.


And the funny thing was, these ESG funds underperformed their broad based counterparts. Well, of course. So you ended up, of course they did made less money and, but you were charged more for doing it, which is, which is crazy. And you know, it's really funny that, so do You think it would, since you studied this much more than I have, do you think it would be a mistake to think that there was any sincerity behind this? Like do you think there was ever a moment where like Larry Finker, for that matter, Tim Cook or anybody at State Street or Vanguard thought, you know, we're gonna solve systemic racism by attacking the white working class. Like, we're actually gonna solve this problem. Do you think they really thought that? I I mean there might have been one or two people there, they're just, you know, totally. But, but no, I mean, I i I, I don't really think, I think this was all just sort of a money grab and a feel good and being able to go to the right parties in New York City.


That's The way it seems to me. But, you know, I, I Mean it really is because it just doesn't pass any of the first principle test whatsoever. And you know, it's funny, the, the, the companies that were the, the, the worst, I mean, this tend to be more of a, of a New York City, you know, kind of a ideology. Also European ideology as well. I mean, there is some sincerity to it. I mean, this is, this is funny, you'll appreciate this because I think the, where we're going with all of this, because you've seen obviously retreat with a lot of companies have backed away from DEI over the last couple of months. There's other companies that are holding onto some vestige of it, but there's others that are like really all in on diversity equity conclusion. I'll give you to this day, you're gonna love this. And the worst of the Europeans, because they really, I think, believe in this sort of European stakeholder capitalism model.


So you have, I, I'll give you a plug for, for app right now. So if you talk about one of the worst companies that's out there is America's greatest nicotine pouch, America's lip pillow. Exactly. But who, who is, who is your biggest competitor? That would be the Zinn Corporation, Zinn. Do you know who owns Zinn? I do. So it's Philip Morris International. Yep. They're operationally headquartered in Switzerland on their website to this day, I, you go on their website today, they have a massive diversity equity inclusion piece that is on their website. They have the, and I would say it's the, the, I'll call it the, the worst aspects of di which can be quota systems, race-based systems. And on their website today, they say, we are gonna hire 20% of our people.


We want to be Asian living on their website. Just 20%. They want 40% women, I mean, literally quota systems they have on their website today. It should be a hundred percent African, by the way, if they're really gonna make a dent. But they, because they're racist, so they wouldn't do that. Yeah. So I mean, but the other piece is that on their, this is a company that makes Marlboro cigarettes and Zinn and other things is, so they're like, one of their big, one of their big partners for Pride month that's coming up is the stonewall org. And Stonewall org is one of these, you know, lgbtq plus organizations and, you know, find, You can be that, but like they are advocating for biological men to compete against women in sports. They're African, Wait, Zyn is all in on the gay thing. I mean, but like, this is what's crazy is that like, and I think this is the problem about where we're going is what Does that have to keep that out of my mouth?


I mean this is like a, come On. So I, but, but, but like, this is the problem of I think like where you're seeing, trying to serve multiple masters. I'm not making this up. You can literally go on their website literally today and see all of this. And I think this is the problem that we're seeing is that you have these more like European based companies that I, I think might sincerely probably believe a lot of this. Or the European mindset, which is very distinct from sort of the American capitalist model, crippled By war guilt bent on suicide. Yes. Yeah. And, and I mean, at least here in the United States and others, we have a democracy. We can throw people out if we don't like them. But corporations, I mean, they're transnational organizations. They operate can with An emphasis on the trans Yeah, Yeah. With an emphasis on that. But they go across borders. And if you are sort of operation philosophically sort of a European based company, but you have operations in another country and you're imposing those values in another country, I think that's problematic.


You probably have no idea where your meat comes from. You probably should know. The likelihood is that the meat you're eating passed through a massive industrial processing plant, probably owned by a foreign corporation, foreign meat. Did you sign up for that? We don't think you did. So you probably have no idea of knowing where the animal grew up, what that animal ate, or what chemicals, big food pumped into that animal to increase profits. That's all kept secret. Meaning You can never really know what you're putting in your mouth and in your body. That's disgusting if you think about it. And it's easy to fix. Merriweather Farms a farm owned by friends of ours is a great option. We use their meat. We eat their meat for every meal. Unlike corporate farmers, Merriweather Farms controls the entire thing from the pasture, the cattle grazes on to the facility where the beef is packaged in Wyoming and across the mountain west, the cattle will raise without hormones, without antibiotics, or any other additive clean American beef You can trust every single time. And they will ship it straight to your door. Go to merriweather farms.com/tucker, use the code Tucker 2025 for 10% off your first order. You can also save it a monthly subscription if you sign up today. That's merriweather farms.com/tucker. We eat it and vouch for it.


Tucker says it best. Their credit card companies are ripping Americans off and enough is enough. This is Senator Roger Marshall of Kansas. Our legislation, the Credit Card Competition Act would help in the grip Visa and MasterCard have on us. Every time you use your credit card, they charge you a hidden fee called a swipe fee. And they've been raising it without even telling you. This hurts consumers and every small business owner. In fact, American families are paying $1,100 in hidden swipe fees each year. The fees Visa and MasterCard charge Americans are the highest in the world, double candidates, and eight times more than Europe's. That's why taken an action. But I need your help to help get this passed. I'm asking you to call your senator today and demand they pass the credit card Competition Act Paid for by the Merchants Payments Coalition, not authorized by any candidate or candidates committee. www.merchantspaymentscoalition.com.


Don Jr. Here guys, are you receiving letters from the IRS claiming you owe back taxes As penalties and interest fees pile up, the IRS gives you no clear path to resolution. Don't speak to them on your own. They are not your friends. To reach a team of licensed tax professionals that can help you reduce, settle, and resolve your tax matters, go to tn usa.com and check 'em out. Solve your Tax problems today, call 1 807 8 0 8 8 8 8 or visit tn usa.com. That's 1 807 8 0 8 8 8 8.


It does feel Like one of these, like in 10 years we're gonna look back and be like, you know, they were major consumer products companies that felt empowered to talk about your sex life and the sex lives of your children. I, I agree. Back off with the gay stuff, by the way. Just stop. Like no ones, no one hates gay. Like stop that, stop that. No. Get on my face with that stuff. Yeah. Like, I don't care how people dress. I Don't care. I'm sick of it actually, but like, it's just insane that like a nicotine pouch company would be lecturing me about people's sex lives. Like stop. I I agree. And this is the other thing about like authentic, you know, authentically, what is a, you know, whatever nicotine pouch, cigarette company marble, like what are they doing working with organizations mean? Another thing at Stonewall is like, Hey, we wanna do youth sex education if we're lgbt, how About I get my gun when you do that?


Like, stay away from my kids. How's that again? Like, Just stay. I don't understand that like why any society would put up with it, why Zyn would pay for it. Right. And it's not, and of course it's not just full of Morris International, it's like so many of these companies. No, it is. And like, here's the other thing is like, I, I don't want Philip Morris do the others. I don't want them advocating for the Second Amendment either. It's like, you're a cigarette company. Just do that. Yeah, just, just do that. They Don't even sell cigarettes. Well, they don't even believe in what they do. Yeah. So I I I think where, what's, what's interesting about where we're going is that you're gonna have sort of these companies, you're seeing the same thing with China. I mean, if you, why is, why is TikTok being asked to be sold in the United States? Well, because it's technically owned by Chinese company and the Chinese values that they're collecting data and information that's not gonna work for the United States. So they might need to sell it. That's not why.


So They got involved in some, you know, they were considered a vector for unapproved foreign policy positions. And that's why the Congress did that. And they pretended it was about collecting data. These are, you know, people who are all in on, you know, warrantless searches of Americans and spying on Americans. And they have no problem with violating your civil liberties at all. They don't think you have civil liberties. But they, they were under pressure to ban TikTok because it was considered radicalizing in ways that their donors wouldn't accept. So that's the truth. Sorry. Got it. Well, you know, it's so it's never what They Say it is. Never what they say. But, but I, I think the, the broader piece is though, is that whether it's TikTok, whether it's, you know, zin in the United States, whether or Anheuser-Busch, which used to be American owned.


Yeah. I think you're gonna have a lot of these companies need to have choices about what they're gonna make moving forward. If I think it's be very difficult to operate in the US if the US is leaning more in towards, you know, these radical ideas of free speech and being free in religion and, and, and open dialogue and, And there things, whereas we've always kinda been a city on the hill in the United States. We've always been this exceptional Difference now more than ever. Really? Probably now more than ever. I mean, we're almost more isolated than probably we've ever been. Yes, I think that's Right. For the last four or five years. Yes. We were going more towards this quasi European socialism, you know, government intervention and free speech and everything else. Totally. And we have now rejected that as a country. But I think what's difficult is that yes, we've rejected it politically, but again, corporately there's all these tethers from around the world Yes.


'cause of the effects of globalization over the last 20 years. That you have a lot of these companies that frankly might not hold sort of those same American values. Yes. Talk Philip Morris, you know, Anheuser-Busch InBev based in Europe. In Europe, they have quota systems for how many board members have to look this way or be that way over in Europe. And one of the reasons that I think, again, going back to the original question, like how did this happen in the United States where like Bud Light, the biggest beer brand in the United States, how do they have a partnership with Dylan Mulvaney? Well they I think have a lot of these European type values now, diversity, equity, inclusion. I'm so grateful for that scandal for the effects on the company of that scandal. And for your writing this book because, and for what you just told me. 'cause I think most Americans, I'll put my, I'll say of myself, I have no idea.


Like, you know, you just use Crest toothpaste, you have no, no idea what they're sending money to. I use Zyn for years. I I finally realized it was a left wing company. I didn't get that at first. But most Americans just don't know what's happening to their money. No, They don't. And then really I think the eyeopening moment, even for me where how companies have been co-opt is, I don't know if you meant to have the Black Rifle Coffee Company Cup on your Yeah, yeah. I, I love having, So yeah, so I mean you'll appreciate this story and I write about this in, in my book last Call for Bud Light. But one of the opening chapters I have is, so I was President Van Heer Bush in the US and I tried to do a distribution agreement with Black Rifle Coffee Company. 'cause a lot of times the same people that were drinking a six pack of Bud Light, you know, Budweiser at night were drinking six black rifle coffees in the morning.


And so we were gonna put the Black Rifle coffee, their, their kind of 16 ounce drinks on the same trucks that carry Bud and Bud Light to Walmart and Kroger and seven 11. And so I had this whole deal and we were gonna make a bunch of money on this partnership and our legal team, which was now based in New York City and our external affairs team based in New York City, this is in, this is in 2021, killed the deal, said you can't do it. I was like, what do you mean? Like, here's all the financials. This makes tons of sense. Like this is a great company. They're growing like gangbusters. They said, can't do it. Company's too controversial. I was like, what do you mean controversial? I was like, you know, the company, like their mission is to serve coffee and culture to firefighters, police officers, law enforcement, people who love America. And the coffee just in point of fact is excellent. Yeah, great coffee. I make it every day.


It's great. This, this is my thing. I mean, you know, this is that, that's their mission. That's what they do. Yeah. And you know, Budweiser, we had partnerships with Folds of Honor and other military, but in 2021 because of the whole DEI movement, which said like, ooh, you know, they fund the police and like, you know, defund the police was a big thing, you know, kind of going on at the time. And Ooh, military, you know, I don't know about that. That seems a little bit too controversial. I'm like, guys, like, we sell like King Cobra 40 ounce bottles, you know, like all over The place. Like America's favorite malt liquor, you know, like, What are we talking About? Did you guys make old English 800? No, we Didn't make old English 800. No. That Was a brand. I drank that as a kid. Yeah. That's one of the reasons I no longer drank. Yeah. Did You ever do like the Edward 40 hands with that one? I, no, no.


That was a Did you miss the Edward 40 hands? I did. And it just, you know, everyone beats up on kids for being dumb, but actually the newer generations are way more brilliant than we ever were. Edward 40 Hands is like the funniest thing that ever happened. Yeah. Edward 40 Hands was amazing. So, Junk tape. I'm against drinking. I don't dunno why I'm laughing. I don't drink. I hate alcohol, but that is hilarious. Duct tape, two 40 ounce malt liquor took kids' hands. That's it. You know, you, you couldn't, you couldn't untape 'em until you, until you finish both of 'em. So I, I feel guilty for laughing, obviously. Yeah. There were too many bad stories. Like, you know, someone get to a one or half of 'em, like, you know, you're rumbling around and you fall and it's like, you know, you get glass everywhere. But anyway, so no, not not Oe there were, there were other ones, sorry, sorry For the digression, But I can't remember where we were going with that.


But Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry. No, we were, so we were talking black rifle and Yeah, so the, the, the deal gets killed and that exact same because it was too controversial of a, of a brand. Yet a year later, that exact same department based in New York City now that killed the Black Rifle Coffee Deal, they greenlit the Dylan Mulvaney partnership and the Dylan Mulvaney partnership. Like it was incredibly puzzling if you're a Bud Light drinker and you know, again, like, man, I don't care how people identify or what they want to, you know, do with their lives, but like, one of the reasons that Bud Light became the biggest, most popular beer brand in the United States is 'cause it was remarkably apolitical. Like it was a brand that was enjoyed by Democrats, Republicans alike, of course. 'cause it was about like fun and it was humor. It was sort of this like, you know, somewhat, you know, countercultural, you know, type of brand.


It was about sports and music and, you know, backyard barbecues and all of a sudden the Bud Light had just hired its first, you know, female head of Bud Light in the history of the, of the brand. You know, no problem with that. I've, you know, I'm sure there'd be, there are a lot of, there are a lot of people that a lot of girls I know that'd be great, VP of marketers of Bud Light. The problem with the, it was the person they hired was a lady who had grown up in New York City, went to Harvard for undergrad, Wharton for grad school, had only lived in basically the Northeastern her entire life. I dunno if she'd ever drank a Bud Light in her life. And, you know, I dunno if she ever knew anybody who had as well. And she was very, why Would she make her the head of the brand? Well, Because like the DEI movement basically said that you need to essentially, you know, put different people in different roles. You need a woman Yeah.


Based off immutable characteristics. And even the 21, 22 timeframe, What was her name? Alyssa Heiner Schneider and I, I know Alyssa, I mean this, Alyssa, she's, you know, a nice girl and, and I worked with her when I was at the company for a while, but she probably wasn't the right person for, for Bud Light, but Yeah, probably not, not She, well she obviously wasn't the right person tank. I mean, literally Tanked the brand. Probably not Almost 50%. So obviously wasn't the, wasn't the right person for the, for the, the, the company. But in this broader, you know, kind of narrative in 21, 20 21, 20 22, this is when I was deciding to kinda like leave Anheuser-Busch had mentioned the, the black rifle thing was kind of the, the final sort of last straw for me. But even before that, the principles of the company changed why joined was a meritocracy.


It was like, we wanna hire The best and brightest and we wanna reward them based up their results and, and you know, pay them accordingly. Great. But in 21, 22, all of a sudden that principle, there were 10 principles of the company that went around really, you know, hiring The best price changed towards, we now reward people based off the quality and diversity, which was bolded by the company and diversity of your teams. And then all of a sudden the company starts putting in these, you know, diversity dashboards where You can see what the diversity makeup of your, of your team is. White men did a pretty good job making beer. I think whatever you say about white men, like they created the company, they made the beer. Like why, why we hate them all of a sudden. Yeah. They created Budweiser. Well I think it was just more so the, the, the head scratching piece of like, you know, it doesn't matter if you're again like white or black or gay shit, like, don't care, I just want The best people.


Right. But The, you know, like de I is in the only people discriminated against in DEI are white men, obviously straight white men. So like, I don't Understand. And there are probably some Asians in there too, so, well They definitely have, well they have Been, and a lot of Indians and a lot of other folks as well. So a hundred percent Asian South Asians. But the point of it was to reduce the percentage of white men in positions of leadership or with paying jobs. And I just, I felt like nobody had the balls to say that out loud. Like that was considered controversial to Say that could, you would get fired if you said that out loud. It's true. I mean this was in the 21, 20 22 timeframe. But that's the problem with where we were. I mean, you mayor, this is censorship regime. I mean, heck, you had the Biden administration. Well I got fired, so In the end, thank God.


But, but no, yes, I did get fired. So actually it's gotta So You remember this? I mean I do, Yeah. I Guess I do worse, worse so than anybody, but yeah, I mean you, you couldn't speak up during this timeframe and that was the problem. And then, and then at the same time you had all these companies that made all these pledges. I mean the chief diversity officers, like this really wasn't even a position before 2020. Chief diversity, What do you make? I make diversity. Well, I mean, But this is crazy. Like, you know, and then all of a sudden there was like a 400% increase in chief diversity officer position and these were all high six figure salary positions, all the executive level. What do you Do if you're a diversity officer? But This is the problem you find things to do. And this was the problem. So the first thing was the whole pronoun police comes in, well let's be more inclusive of all the pronoun piece.


And then, hey, let's put in quota systems that we're gonna put in place. So we hire a certain number of people with this immutable characteristic or that a character, did Everyone buy into the pronoun thing? Did anyone say I'm not doing that? Yeah, A lot of people did. But I, this is the problem as well. A lot of people just went along with it because they felt if you didn't, then you could be called out by your HR team. Cowards. Yeah. And, and, and I think that's what's part of the problem. Now what's nice is that I think people have the ability to say, you know what, I'm not gonna do that. But three years ago you couldn't, three years ago was, you know, The whole thing is designed to degrade you. Yeah. And the problem, what Are you really saying by the way, if when you announce your pronouns, what you're saying is it's not evident to people watching what your sex is. Yeah. Like your pat or something from Saturday Night Live, like, you may not know this, but I'm a man, like You can't tell by looking at me, But I'm actually a man.


It's like the most degrading thing I can imagine. I I completely agree. And I don't know. And if, if you're unsure, just ask how, how are you doing? That's it. And You don't even have to use a pronoun if you're unsure. But I think for 99% of the time, you're pretty sure. And that's the problem. It's forcing these sort of agenda on 99% of the population says, wait a minute, what is this? I didn't know this was the, The people who worked there. I mean, now I'm being mean, but I, I, well I've lived it. So I feel it. Like there were so few noble, honest, brave people in American corporate culture that I was shocked. I was shocked by what sheep they were. You'd think at least 20% and be like, buzz off. I'm not giving you my, that's disgusting. This is insane. And by the way, you're discriminating against white men, which is illegal and immoral.


Yeah. And we've got this monument on the mall from Martin Luther King telling us, you can't do that, but you're doing it anyway in his name. You know, why don't you go screw yourself? Actually, yeah, I don't think anybody said that. But There were a couple brave people. I'm disappointing, But the, but the brave people who stuck their neck out, I mean they were eviscerated in the media. The first guy actually was, was Brian Armstrong, who was the CEO of Coinbase. I dunno if You remember this, I remember Very well. And this at the end of 2020, I mean right after all the BBL m and everything. And, and Brian Armstrong said, listen, like I'm not gonna tie it to the BBL M movement. I'm not gonna make a statement that we're in support of Tie this exactly right, Of, of, of blm. I'm not gonna do that either. He said, because the mission of our company, Coinbase, is to bring crypto to the masses. That's what we're doing. And if there's something related to crypto regulation or policy, sure we'll have a view on that.


But am I gonna have a view on climate change or, or BLM issues or transgender policy? No, I'm not. And by the way, if you as an employee don't, don't wanna be here then go, go work somewhere else. And I think they had, I don't know, 50 employees or something locked out. But then he had 5,000 people that applied to work there. Oh yeah. But in the media though, he was called bigoted And he was called racist And he was called, you name it, all in the media because of him just having a view that says, I'm just not gonna do this. 'cause that's not important to the company. And if I want people to come here and work for our mission, not necessarily for all these orthogonal things that have nothing to do with being go to the masses. Yes. It's funny how much just telling the story would, I mean, of course I remember when it happened.


I defended him when it happened. But it seems like you're talking about a different country. Like things have changed so much. So much. And is that, that's my perception. Is it yours? No, it is. Things have, things have definitely swung back. But as I mentioned earlier, it's almost as if we're going into, I would say it's almost three camps with the purpose of business in this country and, and business getting involved in social, political E-S-G-D-I topics. You have the people that have backed off. 'cause they've said, you know what? Getting involved in life's political and social, it wasn't good for my company from the stock standpoint. And it wasn't 'cause I lost money or divided my customer base. And it wasn't really good for the country either. You've seen Meta and, and McDonald's and Walmart and Apple, or not Apple, sorry, Google.


A lot of people have rolled back a lot of those policies. You have a second group of companies that are trying to kinda rebrand the whole sort of DEI narrative. They haven't realized it's become a pejorative term to the majority of Americans. They're calling it inclusivity. Inclusivity and belonging, or I don't know all these other words they're trying to mash together. I would put probably more the JP Morgans and I don't know those folks in that vote. But then you have the real adherence and these are the people, the Philip Morris Internationals even today, I mean Anheuser-Busch InBev on their website for the uk the big DEI diversity, equity inclusion piece. Because I think you do have these real adherence and then even certain companies in the United States, I mean Costco is doubling down big time. I think partly 'cause they're based in Seattle and because I think Costco, Costco has doubled down big time.


That's like A warehouse store where you buy stuff by the pallet kind of thing. That's It. That place is double down massively talking about that. We are gonna continue to have quota systems about who we actually give preferential treatment to, to who gets their products in store based off race or sex or gender. Seriously. Yeah. They've been doubling down on this. So they're one of the companies that has kind of dug their heels in. Yeah, I Hope they go out of business soon. So, but it, it's really interest. So I, and the way that I think about it, I think the companies that have just moved on, I think we need to get them more to a, I'll go back to a, a corporate pluralism of whatever your mission is as a company. Just do that. And however you need to recruit People, you know, The best and brightest to your industry, figure out how to do that. I would say probably move on from the DEI. Yeah. And I, and I don't think we can say that the United States is civil rights law at that point.


If you're openly discriminating against people on the basis of their race, then all the Civil Rights Act, it's all bullshit. None of that means anything. I get it. And, and you know, this Is fine. And so like, I, let's just stop pretending. Okay. So if Costco wants to continue with racist policies, then I guess everyone gets to have racist policies if they want on whatever basis of any race they want. Like, you know what I mean? It's, it's a principle. So either you are against and In fact banning through federal law discrimination on the basis of race or you're not. Yeah, That's it. And, and the Civil Rights Act in 1964, it literally says like, you cannot discriminate based of race. I'm aware sex, gender, national origins, You know, a thousand subsequent laws and regulations. Yeah. Underscore that point. So, and You know, this is funny, you, so the, the actually, the Senate, the floor manager at the time was Hubert Humphreys, who became Lyndon Johnson's vp.


He was the one who was ushering through the Civil Rights Act in 1964. He said, this is his quote says, if this leads to quota systems, I will eat my hat. This is what's his quote. And that's exactly what we got. He's been dead too long to do it. But yeah, no, it, it kind of wrecked the country.


Permanent Washington is terrified and distraught by the Trump Revolution now in progress. And it is a revolution and it's unfolding along very familiar lines. The White House is now giving voters what they actually want and what they've wanted for a long time. And that's the one thing that permanent Washington doesn't want to give them. They are working to stop it. Fortunately, our friends at Heritage, the Heritage Foundation in DC are fighting back. They've spent years thinking this through. How do you dismantle permanent DC the deep structures underneath everything? How do you train replacements for the bureaucrats getting canned? How do you enact policies that voters actually voted for? Well, now that Biden is gone, Heritage's vision is finally becoming reality. And You can help push it forward by going to heritage.org/tucker and making a tax deductible donation your gift fuels their American rescue plan and helps stop permanent Washington from crushing it from strangling in the cradle. Heritage has been doing this a long time. They've been successful, and they're more aggressive now than ever. Their work is worth supporting. Go to heritage.org/tucker to make your gift today.


We hope you


Ocos presents 15 seconds of strength. Here we go. Steve's got a trunk full of groceries and no one to help him. Oh, that's tough. Jim looks like a five trip load. At least He grabs the first bag, the second Bob. It looks like he's trying to do it all. One trip, he shimmies the door open steps over the dog. Oh, And he stumbles Oh, Right into the kitchen without missing a beat, Jim. Now that's a man who eat his protein packed Ocos with 15 grams of complete protein in each cup. Ocos Triple zero can help build strength for every day. Ocos stronger makes everything better.


Well, So back, just back to Anheuser-Busch. This disaster happens and it seems to be, I mean, according to the video that everybody saw, it really a product of this one decision. Well, it's the end of a chain of a lot of decisions, as you saw. Right. A lot Of bad decisions Ablely described. But, but the key decision in the fall of Bud Light was by this Alyssa Schine Hauser, whatever her name it was, who went to Harvard. And there's this famous video where she's saying, you know, basically I think the old white guys who drink our beer could use to be shaken up a little bit. The, the frat and out of touch that Bud Light has been fratty. Fratty and Out of touch.


Sorry, Fratty out of touch, Fratty and out of touch. Yep. And I just have to say, I mean, she didn't run the company. She's the head of the brand. She has supervisors. If someone who worked for me, well, we, we sell alp. And if someone's like in a meeting with me, like the problem with ALP is it's users suck and they've got like antique retrograde attitudes and we just need to give them the finger. I would say you're fired. Yeah. Because you don't love our people. That's it. Exactly. So I Why did no One say that? But, but that's what's crazy is that she literally called the customer base, you know, the fratty out of touch and like, you know, immediately lost trust with the whole entire customer base saying, what are you guys talking about? And, and, and do people like to be Lectured, Yelled At by Alyssa?


Love it. Love Steinhauser from Harvard. And what, and, and, and, and, and what's crazy about this? So, so the timeline of events was so, 'cause we're coming up on actually two years when this happened. So this partnership with that Bud Light did, with Dylan Mulvaney and controversial transgender actors happened on April Fool's day of 2023. So, and a lot of people originally thought this was a joke of like, oh, this is like, Bud Light must be joking about this because there's no way that they would ever do a partnership with somebody who was literally just at Joe Biden's White House advocating for gender affirmation care and biological men competing against women in sports. But this is all of a sudden Bud Light to a partnership with this. Like, I don't understand this. Then two or three days later, that video comes out of Alyssa essentially being like, Bud Light is tting out of touch. We're gonna be more Fratty and out Out touch and we're gonna be more inclusive outta touch With what?


That's fine. That's the problem. Alyssa was out of touch. I mean, this is who's outta touch that some Self-awareness honey. It's, I mean, it's crazy with what's going on. I mean, this is what, this is how out of touch I think a lot of the people in New York became Yeah. Where all of a sudden they're saying, you know, no, no, no, our our customers outta touch. We need new customers. And the new customers are gonna be whoever follows Dylan Mulvaney on Instagram. Which, which I think was actually like, mostly like underage girls was that was because, because there were, because there were literally all of these now investigations going on saying, wait a minute, you guys sponsor a, who just has a bunch of underage followers. Like, whatcha guys doing this Makes no sense dressed like a child. Yeah. I Mean, some dude dressed like a little girl, first of all who's looking into that guy's personal life, you know, like that's dark.


Yeah. But anyway, Yeah. So, so, so the partnership itself was, it was obviously incredibly flawed. Is it true that Dylan Mulvaney is like a huge Zyn user? Someone told me that he loves Zyn. I don't know, I I've never met Dylan. I don't Dunno if that's true or not. Do you think It's, you should have Dylan on the show so You can figure it. You know what? You should, you should, I keep hearing, and I have no idea if it's true, I'm not endorsing this, but that Philip Morris and Zin are hiring Dylan Mulvin. I dunno if That's true. I don't know. I mean, based off what I saw their website, I it would make perfect sense. I mean, they're almost becoming the Ben and Jerry's of A hundred percent. I mean, that's what it is. And actually, you know what? That's Fine. I don't want that in my mouth. Yeah, okay. I just don't, and you know what I actually, I actually respect Ben and Jerry's as a brand. 'cause they at least stand Totally agree. They're very clear about what they stand. Totally. I completely agree.


They say we are gonna use ice cream to advance a socially progressive mission. Yes. Great. Hey, in this country You can do that. If there's a customer base for that, go do that. Serve that Customer. I couldn't agree more. I find their ideas repugnant, but I respect their bravery and their principle. They ice cream's like unbelievable. I'm, I'm gonna get diabetes if I eat it again. But it's, it's really good. And, and they're consistent in their views and that yeah, They're, they're consistent in their views. But like a company like Zinn or ab like you had no idea that they were, you know, spending money on causes that were like, you know, in direct conflict with your own family. These people hate your family. Yeah. And, and, and you're buying their products. And this was the whole deal. So like, obviously the partnership itself made no sense, but the response to it was just as harmful.


And that was just as problematic really. Because if you recall that there was a, so, you know, Alyssa goes on the, on the, on the TV where she's fratty out of touch, kid Rock, then lights up a pack of Bud Light with the AR 15, which was a big deal. So then all of a sudden you have all of these sort of people saying, you know, screw Bud Light and people posting videos of them not buying it. And then the, the company said, Hey, they, there was a, a quick press release saying, yes, we do partnerships with influencers to celebrate milestones. And this case we did this milestone of 365 days of womanhood. And everyone's like, what are you talking about Bud Light? It's a dude. Yeah. By the way, it's not, these are not women, these are men dressed as women. Yeah. I mean, the whole thing is so insulting. And in the same way you probably wouldn't at that time have sent a candid Donald Trump to celebrate his commun a hundred percent because Bud Light was not a political brand.


And so everyone's really confused. And so the sales just tumbled what's really, what's really Was that obvious right away. So Yeah. So this is what's really interesting. So like boycotts tend to work for, for two reasons And they actually had never worked almost in history. Everyone talks about, I hated when the NFL had the whole kneeling thing going on, but NFL ratings were super high. Other people have called it boycotts almost never worked. But in this case it worked for two reasons. One, if there's a easily accessible substitute. So if you think about it, every week You can buy Bud Light, you have Coors Light, you have Miller Light. I mean, you go to Gas Station, you have Coors Light six packs, Miller Light six packs, Bud Light six packs. Yeah. And then you also, you go to Bar, you have Miller Light on tap, you have Bud Light on tap. And for 95% of Americans, I mean, Bud Light is indistinguishable from Coors Light and from Miller Light. So the substitutes are easily there.


Do You know, I quit drinking before light beer was a thing. I never have had a light beer in my life from men just did not drink light beer when I quit drinking. Is it good Bud Light? I'm sorry. Yeah. I've Never had a Bud Light. Yeah. I mean like, yeah, I mean, if you like, if you like light beer, I mean, it's, it's a great light beer. It's very consistent. They have great brew masters. They have. So it's, it's, it's very good as a, as a product. But so also is Coors Middle Lights and, but it's, it's almost, it's almost like a, a commodity of a, of a b of a of a brand. Right? Right. So therefore the only thing you actually did have was your brand itself, which Bud Lights was funny, humorous, and, and apolitical. The other reason that boycotts work is that if you actually feel like you're having an impact and having an effect, and the other thing that happens, which is interesting in the beer industry, is every week you get data that's reported by Walmart and Kroger and seven 11 and your big retailers, all these big retailers about what sales look like.


And that's just reported every week. Usually people don't care about that at all. I mean, you know, no one ever cares what the real sales are. But in this, in, in this instance, all of a sudden the media was reporting every single week that Bud Light Sales were down 10%, 20%, 30%. So it snowballs. So it starts snowballing. Yeah. And they, and, and as Bush, they can't starve the media of information and data. And so all of a sudden, like Anheuser-Busch is watching their sales decline a lot, And they realized, wow, we gotta we gotta do something. The problem was they always say they're, they're, they're stuck between this, you know, the, the, the BlackRock and a hard place, you know, it's BlackRock was saying, Hey, you guys need more DEI and inclusivity. And that's the agenda we're pushing. There are corporations like the human rights campaign that scores Anheuser-Busch every single year on their, why would A beer company, I mean the human rights campaign are freaks.


I mean, they're literally freaks and they're evil, completely evil in my opinion. It's not about equality, it's about crushing families in Christianity, obviously. So why would a beer company care what they think? Well, because the problem was, again, BlackRock, state Street Vanguard, who are technically these large shareholders of your business, they have adopted E-S-G-D-I and they're saying, if you wanna get included in our ESG indexes or Mike Bloomberg, Bloomberg has a gender equality index. If you wanna get included in these, you guys need to have a perfect score on the human rights campaign. Man, If I'm the Chinese, I'm encouraging this a lot. Hundred Percent just Wreck, wreck your opponent with this Stuff. I mean, it, it's insane. Like it made no sense. And when the human rights campaign started, I dunno, 20 years ago, like the whole thing was like, okay, like I don dunno, don't make fun of like, I don't know, LGBTQ plus.


Okay, fine. I Was never against human rights campaign just for the, I worked like a block from them for 15 years in d downtown DC on 17th Street. I was never against them at all. I was like, okay, I'm for civil liberties, including for gays. I'm not, yeah, I'm not against that at all. I'm for it. But it became incredibly rigid though. It wasn't about that at all. Yeah. It was about destroying American society, which they have done a lot to achieve. So, And now to get these perfect scores, then you had to have so many commercials that advertised, oh, you know, to, to l lgbtq plus you have to do the, all the gender affirmation stuff in your healthcare policy. You gotta, You gotta sell gay beer. I mean that, that, that was essentially like, like what it was becoming, and even the company itself, I mean they were trying to win these like Con Lion awards over in Europe. And so we used, what's that?


So we used to always think like our advertisements always did you win the USA today's Super Bowl ad meter award that showed like you were in touch with the kind of American consumer. And for, I mean, from like 2003 to 2013, Anheuser-Busch won it every single year. Then when they brought in new European ownership and new marketers, all of a sudden they didn't win it for 10 plus years. And, but they tried now start winning and showing they won these Con Lion awards, which over in Europe they have these awards and Con France. And to win the Con Lion Advertising Awards, you have to have your DEI and your ESG policies and you have to do all of the advertisements that essentially you sell beer. Why do you care about an award in that's you shouldn't in can France shouldn't, You shouldn't. But again, to get included in the BlackRock State Street Vanguard indexes for E-S-G-D-I, You can highlight your awards that you won from Con Lyon.


You can highlight your perfect score from the human rights campaign. You can highlight your, so These just all control mechanisms run by people like Larry Fink, like the worst people. I mean, there, there was a whole, I called the stakeholder capital industrial complex and everybody was just trying to make money. McKinsey, they were the big consulting firm. I mean, they had this, again, this diversity matter diversity wins report to sell consulting services for DEI. BlackRock had a whole DEI component to put people into certain funds to charge investors more money. You had a lot of activists that they wanted to show that they were, could get more money from Soros or whoever else, that they're making progress by putting up actually activist proposals that companies that shareholders within vote on. So it was this big, almost like industrial complex just kept feeding on itself To destroy the meritocracy and destroy the United States.


I Mean, essentially like that's where, like where we were going, Well, it destroys the country. If you don't have a meritocracy, if The best people can't rise because of the wrong color or the wrong sex Yeah. Then your country collapsed. And, and, and almost, I mean, Bud Light was essentially holding the pin when this whole, I mean, bubble popped. They were, this was the first time that people saw like, wait a minute. You know, okay, I didn't like when Disney got involved in the parental rights issues down in Florida. But, you know, Disney's always kind of a little, a little out there and didn't make any sense that Disney was getting involved in this year. Well, It's the same attitude. Same But kind of same attitude. Yeah. But the problem with Disney is that, okay, I, you know, I don't like Disney, but there's only one Disney world. I don't really have a lot of other places to go, so I'm still gonna go to Disney World. But with Bud Light, people easily went to Coors Light their light. Yeah. And so going back to this whole story about why the response was so damaging, so all, wait, can I Just ask?


Yeah. Since you worked there and you've Yeah. Written a book on it. Yeah. And I, I I had left by this point, so Of course. But I mean, you know the Business. Yes, yes, yes, yes. What's the right before you explain what they did, what's the right answer? So you're running Anheuser-Busch right now. This happens, it's a huge threat to your core business, which is selling beer. Yeah. What, how do you, what do you do? I mean, like, the answer is so simple. The first thing you do is that you fire the VP of marketing who just called your entire customer base fretting out of touch. And then you, so you say, we fired her. 'cause that was obviously not, not empathetic to our customers and not quarter business. You Hate our customers, You can't work here, you can't work here. Like, just like, like fair done, like out. And then separately, like the biggest piece is like, then you just apologize.


You know, I always say it's like the, like the, the the path Apologize. You know, it's you crazy. But It's like it's, but it's like, it's like the path to, like I always say like redemption goes through forgiveness. Amen. But the only way you're gonna be forgiven is if you admit you had made a mistake. Exactly. And then what you say is like, Hey, this was obviously a mistake that this person made and so we've moved on from this person. 'cause as, or we've made a mistake hiring this person, putting them in. And then separately also, we made a mistake as Bud Light, we made a mistake because Bud Light was never supposed to be involved in controversial political issues. And Dylan Mulvaney was not the right choice of a person to get involved with because there are things, I mean, you know, the, if you recall as well, the week that this partnership happened, this was during the time when a lot of legislation is in session.


So there were I think 25 bills across the country to ban biological men from playing its women in sports. There was a bunch of bills banning gender affirmation care. And also leading up to this week, that was the week that you had the, the transgender shooter in the, in the Christian school in Tennessee. Yeah. Whose manifesto we weren't allowed to see. Right, Exactly. So I mean, this was like a very big issue across the entire country. Right now It's a violent group. Whoa. And so, so this is why there was a lot of, of, of problems with Dylan Mulvaney who had become kind of the face of really the, the very progressive transgender movement and why Bud Light never should done the partnership in the first place. And say like, because Bud Light was always about fun and music and sports is like, we should have never had this person as a sponsorship again earlier. They shouldn't have Donald Trump as a sponsor either, you know? Of course they should. I agree. Just, just so that's so Bud Light.


Now we sell beer, just We Sell beer, sell beer, we're going, we're gonna get back to selling beer guys, we screwed up, we apologize. We want our customers back. We're selling beer. End of story. The problem is they couldn't do that because they've made all these other commitments. Why to the human rights campaign, who they tried to, who they highlighted every single year in their annual ESG report that they had a perfect score on it they had made. But the human Rights campaign is like, they're not big shareholders of ab no, They have No right to run a beer company, But they're a stakeholder of AB and that becomes the problem. You have all the, but They have no like moral legitimacy. What are, even if you love the human rights campaign, which is totally evil, just that's my opinion. Having, you know, known them. But even if you love them, why do they get a veto over the behavior of like a huge publicly traded company?


It's just like crazy. Again, it all just feeds on itself for, it's called the stakeholder Capitalism industrial complex. But the Stakeholder, really the beer drinkers, they, But that's the problem that became the least, but We can insult them. Your customer became sort of the lowest priority, which is the problem. Exactly. This made no sense. It made zero sense. And then, so, so again, this partnership usually happened on April 1st. On April 15th. That's when you have the CEO for the first time. A guy named Brendan Whitworth, who I know you know very well, he made a first public essentially response, and it's almost this comical letter, I think it was called like our Letter to America or something, where it never acknowledged the situation they were in. They never acknowledged the controversy, never mentioned Dylan by name.


It was just a, Hey, we're gonna get back to brewing beer and here's a video for Clydesdale Riding, riding across America. And I mean, as You can imagine, the the outrage was, was, I mean, palpable both on the right. And there were loyal customers that were like, wait a minute. We wanted that exact, you know, kinda apology and hey, we fired the person I just gave. But then now you have all these people on the left that are saying, wait a minute, I wanted you guys to see you're gonna be become like Ben and Jerry's. You know, I want you guys to be doing more of the, of the, of the Dylan campaign. And so all of a sudden the company actually its sales declined even more. And funny enough, is He still there? He's Still there. Which is crazy. Everyone is still there. There's been zero accountability for this despite the fact, I don't understand. So I, I'm, you know, I don't know the guy. I've met him and talked to him. Former ccia, a guy, former Ccia A guy he told me, right.


Extremely physically fit as most Big, big, big CrossFit guy. Most CEOs I've met, and particularly the more disconnected from manufacturing they are, the more finance oriented they are, the better physical condition they're in just cut jaw lines. They all play lacrosse in Middlebury. They're always on the cool, the guy looks like GI Joe. I mean, a hundred percent. Yeah. I'm not against physical fitness. I could use a little more myself, but that doesn't seem like a relevant criterion if you're choosing a CEO. And yet every Larry Fink is kind of pudgy. So I'm on his side for that. But it feels like whoever's doing the hiring here is doing it based on appearance. And these are white people mostly. So it's not, it's not DEI exactly. But it is a form of DEI like why, like that guy seemed like every other CEO I've met in the last 10 years, vapid, afraid, completely terrified.


He could smell the fear on the guy obsessed with his physical appearance and totally lacking creativity of those fair descriptions. That was just my reaction from spending an evening with him. That's amazing. I mean, you, you, you spent one evening with him. I spent, I don't know, I've known Brendan for 10 years, 15 years. I'm not think he's like a terrible person. I I, I'm sure you know, I, I I don't know that, but I, but he's definitely, and I hate to single him out though. He use a former CIA guy. Yeah. I mean we should be disqualifying right there, but, oh, I'm sorry. But like, he seemed emblematic of a, an entire class of people who in my pretty extensive experience around them are deeply unimpressive. Like, not like I would not hire any of them to do anything in my way.


I, I Mean, I think the bigger pieces You don I'm talking about, it's, it's the lack of courage. And I think we saw this a lot with a lot of CEOs and I think especially with, with with Brendan Ware. So he reported into a global CEO, which is this guy Michelle DUIs, who's European and kind of I'm sure he is a good guy. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So, and I think this is, this is again the, the the seemed Like French mastermind. Yeah. I Mean, but, but it's a little bit of that where, where Brendan all of a sudden, like, And he knew to take a hard stand and say, you know what, we screwed up. We're firing this person, we apologize and we're gonna get back to doing Bud Light commercials that are, you know, fun and humorous, whatever else. And he didn't do it And he didn't do it that first time in April, there was another really response. So how does he keep his job? Well, I I, I'll get back to that in a second.


But then, like this was really telling, there was going into July 4th weekend of 2023, this is the biggest beer selling weekend of the year, Bud Light sales had tanked down 30, 40%. The stocks lost $40 billion in market cap. The, the business had gone from making $6 billion of, They lost how much in Market cap they lost $40 billion in market cap. 40 billion, 40 billion of market cap. And then the stock was around $70 a share. When this happened, it went down to $40 billion. So How can this solicit chick and the ccia a dude still, I mean, how could they ever work again in an American business? $40 billion. You love this. A list was placed on leave at some point along this, she's actually now working for Liv in the Liv tour, the Saudi golf tour, which is like, no, really, I swear to God. I be like, you can't make this up. Actually, I swear to God. Yeah. I swear to God.


So it's, that's at least on our LinkedIn, it is working for the live Saudi golf tour. So anyway, that's, we can get to that in a second. So we'll get to that in a second. But the, so going to July 4th week of 2023, for the first time Brendan goes on national TV and He goes on CBS And he has this live interview where he's gonna try and get this back on track 'cause he's now missed twice with a response and is only antagonized people and thinks he's gotten worse. So He goes on CBS and one of the hosts, you know, first off says, Hey, Thank you for being here. 'cause most people in your seat, they would've run for the hills. I mean, after what we've seen with millions of customers losing, leaving you billions of dollars being lost. But they say, Hey, the question everyone wants to know is, was this partnership a mistake?


And would you do it again? And he gives some real wishy-washy mealy mouth and answer, well, there's a lot of things going on in the world and culture and this and that. And after 30 seconds of kind of wavering around, the host comes back and says, to be clear, like you do realize the answer you just gave is the reason why millions of people have left. Billions of dollars have been raised. Let me ask again, was this campaign a mistake? And would you do it again? And again, he gives a completely evasive $40 billion loss. 40 billion. And he can't say it's a bad idea. Can't say it's a bad idea. And what's crazy is that literally that exact same week, Dylan, and yeah, I only, I can, I feel bad for Dylan in this whole thing because Dylan essentially comes out and says, Hey, if you can't stand by like a transgender, you know, person, then don't do the campaign.


Don't do it. You know, that's worse than not hiring somebody at all, but like, just don't do it. And so Dylan essentially said it was a mistake 'cause they couldn't stand by it. Larry think that week at the Aspen Ideas Festival says, I'm not using the term ESG anymore because it's become too controversial and, and it's lost its meaning. And you have this now CEO of one of the most iconic companies in the United States. Anheuser-Busch can't make a direct response about a campaign that has cost this company billions of dollars, millions of customers. They had to fire thousands of employees after this suppliers Shut down. But, but not the CIA guy. He kept his job, But, but he's kept his job still. I mean, he still kept his job. You don't understand that. Like, where's, does the company have a board? Well, this is the problem, but it's a European based board.


So it's based over in Europe, it's based in Belgium. They still abide by a lot of these different philosophy. And this is where we're coming into an issue that, So what's the point of having a head of the company, a president of the company? If You, if you're just gonna be a puppet, that's the problem. And that's where I almost think that for a lot of companies, I think Burg specifically, I think that company's actually better off probably selling its US business unit at this point. Because I don't think You can serve this European System, but it's so damaged. Well, it is, but I think people love a great American comeback story. You know, I agree. Like they do. And but to make that story, you have to admit again that there was a mistake and that you screwed up and that you've taken accountability for it. And that we now have a different plan. And it doesn't matter how much money the company has subsequently spent on, I mean, it's a hundred million dollars for Dana White in the UFC.


They've hired Shane Gillis, they've hired Peyton Manning, they've done all these things to try and get their customer back. But all the customer wants is like guys, to say, you screwed up.


One of the greatest changes of the past six months is You can finally say loud and proud without the threat of going to jail for it. That you're for babies, you are for the unborn. And that's great news for pre-born. Our partner, which operates a clinic network across the United States, pre-born is the single greatest threat to the abortion industry. It's rescued, rescued over 67,000 babies last year alone. These abortions still claim thousands of lives every year. It's one of the great tragedies, unspoken most of the time it's on a right. It is a tragedy. So the goal is to rescue all these babies. They need your help to do that. Assisting in providing ultrasounds is a great place to start. More knowledge, more information for expecting mothers. It really makes a huge difference. Once a mother realizes that the lump in her belly is a baby, as a child, she becomes twice as likely to choose life to let that child live. One ultrasound costs only 28 bucks, meaning that five are just $140. So $5,000 is good for enough devices to cover pre-born entire network for a full day. It really, really helps you hope you'll join this cause dial pound two 50, say the keyword baby, that's pound two 50, the word baby. Or You can visit preborn.com/tucker to make a secure donation preborn.com/tucker.


But all of it is so far from the core mission. I mean, I, I knew, you know, former head of that company pretty well. Wonderful man. And it's probably still was true as of last year. You know, he was doesn't, doesn't run the company anymore. Is August Bush, August Bush the third. Yeah, The third, The third What, what, what The best meanings I've ever been in my entire life. He's amazing. This guy's unbelievable. He's he's unbelievable. I could tell stories, but yeah, no, he's an unbelievable person. But he, and this may be true today, you know, he's, he's an older man, mid eighties anyway, but he was still tasting Budweiser beer every single week that they send him every single US product And he tastes it. Yeah, he's one of six or seven. You know, this 'cause you worked there and the people who founded that company, that family, and You can say a lot of things about the family and this big fractious family with all kinds of stories, but they all love Beer.


Oh yeah. Like they truly Love beer. They drink their beers. Like they think that Bud Light's an amazing beer And they think, you know, bud Heavy is a great beer. Like they're into the product. Oh, totally. And it feels like that's a per, like I use ALP from the second I wake up till the second I go to bed. That's what happens. That's why we own the company, because I love it. Yeah. And I think if You don't have that spirit, if the head of Philip Morris doesn't even smoke Marlboro Reds get out. Yeah. I I totally agree. If you're embarrassed of what you do, don't do it. I completely agree. I mean the, the Budweiser, he said they almost had Budweiser in their veins. I think there was a whole story that when you're, when you're born, they literally give you a thimble of Budweiser. Yes. Seriously. The first thing I think you drink and If you got a problem with it, don't work there. That's it.


I I don't, I Why is that hard? Yeah. If you go to church and like the priest is like, well actually I'm an atheist. It's like, okay, I'm not saying should go to jail for atheism, but I don't think you should be preaching in A church. Shouldn should be Yeah. Shouldn't be here. Yeah. So I, so, so completely agree. And I think that's one of the problems that we have is that even here in the, and there's a bunch of other brands as well. I mean like, you know, Jeep's another great one. Jeep's owned by now Stellantis, which is based over in the Netherlands. And you're talking about man, if you're gonna have a American brand like Jeeps, should that really be owned by the Europeans? If they just have a completely different philosophical system And they just have that, the European mindset, it's just very different. Like tiny Little electric cars. Little gay cars. It's so weird. You might be seeing little mini Jeeps. Yes, yes. I I have an 8-year-old daughter. She used to have one of those like Barbie jeeps that's probably, I don't pick Jeep No.


Stonewall Jeep. Yeah, No, it's like that's, They're fine. I mean, I'm not like, go make a Stonewall Jeep if you want, but like, there should be just like a regular Jeep too. Yeah. And that's okay. And give that customer that regular Jeep as well. And so, I don't know, this is, this is where I think also these companies also need to go to, actually another company's actually doing like a pretty good job of navigating a lot of the cul the cultural wars. They actually have Netflix, a lot of credit. Hmm. If You remember there was two or three years ago Netflix getting a lot of pressure to cancel Dave Chappelle. Remember when there was this Dave Chappelle special? Oh, very well, well they wanted to cancel Dave Chappelle. Well, well, Well a lot of other people wanted to cancel Chappelle because he had jokes about the LGBT LGBTQ and a million other communities by the way. I mean, Dave Chappelle doesn't leave anybody unscathed. Yeah. And there was a lot of pressure.


He was tough on the trans thing though. He's like, this is, this is not right. I mean he, he like, Yeah, he, he, he was tough on that. He wasn't just mocking, he was like, men cannot become women. Period. Sorry, so I'm a Muslim, I'm not doing this. Yeah. But you Know his, that's, Hey, it's freedom of speech in the country. I great. No, I'm a hundred percent on Dave Schell's side. I'm just saying he was, it was more than just a joke. Like he, he was serious about it I think. Yeah. And But, and and the thing I at least give Netflix credit for is when all of this was going on, they were told to cancel Chappelle. They came out with this Culture of excellence document and this Culture of excellence document essentially said like, we are not going to censor artists at Netflix. We are gonna put out content for liberals, conservatives, whatever you kind of name it. And people watch whatever they wanna watch. But we are not gonna censor it at Netflix.


And if you have an issue with that, then go work somewhere, somewhere else and actually give Netflix a lot of credit for that. 'cause they're based in California. I agree. Everything else. And that's great. They play the Obamas. Yeah, Yeah. That's it. No, but play that. But then also, well I guess it was Amazon that picked up the, the Melania Trump deal. But great. Like put it all out there. I mean, who cares what America's watch whatever they want. And so I give 'em a lot of credit for that. I think that that, that's also where Anheuser-Busch kind of needs to go as well is to say, listen, we have a whole portfolio of beers mean hell, we have King Cobra 40 ounce bottles that is For a certain person, You know. But then we also have craft breweries like Goose Island. So they make King Cobra forties. And again, I don't drink, I'm opposed to alcohol. But I love that I live in a country that still makes King Cobra forties. I do, I do.


I can't help it. And I assume that is, I assume they weren't pushing Dylan Mulvaney on King Cobra drinkers. No, they were not putting on King Key. That's the way they were not doing would be. No, that would be hilarious. So that would be, maybe they should maybe That would be amazing. That'd be amazing. Bring that back. That Would be a Pin up. You imagine a pin up of Dylan Mulvaney on a King Cobra. If Alyssa Schopenhauer, whatever her name is, like I think King Cobra drinkers are out of touch. That would take some balls. Yeah, That would, that'd be amazing. That would take some balls. That take some balls. So yeah. But they also have Goose Silent and Goose Island in Chicago. They have a Sounds queer. I'm in IPA and fine you're in Chicago. And and that's what people want. Great. Give 'em to those folks for your craft is as well. Is it good? I've never had it.


I don't know. There's a beer advocate thing that just one of these websites that wait rates, beers, they say it's great. So great. Can do that as Well. It looks good. By the way, I haven't had a beer in almost 25 years, but someone, the head of the athletic brewing company, which is not apon of the show by the way. Yeah. He just sent me a couple cases of it. Have you ever had That? Oh yeah, I have it. I have it in my, my, I actually trade emails. That's like The best thing I've ever had. It's, It's great. And so I like it a lot. I actually traded emails with, with Bill Shufeldt who's the That's exactly like, what a good guy. Yeah. Great guy. So it's funny 'cause I, he's did an amazing job and I respect the company, but the Product is just so Good. Product is very good. I mean, great product. I, I wrote a post. I was, I, he got almost a billion dollar valuation for this company, his latest round. And I just disagreed with the valuation.


I do some consumer investing. So I wrote a post about like, Hey, great job. Kudos. Congratulations. Here's why I don't think it's gonna be a $3 billion company. He had some issues with my post, but, but it did, you know. But I said, Hey, I respect what you've done and I just, you know, don't think you're gonna be a $3 billion company. Great. Get me wrong. Look back. I don't know anything about, I like him. Nice guy. Again, they are not sponsors of this show, but he's totally focused on the product. Yeah. That's it. Like he just thinks it's The best product ever. He just thinks it's amazing. And he's right. It is. Yeah. It's great product. It tastes just like regular beer. I Think it's better than why without, I haven't had a beer in a while, but it's really good. He's done a i four at dinner the other night. Yeah, They're great ones. You have Probably not, they're probably not good for me. I, you know, he sent me, I dunno, he sent me a all kinds of different, one was called Tucker actually.


Oh really? Yeah, it was, I think it was a wheat beer. It was the least good. But they were all, they were great. Yeah, they were amazing. Yeah. And it's opened up what his, his non-alcoholic beer used to. I mean, it was terrible. And they really, it never had one. It was So bad. Like it felt so deep. It Was kind a joke. Now that feels like a Dylan Mul Mulvaney segment. You know What I mean? Dylan, you love, that's What it was. That was essentially totally what non-alcoholic beer was. And he totally just reframed what it can be. Where it can be good. Cool. You have it after a run, you feel better. Like Actually delicious. Actually delicious. And there's this whole movement now. I mean it's, it's crazy. My, I I Even those, I'm, I'm categorized a millennial, you know, I like to identify as the greatest generation here, Tucker. But you know, like, I think I'm categorized as a, as a millennial. But my cohort, I think 80% of us used to drink alcohol when we were in our twenties.


And now that Gen Z is in their, their twenties, only 60% of 'em drinking alcohol. Is that true? True. At this point, yes. I mean there's been a massive drop off in the number of people drinking alcohol. And then across all cohorts, gen Z, millennial, gen x, boomers, everyone's generally drinking less also. 'cause people are just becoming more health conscious. So he's doing a great job of picking up a lot of those people that still like the taste of beer or the occasion of beer. But they just don't want to drink the six pack of beer and feel like trash. We forget How good hops are. Yeah. Hops are, they're great. Hops are amazing. And hops exist for a lot of reasons. But one is to counterbalance the taste of alcohol. 'cause alcohol does not taste good. Right. You take the alcohol out the hops, just pardon the pun, flour Yeah. Into this. Amazing, now I'm getting very outta control, but like this bouquet of flavor.


Yeah. But we tell Mulvaney now, but like, yeah. And actually beer compliments food a lot better than wine does. Yes it does because it's so diverse. Does 'cause you have loggers and porters and stouts and IPAs. Usually with wines you kind of red and white and that's about it. But there it actually does a much better job with food. Have you Ever seen Alyssa Schopenhauer or whatever her name is? Alyssa, German name from Harvard. And then CIA guy, CEO. Have you ever seen them drink beer at lunch? Probably not at lunch, I don't know. I feel Brendan was more of like a, you know, he would drink Budweiser like here And there, maybe one or so. But I think he was much more into the, you know, muscle Milk and that was kind of his, you know, his thing. So Come on now. But I, I don't know man. And again, it's, it's, I, Brenda should have been more courageous.


I don't know, like the guy, he took a company that was doing $6 billion of profits and now doing 4 billion of profits. I mean, just there you've lost $2 billion, you're still here. That's the problem. I I what is, what is that? Yeah, It's just, oh, you say Like that's, he's a puppet. He's clearly a puppet And he iss terrified. And I, again, I don't mean to attack him personally though. Of course I am, but I'm sure he is not a bad guy. I'm sure his wife and kids like him, but it does seem like the people pulling his puppet strings. That's obviously true. Yeah. They have an interest in making money. Like, I don't understand the total lack of accountability in corporate America. Yeah. I I, so I, so no one's ever fired it. It's like the US military. Well, but I think this is, this is perfect again, when you're control this European corporation, like they think they're doing a good thing by trying to get involved in pushing more of the, the political issues.


Also. I think there's something to be said is that when you, I dunno, reach a certain level of wealth and money and you're, you know, billionaire type class, well that's it. You wanna be part of the right social circle. It doesn't actually matter To you. Right. Scene. That's it. And I think that's part of it because the whole company is more controlled by these Belgian families and a couple Brazilian families as well. And now their kids are on the board. And I think it's just being in the right social. I bet their kids are pretty great. Right. You Know, I I've never met them, but, but, but billionaire kids, let's Put some billionaire kids on the board. Yeah. It's got James Murdoch on the board. That's it mean, he's a genius. You know, so, so this is the bigger issue. And then what's even funny about Brendan, I mean, you almost feel, I feel bad for you, almost feel bad for Brendan because Kid Rock actually actually went on Rogan's show and essentially he had a big conversation with Brendan as well, And he was talking about how he's, you know, kid Rock was making fun of him for the whole CBS interview He did.


And he was like, I don't get it, man. Like, why did you just get up there and you were like a puppet? And essentially this kid rock's words and telling the story was like Brendan said he was coached. He was like, yeah, it was coached. I have to say what I have to say. And like, that's what's problematic. And again, this is where you come back to this fundamental just like disconnect between the American sort of way and American business and the European way. He essentially coached by the board, But it doesn't work. No one is served. So you have to ask like, what actually is this? So the company's not served, it's employees are not served, it's consumers are not served. Poor Brendan who's just like a hapless bystander to his own life, guzzling muzzle milk and hitting the elliptical. He's not, he's humiliated. And then the shareholders lose $2 billion a year. So like, who is winning here? Yeah. And you've gotta think that maybe this is part of a bigger play to destroy the West.


I mean, I think's drawn that out there. I Mean, who, who, who's winning? It's again, I think a lot of the, the board members who China's winning, China's probably winning in this thing. I don't know if this, this is like, as much of a China's is winning. I dunno if they have much to do with this. This is more of this, again, outta touch. All this Stuff European, the Black Lives Matter helped zero black people except the ones who stole the money from Apple Except the, the, the big lavish mansions that were Exactly. No, but it didn't help Black people. I'm all for helping. I'm all for helping everybody. Okay. But it didn't help black people. It didn't help. You know, Kenosha, Wisconsin, which is destroyed and never will be rebuilt, didn't help all the Hispanic families who live in Kenosha. It didn't help anybody actually. It didn't help anybody trans, how many happy trans people are there? Zero.


That does not help actually. It just denies people, grandchildren, it's, I don't know, I, it's hard to see who the winners are. Like in an armed robbery, there's the victim. Yeah. There's a liquor store owner. Okay. He gets shot, but then the guy who takes his money gets the money. Yeah. So he wins. So like, I'm not endorsing that of course. But there's a logic to it. But some of the biggest social trends in the United States don't seem to have any winners. No. And that freaks me out. Well, but Again, but I, but I think the winners are more of the, the China's the rock. Well, yeah, you know, the, the big picture Europe, et cetera. Because I mean, if you almost think about it, I mentioned this earlier, but the US was always exceptional. It's always been the city upon a hill that people are good. Yes. It's always been unique and distinct and different.


And there have been, you know, it's always been radical ideas in the United States that have free speech and American capitalism and freedom of religion. These have all been radical ideas for a long time. And that's allowed us to become the most successful, prosperous, you name a country. And I think that there's been ways that sort of the, the Europeans, the Chinese, others, they've been able to infiltrate that and try and rebalance. I mean, going into a, you know, the so-called like oppressor versus oppressed framework, like for the rest of the world, this US was always this, you know, oppressor type country. We're always oppressed. How do you rebalance? Well, you try and social engineering, you try and you get the Country to kill itself. Yeah. I mean that's the way that, that's essentially the way that you do it. And that Does seem that way. If you're thinking long. And by the way, I don't mean to blame China. I don't hate China, I respect China.


And they're acting in what they think is their own interest, which I think is what countries ought to do. But I'm not blaming them for, you know, Melissa Schopenhauer or whatever her name is. Alyssa, sorry, I gonna let you just keep going. Sorry. Because I love everyone, everyone's great. I'm not gonna correct it all. The German Lady from Harvard's ccia guy who drinks Muscle Milk, I'm not blaming China for their personal inadequacies, adequacies their mediocrity, whatever, that's their fault. But big picture, like, it's just like, what is going on here? Yeah. I mean, so I think that is what's, what, what's going on is that you have obviously, you know, governments that are, that are antagonists towards the United States are trying to mean China, Europe, et cetera, trying to kind of pull us back, tear us down.


But even a lot of these other, you know, companies as well, unfortunately, just have a different view of what business should be. And I don't think it's gonna be good for the business units in the us It's bad for everybody's Bad, everybody. I was someone the other day who knows Larry Fink really well. And I said, boy, I, I think Larry Fink has really been damaging to the country, to the world. And this person said, you know, I feel sorry for Larry Fink. Why, why'd you feel sorry for Larry? He's he's the single unhappiest person I've ever met. I'm not surprised by that. It's so weird. Like what he, What's the principles? Billions of dollars if you're miserable. But Here's it because he doesn't have any principles. Because if you take a look at BlackRock, it's just been blowing in the wind over the last couple of years when it was all about the ESG and stakeholder capitalism.


We're gonna hold that flag and we're gonna carry it. But then as soon as people just with principles thinking about saying, guys, you're violating your fiduciary obligation because I've just asked you to make money for me, not do social engineering policies that are losing money for me. And so when all of a sudden people started pulling their money from them, they got pulled in front of Congress by a bunch of politicians. Now of a sudden, Larry Fink is backing ways, says, I don't see e sg anymore. He pulled DEI off their website. But why Do people hate the United States? Like the hostility you feel from someone like Larry Fink toward the US is like unmistakable. It's like you, you're mad at the United States, but you're American and You can only have done what you did in this country with all of our legal protections and all the freedoms that you have. Like why declare war on your own country?


And they all have. Yeah, I don't know. It's just because he's lines his own pockets along the way, I guess. But there are lots Be rich And patriotic too. You could even, I don't know, be unscrupulous in business and be patriotic. I, You know, you used to work at Fox in, in, in, you know, New York. There were a lot of people that literally say like, I, I wouldn't say I worked in Fox. Who's cat temp? She's got, she's been doing, she used to tell people she worked in the porn industry. Instead of saying Fox News in New York City, I'm not gonna, she said, I'm not gonna comment on that. I mean, but I think especially when you're in New York, if you wanna go to the right schools and go to the right parties and get your kids into this and that, like you can't be patriotic in a lot of cases. I know. And You can stand up. That's of course. And I Don't need to single out Larry Fink. It sounds like he needs our prayers, not our scorn, but I I it's that whole leadership class which is so angry at going back to, you know, Melissa Hindenberg or whatever her name is, Hindenberg One, Sorry, whatever German girl from Harvard.


I, I can't believe that hasn't been picked up. But let's say the hindenberg ones. I haven't heard that one. That's No, I was Thinking of Paul von Hindenberg, not the, not the bli. No, I thought you were thinking about the B whatever. The last president of Germany, the one who handed it to the Nazis. Actually no. People like that. And it's not just her, of course, it's an entire class. People who I, I've lived around my whole life, I know them and I know their attitudes and they're all like, they just hate the country. There's like a gut level contempt for the United States. And it's like, what did America ever do to you? Actually Yeah. Gave you a ton of opportunity. You made way more than you deserved. Your life is a lot easier than it would've been in any other place. What are you mad about? But they all feel that way. No, I agree.


It's, it's almost, you have to be, it's bizarre, apologetic, bizarre about being here and enjoying it. But they work to undermine it. Yeah. They work to wreck it. Like what's America? It's a meritocracy. It's like, that's the whole promise of immigration by the way. Immigration only works in a meritocracy. It's like, yeah. The smartest, most ambitious, fairest, most decent people around the world get to move here and just kick ass. Yeah. Okay. Everyone's for that. We're not gonna like move hundreds of thousands of Haitians into your neighborhood just to wreck it. Like you can't do that. Yeah. You know, I mean the, the, the greatest sort of asset that we have in this country, it is the American dream. Of course. I mean that is of course that is the greatest asset. Why people wanna move here, why people wanna invest here, why people wanna be here. And there's a lot of other people that wanna tear down that American dream.


They wanna make you feel like it's not, but they're all Americans yet. Let's assume you want to, I just find it so strange. If they took that destructive energy and focused it on our actual enemies, whoever those might be, you know, they could, we could get a lot done. That stuff is more dangerous than nuclear weapons. Yeah. Well I think that the pendulums swinging back. So we got a lot of people that have finally, I Hope that's right. You know, I think a lot of brave people, it's been amazing to see what's happened in Silicon Valley over the last Year or two. I agree. These Are a lot of smart, bright people that were afraid to stick their neck out there. I mean, thank God for Elon that all of a sudden came around And he gave people the, the ability to put their neck out there also. And the fact that he represents or owns or runs or whatever his relationship is companies that make things, physical things.


Yeah. That's why it's so sad to see it happen to ab 'cause it's like they actually make a product, make product You can hold in your hand and, and This and it's a great product. And whether you like alcohol or not like alcohol, I mean Budweiser to some degree was the American treatment a bottle. You know, This is the famous Budweiser beer we know of no other beer that costs so much to ruin age or exclusive Beachwood Aging produces a taste, a drinkability, you'll find it no other beer at any price. You Gotta be the only person who hasn't drank a beer in 25 years that can recite that up, that bottle How much beer I drink. How do you, Is that what it was for me? It was Always a breakfast beverage. Yeah. I was never, you know, I probably should have worked there 'cause I was never embarrassed. Mean, I thank Kevin, I quit drinking, but I was never embarrassed to drink in the morning. Ever. Yeah. It never even occurred to me. I just grew up in a different world and I, I always have felt my whole life.


It's a breakfast Of champions. Back in the day, If you're embarrassed to do something, don't do it. Yeah. And so I was never embarrassed, but like, I'd like a beer, please. I'd like a bud tall boy, like a bud tall boy for breakfast with french toast. You know what I mean? Yeah. Just kinda get you an even keel. And I, I've never had a Bud Light in my, my life, but I did think that Budweiser was like a pretty serviceable beer. It was, it was a great beer, very serviceable beer. Great sort of Americana beer. And again, like the, the history of the company is amazing. It's almost intertwined with the history of the United States. Yes. It really started before the Civil War, which is crazy. Oh, I know. And there was a huge supporter in World War I. World War ii, have Folds of honor foundation, I mean, hires thousands of of veterans. And so he can more long term, I want the company to get back. I want and, and was strong with American political and labor history.


I mean August Bush, I third Yeah. Who is still alive, knew Jimmy Hoffa. Yeah. Not like post-prison get murdered. Jimmy Hoffa, but like Labor leader Jimmy Hoffa. Oh yeah, definitely. I Mean, this was at the center. It was a huge employer. It was a builder of the middle class in this country. And they built this distribution network of 500 independent family owned wholesalers across the country. Unbeliev, which are amazing. And They, all those families got rich, like everything. And Everyone did incredibly well. And so, I mean, more broadly I, and I know a lot of the wholesalers and that they're all upset about what happened the last couple years. 'cause they lost tons of their business. They had to fire employees. But C guy still does his job. Yes. Which is crazy. And it's, I mean this is even funny as well. So this year he tried to re, you know how Beer on Menus usually says domestic or import?


Yeah. And domestic. So he tried to reframe domestic beer as American beer, which sounds like a great idea. But if you're not an American owned company, then where do you put Anheuser-Busch? Do you put them on the American beer or on the import beer? I know a lot of times the import. And I think that's one of the reasons they should actually either sell it back to the Bush family or sell it back to Warren Buffet. I, you know, I think it was, I don't have any special knowledge beyond what's obvious. But I think the problem with these family held companies like a family summer house, they're just too many stakeholders, as you say, too many family members who want the money. And it's hard to keep them going for that reason. No, I mean it, it is now. I mean even in the Bush family, their credit, I mean they got through four generations. It's Ama No, I'm not criticizing them at all.


I'm just saying at a certain point the family gets really big. Yeah. They didn't own it anymore. And there are certain members who wanna run it and own it. 'cause it's their family legacy, it's their history. And there are certain members, just like, I live in Aspen, send me the money. Yeah, no, you're right. So I mean, you gotta find that right person at some point. Just nepotism just doesn't work. And there's gonna be so many outside better. But I think that You can have actually us ownership again of the business. And whereas, excuse me, Anheuser-Busch InBev, it's a global company. They have operations in China and Africa and South America and everywhere. The US at this point is only about, I think 20% of their revenue and maybe a quarter of their profits. So it actually, to my, to me it makes tons of sense. And the company will, this year will do, I don't know, four and a half billion of call profits. So I think there's somebody like Warren Buffett could come and maybe he buys the thing for 30 to $40 billion and he's sitting on $300 billion of cash.


And maybe all of a sudden you put actually, like you give actual real authority to US leadership. So, and move it back to St. Louis. Move Back to St. Louis, move it back to where it was. Great town. Yeah. I mean put its whole corporate headquarters back there, put it back in the Midwest somewhere. And I think that's gonna, that would make a lot of sense. 'cause otherwise you're gonna continue to have a lot of competitors coming in and taking jobs and who knows Or give opportunities to folks like yourself. I mean, you're already going after the Zyn folks with alp. So Yeah, the the Stonewall brand, this is the non Stonewall brand. It's just alp, American lip pill. You can put your mouth, you don't have to worry about where it's been. It's good. Thank you. That was absolutely fascinating. Yeah, I Appreciate it. Thank you very much. And then if You don't mind, and just plug it at the end, but talk about all this in last call for Bud Light, which is the book that we just released on this this past month.


So I love it. Love people to go Check it out. I know your editor, Paul Schwa, one of my favorite people. Ah, He's great. I love Paul. He's The best. You probably know Keefe at Javelin as Well. I certainly do. Yeah. Great to See you. Yeah. Thanks Tucker. Thank you. We wanna Thank you for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day. We know the people who run it. Good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bell so you never miss an episode. We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter. Telling the truth always. You will not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell. We appreciate it. Thanks for watching.