
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers spend $5 to get 250 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel, America's number one sports book two one plus Impress in Virginia must be first online real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


First of all, I wish to, In fact to mention that all my, my, I used to guarantee In fact that all my actions represent nothing but a selfless sense of duty to my people, to my Romanian people. And of course I have a dream of freedom and dignity for the Romanian people. I was denied by the globalist Mafia, which they control this region like a colony.


And of course it's the same, let's say, intelligence group also present in this region as well as the group, which they try to destroy the campaign of President Trump as well. It was just a copy paste with different subjects, including that I was falsely accused about foreign interference. Particularly of course the Russian interference exactly as President Trump was accused the past.


Nevertheless, there are not evidence and of course related with this foreign interference. I was just to mention that also system 100% in Romania was entities coordinate and control by foreign interference before these elections was controlled by the former Secretary of States from the United States, Blinken and all as NeoCon. And after The President Trump and Trump events administration is totally controlled by, by France.


So actually the current Romanian president today is president of France Macron. So Sarich Macron, if I can say. Yeah. Yes. In any case, the point is that very clear I was an outsider and because I was an outsider, they didn't control or didn't let's say had any, any suspicion in the early beginning. In the first round about this, I'm speaking and my narrative was totally devoted to my people and was totally related with what we can do alone.


How I can be, how we can be remaining independence. And with this narrative, including a program which I present for Romania, food, water, and energy. I succeed in the first round, on the first place. And in the moment when you are outsider, of course they alert immediately because they can lose. They realize they can lose the power and the money. Moreover, the most important point was in the moment when I said, when I pronounce the word peace, the immediately, the alert in the moment when I said peace because they need war.


And this was the main important point. After the first round, everything, let's say the system was alert immediately and everybody knows that the Romanian people that was Foreign interference, which they control total is the situation. And of course the, the system in Romania just they put into practice what they decide in a sense to, to ban me immediately. So in the second round was started in December 6th with Romanian living outside of of the country.


We had three days voting process. So we start on six was seven and eight in Romania. So in the, in the day of six in the afternoon, they canceled totally the elections. The process was started in the morning until afternoon I had almost 70% and they stopped the cancel. So the second round of election was illegally and unconstitutionally canceled.


They stolen the vote totally And they accused me, as I said, they falsely accused me about Russian interference. Of course there are not evidence and until today when me and you we have this interview is no evidence at all. Just to underline that, it's copy paste as President Trump suffer a lot during his campaign. Absolutely the same situation. They didn't come with any new stuff, just the same one.


But in any case, they consider that they don't have to come back anymore to the second round. And they promote another elections, which they are coming in the months of May this year. So in one month from now, which is another fraud even bigger than before this, I wish to be very clear, I made an application also for the second elections, they blocked me again. And in this moment, legally I have not the right to participate to any campaign for the position as president of Romania.


I wish to to mention to you the most important point, which In fact they alarm them. And the most important is peace, peace and freedom. Because to the second one, just I want to say that they have fear of free Romania more than fear war. This I wish to be very clear. The second one, the most important topic on earth is peace. What kind of peace do I mean?


Genuine peace, exactly as President Kennedy said in 1963 in front of American University was a fantastic speech. And today is reality. This peace, this kind of peace is the peace which makes life on earth. Happy children, happy families, happy happiness in general. What we have today in one or two minutes, I can tell you every third person says, today I'm hungry.


Every second person today says, I'm thirsty. And almost every, everybody says, I fear This is our most important point of control of them. The only thing we have to fear is fear itself said President Roosevelt in 1933. And this is absolutely exactly today the fear. So confident, confident and unafraid. We must labor words for the strategy of peace.


This is a most important point and I wish to ask you one point also myself. You know, we know how much cost the war, but you know how much cost the peace, how much cost, how much cost it, because everybody, we are talking about peace, but it's not implemented. So the only chance in the real sense, which I can see, and this was the main important point in Romania, which I have seen also, not only what I said myself, but what I said Romanian people is President Trump, it's only chance for everybody to arrive their peace to back to democracy, not only in the United States, everywhere,


Sorry to be creepy about it, but you're being watched. It's not just you we're all being watched. Every time we go online, data brokers record everything you do. When you sign on your phone, your iPad, your computer, doesn't matter. People are watching you. And some people think that's fine, you've got nothing to hide, but that's exactly the story they tell you to get you to lower your guard. The more you expose yourself, the more money they make by selling information about you. It's pretty sick actually. Congress has not banned it. And instead the rest of us are here to fend for ourselves. And that's why we use express VPN Express. VPN gives you back your privacy. It reroutes a hundred percent of your online activity through secure encrypted servers. That makes it impossible for anyone to track and sell your information. If you're new to using A VPN, it's super, super easy. The service also scours the files of data brokers and requests to have your information removed from their records. It gives you a fresh start, even if you don't have it, it retroactively cleans you off the internet express VPN also alerts you anytime your sensitive information is being used and that makes it easier for you to prevent identity theft and that's a relief. So right now you get an extra four months for free when you use this show's link, scan the QR code on the screen or go to ExpressVPN dot com slash tucker and get your extra months for extra months of ExpressVPN for free. That's ExpressVPN dot com slash tucker.


And it's a chance also for Europe that we have President Trump. Period. This is all a lot of things just for one person, but of course we are together. And I want to tell you that not only the Americans citizens, they vote President Trump, also the Romanians, they vote President Trump because we are thinking about that. We pray for that. And also time we think to, to have President Trump in this position because otherwise the situation could be very critical related, particularly that we want peace.


And by the way, all my campaign, why just concentrate on peace. And I I was accused by the by, by media why I, why I'm talking about peace. Because they need war all the time. Why this? All the campaign, I spoke about peace, they said war, I spoke about peace. They said war. They did not expect me to win the first round because I said about peace and the people, they are looking for peace. Of course, during the campaign they asked me only for war, only permanently and permanently I spoke about peace.


So this was all the campaign. And of course another point very, very, very important was my program, food, water, and energy. Because I present the, to change the economic system of Romania. And this was based as everybody who knows about Hamilton ology. I wish to make a Hamiltonian Romania in a sense to be totally independent to to provide performance economy, but depends only by your natural resources, not by debt, you know?


Yes. So exactly this was a situation. So we can be a Hamiltonian powerhouse in Eastern Europe site or also in Europe just because we have to follow The best which we had in the world. And one of The best, which I recognize myself is, is the founding father of the United States, Alexander Hamilton. So, so this was the, my presentation. And for this, I was accused that I'm not good enough for them. Well, you were prevented. I mean, your democracy was shut down. But if you're against war and against debt, you had to know that those are the two issues that really matter to the globalists.


War and debt. They're in favor of both. So were you surprised when you were accused of being a Russian agent and kicked out of Romanian politics? You know, they cannot, how I can say it's impossible to change so fast, you know? So I can tell you what they did. It's, it's not surprise for me. They're not destroying the democracy. They're destroying lives. And it's not about democracy, it's about setting people free.


This is very important to know. And this show to us, one thing that democracy we have, we have not democracy because it's impossible to, to find so many things today and to realize that In fact, where we had the democracy, it's not anymore. We, In fact, we have not, in 35 years, we have no democracy. You know What, what role did us Secretary of State Anthony Blinken play in Romanian politics.


So everybody knows that was a foreign intervention and particularly from from Secretary of State Blinken, that he intervene in the elections and simply dictate what the system have to do. And we, it's absolutely, you know, everybody knows about this situation, including of course, president Macron and Maya sand from Moldova as well. They intervene. But the most important was Secretary of State blinker.


What did he do and say that affected your election and Romanian politics? Well simply was they an intervention? They don't very clear, they don't need the free Romania to be mentioned that the largest military base of NATO is, is in Romania, probably you know about that. Yes. And of course they want to, to, to launch the World War III from Romania.


And with this situation, of course they can involve all Europe and also United States. So these, they have interest, they have interest in war. What, what do you mean they want to launch World War III from Romania? Because lemme tell you, how is a situation, it's a key gateway which can, can, can cancel, can protect the humanity to go in the war or can go to the war. Why? Because it's the largest boundary which Romania has is Ukraine. We discuss about 380 miles only for Romania.


In compare Poland has almost 330 miles. And Hungary around 80 miles geographically is very important as well. So the largest boundary, again for Ukraine is Romania. And in this situation, of course, Romania is the asset for European Union. And for Macron, in order to launch the war strategically is important.


So number one is the most important strategical point. Romania number two is a security framework for the Black Sea. Number three is a region influence, regional influence for ance, for a black sea. And also it's a leverage for economic and for energy situation. And they know about that, they know very well about that. They want to turn NATO on an offensive force. And they know very well that NATO is defensive organization.


And this was my point all the time. First of all, I said, it's not our war. We have nothing to do. The national interest is Diplomatic negotiation and we can be a peace mediator Romania. And they don't like that building. They wanna, of course they want to cover many things, which even today we don't know exactly what, but they want to, they pushing, they pushing for war.


And of course my position was exactly against them, was totally contrary that. So the most important is that the people are, are behind me. And all the Romanian people, of course they, the almost the majority of Romanian people, of course they have this position against any intervention and any participation for war. They know my position. And of course for this reason, they cancel immediately any way for me in order to arrive to candidates for presidents.


Even that today I have, even now, when me and you are talking, we have this interview. I have more than 50% of the voters are from my side.


We hope you're ready because Hall's next prayer challenge has arrived. It's a very good one. Beginning on April 13th, which is Palm Sunday, join biblical scholar Jeff Cavins and our friend Jonathan Rumi for a prayer experience, unlike any you've had, it's called a seven Day Holy Week in the Holy Land Challenge. Holy Week in the Holy Land. It's an immersive video prayer series. You walk the sights of Christ's passion, death and resurrection is if you are really there, it's an amazing way to embrace Easter Week. It'll be going on in my house and we recommend it to you too. Jonathan Ruey plays Jesus in the show, that chosen experience the holy land for the very first time as part of this project. And the timing is perfect to see prepares to film the crucifixion scenes for the show. It's gonna be amazing. So Center for Hallows Prayer Challenge to experience the Sea of Galilee journey into Jerusalem, stand at the foot of the cross, visit the tomb and much more. This is a chance to go deeper into Christ's suffering, his passion journey with him in actual sites where all of these events unfolded. Download Hallow for three months free at Hallow dot com slash tucker. You'll be grateful that you did.


We are What is your next move? Are you worried that these same forces will try and put you in jail, in prison? Well, was a subject that I was arrested in traffic for almost six hours. I have almost three or four files, but you know, we, we don't give up.


And I'm sure one point that if United States particularly wants an s not a vessel, an Elliot very strong, they have to support the Patriots part from Romania, ands bureaucrats. So we are sure that in one day everything can be turned today or tomorrow it'll happen. You know, Romania right now is the most important country in the world is Alpha and Omega for a new era of peace, of dignity, of love, prosperity.


And I'm saying this because it's a boundary between bad and good. And this boundary have to be close because if we close this door for war does mean peace. If we open the, this key gate, as I said in the beginning, it's a war. And we don't have to have this, I mean, my opinion is that this war is a shame of humanity. Yes. And it's, there is not any rational human justification for endorsing war doesn't exist.


So what they don't like is if Romania breaks free will follow other countries understanding. Yes. So this, they don't, they don't need will be a a, a domino's full. Okay? And this terrifies them, that one country, particularly Romania, to be free. But This is our values, which I, we want to share. This is our flag, which want to share with United States and also with other countries. Peace, democracy, and freedom.


We don't give up. This is our values and we have to go straight to that. Even the situation looks now complicate in one day can be changed because we have been in our lands since time immemorial. So we are here from the early beginning of the history and all our history is playing by heroes, by kings devoted to the country and to the land.


Romanian people is, is a brave people. It's a great people. And we discuss also that exactly like Maga make America great again. We said, make Romania great again. Yes, because we're strongly belief in our power. We're strongly believe in us. We a strongly belief that This is our land, which we did receive from brussel or from other people, from other Countries. We receive from God with his power of love. We trust in God we setting on, on energy resources.


We love our families. We believe in Christianity and in Christian families, we believe in our land. So we shall win sooner or later we shall win. Of course, it's a matter of time. And I can understand again that you cannot change the system in one hour. My narrative exactly was this, during the campaign. I don't want to change the people, I want to change the system. Yes. And for this, they are afraid about me and afraid about the people which are behind me.


So I recognize only one important partner United States, particularly in the moment when we have this administration, Trump events. And President Trump is our guarantee that he can solve the situation in Europe. He can can solve the situation as peace everywhere. Because you know, I can tell you that President Trump is not only a leader in the United States. He's a leader in the world because a real leader, a leader In fact save lives don't send people to death.


And if we know that, and if we believe on that, we have strongly believe on that we should succeed sooner or later. For this reason, I said that Romania is the most important country in the world. And I know very all what I'm saying because it's exactly the key gates to close the door or to open the door, to open the, the war, to close the war or to open the war. So we can play a key role in a diplomatic negotiation, particularly in the moment when the communication is strong and the communication is really strong between President Trump and President Putin.


This we know very well if the communication is strong, we shall be, we shall find a way in order to arrive for peace because everybody will need peace. And it's incredible that in a, in a term millennium, to have such a situation which demonstrate to all of us, to the humanity that we lost the most important piece of power receiving from God for the human being. Love of course you have to negotiate everything very clearly.


But more than that you have to understand the humanity from us. And here we're today, we have to understand by our consciousness, the humanity from us and to don't lose the humanity from


us. Now we're sure you've heard plenty of those free phone promises from America's biggest wireless carriers. If those deals sound too good to be true, it's probably because they are very often too good to be true. They come with layers of fine print requiring you to sign up for four lines plus activation fees plus, plus plus this, that the other thing, you don't even understand what you're signing up for. And by the time you're done, you've paid for that free phone three x. It was a pretty expensive free phone. It's kind of a scam. Honestly. Our wireless company is called Pure Talk and it's got a much better and much more straightforward offer. And it comes to no strings whatsoever attached with a qualifying plan of just 35 bucks a month, you get legitimately the brand new Samsung Galaxy A 26 for free. It's actually free. There aren't hidden costs. You're not signing up the rest of your life or promising to name your kid after them or something from virtually indestructible gorilla glass to next generation camera lenses. The phone has basically everything that you want. All you need to do is switch to pure talk, 35 bucks a month for unlimited talk text and 15 gigs of data with mobile hotspot. All on America's most dependable 5G network. Go to pure talk.com/talker to claim your free Samsung Galaxy with qualifying plan when you switch to pure talk wireless by Americans. For Americans,


you Asked me how did they kill democracy. Let me give you one example. So we are facing a serious violation of, of basic human rights, including political persecutions because our supporters and the supporters, particularly my candidacy, including vulnerable people like pensioners, like single mothers, like young families, they have been abusively fined with thousand euros and subjected to home rise by economic or military units just based on posted on social media.


And I want to tell you that one pensioner in Romania receive around 200, $300 per month And they receive a fine 1000, $2,000 just because they post on the social media, you know, sentence to support freedom, to support democracy, to support myself and In fact to support peace. So freedom speech today it's under attack, under serious attack and severely restricted.


And this is not good at all, including media, very important people There Are block it on the social media for any sentence. They want to, to say a recent government emergency ordinance bans electoral content on the social media unless the candidates for this campaign registered and be careful political party members, you know, so with other words, doesn't take this freedom of speech in Romania anymore.


No. Moreover, the Romanian lives abroad. They also have been abusively restricted. They had three days of voting period. And this was suddenly cut by just few hours limited by Romanian hours voting only. So the system tried to control everything exactly like You remember very well in, in this plant.


Pandia, COVID, which they want to control us beside any other things. Also, they want to control the vote. And in the end I can tell you that the most important is that we expose with this situation is corruption. You, you asked me how I can feel, how is the situation? I feel good because we expose the corruption after so many years. We expose, we expose them. The dramatically situation where we are that In fact we have not any more democracy because it's impossible. Even that was a foreign interference or other interference by whatever, because I said I was based on voluntary support in my campaign, but even was interference how You can destroy the democracy in, you know, in few weeks.


This does mean that we have not democracy anymore. And here we are. Moreover, of course they, they don't like the position, the system or President Trump and general, the position of administration Trump events. And they are totally related with what European Union does right now. And you know very well that European Union establish globalism government with unelect people even is not elected person was just nominate.


So we have to fight globalist globally. I wish to mention globally, we, we cannot accept just islands of sovereignty In The ocean of globalist. We have to, to understand that we need a global network of sovereignty countries. So we have to be a union of countries, which we fight for sovereignty because the flag of peace, democracy and freedom which United States today has.


We have to keep also this flag and all the countries around us. And In fact all of us, we have to work and to fight for peace. Not just to stay, to wait a decision from someone. It's in our capacity to demonstrate that the human being has a power to fight for peace and for democracy. Otherwise, we are just slaves. You know, I was accused that I want to kick out Romania from European Union and from from nato.


So my answer also the time was a following. I like the alien. Only if they serve the nations not to enslave it. I wish to be very clear not to enslave it in this moment, we are just a client state. Just a client state. And this must end because we are not slaves. We are free people. And I, I said to you from the early beginning, I have a dream and my dream is freedom, dignity for the Romanian people.


For this we have to fight and we don't give up Because We know that it's in our power. And together with God, we can succeed because God is with us. And it's normal to be the situation because show us how wrong was the system and how many problems and how I can say violation of the human rights they did until today.


So it's, it's very important that the corruption was exposed and all the situation was exposed because we're living under a cartel of censorship. The law fair, they're using the law just for them. You understanding? Yes. Not for the people. Exactly. As President Trump had all these problems in the campaign, because censorship is a political police, a political persecution and legal abuse, which we, we are facing today.


It's, it's a situation which it's incredible to, to having a term millennial to have in the situation when we consider that we are in European Union, we are NATO members, you know, we are, we have a common understanding about what we have to do. No, this is not, And we have to change the system exactly as I propose to change the economic system. Exactly as I said about Hamilton presence and, and, and the ideology. Huh? We have to change all these things otherwise we remain just as slaves in our own country.


We have rich natural resources. We have to, to consider that we have to base on our natural resources, not on our not to debt because what they offer to us, they offer technocracy and debt. And I propose to Romanian people and to, to other countries freedom and dignity. This is my offer instead of technocracy and debt. If they prefer this, they prefer because they, they, they abuse all these people so many years.


And exactly as I said, they have fear of free country as Romania could be. Thank you. Thank you Mr. Escu. Thank you for spending this time and explaining yourself. And Godspeed. We wanna Thank you for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day. We know the people who run it, good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bell so you never miss an episode. We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter, telling the truth always. You will not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell. We appreciate it. Thanks for watching.