
Rusty Clark, an Army and Air Force veteran needed treatment at a VA hospital. Meet his wife Juanita. We Live above Morgantown, West Virginia. It would take us about seven hours to get here and I was prepared to sleep on the hospital floor beside of Mr. Clark. But the Fisher House opened up that door. We had a lovely suite to stay in. We had food to eat, we didn't have to worry about that because of Fisher House, the foundation. Mr. And Mrs. Fisher took care of all that years ago following their dream to make our reality that we were together and we could be treated here. It's a great blessing. Meet Rusty Out in the Army Guard. And then I went into the Air Force and then I met Juanita. Keeping families together when they need it most for active duty military wounded and veterans. Sick or injured fisher houses make a huge difference. Learn more@fisherhouse.org. That's fisher house.org Because of families. Love This good medicine.


You having a pretty good Democratic convention so far it's, it's awful. We found a way we think we can make it a little bit better or at least entertaining. So Thursday night, nine 30 eastern time, we are going live in real time to re react to Carmela Harris' primetime speech. Joining us will be Jason Whitlock, our old friend, one of the best at this set at this table to assess her speech as she gives it in real time. This is airing only at Tucker Carlson dot com and we highly recommend you join us. We invite you, in fact, in the meantime, here's our latest episode with Bethany Hamilton.


How do you deal with fear? Okay, so I deal with fear maybe more naturally and better than your average human, but I would say it's not like a really thoughtful process for me. It's truly just facing my fears and not letting my fears like overtake me so much that I get paralyzed. Yes. And so I think maybe since I, you know, when I lost my arm when I was 13 years old, I had such a deep passion for surfing that my decision to get back in the ocean was based off of like getting back to my passion and my love for riding waves and not just facing my fears, you know?


Right. I had like a deeper reason, like I just loved doing what I did and so I wanted to see if it was possible with one arm. So I truly just faced my fears and over time I think facing them over and over and over again, I eventually became less fearful of sharks, so to say. And it's funny, I've heard that sharks and motivational speaking are like people's two greatest fears. Yeah. And I, that's like the two things that I do. I surf with sharks in the ocean or I've like, you know, overcome my like incident with the shark and then I do motivational speaking, which I, I would say I didn't like that at first, but eventually I overcame that, like that dislike or that fear or that uncomfortability.


And I think so often in life we're, we naturally wanna like run from discomfort, you know, we wanna make things as easy and of course comfortable as possible. And so if You can learn to recognize that sometimes you can't do that and sometimes you have to like walk into uncomfortable, you know, I find that in like relationships for example, sometimes you have to have that uncomfortable conversations to make that relationship more beautiful. Yes. But a lot of us just wanna like avoid that instead. And the in the long run that just makes the relationship less beautiful and less meaningful and less filled with depth and then eventually that relationship may dissipate.


Absolutely. Right. That's a more subtle process of course. That's, it's sort of like, you know, getting diabetes doesn't happen all at once. It's like over time getting in the ocean to go surfing again is a very abrupt experience. Yeah. And I think for me, it wasn't like I was going out to like the Sharkies location, you know, Sharkies, when you're as a surfer, there's certain spots that you're like, Ooh, I got the heebie-jeebies here. Or you know, when you surf at sunset hour or if the water's a little more murky, you're like, ooh, this feels a little more like sketchy or more uncomfortable. So I started off in like the shallow clear blue waters and it, so my initial surf with one arm wasn't filled with a deep fear.


Like of course I was thinking of them. I mean it was so recent. I started surfing with one arm three and a half weeks after I lost my arm three And a half weeks. Yeah. Well that's, that's wild. I was on a mission. I basically went as soon as the doctor said I could and my, my healing was really fast because everything was really clean cut and I had a great surgeon and you know, I just had one of those cases that was, I would say a little easier than most. Yes. You know, trauma, traumatic limb loss. And so here I am less than four weeks later getting back on my board. And what did your Parents say?


I think my mom was scared that I wouldn't be able to do it. So she's trying to come up with new, you know, options. Like you could be a photographer or like we can go to, we can go to the mountain and snowboard. But my dad, I think he saw it and he was like, let's go. And he was like there with me trying to help me catch my first waves and I'm like, no doubt I got this on my own. And lo and behold I popped up on my third wave and rode it all the way to the beach and felt like one of the best waves in my life. Just tears of joy and just that sense of like, wow, I can do this.


Yeah. I, I surfed as a child. I don't, I don't see how just the paddling part, I don't see how you could do that. Yes, it's definitely I've adopted in my own unique way and thankfully I have one really strong arm so we make the most of what we got here. But yeah, my approach to our catching waves is different. Like a lot of times people will take like 10, 15 strokes whereas me, I'm trying to position as close to the takeoff as possible. Yes. So that I take one to three strokes to catch the wave. And so it's definitely different but I make it work. Wow. But your father didn't hesitate in bringing you back to the Ocean?


No, I think my dad just, he like both my parents were surfers so they get it, they get that love for the ocean, they get that need to like get back out there and yeah, you know, you could be fearful of sharks. I think that's like one of the number one questions I get. It's like why would you go back into the ocean? But for me, you know, it was my way of life. It was something I did every single day and Even those. I was young, I wanted to be the best in the world and I had the potential to be the best in the world at that age. Like very highly competitive. I was winning just about every event that I entered the summer before at 13 or 12.


I finished second in the national titles in the 18 and under division. So I was like kind of heading on that trajectory so to say of like she could be world champ and so on top of being competitive though, like competition aside, I could care less about a jersey at the end of the day like I just love being in the ocean and now fast forward, I'm a mom of four and I'm passing on my love to my children. It it, yeah, you don't, I'm just so struck when you just had breakfast to end your total lack of bitterness or self pity, which leads to optimism and joyfulness of course, but how, how long did that take to reach?


I am so grateful. You know, I have my mom was very encouraging to me in my childhood to know God and to have faith. And so I look at my 13-year-old self and really think like childlike faith. Like that's what Bethany had at that time and that helped me to overcome that season and to be grateful for life. Like I woke up thinking I could have died but I'm still here and I'm so grateful to be alive and Even those, my life felt upside down and my future felt uncertain and like it was obviously a really hard chaotic time but I had this piece that I believe only God can bring that Even those I didn't know what my future was gonna hold.


I trust that there's more for my life and I'm grateful to be alive and that gratitude really pushed me forward. I think like I didn't mope a lot, I didn't like sit and focus on like the negative of the situation and how awful it was. And I would even say too, like I did media really early on kind of willingly like as a little 13-year-old because I had a heart for other people and I wanted to encourage other people. And so I started surfing four weeks later and then people were like, oh my gosh, this little girl like learning how to surf with one arm right after she loses her arm to a shark. So people were just awe inspired. This is like before social media but my story truly went super viral.


I Remember and I would get letters from all different locks of life like inmates to like people all over the world, like little girls. Like if Bethany can surf with an an arm, I can overcome my challenge. And so I had a heart for other people and so I was willing to talk about my story and like share what I had went through and my desire to keep going and overcoming and, but I think talking about it really helped me to overcome the trauma traumatic side of it. Like just facing that traumatic incident and talking about it like now I think I can think about that exact moment and I don't feel like overwhelmed with sadness or anger or you know, it's just, it is what it is sort of a feeling And I think talking about it really helped that in itself.


But you, if I understood you correctly, you woke up the next day after losing your arm feeling grateful. Yes. That's wild. Yeah, I was in the hospital and I was just really grateful to be alive and I think the doctors painted the picture of like, hey, you lost over 60% of your blood, you could have died. Like it's a blessing that you're still here. But more importantly, I trusted that God had more for my life and that You certainly did. You Know, What did you think you were gonna do? Did you have any sense of what your life would look like At that point? Oh I had no clue. And I think that uncertainty felt really hard and I think a lot of people who faced traumatic situations, they wanna just get back to normal life.


So maybe that was part of my desire to get back into surfing was like let's just get back to normal life. Like I wanna be back in the ocean doing what I love being with my friends, you know? And so once I proved that I could do it, then there was no turning back. I started surfing all day or not all day but surfing every day again and just getting back to normal life. And it took time to adapt and adjust and figure out how to do things. And. there was definitely days where I'd be completely frustrated and crying and like the waves were just sending me back to the beach and just so frustrating. Like I think anyone who spends time in the ocean can know that like it's such a humbling place like oh yeah, no matter how strong or capable you are, it will humble you regardless and so Oh and it can hurt you at any time.


Yeah. And so doing it with one arm, I think that also gave me confidence to face the other challenges in my life. I'm like if I can surf with one arm, what else is possible with one arm and like all the other areas in my life? So it really set me on this trajectory to be willing to adapt and to just make the most of what I have and have caught. And so lo and behold little Bethany just adopting in every which way. Did you ever think you would have four children? I always really looked forward to being a mom and I think because my mom had so much fun with me and it was a parent that she loved being a mom and that she loved adventuring with me and my brothers that that showed.


And so I think that inspired me to wanna be a mom. And so yeah, fast forward being a mom is such a joy in my life and I always thought I would have three, but here we are, we have four. How'd that happen? It just Happened. Yeah, it was crazy. Like we got married and you know, typical like married couple, like let's wait five years before we have children. And then like about a year and a half later I got pregnant and I'm like okay, let's go Even those. I felt scared at that time. Like I think God's timing was perfect and I loved just basically bringing our little guy into our life and taking him along for the ride.


I, I was in a unique season in that I kind of quit competing and thankfully I did because that's when I met my husband and then we got married and he is like, Hey what else do you wanna do in surf? 'cause it's not like that's something You can do forever, so let's just like do a little more surfing and You can like check off all your goals and your dreams in surf. So we started traveling and filming my documentary Unstoppable and then I get pregnant, I'm like, oh my gosh, like I felt like my world was flipped upside down but I just ended up, we brought our little Tobias along for the ride with us and I had some of my greatest success in surfing in that season after having my first child and I finished my documentary and then And you Brought him with you?


Yeah, so my 1-year-old had like more passport stamps than like your average human and we did, I remember this one flight, it was 13 hours across the world to the Maldives and we did some shooting down there and, and then I'm like nursing him and about to paddle up for my heat in Fiji competing and we just made it work, You know, most young parents, well you know, I include myself in this, find it really hard to travel with little Kids. Oh my gosh. Like having babies on an airplane is not easy. And so, but we kind of just figured out how to make it work and I think because we immersed into that early on, you get your little tricks on the, on the road and you just become more adaptable I think.


Like I think routine's so good for children but we definitely had a lot of routine disrupt and we just had to like create our own routine on the road and yeah, it was really a lot of fun. I like look back on that season and I mean my season hasn't changed that much. We still travel quite a bit with all of our four four littles. Well I've noticed that they're all here. You're on the other side of the world from where you live and you brought all of your children and they're young. Your little one's one. Yep, my little one's one and then I got a 3-year-old, 6-year-old and 9-year-old. It's, it's interesting that you do that. What did you decide that you were just gonna stay a unit wherever you went?


Yes, I think we realized that we were just still traveling a lot and we actually were trying to create a business that would be sustainable within Hawaii and we actually ran into some business trouble so we had to like reconfigure how we did, did everything and we, it just ended up being that traveling for work. I do a lot of motivational speaking, which I absolutely love doing that. I love being able to be in encouragement and inspire people, but obviously traveling with a family of six is not ideal. Yeah. But I like the last thing I wanna do is leave them home. Like I would have inner angst and I just wouldn't, I know that it wouldn't work for me.


Like I would lose my mind and I know that my greatest God-given role is to be a mother and if I'm neglecting that role, like I won't be able to live at peace. And so just bringing them along is the way we've done, we're doing it right now and it's working and they're just blossoming as humans. Like it's really fun to see them growing in their own ways and yeah, just being, being along for the ride. I mean they must get closer to each other. Oh yeah, last night yesterday was rough. We were all super jet lagged. We had done a red eye and I'm like, at one point I'm like, go outside, like don't come back in until you're ready to be at peace.


So, you know, there's rough moments but for the most part they get along really well. I love that. And And you travel with your husband everywhere? Yes. So we're just family unit. My husband and I teamwork everything so he is kind of like behind the scenes making things happen and then I am showing up and doing a lot of like what we do and so yeah, it's really a unique life and I love doing it though with my husband and it's just like we're the ultimate team and then the littles are like our little minions along for the ride. It's just a completely different model of living from the one that most Americans certainly I grew up with where you know, the father or both parents sort of head out, you know, in the morning to their own totally separate spheres of work and then the kids go out to school their separate spheres and then possibly they all meet together for a meal at night and then they go to bed.


Yeah, it's definitely different. And I think what made me more open to this life that we've chosen to live was I homeschooled from seventh grade on and we you You grew up being homeschooled. Yeah, I grew up being homeschooled myself. So my mom kept me home from seventh grade on, I did elementary school and then I stayed home after that. And it was primarily like, there was a few different reasons our local public school was super bad, we couldn't afford private and I was also like really highly competitive. I was already starting to travel for surf and so my parents decided to keep me home and save that drive.


Time to our school is really far away. It's like 45 minute drive, hour, hour one way. So two hours just driving to school. And so we just decided to stay home and my parents just kinda let me run with things and then I started surfing with one arm and even competing with one arm. And that started less than a year later after losing my arm. And so two summers later I win a national title and then I started competing in the World Qualifying series. So just like the biggest league in surf to be a professional. And so I started traveling international around 16, 17, 18.


I'm like traveling around the world already. So just being able to finish school while I'm traveling and have that flexibility was really just made it possible. You know, some of my peers did finish normal school and then they started competing. So there's different ways about it either way You can be highly competitive, you just have to work with what you got, you know. But I feel like traveling and surfing taught me more than, you know, school did. And so it just made me a savvier human. It made me like understand the world more. You know, I saw a lot of different cultures and you know, I had to build my own independence really young and it just, you know, I blossomed a little younger I would say than most people.


I haven't always been proud of the companies that have advertised on shows I've had over the years, but now that we have our own company, we decided well we're only gonna take ads from people we like and agree with and admire. So it is with actual pride that we announce partnership with Bass Pro shops, you know, Bass Pro shops, You can get everything you need for hunting, fishing, enjoying the outdoors at Bass Pro. And we do. What you might not know is if for over 50 years, Bass Pro has been a leader in conservation efforts throughout the continent. Bass Pro is led by our friend Johnny Morris. He's the visionary founder, visionary is not too strong by the way of that company. And he's put conservation at the core of their mission from the very first day. And by conservation we're not talking about some weird theoretical climate scheme. We're talking about preserving the natural landscape, preserving the land, the natural resources that we inherited created by God. So for the last decade, Bass Pro has average giving back more than 10% of their earnings to conservation and advancing their mission. A critical mission of introducing people to the outdoors, getting them away from screens into God's great nature, advocating for the rights of sportsmen and conserving wildlife and habitat, which is essential if you hunter fish, you know. So customers were invited to round up their purchases in store and online to support Bass Pro shops and Cabela's Outdoor Fund, which gets invested directly with conservation projects and organizations in the communities they serve. It's all real. So rounding up that little bit of pocket change adds up over time, particularly with a big company like Bass Pro. And it makes a big difference. So stop into your nearest Bass, Pro shops or Cabela's to gear up for all your outdoor pursuits, hunting, fishing, being outside. And while you're there we recommend rounding up for conservation.


Hey, it's Kimberly Fletcher here from Moms for America with some very exciting news. Tucker Carlson is going on a nationwide tour this fall and Moms for America has the exclusive VIP meet and greet experience for you. Before each show, You can have the opportunity to meet Tucker Carlson in person. These tickets are fully tax deductible donations. So go to Moms for America, us and get one of our very limited VIP meet and greet experiences with Tucker at any of the 15 cities on his first ever coast to coast tour. Not only will you be supporting Moms for America in our mission to empower moms, promote liberty and raise patriots. Your tax deductible donation secures UA full VIP experience with priority entrance and check-in premium gold seeding in the first five rows. Access to a pre-show cocktail reception, an individual meet and greet and photo with America's most famous conservative and our friend Tucker Carlson. Visit Moms for america.us today for more information and to secure your exclusive VIP meet and greet tickets. See you on the tour.


Hey guys, Josh Hammer here, the host of America on trial with Josh Hammer, A podcast for the first podcast network. Look, there are a lot of shows out there that are explaining the political news cycle, what's happening on the hill to this, to that there are no other shows that are cutting straight to the point when it comes to the unprecedented lawfare debilitating and affecting the 2024 presidential election. We do all of that every single day right here on marathon trial with Josh Hammer. Subscribe and download your episodes wherever you get your podcast. It's America on Trial with Josh Hammer.


What did you, I mean, what'd that do to your relationship with your mom? Did you get along with her when she was homeschooled? Yeah, you know, I think like most teenagers we got along but there was like a little sandpaper too. Yeah, she did the best she could and in hindsight I look back and I'm like, you know, I had some teenage vibes going on, but for the most part those were Inevitable. Yeah, I think for the most part we had a really awesome relationship and my parents would take turns traveling with me. So you know, we lived in Hawaii, price of living is really high and they were just barely scraping by it. But they still gave me so much to support. And you lived on an outer island Too? Yeah, we lived on the outer island too, so we're always in our island hopping.


And then once we started traveling more internationally, it was just a lot on them. But thankfully like I was surfing so well and I had, I started supporting myself around age 16 financially, so I was traveling under my own dollar at that point. But my parents would come along for the ride with me sometimes and think sometimes they're pitching in. But yeah, it just kind of started young for me. What a different childhood. Yes, very different. And I think too, being a professional athlete, you learn diligence and ownership over your life. You have to push yourself, you have to be self-motivated.


You have to, you know, really work hard at your sport and nobody else is gonna do it for you. And so I learned that really young and that has served me in so many different ways throughout my life. Are you gonna homeschool your children? Yeah. So we're in the early stage of Homeschooling and it's a beast. Is it? I think it's, but I also think we make it more of a beast than we need to be. And Can you just, I mean I think a lot of people, well certainly my age, whose kids are grown, you know, sort of think well probably should have done that, didn't even really think about it. Should have done it. Yeah. But now with, you know, the sort of obvious evil going on Yeah.


In government schools and private schools, I think a lot of people would like to homeschool. I mean the, But how hard is it? What is it? What is it exactly? The rate of homeschool has grown by like millions and millions of more Americans. Homeschooling. And so what's really cool is there is a lot of resources and tools and information to make it more possible. And I think a lot of people get overwhelmed at the thought of home school because you think of traditional school, which is seven hours a day, but a lot of that time is wasted time that isn't actually learning or educating. And so taking the model and changing it to be less than two hours a day and chances are they're learning more than they would in a school day.


Plus they're Wait less than two hours a day. Yes. Yeah. You don't need a whole lot of time to accomplish a lot of your educating in each day. And so Then why are we sending kids to school all day? I, I mean that's a big question, right? Yeah. It's, You know, I, I think it's primarily the financial system. You, you bring it back to the financial system and it is a lot harder to survive on one income. Now fast forward in this day and age, it's, it's a, you know, my parents made it work and that my mom was working and so there was a little pass back and forth or I would go stay with my friend if my mom was working a night shift.


And so I just remember like, what did she do? She just worked the restaurant industry. Both my parents were in the restaurant industry, so they were very like simple life, like not a high income, just barely getting by. But they did show that You can homeschool on a lower income. Yes. And still do a whole lot. And so I think seeing them worked hard was really inspiring for me because I just saw them dedicate a lot to me, but also work really hard. And I think a lot of people are overwhelmed at the thought of homeschool because you know, parenting in itself is pretty hard.


Yeah, it is. But I wonder why it's become so hard for us. Like for me, I've had to unpack a lot of like my habits or you know, things that I'm not necessarily proud of. Like, you know, I had a season where I was really like short tempered and like I had to work through some health things to get onto the other side of that and like support myself to better mother my children. And I look back on that season and I hate that version of myself like Emmy, I'm forgiving of her, but I'm like, why was I like how Bad was she? I was just like really? Like, you know, I think women tend to be more emotional and, And they're hard on themselves.


That's Frustrat. Yeah. And I look back on that season and I realize that it was more than just being a woman. Like I wasn't being supported nutritionally. Like my sleep was really bad and like there was a few other things going on where I was like just high stress and I was very like easily angered and I had to really like work on my nutrition and my lifestyle habits. Like I stopped watching TV at night, like sometimes, you know, I would wanna just like wind down and I stopped doing that and I would just focus on getting to bed sooner, making sure I'm eating enough in the day, getting enough protein and carbs throughout the day and just making some health shifts that really like changed who I was.


Like I'm way more patient now. I'm way more like I can hold the needs of my children and their emotions because children are more like, they're not as emotionally stable and I really think that we help them stabilize by how we are. Yes. You know, and a lot of people are just struggling to remain calm when their child's having a full blown tantrum. It's like the parent is having a tantrum with the child. Yes. But we need to do the opposite. We need to like hold steady while they're having their tantrum and like help them work through that. And so yeah, mothering Hass taught me a lot and has challenged me in ways that no other role in life has challenged me.


And, but I'm so grateful for that because it's sharpened me. It's mean me, you know, really have to dig deeper and like work through my issues and work through my challenges that were some, some of them were probably learned too. Like my mom's, my parents are amazing, but I still like had some learned habits that weren't great that I needed to like unlearn and like reform and currently still working through some of them. But you know, for the most part I can look back on this season that wasn't so good and I'm so grateful that I was willing to adapt and challenge myself and look for help and educate myself and dive into health and like be an advocate for myself because at the end of the day, nobody else was gonna do that for me.


And fast forward even to like the influence I have on my household and like helping my husband to be healthy and helping him to take ownership in that area as like the leader of our household. And now I'm like just the alignment that we have as a family, as a married couple, like continually working through the different little challenges along the way. We're a unit and as him and and I as the like leaders we're leading our children And I think that, you know, we look through some of the challenges we've had along the way and our children are watching this and we're literally their role models and we're shaping this next generation.


And so there's a lot of weight that comes with that. And I feel like society has let go of that in a sense of like, we're just, we're going to school and we're going to sports and we're just trying to get by. It's exactly. And there's lack of intentionality in the household. And so I think I have a heart to not only work with teenagers specifically in America and help them to think through their future better, but now like seeing the influence that, you know, the family has in society, it's so important. And so going back to like the foundation of the family, husband and wife and what does that relationship look like and how can you, you know, work through your challenges together and overcome together so that you grow closer together as you go through life rather than growing apart.


And yeah, just seeing the way society is now and like the attack on the family and the attack on young people and their, their gender so to say. And like the way social media has a role in society, there's a lot that's not good and that we have to like think through and be intentional about. And so yeah. When You say there's a, you said there's a lack of inten of intentional behavior intentionality in the household. What do, what do you mean? I feel like kind of like what I would wanna word it is maybe it's just a passiveness, like we're just kind of being passive about things and we're letting things happen versus like choosing how we see things happen in the household.


We're just being passive and letting our children grow up, letting them see and learn whatever they can learn out in society. You know, children are given iPads and iPhones super young and they're instantly being like told a lot of different compelling things that aren't necessarily filled with truth. And so I think as a role as a mom and you know, my husband as a father, you know, we're thinking through that because our children are still young but our nine year old's gonna be a teenager in, you know, a few years and like life's gonna change. And so how can we be proactive and not just be passive in his life but really like mentor him and speak into his life and you know, help him find his career path so to say and help him to become a brave and leading young man even if his nature isn't necessarily a leader.


Actually our eldest is a natural leader, but I'm just saying like, we'll look at our other boys and maybe they won't be natural born leaders, but they're gonna have to lead at some point. Yes. And so equipping them to lead and like showing them the way more than just by example, but really like coming alongside of them and helping them find their way until they truly are ready to spread their wings and then letting 'em know that the phone is always there and like the arms are always open. So, So you said that of your, you've got three boys and one daughter. Your oldest son is a natural leader. He's the oldest, not surprised. Yeah. But that all your boys are gonna have to be leaders.


What did, what did you mean and how would you train them to be leaders? Yeah, you know, I just think of the God-given beauty of marriage and matrimony and that relationship and when done right, like the man is meant to be the leader. Yes. And I feel or I think that in society, you know, with the current culture, especially in America, a lot of that's been flipped upside down and disregarded and it's not serving society in my Opinion. Yeah. How is that working? Flipping that upside down?


Like just the woman is maybe, maybe she's not overtly leading the household, but maybe she's manipulating the household or maybe she's living in the same household but doing her own thing and it's just kind of like two separate lives together. But like she's doing her own thing and not really necessarily following a lead. Or maybe it's simply that the husband isn't leading and he is being passive. Yes. And that is affecting the household in ways that maybe the husband and wife don't really realize and it's harmful and It doesn't serve the household and it's hard to recognize it at first, but at some point it will backfire.


And I think that's partially why there's so many broken marriages now, but there's so much we could impact there. Right. There's so much to society that is broken and lacking wholeness and you know, maybe the husband isn't being faithful or maybe the wife is being, you know, reacting in a way that's pushing him away. And there's just so much to unpack, you know, I'm not like a marriage expert and I, you know, I don't know. I think You've identified the big ones though. Yeah. I think you've actually, it sounds like you are a marriage expert 'cause you, you've just described well, You know, The many varieties of dysfunction in a household, I think in a, the passive husband is a much more common thing than it used to be.


Yeah. And it's hard because a lot of like what we know is what we've been taught or what we've, you know, learned from our own parents. And so you could hardly blame the husband for, for being that way. They maybe never had someone come alongside of them and truly show them the way in a healthy way. And or simply having conversations that are intentional around this area. Like, hey, like these are things you're gonna need to do as like the leader of your household. Like just simple conversations that are never held. Like If you were to give that advice to one of your boys, what would you say? Oh, I mean from a mother's perspective is just knowing that like, hey, like you need to provide for your wife mentally, emotionally, and physically.


And what that looks like is this, this, this, and this. And if she's reacting in certain ways, it's likely that you're not providing in one of those, one of those key points. And so being willing to problem solve as like a husband and you know, to be honest, like it's because I've felt this in my own marriage and having to work through that with my husband and rather than like letting the, the the, rather than letting like the darkness tear us apart and pull us apart, like our faith has grown us closer. We've had to work through some of our issues. Yes. And just seeing him grow as the leader of our household has been really beautiful and I'm just so grateful.


But I felt like the before and after. So are you saying maybe make it more general? So Yeah, I definitely make it more general, but, But it, you know what you're talking about. Yeah. Do you think that a woman should encourage, explicitly encourage her husband to be a leader? A better leader? I think, I mean, yes for sure we should be encouraging. Like that is our role is to be encouraging and cheer on and support and you know, be supportive but also to allow that to happen. And sometimes you have to let go of things to, but I also like, there's a lot of conversation that comes with that and like talking about it and working through it and it's, it's hard because this is such like a deep, deep issue and, But it's the core issue.


Yeah. And I also, If a husband and wife can't get along, then how does society continue Actually No, for sure. And that's why I talked, like when I started opened up this little can of worms, I was like talking about it from the perspective of like society, why is there so much brokenness in society? Yes. We've lost our problem solving abilities and instead of like, you know, having those deep meaningful conversations that are essential over time, not having those conversations, then they just break apart. Okay. So let's be specific. You've got four kids, I have four kids so I know, I know what it's like to have, you know, nine through one and what it really is is just kind of chaotic.


Yeah. There's just a lot going on. A lot of people with immediate needs that must be met. A lot of filth that must be cleaned. Yes. Et cetera, et cetera. A lot of noise. Hard to have conversations with Totally. Your spouse under those circumstance where you're living in. So how do you have a conversation like that's that heavy and that important when you've got all these other demands? Yeah, it, it's super hard and that's why like I talked, I always bring up my health journey. It's not like I went super deep in on that, but realizing that I needed the energy, you know, throughout the whole day. Not half of the day the whole day until I make it to my bed at bedtime. Yeah.


I need the energy to serve my family well. And so I'm very passionate about health because I recognize that like the common meme is like, but first coffee, but first like I need some me time to like survive this chaos. But we're really not as resilient as we should be because our health isn't being supported in the way that it needs to be to be the best mother, to be the best wife, to be the best daughter in life. And so first supporting yourself so that You can overcome the hardship that comes your way. And so for me, like, you know, I'm not watching Netflix or TV or anything at bedtime, I'm going to bed or I'm right what is, or I'm having a conversation with my husband.


So it's like the relationship and my health first before any entertainment and trying to Did You feel like, just to pause on this for a second, 'cause I think it's a, it's a big thing particularly for busy people, people with little kids, it's like alright the second they go to bed, I'm just gonna zone out in my own world. Yeah. With Netflix or whatever. Why? Why is that bad? Well, You know, why did you stop doing it? I stopped because I felt like I needed to stop for my own like survival. Survival. Like, like you know, I do try to find, you know, a 20, 30 minute sometimes hour and a half window for myself in the day, which that looks like surfing orating a little movement or going on a walk or laying in my bed praying or doing something just by myself for a quick minute.


But there's like so much time that is wasted, whether it's scrolling on social media or watching tv, it's a very consumeristic and I want to create and I want to build and make beautiful. And to me consuming doesn't allow for that as much. You know, when I'm consuming I am essentially not creating. And so I knew it would be worth asking you that question because that's a wonderful answer. When I'm consuming, I'm not creating. Yes. And so for me, you know, we always wanna justify our actions every now and then, I like to sit down and watch alone and it's usually with my husband and sometimes with my children.


Like that's the one TV show we watch lately in the last year. But otherwise I'm not consuming and you know, I am on social media but I try to like keep tabs on that and not let it like overtake my life. I have it typically I have it on a separate device. Lately I haven't, 'cause I broke my old device phone but I, I had to move it off my main phone device because I was like needed to control that time so to say spent like not randomly scrolling when I didn't necessarily want to, you know, kind of putting some boundary or reflex putting because yeah it became like a easy reflex to like kill time and space And so I, I moved it to a separate device and that was a game changer for me really.


I know not everyone can just have a separate extra device, but if You can and if it is stealing that much of your time then maybe it's worth investing that extra little chunk if you aren't willing to give it up. But yeah. Anyway. So


If you're old enough to remember when the internet started, you remember the promises that accompanied it. This was gonna make everything easier. This was gonna spark innovation and this was above all going to bring freedom to the world. So back when using a search engine wasn't some big tech mind control operation that was true. You'd have to take out your credit card every time you wanted to read a newspaper article. You weren't bombarded by popups and cheap foreign ads of some kind. Those days are long gone. Unfortunately many of us go online knowing the truth. You're being watched, you're being recorded, you're being tracked, you're being manipulated at all times. It's depressing as hell but you can't get around it 'cause you need the internet to live right now. Your internet service provider can probably see your entire browsing history. It's none of their business but they can see it. And thanks to our public servants in the US Congress, they can even sell that public information to the highest bidder, your private information being sold. And by the way, governments can buy it and they do. And who knows what they plan to do with that information. Big tech companies or governments are own or foreign governments. That's all bad. And that's why here at TCN we get around it, we avoid it, we protect ourselves from it. With express VPN Express VPN is a virtual private network that reroutes a hundred percent of our online activity through secure encrypted servers. And that shields what we are doing online from the prying our eyes of our internet service provider and third parties, big companies and governments. 'cause we believe in privacy 'cause it's a prerequisite for Freedom Express. VPN hides our IP address. That's the number that can personally identify you on the internet. And that means that data brokers cannot track us. It's simple. It takes one tap to connect and express. VPN works on every device you've got your phone, tablet, television, desktop, You can even have express VPN up to eight devices at once running on all of them. And that's more than enough to protect everybody in your household. So if you want online privacy back and who wouldn't want that or cheap get express VPN You can use our special link to get three extra months. If express VPN for free, it's express vpn.com/tucker express ex PRSS vpn.com/tucker.


So it sounds like you are, when you said households are not intentional in the way that they make decisions live. Yeah. It's almost like we're more reactive to life rather than proactive. So reacting to what comes our way and just kind of reacting to the time and just doing what we have to do to kind of get by versus like planning and being proactive and saying no to certain things and saying, you know, like choosing what comes in the household and how we use our time and how we converse with one another. And you know, I think of like the marriage as the foundation of the household and so being proactive to, in that relationship and like really working for that rather than letting time kinda turn it into this passive relationship.


Yes. That eventually fizzles out because we weren't proactive in it. And so yeah, it'd be fun if Adam was here. He could speak to that in his own sense. And I, I am grateful to God for him every single day and we've had our own journey of like growing and learning and becoming more proactive and like working through our challenges. One thing I'm struck by is you, your, you keep coming back to time how you spend time and when you said that Homeschooling can be done, a child can be educated to at least the standard of a public school in two hours. And then you said, but for most parents, just like send your kids to school, take 'em to sports.


There's like a whole kind of program that families sign up for that they have no control over at all. Yeah. That may or may not be good for their children and they just react to it. But you're instead figuring out how to spend, you know, the other 22 hours in the day with your kids. That's, that's a big change from the way most people live. Yeah, it is a big change and I, I think it's because, you know, I was like the last generation to not have social media for most of my childhood. So I remember I got an Instagram about when I was 15 and I had this season where I was highly addicted to it.


I would with be with all my friends and I would like randomly start scrolling and then I would try to show them stuff and they're like, we're having fun together. Like, we don't need that. And so I was this last generation to like, I grew up diving into the ocean and swimming with turtles and going surfing and playing kick the can in the yard and filming little movies on a camcorder that were like gory. And we'd put ketchup on my left arm and like we were truly children like filming horror movies in our backyard because it was hilarious and funny and like just being really creative. And now I look at this generation and you'll be driving and you'll see kids on the side of the road hunched over looking at devices waiting for their school bus.


Like not full of life, like not full of joy and beauty and passion and creativity, but rather being sent into this society realm that is just passive. It's being entertained, it's being consumeristic. It's just lacking this beauty in life that I really like. I look back on my childhood and I love my childhood. You know, I did grow up with amazing parents that, you know, they, they devoted a lot of time To me. It's just because you're famous for being attacked by a shark and losing your arm in your childhood and yeah.


How was your childhood the best It was? Well That's just, it's, yeah, It was so amazing and you know, the, the loss of the arm was just like a little speed bump in the road. Like I continued to have like an amazing childhood after I lost my arm. And so now I'm looking at this generation it Feels like you really mean that. Yeah. I do mean that I loved my childhood even the, the hardship that I faced. Like it created me to be an overcomer, to be an adapter, to be someone who has to work through a challenge in a healthy way. And I did figure that out. I would say for the most part, you know, there's always things we have to unpack at some point or another.


But yeah. And now being fast forward being a mom and I'm like looking at this generation and it's just so vastly different. I will say like I did watch my, I would leave my house at like eight in the morning to go surf. My brothers were gamers so I would leave the house and like go do a bunch of different things and then I would come back like eight hours later and like my brothers hadn't left their spot on the couch. And that also had a huge impact on me. I was like, what are you guys doing? You literally haven't left the couch for like eight hours straight. And I hated seeing that. I think being like a nature lover and someone who like grew up in nature and like found my creativity in waves.


Granted both my brothers were great ocean men as well. They were like really talented on waves. So it wasn't like they were so stuck to the gaming that they didn't go surf. But I saw this like side that I just didn't like and I was like, there's no way I am allowing that in my household as I grew up or as I'm raising my children because I want them to be creating and you know, I want them to just be super healthy. I think too, like I have like a unique perspective of like being an a former professional athlete, really having to push it physically and mentally and like knowing that I had to support that nutritionally and just through various avenues of health, I now bring that into my household and I'm like, if there's one area in your life as a parent to not be passive, it's like, well actually I don't think I can narrow it down to one thing, but it's like your faith and health.


Like at least give your children those two things. 'cause otherwise society will eat them up and there's so much junk out there that will like take Over. Okay, well let's, I'm, first of all, I feel like a consumerist slug listening to you. I've never played a video game, but I have wasted a lot of my life now that I'm thinking and I think of it and I'm sorry that I have, but let's just stop with those two things. The two things you said You can give a child or four children or faith and health. So let's just start with faith. How do you do that? Well, I guess you have to go on the journey yourself. Yeah. First you have to be able to know what you believe.


You know, my parents encourage me to know God at a young age in the Christian vape. And I mentioned earlier after I lost my arm, I had a piece that I believe only God could have brought, like through that season Even, those, it felt chaotic and upside down and like the most unimaginable Yeah. Happened to me. And I'm a very rare human to have that su circumstance. But even in the chaos, I had a sense of peace that God was with me and he was not gonna leave my side. And I don't think that he ever did. Like the way I worked through that season was so beautiful and so full of a confidence that I believe only God could have brought.


And I'm thankful that, you know, my mom and dad weren't perfect, but they were there for me. And my mom would read the Psalms and proverbs in particular because it's very inviting. I like the proverbs because it unpacks the wisdom of God. Like there's 31 proverbs, y'all could read one proverbs a day and it would be less than five minutes of your day. Could you take five minutes of your day to like read God's word? I think so. And they're amazing and they, even if you don't believe in God, an atheist could read the proverbs. Oh my gosh, gosh, anyone And Come away improved. Yes, be blessed by the proverbs. But the proverbs in Psalms was like one thing that my mom did read with me, she would read that and pray with me at bedtime.


And that was such a blessing. And I think that's helped sprout my own faith, my own childlike faith that eventually grew into its own as I grew into an adult and now I want to give my children that so that if they have something like a shark attack in their life, they're gonna be able to work through that with or without mama. Like they'll be able to survive the challenges of this world. They'll be able to see through the lies that are being spoken on a daily basis in our society. They'll be able to see through the lies that aren't gonna serve them in their life. And I believe that that's in God's word, first and foremost.


And so for me, it looks like praying with my children at bedtime and throughout the day and it's reading the Bible and it's encouraging them in their faith and talking through philosophical ideas that at the end of the day You can look to God's word and know what is truth. And so I forget your original question, but how do you, oh yeah, yeah. How do you do That in part faith and health? Yeah. And, and then too, just like praying for my children because at the end of the day, it's not me who does their faith. It's God. Yeah. God will gift you that faith. He will speak into your life. And so to me the most important thing is to read God's word because that is the thing that will sharpen 'em and speak into their life.


And it's ultimately, the Lord says that that is his word. And when we hear his word, that can work and move in our hearts and minds. And so, and then when it comes to health, like just living out healthy, healthy lifestyle, teaching them what is good and what is not good, my children know that like we're not eating red dye five because it's not good for us. So they're choosing not to do that at six and nine already. And they know like we still have treats. So it's not like they're so deprived that like they're like Oh my gosh, I need the red D five because I have this opportunity to have it. Red dye five, pardon my ignorance, what's red dye five?


You Know the red dye that they put in food but it's not really like food and it's like highly toxic. Oh you need to deep dive that Tucker. Come on, get your Ator. I dunno if I wanna know. It sounds bad though, But like if you go into the grocery stores now, like majority of the grocery store is not even things we should be consuming. And I know a lot of people are like, well that's expensive. You know, to a certain extent it is gonna take a little more investment to bring real food into your house. But when you educate yourselves and start to understand why it becomes an easier decision and there's a lot of things You can do that are more affordable to just eat real food.


Basically What do you serve your kids? And that's the cool thing is I'm the one with the wallet. So I get to bring what is in the house, my husband and I of course and he does half of the grocery shopping. Whoever just is out there picking up the food. Most money in every household is spent by the woman. Yeah. She makes those decisions. Yes, yes, yes, yes. So you know, I'm the one that's choosing what comes into the house. So it's easy to make the household healthy because I'm not gonna buy the junk that doesn't serve them and their health in the long run. So for example, for breakfast we'll have crepes pancakes, waffles or like egg toast and I'm like blending it in the blender and I'm putting the ingredients in there and it's all wholesome ingredients and like lots of good eggs.


Eggs are such a great way to start your day. My children are fairly like mentally stable and I think it's 'cause we eat really good. Like we eat clean healthy foods and they're not like, you know, very rollercoaster in their mental stability. Right. And so I'm seeing it play out in real time like wow there are really healthy children are because Their sugar levels aren't spiking and crashing. Yeah. Eight times a day and, and then you know, it's not even that we don't eat sugar, we're just making sure we're getting enough protein to, to balance out that glucose. So as long as you're balancing out your diet, you're gonna be okay if you have a little treat here, And there.


But there are a few things we avoid like red D fives, artificial ingredients, seed oils, a few other things that just aren't really like real foods. And so we just keep it wholesome and real. We eat a lot of your like normal meals but just the healthy version of it and none of the junk process and like you know, we'll stop shop at like Costco for example 'cause that's like the, one of the only grocery stores we have on our island and 90% of what's in there we're not bringing home. So we're choosing to find the good stuff that is wholesome and real. But No lucky charms for Mountain Dew.


No we might have a little root beer here, And there. But Interesting.


So all of us have a long mental list, all the things that you should be doing but you keep putting off, folding your laundry, going to the gym, stop eating Oreos, doing the dishes, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Shopping for life insurance probably shouldn't be on that list but it is for a lot of people. 'cause it's hard and it takes a lot of time but all of a sudden it's not hard and it doesn't take much time at all. And we give the thanks to policy genius, it's made it fast and simple. So we're living in a world that's getting much more complicated by the day and planning ahead to take care of your loved ones if something were to happen to you makes a lot of sense. Suddenly it's obvious to people I should probably have life insurance. Why not? Well why not? 'cause it's hard and expensive but what if it weren't? Then you'd do it because you wanna make sure the people who depend on you are provided for, you'd want them to inherit your debts for example. That won't do much for your memory. So with PolicyGenius, You can find life insurance policies to start at just 292 bucks per year for a million dollars of coverage. Some options even offer same-day approval and you don't have to go through endless medical exams to get them. PolicyGenius lets you compare quotes from America's top insurers in just a few clicks to find the lowest price. Then they're expert licensed experts, expert experts and they are experts. Help you answer questions, handle the paperwork, and make informed decisions about what you wanna buy. So don't put it off, you don't have to go to policygenius.com/tucker to get your free life insurance quotes and see how much you could save. That once again is PolicyGenius one word.com/tucker.


And then what's your view on kids being outside? Oh I mean we have a really unique life growing up in Hawaii. They're in nature all the time. And I will say if you're struggling in your parenting, it's probably 'cause you just need to get in nature more. Like any day I feel kind of stressed or overwhelmed in Motherhood. I'm like, we're going to the beach, we're going to nature, we're getting outta the house and into like just this place where they can be creative and just be grounded again, you know? And so I've found that like I definitely thrive as a mother in nature. So trying to like find those thriving locations so that we can thrive in life.


How much contact do you have with your larger family? Yes, I mean we have such a beautiful setup. My parents, they live on the same property as us and my, both my older brothers live within a 10 minute drive. And so I got all my niece and nephews, how many my brothers, how many? We have about 12 or 13 grandkids now, my parents. And so it's just like, And they all live next to each other. Yeah, we're all like within 10 minute drive of each other. So it's really easy to get together and like help each other, raise each other's children. And my mom is a super grandma. She's so supportive and like is truly there for us. And like I'm, you know, if I'm having a rough season in Motherhood, which they come and go, you know, yeah.


It's just part of life. I'm like, my mom's there and she is giving me advice and I am asking her for advice and I'm like, how do I get through this mom? Or on the rare occasion please take the children before I lose my mind. Which isn't very often because I have a great relationship with my children and I am healthy. So it's not, not like I need that all the time, but it is just a blessing to have that. So just for perspective, because you're famous I, people might think, well you know that You can live that way when you're really rich. But having just been in Hawaii recently, I was reminded it's I think the most expensive state. It's one of the hardest places to live.


And it doesn't sound like your family's rich. No, I mean right. We make decent money and we are a unique situation, but I grew up with five of my best friends from childhood, born and raised in Hawaii. They're now married and have children and almost all of them are Homeschooling and they're living a normal, very normal life. And they're getting by and they're choosing to live a lifestyle that is different, but they aren't anyone, you know, unique or out there. So that's Kind of what I'm saying. It's achievable then It, it You can choose to live a certain lifestyle, you know?


And I think the common thing in America too is like we wanna live above our means. So figuring out what is your means and are you living within your means and what adaptations can you make so that you could make your dreams come true if you have certain dreams so to say. And if you choose to not go down that route, at least being intentional with the time that you do have your, with your children. So when they come home from school, having that energy and that mental capability to be intentional, to give them eye contact, to give them that quality time. I feel like specifically from junior high to high school, it's like the most pivotal years besides obviously childhood's pretty pivotal and their worldviews are pretty formed very young.


But there's these pivotal years where parents get very little time with their children because they're in school, they're in sports, then they come home and they have homework and random chores maybe. And the parents barely get that time with their children. And so obviously my children aren't in those years, but I'm thinking about those years and how I'm gonna approach it. And I don't want it to be mundane or unintentional. Like I want my husband to have quality time with his son so that his sons have a good grasp on the world and what they're getting themselves into as they become adults, you know?


And so What do you think they're getting themselves into as they become adults? No, really. I mean you've got three boys and yeah, I mean there's a lot out there but I, I hope that they'll like, you know, find a wife pretty young and be good leaders of their household and I wanna encourage 'em and like help them find their way so that they can afford to be a husband and a provider. So working with them to like figure out what their talents are and like what sort of work they could do to survive and not just survive but thrive And to say no to the temptations of the world and to respect women and to you know, choose a life that is honorable and just, and not just go with the flow of like what society is currently at.


And I think as a male in particular, there's a lot of temptation around women and pornography and none of that really serves society. It's become so normalized. You know, you look, you know, I grew up in Hawaii and like it's the most uncovered area of the world. Like people are literally walking around and and close to nothing on a regular basis. And, but I feel like now young men in particular, it's like there's social media and it's just, there's so many dark holes they can get caught up in. And even gaming, like I am really against gaming. I haven't even really talked about that publicly, but there's no way I am bringing that into my household because I want my boys creating, becoming like building up their skills in life.


Like I want them to have, you know, mentor under a plumber, electrician like mechanic have these basic skills so that they're not completely helpless when they, you know, start living on their own. Like just basic life skills that instead they could be gaming and where is that gonna get them? And then when they have to start living a real life and they run into challenge, what are they gonna do? Are they gonna problem solve or are they gonna just go zone out in gaming? There's a lot of husbands that aren't showing up because they're busy gaming or pornography. And so equipping our boys to say no and to say yes to the good and beautiful things that they could be doing in life and to learn how to provide and serve and protect.


You've got such an interesting way of presenting what you think so you have a very gentle affect and calm and laid back. But what you're saying is like really radical as compared to, I mean I think every word you've said is true just for the record, but it's so different. It's so different. You live on an outer island in the farthest away state outta 50 in a pretty rural state I think. So maybe you don't know how radical or you're say do you have a sense of how different how you live is from how many other people live? I mean I've started to realize that in raising children of like trying to find good friends for my children and just like some of the boundaries that we are setting on behalf of our children and trying to like, you know, what, who can they play with?


What households are good for them to be in? And it's it, I think it's gonna get even harder in the teenage years. So It sounds like you think you have the right to make those decisions as a parent. Oh a hundred percent. Like I think that if I didn't lead guide and protect them like nobody else will. Yes. No, I mean I couldn't agree more And and and don't we have an understanding that the brain isn't fully developed till 25? Yes. For males, I think it is somewhere mid thirties for males somewhere around there. So why would you like hold back protecting them and helping serve and guide and lead them in a healthy direction?


I think of myself as super healthy and so of course I'm gonna like help lead and guide them along the way and not like just let them hopefully float out there and figure it out. But that is kind of the strategy for many people. But even to the extent of like, hey you're invited to question me son. Like question what I'm saying. Question what your auntie or uncle is saying, ask questions and don't be so passive that everything mama and dad says is, you know, the end all sale. So to the extent of like yes you respect your mother and father but you're still allowed to ask questions and have your own opinion.


But you know, I do see it in my 9-year-old how much he looks up to his dad and me and how he's willing to like he knows that when mama says like don't eat red dye five, it's 'cause she loves him and she's protecting him from eating these neurotoxins that will give him a DHD and he doesn't have that currently so we don't want him to get that. But he could have it if he keeps eating those over and over and over again. And so he trusts me in that. I explained why I'm not just like, Nope, you can't have that. I explained why he can't have that and why I don't want him and you know what if he ate it once or twice a year, I'm not making a huge deal out of it.


I'm just like hey, like we're not bringing that into our household at least How are you gonna navigate marijuana? Oh I mean for me it was actually a really easy one to navigate as a teenager because I think like the way my mom might have talked about it and then even in the public school was like I was highly athletic driven and so I could see that it was a common theme that people lost their drive in life with marijuana in particular. And then even I've had a mother-daughter mentorship program and one of our calls is focused on drugs and the coolest thing is we'll show the girls the brain without marijuana and alcohol and the brain with, and they look very different.


Like it's very noticeable how healthier. Like we had a brain specialist kind of explain the differences and you could see it with your own eye And. so that was really cool to me as an adult who's chosen not to like do marijuana or anything like that, but just talking about it from a perspective of health. So that's why, you know, I said earlier like encouraging your children and faith and understanding health is so important and talking about, like I talk about hey you know, if you go through a challenging season in your life, do you wanna go to alcohol or do you wanna go to God? Like what's gonna be your strength?


What's gonna serve you and your family? Is alcohol gonna serve your family or is God like what's gonna lead you forward and help you to overcome and adopt and persevere through the challenges that will inevitably come your way? Certainly not alcohol and drugs, which a lot of society is going to that because we essentially aren't happy with our life or we're looking for an outlet that numbs some of the pain. And so, you know, working with our children to face their hardship and to work through their pain and to have a plan for when that comes.


If they don't have any of that prior to leaving the household, like having a good plan. Like what are you gonna do when you face hardship? Are you gonna go to these outlets or are you gonna come back to mom and dad or someone who's respectable in your life too? Help you work through it. 'cause there's certainly been seasons in my life where I'm like, why didn't I go to someone? Yeah. To help me through that. Well exactly. And I tried to navigate it by myself and it was, it sucked and it was hard and it was awful and I'm like, why didn't I ask for help? And I just like, that's not what I want for my children. I want them to go and ask someone for help whether it's me or not.


Like that's okay but I hope it's me and if it's not me, like they're gonna have a few other people in their life that I'm gonna be like, this would be a great person if you don't for some reason don't feel comfortable talking to me, go to this person and like have them spend time with that person in their late teen years so that they have a relationship that's you know, encouraging. Why do you think this is pretty common human experience? But people have problems that they could probably sort out quickly if they articulated them in front of somebody else but they don't. Why? Oh my gosh. I feel like there's a lot of reasons why.


And I think, you know, that's why earlier in our conversation I talked about working through some of my issues and Motherhood is because you know, I think sometimes we get closed in life or we, I aren't open to teaching or wisdom or you know, respecting our elders. It's almost like there's this untalked about level of being where and we have pride and we just think we can do it ourselves. And I feel like that's almost growing even more now with social media 'cause they're like oh I can just Google what to do.


Yeah. Rather than ask someone respectable in your life like hey, like do you think this is a good life decision? Like should I go down this route? So for me and don't know, I'm kind of going about this answer in a long way, but I'm now asking three different people for advice. If I have something that feels overwhelming or challenging, I'm being, I'm going to the three different people and trying to see if it will align for them. If their advice to me will align. Or you know, like just having someone respectable to speak into my life over challenging subjects that feel like I need help in this area.


So You're approaching your own life with humility. You're acknowledging that You don't I guess So You don know every answer to every Question. Yeah. And you know, if it feels like something really hard, just not being afraid to ask for help and you know, maybe there is this level of like that distancing in junior high and high school where like you're almost like separating from your parents too early. Yes. And then you go off to college and adult life and you're like, well I don't really have that relationship with my mom and dad so I'm not gonna ask them for help. Or we didn't work through some of our issues as in that relationship through the high school years.


And so there's not that level of like You can come to me like I'm here for you and I'll like accept you no matter what the challenge is. And so trying to keep that relationship open and just communicative so that when the real challenges come there is an openness and like they'll be willing to ask for help. And obviously there's different characters and you know, I can see already like trying to raise the different characters in my children. I'm like, they're very different and it's gonna require like some problem solving or adaptability to their different, you know, personality and character and so Yeah, genetics is real. Yeah.


Yeah. Kids are different. So you said you have a mentorship program where you're dealing with young people who are not your children. Yeah. What do you notice about them? What Yeah, so I've always just had a heart for teenage girls and maybe it's because of what I faced at such a young age. Like when I lost my arm I was 13 years old and it's such a pivotal season going into those teenage years. But then there was this one woman who would pick up my girlfriends and I and speak into our lives. She would mentored us and encouraged us in relationships in particular she like, like equipped us to enter into the dating realm and to look for a husband in a healthy way.


And this woman wasn't like super appealing so to say. Like I would say the fact that she like brought chocolates brought chocolate and like brought us to the beach was like the lure so to say. Yeah. But she was willing to just show up and like even if she wasn't like super cool, you know like as a teenager you're looking for those cool people of course to hang, hang out with. Of course she wasn't like super cool but she like spoken to her lives and she made the most of what she had and she made such an impact in my life. And so I just feel like I've been given a unique platform to speak in a young people's lives and I'm very passionate about like social media as well.


Like the big thing I've noticed is the girls who, you know, I'm working with girls between like nine to 18 and they're alongside of their mothers. But the girls who are highly active on social media like You can just tell right away like they dress more promiscuous, they're very aware of their being, you know, they're very like aware of just how they look and how they carry themselves and it's almost like they've got something to prove they're trying to be cool or like, you know, be accepted in a certain way. And I just, I really just noticed a vast difference in the girls that are active on social media and the girls that are not.


And you know, either way they're very lovable who's happier Definitely the girls that are not active on social media. Oh it's that have less issues. Yes they have a lot less issues and yeah it's definitely really interesting. And there have been extreme cases where we've had some girls who are really struggling in their life and their mom's like, we've already done everything, we've done counseling, we've done like drugs to try to like calm them down or like help them not be depressed and it's just not working. And so they're coming into this program like let's just like try it. You never know. And I think there's just something about the community element and like talking about the truth and the challenges of the world.


So we're talking about all these different topics, dating, drugs, conflict resolution, faith, all the different topics that I'm like naturally passionate about and even like health and stuff and like just trying to equip the girls. But at the end of the day, like the young girls might be really excited to see Bethany like as their mentor, but the goal is not me, it's their mom. So their mom's coming in and doing it with their daughter and it's about that mother-daughter relationship. 'cause I remind the girls, I'm like, Hey girls, like I'm not gonna be there for you when the going gets rough. But your mom is like, she's the one that will die for you and like do whatever it takes to be there for you in your tough seasons.


And so maybe you don't see eye to eye with her on everything and maybe you have a little sandpaper of a relationship but your mom loves you so much. And so it's just kind of about bringing back that family unit and making that be the focal point of the mentorship experience program. And so it's just been, yeah, it's really interesting though to unpack like the difference in the children who are being exposed a lot more and then the ones who are not. And to me it feels a little devastating 'cause I'm like, oh such a good childhood. Like you girls should be like adventuring in nature and filming like cute little like funny movies on a little camcorder.


And instead we got like TikTok dancing and like just like endless media scrolling and TV watching and you know, I, I don't wanna be so negative 'cause I know there's beautiful moments in everyone's lives but I just feel like there's so much more to be had when we're creating and being artistic and letting our strengths and talents be used and pursuing like the good and beautiful things in life and having like really open like loving relationships and quality time. And one thing I'm working with my children is like teaching them like I try to look in their eyes like I've met a lot of people and it's like we almost are losing eye contact.


Like something as simple as that. Like trying to look people in the eye and starting in your own household. Like once you start to be aware of it you're like whoa. Like they haven't looked me in the eye today. And so you have to bet like I have to lead my children to be able to look me in the eye and so like making sure I'm not so busy that I can't like slow down and like check them out and like give them that eye contact that they deserve and that like quality time. So one thing I love to do with my 6-year-old in particular and he is super sweet and but he has like this interesting personality that, you know, it feels a little harder to get through to. And so one thing I like to do with him is play rummy cards.


So he's only six and he's doing so amazing. Like he beats me all the time at Rummy and like he'll be like calculating how much points he has versus how much points I have throughout the game. And like this is like one way that I like to connect with him that is really sweet and there's nothing else going on. I mean obviously there's little sissy trying to steal the cards, but for the most part it's just him and me having this moment to nap. You're not checking Instagram during the games games? No, someone's set aside and it's just like him and I, my 6-year-old who actually can play cards really well and like he's doing math at the same time but he is like connecting with mom


A lot of bad things going on in the world that honestly not many of us can have an effect on rising crime, failing schools, a tanking economy. What can you do about that? Well, not a lot but You can get your own house in order and above all You can spend money with merchants, with companies that support your values that are making this a better country and not a worse country. But how do you find those companies? Well that's where Public Square comes in. Public Square actively curates the best products from America's small businesses to help families lead happier, healthier, more productive and connected lives. That means fewer errands to big box stores. Let's searching to find wholesome alternatives to the garbage being offered in our culture and more quality time spent with people you love most. If you wanna fix your country, you've gotta strengthen yourself and your home and you need to spend your dollars where they do good and not bad. Rebuilding America takes place one small change at a time with wise spending, supporting people who support your family, not funding people who hate you. So if you wanna do that, public square.com is the answer public square.com.


How Rare are your views where you live? I mean it's interesting. Yeah, I think it's fairly rare. You know like one thing for example like my children are looking out the window when we drive, so that's becoming more and more rare. Like children don't stare out the window, they don't have that moment to be bored. I'm like, I grew up staring out the window and looking out the clouds like and like looking for dead animals on the side of the road. You know like this is like the life I had. I'm like, you boys can do the same. I'm not giving them my phone to entertain them while we drive, even if they're being a little fussy or whiny. Like it's just not an option.


Like I don't allow that. And so we'll turn on stories, I'll let them pitch in. Sometimes they get to pick the music so like my 6-year-old either wants country music or he wants piano. That's his top two choices. And so I'll give them ownership sometimes like or take turns with sometimes we're listening to mama music, sometimes we're listening to baby music if the baby is fussing. And then sometimes we're listening to like classical piano or a story on the podcast audiobook. And so that's an example of like, yeah we're using technology but we're not like giving our phones to like shush our children so to say.


And it's interesting because it doesn't really ever cross my mind to need to like quiet my children with a device like because we just have things established and they're already, you know, doing their own Thing. How do you handle long flights? Oh we let 'em watch movies on long airplane rides and they're stoked and they're like getting their movie time but then like it makes 'em look forward to traveling and I feel okay with that 'cause it's like we're not consuming all the time and it's not like the 20th movie. They've watched this this week. Do your neighbor, so you said you had five friends from childhood who all kind of wound up living like you. Yeah, I mean, yeah very similar but we're all kind of scattered throughout the island.


Sometimes we'll meet up at the beach but we don't see each other as much as we'd like. But are do you stick out in your community? I think I do, but also I would say a lot of people in Hawaii are spending like we live to live, we don't work to live like we're all going to the beach as soon as we're not working. Everyone's like checking the surf forecast and scheduling their life around the surf forecast. I mean if they can sometimes like you gotta work when you gotta work. But I feel like people in Hawaii, my friend actually brought this up the other day, like we very much so live to live and we're going to like enjoy the sunset a lot and like, you know, get out in nature because it's so easy to access out there.


But there is also like I've seen people live in beautiful places and never go outside. Yeah, true. That's probably true. Yeah. So I don't know, I try not to like pay attention too much to what everyone else is doing. But you're not considered like a freak or people are nice to you at the grocery store? Yeah, No like it's very like low key. I mean I would say Hawaii has a lot of pocket of like, you know, people living outside of the box How Yeah, but you're, I mean how is Christianity viewed In the state? I feel like that's an interesting one and it feels like it's changing right now with like kind of this new world religion of like the pride lgbtq plus qua, whatever movement you, You, you, you, you said the acronym wrong and I'm glad.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. So anyways, but I feel like there's like this new surgeons of a new religion and it's almost like anti-religion. So it doesn't matter what your religion is, it's like against all the religion so to say, unless the religion tends to be a little more like, like relaxed so to say. It's definitely anti-Christian. And I think because it feels attacked by Christianity because there's moral ground in Christianity. Like the Bible says thou shall not lie, but then it has all the other 10 commandments and when you look at someone's life who maybe lives more in that fashion, they bring a lot less pain into the world.


You know, when you're lying, killing, stealing, like that's not good for the world. Yeah. And so like there's so much beauty within it but people are rejecting it because there's a few of the things like you should be faithful before you're even married. You should be faithful and LA society does not wanna be faithful And. so that is a, it's a, it feels unachievable and unapproachable because society is normalized being unfaithful and so people feel defensive when they feel like they are being told what to do. Yes. But yet someone who lives out a faithful life is such a blessing, right?


Yes, yes. They like, you know when you meet a married couple who've been married 50 years, you're like, that is incredible. Like that's so beautiful and they've been faithful and they've chosen to love and serve whoever they committed their life to their spouse. And that is such a blessing in society and it's likely that their children are more stable and healthy in society. And so I just get so stoked on that. Like I'm like when I meet the per couple that's been married 50 years, I'm like, give me advice, tell me like what should I do? Like how can I achieve what you've achieved? You know, And what do they say?


I mean the answers are very different but I'm just always willing to like ask them for advice. Yes. I can't think of any, any big ones, right? I can't think of any standoffs. Well if You can give advice, you haven't been married 50 years but you have a successful marriage. We're at 11 years and I would say the biggest thing in our relationship is truly the grace of God and looking to God to be the author and finisher of our faith to understand that like his grace is sufficient for me. And when I understand that, then I know his grace is sufficient for my husband.


And if God is sufficient for my husband, then that then leads me to be gracious on my husband and vice versa, him on me. And that is the foundation of a healthy marriage. And no matter what you're gonna go through and like how hard the seasons may be, you are gonna be able to work through it because your foundation is not in yourself and your ability to be the perfect husband or wife, but your foundation is in the ability to trust in God or not even the ability, but to allow God to work through your life. Yes. And. so that would be my number one advice. Well that's great advice. So you said that you see the rise of a global religion.


Are you ever confronted by people who believe in that religion? Yeah. I mean And how do you, how do you respond? Yeah, it's interesting because I've just been trying to unpack it, unpack it so I can better understand it. And it's being promoted under the lens, the lens of being loving, right? Right. To be loving towards all those people but to everyone around you regardless of their views. And so it's almost disregarding having an opinion or a worldview or you know, a belief system. It's like disregarding having any kind of like moral foundation and that you have to love and be accepting of whatever they wanna do regardless of how destructive it may be.


And so, you know, to me, like I think faithfulness is essential for a healthy society and yet people don't want to embrace that. They want to be free so to say and like do whatever they want with whoever they want at any point in time in their life. And what they don't understand is that that is painful in the long run to not have a relationship that is stable and faithful and enduring. Committed and enduring. That is hard and that is painful. And yet society just wants to promote that as if it's a good, like it's, you know, do whatever makes you happy in the moment.


And so I, the way I view it is like, to be unfaithful is not good. It's not healthy for a a, a strong society. It doesn't lead for you know, confident children when their parents are, you know, breaking apart and you know, maybe you have already, maybe you've already hit that point in life where you've split from your partner. It get became unbearable. It was painful and I wouldn't go so far as to say like God's grace is not sufficient for you. Like his grace can be sufficient for you no matter how awful things may be and he can work in your children's lives.


So I'm not like saying, you know, but I just think that if society can strive to be faithful, like that alone could flip society on its head to be more beautiful and more just full of life and passion and purpose and you know, I think most of society when they see a, a married couple who are in good relations with one another 50 years later, like everyone's celebrating like everyone's cheering that on and like in awe of that because it is hard and it is hard to make it that long I think.


And it's already seen to be, you know, you look at the, the divorce rates so to say and it's, it's super hard out there and people aren't making it very far. Yeah I think it's, that's probably harder than sticking together in the long run. Yes, totally. So tell me about brave books. So I feel like the last few years has been crazy starting with 2020, like I would say I was pretty passive when it came to like the world views so to say. Like I had my world views and I had things I wanted to live out in my own life, but I wasn't like hyper aware of like what's going on in society and then when like right, You I can't overstate, I've been to where you live so I know how far away you've lived.


Yeah. And so then 20 20, 20 21 hit and like all this craziness started happening and like You can kind of start to see through like what is actually going on here because I don't think it's as simple as a virus being, you know, Oh you don't just emerged from wet market organically and no. Yeah. So, so then you know, I just started to realize like, well who I partner with and where I put my money matters and as a professional athlete, like you're given all kinds of deals that you know could make you money, you know? Yeah. And, but they're not necessarily like good things.


No, you know, like for example, I've had a professional career in surfing and I never took a deal with an energy drink because I just don't believe in those. And that was an area where I drew the line because I didn't think it was healthy and it's not something I wanna promote to anyone, let alone children who look up to me. What if it was Mountain Dew Berry blast? No Mountain Dew berry blast either. Okay. Just what I'm, I'm trying to find your red lines. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You know, I do drink coffee so I might have promoted a little coffee drink here, And there. Yeah. I love coffee, You know, but I'm promoting smoothies and I'm promoting like finding your fuel and energy and food and taking care of yourself and like just living a healthy lifestyle.


But fast forward 2020 and all that chaos hits and I'm like, where, what are we promoting? And so I get this opportunity to, I get brave books emailing me and being like, Hey, do you wanna write a children's book with us? And I'm like, oh yeah, let's go. But this company is standing against a lot of the societal norms and they're trying to build the family. They're trying to build up children to have solid identities to say no to the lives of the world, to be aware of like the challenges that they're gonna face as they grow about life. And now I'm reading them to my children. I'm like, this is the rawest book ever to be able to read my children to sleep.


And When you say something for people not from Hawaii, when you say something that's the raddest book ever. That's good. Good epics. Yeah, solid. So like for example, one of my favorite brave books besides my own, I mean like I like my book, but I'm just not like that. But it's about this little boy who has to save his sister and he has to like go on this crazy journey to find this ice flower. And if he drips the little ice flower on her lips, she'll she'll survive the, the pokey that she stepped on that's gonna poison her. And so he's having to like basically become a man and like save his little sister and it's like the sweetest little story. And now my three-year-old's like I'm gonna go find an ice flower for my baby sister.


And it's like it's computing in his head. Like the life that he should live is to save the, the young woman in his life and to protect her and to, you know, face his fears on her behalf. And he goes on this like gnarly journey and he is crying at one point and it's just this rad little book. It's a, I think it was called The Son of Truth. No, no it wasn't The Son of Truth but that's another one that's really good too. But anyway, I'm like, my agent's like, Hey are you sure you wanna partner with this company? 'cause when all the big corporational sort of companies see you partnering with brave books, they're not likely gonna wanna partner with you as much anymore.


And I'm like, oh my gosh. It felt like I was like walking off a cliff and I think I kind of did walk off some sort of cliff but like it felt like a good one, A good cliff. Yeah. And and then like so I partnered with Brave Books, I wrote my book Surfing Past Fear, really sweet story, inspiring Children to overcome their fears and, and then about nine months later the World Surf League starts allowing males to compete in the female division. And I am the only one walking off that cliff saying no, like this is not okay and we're not about to allow males to compete against, I'm not about to have males competing against me willingly.


And that was a whole nother just step of faith in that someone's gotta say no And nobody else did. Literally, I don't think one female, maybe like a couple lesser known, like kind of like not very vocal girls. Like I think there was a lot of women not for it. But the unfortunate thing was the World Surf League had all the athletes say like, Hey you're not allowed to say anything deemed derogatory or negative towards the World Surf league or we will fine you and disqualify you from competing. So shut up and obey.


Yeah. And. so that was like the, the contract they had signed the December prior to that year and they literally get an email, they didn't even get a vocal warning like, hey males are now allowed to compete in the female division as long as their hormones reach this certain level. And they didn't even get a warning, they just get an email in the inbox and I'm like, oh no way. This is not okay and I am not for this. And I think I lost some major deals that year. I think I had had a deal on the table with Ford and that never happened. And I think it was around that time when I was like, nope, I'm not for this.


And I like made a public statement and And what kind of reaction did you get to that? I would say it was mostly positive like, but there was some gnarly negative intertwined, but I feel like most of the, I had people out of the woodworks like stopping me in our local grocery store like thank you so much for speaking up. Like we're so proud of you. But there was also some really aggressive like I have like this Shark gang on TikTok that like they're like we're on Team Shark. What? Yeah, some like crazies out there but you know what, whatever side of the spectrum you are, I feel like there's crazies in the mix of like either end, like there's just extremists that are hateful and harsh and will say gnarly things and, but it definitely was like an intense season and I probably let it like affect me more than I should though I didn't look too much.


I was like Hun You can look if you want but I'm not looking 'cause I need to go to sleep tonight. Good for you. Not looking is a, is a huge Step. I know sometimes you just have to not look and I've never looked Not a looker. Yeah, you're probably better off. Much better off. Yeah. And yeah, so anyway partnering with companies like Brave Books and now I'm partnered with Public Square like You can literally put your dollar where your values matter. And I think that really matters. Like there is a team of amazing people trying to build a parallel economy that isn't founded on these weird agendas and these Hate division death, which is What yeah just this gnarlies or this new world religion that they're trying to shove down children's throats to make them like more confused than ever.


And so Brave Books is inspiring families to speak into their children's lives early on so that they can go into society and not be confused, not be hateful on themselves and you know, reject their God-given beauties, but to embrace their God-given talents and the person that they've been formed to be. And I feel like this new world religion is like, oh just be whatever you want flow whatever direction you want. And like it really doesn't lead to happiness, it leads to despair and darkness And you know, You can even look at the statistics and know that you know, some of these people that are choosing to amputate their body parts are not healthy and they're regretting their decisions and they're taking hormones that essentially make them get disease earlier on in life than they should.


And I'm like we're cheering this on because they just feel like they wanna be different than they actually are. Like I have one arm, I would never wish that on anyone. Like why would you amputate perfectly good body parts just to look a certain way? Like it doesn't make sense to look and be a certain way and like to do such extreme measures. And yet society is like woo-hoo, let's go. Granted, I think after I spoke out against males in female sports, I think this majority of society is like nope this ain't okay. But they just might not be voicing their opinions. Did, Did the surf league change their position?


No. And I think ultimately they're trying to be accepted into the Olympic rules so they're following the Olympic rules. So the Olympics is choosing to allow males into female sports. Right. And so the World surf league is just following their lead so to say. So the Olympics is a joke. Yeah, I mean I would say the athletes are incredible and I like highly, I highly celebrate the athleticism of course and the hard work of these athletes. But the organization behind is definitely not serving the athletes to the best of its ability. And it's not looking at the realities of like a male competing against a female is just simply not fair and like should never be.


Okay. I couldn't agree more. So I wanted to end on something that we were talking about off camera that I thought was so cool and revealing. We're talking about social media and, and my daughters is a huge fan of yours. So she was showing me her social media last night. I don't actually have the app Instagram but she's showing me this. Yeah. So cool. And she was saying this woman has the most beautiful children I've I've ever seen. So we were talking about social media this morning and you were saying what you just said on camera, which is that you really notice it's effects on young women and but you've chosen to put your own children in some of your pictures and videos for a very specific reason that I want you to explain 'cause I thought it was just wonderful.


Yeah, I mean I've gone back and forth on like do I share my family life on social media or not? And I just from my perspective, like I want to inspire the next generation to embrace and look forward to Motherhood And. there are people that I follow that make me like just look forward to waking up to my children every day. They have a really positive outlook on Motherhood. They inspire me to be the best mothers mother I can be and they're not hiding their family life so to say. And so there is this like kind of balance that like a lot of people will just refuse to show family, but I really wanna inspire this next generation.


And I think like so many people have gotten so many messages of like, your family's so beautiful, like I wanna be a mom someday. And like that to me is like so encouraging and I just want people to know that Motherhood is a blessing and to be a mom is one of the greatest roles in life. And I feel like there's a big movement that is against that right now. Yes. And it's, you know, there's a lot of memeing around, ugh, I just can't wait to go to bed, can't wait to like silence the children. Like just kind of like frustrations over like Motherhood. And I wanna just encourage women to know that motherhood's such a blessing and that children are, you know, like that is the high of my day I go to bed and even if I had an amazing day aside from them, like they are my highlight, they're the thing that I'm thinking about when I go to bed and I'm like, oh my gosh, even on the rough days I'm like, there's always that sweet moment that I am like thinking about how my 3-year-old came and gave me a big hug and kiss when I gave, came back from surfing or something like that.


And he was the highlight of my two hour window. Like it wasn't the surfing by myself, it was like the coming home and getting a big hug and kiss from my 3-year-old. And so I'm hoping to inspire this next generation to know that Motherhood is such a gift and to look forward to that because it's such a blessing. I won't even ask why anyone would want to deny people the greatest pleasure in life. But I just commend you for reminding the rest of us that it is the greatest pleasure in life. It is. It's such a blessing. Bethany Hamilton. Thank you very much. Thanks for listening to The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made.


The complete library, Tucker Carlson Com.