
The, The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me. Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's S number one, Sportsbook two, one plus Impress in Virginia must be first online real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt Restrictions apply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Do you think that Christian persecution is on the rise? Oh, I know it is. It's, it's documented. 20th century was the worst century for Christian martyrs of Christian history all the previous centuries combined. It's the most persecuted religion. If two friends like each other, that's fine, but aerosol says that won't last That relationship. What makes it last is when the two friends together fall in love with a transcendent third. And now together we look to that. Now we really find a bond when the bride and groom together look to Christ. Now, they'll stay married. If they're just looking to each other, it'll founder the Catholic church got super liberal, and then all of a sudden, everywhere you look, people you know are converting the Catholicism with a pretty kind of traditionally Christian orientation.


This is How I would characterize ecclesial liberalism. A tendency to reduce the supernatural to the natural that was going on for a long time. Yes, in very recent years, there's been a keener interest in the supernatural dimension of, of the faith. I don't think I've ever received more texts about any guest than I did about you from Catholics.


I know from non-Catholics I know, but the Catholics all wanted to hear details on, you know, factions within the church. And I'm not gonna ask you any questions about that. Good. 'cause I don't understand any of it. Good. I Wanna start as broad as I possibly can, which is it seems like a lot of people in the West are unhappy and it's measurable. Suicide rates are Yep. At record highs and birth rates are at record lows. Yep. And those are not signs of confidence in the future. Those are signs of despair. Why? Why are people unhappy? Well, they've lost a sense of God. I mean, God is the supreme good. And when you lose that sense of God and you collapse back in on yourself that Saint Augustine, you define sin as CTOs and say, I'm caved in around myself.


When you do that, you are by definition unhappy. When you lose a sense of objective value, grounded in the supreme value of God, almost again, by definition you become unhappy. What does It mean to cave in on yourself? It means that you've lost a sense of connection to the values that should be calling you out of yourself in an act of love. And you've, you've now come to reverence your own freedom, your own autonomy. So what gives my life meaning is the fact that I've chosen something. I have determined my life. If the Bible has one message, it's that, that when you live your life that way, you get lost. When you deify your own psyche, your own ego, you get lost.


The, the joy of life comes from forgetting In this great ecstatic act, you forget about yourself and you lose yourself in some great value. Now, that could be sports, that could be politics, whatever it is. But then the supreme value in which all the other ones participate, we call God. God is the highest good. The sum bonum. That's why you love the Lord your God. That's the first commandment, right? But when the culture's lost, that which ours is in danger of you, by definition become unhappy, you get caved in around yourself and then you fuss around in this kind of addictive way. That's how I would diagnose the thing spiritually. When you are in love with the idea of choices, I thought the whole point of the west was choices.


Well, but you have to know what your choices for when you, you deify choice itself. When you say autonomy, that's my, that's my God. No choice is for some good. And the idea is to is to order freedom. Right? Freedom is not an end in itself. Freedom is ordered towards some good. When it's disordered, it tends to collapse in upon itself. That's what we got. The Whole point of America, I thought was choice and freedom for its own sake. Well, And I, I would argue it's not for its own sake. And, and if that happens to us, something's gone wrong. The founding fathers, you know, they weren't in the full sense of the term, it wouldn't have the full Catholic imagination as I would like it.


But they certainly had a sense of the objective. Good. And that the purpose of life is to find that good and be ordered toward it. An ordered freedom is what they're interested in. Not freedom for its own sake. What does Ordered mean? Ordered Freedom ordered toward the good. And that's why it has to be educated. Your freedom has to be disciplined and directed. It's like a kid with all kinds of athletic ability. But if a coach never directs that ability toward the achievement of some good, that he can become a great tennis player or a great golfer, then the freedom, it begins to kind of stew on itself. No direct freedom, direct talent, direct energy and our culture. See, it's like, I, I think of this.


If you have banks to a river, the river has energy. It's going somewhere. You knock down the banks, you say, oh, I don't wanna be limited. Don't, don't set limits to my freedom. It just floods the fields. What ha It just opens up in this big lazy lake and everyone's just sort of lying on their air mattresses Right now. I'll tolerate you, you tolerate me. I won't bother you. But then we're not getting anywhere. The, the point of the banks is not to restrict me, is to direct me. See towards some good. Well, religion has played that role for much of our history. And, and in the measure that religion gets marginalized and in the measure that we deify our autonomy, welcome to the unhappy world that many of the young people are living in. Sadly, Deify our autonomy.


So you're speaking as if autonomy and choice are the same thing or closely Related. Yeah. The my auto, see, the goal for the Bible is not autonomy. It's theon God. Theos becomes the normals. God becomes the law of my life. And see, here's the trick. When God becomes the norm of my life, I become more myself. I, I find who I really am. If I jettison God And I say, no autonomy, it's, I'm the leader of my own life. I get lost. Right? Must Jesus say the one who loses himself, you know, will find it. The the one who's, who's trying to hang onto himself is gonna lose it.


Lose your freedom in God's greater freedom. And you become now authentically free. That's every spiritual master in the West teaches that lesson. But we lose it in the measure that we say, no, it's all about my autonomy. That's all that matters. Don't tell me what to do. Throw off the rules, Right? Knock down the banks and the river becomes a, a lazy lake. And we tolerate each other blandly, but we don't have a common purpose. That's another problem. See if, if you reject objective value, So you got your values, I got my values, your freedom, my freedom. Well, what connects us? In fact, we're antagonistic to each other, right? Yeah. We tend to grow into hostility and my freedom's against your freedom. But if together we find a common good, a common goal, now we can join forces, right?


So it's, it's falling in love. That's Aristotle with the transcendent third. So like, if, if two friends like each other, that's fine. But aerosol says that won't last. That relationship. What makes it last is when the two friends together fall in love with a transcendent third the country or their, or philosophy or some great value. And now together we look to that. Now we really find a bond. Go back now to the 1950s and Fulton Sheen, the great Catholic preacher writes a book called Three to Get Married, made the same argument, right? The three are the bride that groom and Christ, when the bride and groom together look to Christ.


Now they'll stay married. If they're just looking into each other, it'll founder. What are the banks that we've demolished? Well, I would say objective value. You know, the, the life of the mind, the, the moral good, religious good aesthetic. Think of the good, the true, and the beautiful. If we subjectivist those and just relativize them, you got yours. I got mine. What you think is right, i, i, I think is wrong. When that's lost, the banks are knocked down. But when together, like, oh no, we, we can together reverence the beautiful, we can together reverence the moral good. We can together reverence the epistemological good, the, the intellectual good.


Then together we move someplace and see our whole system. Educationally was set up classically to do just that, was to train people in what these object activities are. But when you subjectify those, or you see it simply as part of an oppressive or patriarchal system, you know, why do we, why read Shakespeare? He's just an old patriarch. See? But that's a very dangerous game to play. Now we've lost a common mooring, and then we devolve into this sort of self-regarding autonomy. So, I mean, Christianity is probably not the, I don't think it's the only religion to make this point, but self is the trap. Yeah. Yeah.


It, So you think of the self here, the ego is like a black hole. A a black hole that will draw everything into itself, right? Sucks all of life and light and energy into itself. Nothing can escape. The CTOs in say, ego right, becomes a black hole. And I've known people like that. I'm sure you have too. Oh yeah. When you're with them, they, they'll draw everything into themselves. The best people are those who breathe life into a room. And that happens because they, they're not preoccupied with the ego. They're, they're captivated by some objective. Good. Yes. And they wanna show it to you. Think of, so like great coaches I had as a kid that wanted to show me the various games I learned to play baseball.


We had a coach when I was a little guy, seven, eight years old. And he said, all right guys, I want you to get down on your hands and knees on the field. I want you to feel the infield And I want you to, to smell the grass. You know? And it was, it was such a good move. He was trying to get us in. Yes. Look at this great game we're playing here. He also, practically, if you're playing shortstop, you can't be afraid of the ground. You gotta get down to the ground. You have to. Exactly. So, alright boys, get down there, you know, well, he was someone in love with baseball and then was communicating to us the same love. So together we'd fall in love with the transcendent third, which is baseball. That's gonna bring a team together, right? That's what great teachers and coaches and mentors and spiritual directors do.


They, they help people fall in love with the same values they fall in love with And fall in love with something bigger than themselves. You know, other people, nature God. And look at even that, let fall in love, right? You, you, you're not in control. You, you've let go of your own ego drama. I love that language from Hans or Van Baltazar, one of my favorite theologians from the last century. John Paul loved him and Benedict loved him. He talked about the ego drama, which is the drama that I'm starring in. I'm producing it, I'm directing it. Right? And you're all Actors in my play. Yes, you're all actors in my play. And I'm gonna take it on the road eventually somewhere else. Well, that's, that's a very boring thing.


What's exciting, he said was the Theo Drama, which is, you know, God's writing a drama. God's producing a drama, he's got a role for you, and he's trying to draw you into, into playing that role. And it might not be the role at all that you envisioned for yourself. Yes. So what? But he's calling you into it. That's gonna be an exciting life. A theo dramatic life. A theist life, not an autonomous life. Oh, That's, wow, that's vivid. So what's the daily practice for someone to move beyond himself? To get out of Lake Me, Fall in love with objective value, find mentors that can really help you enter that world. Like I've, in my own life, I've loved that. You know, I'm no great. I play the guitar poorly, but like, I love classical music.


And I had mentors early on that let me play you, you know, Beethoven's seventh Symphony. Lemme just play it for you and, and then talk about it. I remember the, the, the queen of the night aria, the famous Mozart aria with the woman is singing these impossibly high notes. I remember teachers, I listen, listen to this. Someone that would draw me into that world. Like my coach is drawing me into baseball. Now. Put it in religious context. Prayer. People that taught me how to pray when I was a young guy. I mean, okay, say my prayers. No, but prayer is a conscious exercise in overcoming autonomy, right? It's a conscious exercise to say, I want to get out of my preoccupations.


I'm placing myself in the presence of God. I'm using language of the Psalms and so on. I'm using song. I'm using silence. I'm using the rosary, whatever it is. All of it's designed to get me up out of myself and into the space of God. So prayer is a way, you know, to overcome. How Do you pray? You said you were taught to pray. So I was indeed very early on when I was about maybe my early twenties before I was a priest. But I got into the, what we call the liturgy of the hours in the Catholic church, which is this daily prayer at certain points during the day, imitating by the way, the seven times you pray in the Bible, you know, seven times a day you stop to pray. So the hours, psalms, canticles, biblical, like the Bible tells the Old Testament has the, the, and the passage is about seven times.


I, I stopped to pray. And so the early church imitated that in the rhythm of the monastic life, huh? And the liturgy of the hours would be kind of a monastic life for non monks people like, you know, you and me. But you use the psalms, the canals, the readings, the church fathers. And I was taught that prayer early on. And at times, you know, I found it tiresome or difficult to do. Now it's like, it's like water in the desert. When I was a young guy, we didn't pray the rosary, the rosary was seen as kind of something your grandmother did. My generation didn't spontaneously pray it. But then I learned it later in life. And that too is like a lifeline to me. What is the rosary? Well, it's this collection. I have it on me.


It's a collection of Hail Mary's, our father's glory bees in a, in a, you know, in a rope. And you count your way through the beads and it's a, takes about 20 or 25 minutes. It's a meditative prayer. As you're praying the Hail Marys, you're meditating upon the mysteries of Jesus' life and Mary's life. It doesn't get you anywhere. You start here and you end up exactly where you started. So it doesn't, it's not, it's not effective in that way. It's a meditative prayer. I prayed, I remember I was giving a retreat to the priest of Dublin many years ago. These were mostly older men, been through the wars, you know, most of them. And they invited me to come. They said, we're gonna pray the rosary tonight. And all these Irish guys anyways, hey, to marry Fred of grace, hated to marry front of grace.


Best hey, to marry Fred thought, what is going on? But what became clear to me was, well, it's like a mantra. They, they were, they were producing this kind of meditative mantra. They finished it in about seven minutes. You know, it takes usually 25. But that's hard. They don't pronounce all the sounds though in the No. They're kind of, see, think of it, the, the Buddhist talk about the, the calming of the monkey mind. That's the mind that's always leaping from branch to branch. The, the mind that gets you through the day. I gotta do this, gotta do that. But to really pray, you have to calm that mind down. You have to come on, come on. I, I, I can't be practiced with that. So the church has often use these means to do that, to calm that mind, to open up to a deeper consciousness or deeper awareness.


And prayer is that it seems to me, Thomas Merton said, prayer is finding the place in you, where you are here and now being created by God, which I think is a great definition of prayer. So Right now, you And I are being created by God, but we're rarely aware of it. We go through our day, you know, the monkey mind, and we're doing this and this. Yes. But at certain points you say, okay, now I'm gonna calm the monkey mind. I'm gonna open up a deeper door, you know, and I'm gonna commune with the God who's here and now creating me. That's prayer. And then there's all kinds of disciplines around that. So the people trying to wreck our civilization want you to be passive.


They want you weak so they can control you. Weakness is their goal. No thanks.


Our friends at Beam, a proud American company. Understand that our country can only be great if it's people are strong. And that's why they've created a new creatine product to help listeners like you stay mentally sharp and physically fit. People like to mock creatine. CN doesn't like creatine at all, but people buy it 'cause it works. Beam's, creatine can help you improve your strength, your brain health, your longevity. It's completely free of sugar and synthetic garbage. That's in almost everything else that you eat. Of course, you don't hear about it too much because again, a population that is strong, clear-minded, and physically capable is a threat to tyrants. That's why they want you playing video games. To celebrate American strength, actual American strength Beam is offering up to 30% off their bestselling creatine for the next 48 hours. Go to shop Beam dot com slash Tucker. Use the code Tucker at checkout. That's shop Beam BEA m.com/ Tucker. Use the code Tucker for up to 30% off. It's built on core values, integrity results. No BS Beam. We strongly recommend it.


You're probably pretty sick in Nike. It's hard to blame you for feeling that way. Any company that worships Colin Kaepernick, any company that shills for the lunacy of the left social agenda is clearly not on your side. In fact, they're your enemy. You need an alternative. XX XY Athletics is the far better choice. It's the only athletic brand committed to fighting, fighting for free speech. Women's sports and the truth, honesty the truth, they're not gonna lie to you. For example, did you know that 80% of Americans oppose letting men play in women's sports? That's not a radical view. It's a moderate, sensible view rooted in biology. The woke corporations like Nike make you feel like a lunatic for saying obvious things like men or men and women or women. That is tyranny. How can you fight back by abandoning the companies, promoting it? And by embracing companies like XX XY Athletics, it's an American company. It's not opposed to the United States or to telling the truth. Head to the truth fits.com to learn a lot more and use the code Tucker 25 for 25% off


Every day. Local businesses open their doors with more than just a plan. They bring persistence, ambition, and a vision for what's next. And America's banks bring the tools and strategic guidance to get there from storefronts on Main Street to warehouse floors. Businesses are leading the way with support from banks. Banks are providing what it takes for businesses to operate today and plan for tomorrow. Building opportunity, fueling economic growth paid for by united for a strong economy.


I think many people think of prayer as a list of requests. And, and that's okay. I mean, petitionary prayer is, is good. John Paul ii toward the end of his life, you know, he said, I know different types of prayer, but I found the longer I live that that all prayer is basically a petition. And there's something really right about that. That no matter how, you know, kind of high and and elevated, your prayer is at bottom. You're saying, you know, Lord Jesus Christ, have pity on me. Yes. Or, or Lord help me. I I find it as, as I pray. That's the phrase. Help me, help me Lord. That's fine. I have no problem with that. That's a very deep and powerful prayer. How do You keep your mind from wandering during prayer? Yeah. And, and read the, the masters.


They've recognized that forever. The Desert Fathers knew all about that distraction in prayer. And of course the devil loves that too. He loves to distract us in prayer. I the best advice someone like John of the cross, our greatest spiritual master would be acknowledge the distraction. Don't try to fight it, acknowledge it, and then go back and it comes again. Acknowledge it. I see you. And go back. Don't try to fight it or don't try techniques to avoid it completely. A distraction comes see it and then return, let go of it. I've noticed in the, in the past few years, people I know who are secular or have always been suddenly talking about the existence of evil in the world.


Yeah. I think it's very clear to non-religious people even that there's some kind of supernatural force of darkness. Like a foot in the world. I don't think you really need to make that case anymore. That that's real. How do you seek God in the world? 'cause if you spend your life, you know Yeah. Staring at evil, probably not productive. No. Well, the world is charged with a grandeur of God. That's Jared Manley Hopkins'. Great poem. And I think that's right. Is if you have the eyes to see and prayer disciplines, that prayer makes that possible. The world is charged with a grandeur of God, meaning everything that exists. Because being in good or convertible terms, that's something from Thomas Aquinas that I think you can Being and good or convertible terms Are convertible terms.


In other words, to be is to be good, period. Whatever is is good evil is, Aquinas would call it a provencio, a privation of the good. Evil is a is a a cavity, it's a lack. Right? But whatever is, is good. So for example, take the devil as an example. Is the devil good? Sure, of course. In the measure, the devil exists, has a mind, has a will. All that is good. What's evil about the devil is the corruption of mind and will and power, right? That's why like Satan and Dante, I'm, this is highest of angels full of goodness. God doesn't make anything that's not good, but it's become corrupt.


See? So the trick there is always to focus on, on the good 'cause. Being in good or convertible terms, whatever is, is good. Think of the, the mystics who talk about, you see like a little bug crawling across this table. That's an avenue toward God. 'cause if you look at this little tiny bug, let's say, but the more you look at it, I mean incredible complexity and richness and density of its being. And of course it speaks to you of the creator of all things that whose very nature is to be right. So all being reflects God. And if you have the eyes to see that's what the great saints have. They just, they see that all the time. We sinners tend to focus a lot on the lack, right? We focus on the cavity, not the tooth.


The idea is look at the tooth, always acknowledging the cavities. 'cause there are plenty of 'em. But, but the focus should be on being being good or convertible terms. I may be too shallow for Catholic theology, but I love what you're saying. Yeah. But that's as old as Being and good are convertible terms. Well the, they talk about the transcendental properties of being, which means wherever there's so there's glass, it's good, it's true. And it's beautiful. Now why is it good? Well, because it corresponds to the will in some ways. There's, you know, yeah, this, I wanna study this class. It's interesting. And, and look at the, the beauty of it. You know, it's true. 'cause it corresponds in its intelligibility to an inquiring mind. The mind wants to understand that thing.


What is that thing? It's beautiful because it's radiant. You know, it go back to like James Joyce, the famous scene, you know, in the, in the portrait of the artist, when he sees the woman, he eventually would, would marry nor barnacle. And he sees her out on the strand and he has this rapturous description of her, remember? And at the end of it, he says, oh, heavenly God. And, and that's the way it works, is the beautiful, this particular, this particular girl he sees out in the surf, but she speaks to him of God. So that's why whatever is is good. It's true. And it's beautiful. Those are all convertible terms. It seems like The threat, maybe the satanic threat is distraction.


Yeah, no, I think that's absolutely right. That we focus so much on the lack. It's like you're sucking on an aching tooth, you know, you're just, you're focused on the, on the lack. But see, you know, when say Paul says we're sin a bounds, grace abounds the more, and that's not just a, a nice, like, hallmark heart sentiment. That's a metaphysical truth. Wherever there's sin, sure sin everywhere. But grace is always greater. It has to be. 'cause sin is a, is a cavity. You know what? It's in Tolkien. Remember when the, what are they, the nozzles or these, these flying demons and they're threatening the battlefield and all this. But then when they finally conquer them, what they discover, they're nothing. They're a cloak that covers nothing. And it's 'cause evil is a type of non being.


And so it, it puts on a big show, it puts this big cloak over itself. But what it is, is just a lack. It's a cavity. That's why if sin is abounding, sure if sin abounds in our world, but grace abounds them more, you know, that's the gates of hell will not prevail against Earth. They can't, in a way they can't. And we should have that confidence. Christians should never be cowled by evil. Like, Oh My, we acknowledge it. But the, the Great Saints are cowled by evil. 'cause evil is a, is a lack. It's a cavity, it's a nozzle, it's a non being. Right? Where Do you see grace?


Bob Dylan is one of my great heroes. You know, look around this whole world and all that I'm finding is the saving grace that's over me. That's Bob Dylan after he became a Christian. You know, grace is, is being, grace is what's real Grace Tte glass, that's a, a line from Anos, the great French Catholic novelist. Gra, everything's grace. Everything's grace. Because of that principle. Whatever is is good, whatever is is true and beautiful, whatever is reflects the one whose name is to be right. When Moses ask God, what's your name? And God says, I am who I am. Right? Well, our tradition reads head as I'm, I'm not contingent scent being. I'm the one who's very nature is to be.


So therefore whatever is is reflective of of God, that's where you find grace. I think so if you Could distract people sufficient that they never had the time or the inclination to notice things that are real, you would trap them in a kind of hell Yeah. Yes. But see, but that's exactly what happens, isn't it dude? Now psychodynamically is, when we focus on all this kind of lack and anxiety and frustration within us, it is a kind of preoccupation with what's not real. That's true. Not that I'm not denying the psychological reality of suffering, but, but metaphysically speaking, evil is a type of non being.


And if I'm focused on that, that I'm gonna get myself in in not, well I Was thinking more of the iPhone, which when I use it, cuts me off completely from other people. Yeah. From, yeah. The world around me, from nature, from myself. Yes. No, no. And I believe me, I mean, we're all addicted to it. Those machines were designed to be addictive. They worked during Lent. This past lent, I did a, a resolution for the first time that one day a week I put the phone away And I did it. And it was a, a little bit of a struggle, but not terrible. And I thought that's, that's a good thing. When we bring our guys now into priesthood studies, we always call the propag year this year of kind of preparation before the formal study begins. And the thing that all the guys say they like best about it is they take their cell phones away.


So for the entire year, I think once a week you can check it for emergencies or something. Or someone's got access to it in case of emergency. But they take the phones away from the guys. Great move. And What happens to them, What happens? They all feel liberated. They all come back saying, it was the best year of my life. And I read books again, And I talked to people. I, I cultivated friendship, I played games, I played sports. You know, I mean, and it's exactly this principle. I wasn't, look, look at that's almost a, a illustration of Augustine's cortis and say that I'm caved in over my iPhone. Right? That's what it looks like. Do you think that that's driving some of the disassociation and agony that we see around us?


Yeah, it's not helping at all. I, Jean Twenge is the psychologist from San Diego that I read a lot, and she has a book called iGen, about the generation that came of age totally with the iPhones and iPads and stuff. And she said there's a direct correlation between screen time and depression, which I find perfectly plausible. Leonard Sachs, you know, the great psychologist, also a physician dealing with young people now for decades, same thing. He says, the correlation between screen time and look how unhealthy it's making our, our young kids, when I was a little kid, we were all skinny. We all were all my friends And I, 'cause we were outside from eight o'clock in the morning until eight o'clock at night in the summertime playing games, running around, shooting hoops on a bike.


You know? And way too many kids now are hunched over their iPhones. And, and then it invites you into such a world of, of meanness and competition. And look, my pictures better than yours. And those people have seem so much happier than I am. And no, I think taking those things outta the hands of our kids would be a, a great idea, at least to some degree. How do you force yourself to notice things beyond yourself? Like what is your actual discipline? Like, you wake up, how do you keep God ever present in mind and yourself at bay? Well, My first move is the Holy Hour. So I learned that from Fulton Sheen taught now a couple generations to do every day, an hour of uninterrupted prayer in the presence of the blessed of sacraments.


So I was a Catholic. I, I have the blessed sacrament in my house. So first thing I do in the morning, I get a cup of coffee And I go up to my chapel And I will sit in front of the blessed sacrament for an hour and I'll pray my office as part of it. Often pray the rosary or other things. Pardon me again? My ignorance. Yeah. What's your office? You pray? Your office? Yeah, that's the liturgy of the hours. Yeah, what I was describing earlier. Okay. So that, that psalms and canticles and readings that, that a priest, You read them as you pray Them. Yeah. So I'll have the book And I'll, I'll read the psalm then usually then spend some time meditating And I do the next one, you know, and then I might, let's say between the office of readings, which has to do with the church fathers. I read something from the church fathers and usually from the Bible, maybe between that and morning prayer, I'll do the rosary And I might do another form of prayer between morning prayer and midday prayer.


So I'll, I'll work my way through the office, the Lord of the hours. But my main task is to sit in the presence of the blessed sacrament. And one of the great lines, this goes back to what And what time is this in the morning? I wake up at five 30. So like between five 30 and six 30. Do you text like 11 people first before you do this? No, no, no, no. And I leave, I leave the phone in my bedroom. So I always leave the phone while I'm praying. I don't have that because that's immediate distraction. And that's the last thing you want when you're trying to pray in a concentrated way. Yes. And then, you know, some of that too is petitionary prayer. I'm a bishop, so people are always, you know, Hey Bishop, would you pray for me? Or am my son's having a hard time? And so I try to conjure as best I can, the memory of these various people that ask me to pray for them.


I'll pray for my, you know, parents and family members who've died and, you know, so it's just giving yourself the leisure. You have a full hour where you can bring all this before the Lord. But When you pray for someone who's died, what do you pray? I pray they might find peace and rest. I pray the Lord might be, might be kind and good to them. You know, I pray all the time for people who have died. 'cause it, you know, you're just, you're aware of it when you're in pastoral ministry. Yes. You know, some people who've died, you know, they're not formally canonized by the church, but I kind of an informal way, I think of them as being already in the presence of God. And I'll pray for their intercession. Cardinal George of Chicago, you know, was a great mentor to me.


And I, I'm often linked to him in prayer. Meaning you prayed for him, Prayed for him. But also, you know, I prayed to him not with the complete confidence. I would praying to his saying canonized by the church, church, but with a, a kind of, you know, practical confidence. And I, I knew him very well and I asked for his help. When you pray, do you hear back? Not in in the, you know, physical sense, but yeah, you get a, I'd say a sense, you have a sense of connection. I put it that way. Sometimes in prayer you get a very intense feeling. The Irish talk about thin places, you know, where the veil between Yes. This world next becomes very thin there.


I find there are kind of thin moments like that where there's a moment when you feel the other world impinging on yours. What kind of feeling is that? Peace? I would say, you know, harmony, the, the, the disharmony, the difficulty of this life kind of resolved into a higher harmony. Something like that. See, you know what's interesting to me, Tucker is the world that we're in looking around at this, you know, interesting, beautiful place Right now and good and the world of nature driving up here, seeing the nature around me. Beautiful, beautiful. But like is that it? Is, is that it?


To me, it seems so unlikely that the world that the sensorium of, of these advanced apes can take in is all there is to reality. What my little eyes can see, you know, they see a narrow range of the color spectrum. Yes. And that's it. I think that's so wildly unlikely. Just the, the fecundity and, and and variety of being that we experienced through, through our senses. I think beyond our senses there, there's a world of even more extraordinary fecundity and richness. And I think there are times when we sense it, we get in touch with it. Look, Plato knew that Plato knew.


He talked about stepping outta the cave, right? And the first step out of the cave, the cave is where the flickering shadows on the wall. It means the world of our ordinary experience. Yes, I'm here with you Right now. In a few hours I'll be gone somewhere else. And other images will be flickering past my sensorium. Okay? That's, that's what this life is like. But Plato thought the first step out of the cave was mathematics. It's very interesting 'cause when you, you understand two plus three equals five, that's, you've stepped out of this world in a very real way. I can see, oh, here are two things. But when you grasp the, the principle two plus three equals five, you're not in the world of ordinary experience anymore. You're in a world now of eternity, of immateriality.


A world that doesn't change, that can't change. Even in principle. Well there's nothing like that in this world. Well, Plato knew that when you grasp the quadratic equation or something, you're not dealing with a physical reality that has color or shape or size or nothing. That's, that's even cent or mutable. You've reached a higher plane of existence. Even mathematics does that to us, a for dire now philosophy. And then even more so, religion are opening you to higher and higher expressions of reality.


Here's a fact of life. You may not learn till you're older, but I'm gonna tell you now, it's very hard to have a good time if you're wearing bad boots. In fact, it may be impossible. And that's why you need Toko. As a matter of fact, you don't just need them. You owe them to yourself. Kovas makes Western boots for everybody. Ranchers, real ranchers, lifelong cowboys, first time boot buyers and anyone in between. Every kovas boot is handcrafted made by hand with over 200 meticulous steps for a broken in. Feel right out of the box. You don't have to compromise between looks and quality. You can have 'em both, whether it's a long day or a big night. Tecovas are built to last and impressed. You wouldn't believe the compliments people here get when they wear them out, which they do Right now. Get 10% off at Tecovas dot com slash Tucker when you sign up for email and text alerts. That's 10% off atva T-E-C-O-V-A s.com/ Tucker.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two-factor authentication, strong passwords and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% off terms apply.


So the people trying to wreck our civilization want you to be passive. They want you weak so they can control you. Weakness is their goal. No thanks. Our friends at Beam, a proud American company. Understand that our country can only be great if it's people are strong. And that's why they've created a new creatine product to help listeners like you stay mentally sharp and physically fit. People like to mock creatine. Cida doesn't like creatine at all, but people buy it 'cause it works. Beam's, creatine can help you improve your strength, your brain health, your longevity. It's completely free of sugar and synthetic garbage. That's in almost everything else that you eat. Of course you don't hear about it too much because again, a population that is strong, clear-minded and physically capable is a threat to tyrants. That's why they want you playing video games. To celebrate American strength, actual American strength Beam is offering up to 30% off their bestselling creatine for the next 48 hours. Go to shop Beam dot com slash Tucker, use the code Tucker at checkout, that's shop Beam BEA m.com/ Tucker. Use the code Tucker for up to 30% off. It's built on core values, integrity results. No BS Beam. We strongly recommend it.


I don't think you're fully on board with Darwinism. I'm Getting that sense. Well, there are a couple ways to look at that. I, I mean there's a big debate going on Right now in, in the world of evolutionary biologists about Darwin and neo Darwinism and questions raised about it. Yes, I mean, in a way I'm happy to leave that debate to them. I mean, 'cause that's talking about how do life forms develop over time and given genetic variation and, and natural selection. Okay, fine. I'll let the experts debate that. Yes. That in itself is not really a theologically relevant concern. I'll leave that to them. I agree. But see, here's the thing.


Creation in the theological sense has little to do with that. That's all about development of biological forms. Okay? Creation is much more dramatic. Creation names the relationship that obtains between unconditioned being and conditioned to being or to put that in more regular language between God and the world. So I mean, like Right now here you And I are sitting here in this table and this room is entirely conditioned form of existence. By which I mean it is, but it doesn't have to be. I could have missed the write up here today. You could have gotten sick. This thing could have fallen on the table.


It could be a thousand degrees and we'd be incinerated. It could be a thousand degrees below zero, we'd be frozen. Like there, there are a million things that make this set of affairs real. But it doesn't have to be. It doesn't have to be the case. So how do you explain that? Well, you can't appeal endlessly to other contingent things. You have to come finally to some reality whose very nature is to be that's not contingent, not finite, not even cent not dependent, but whose very nature is to be. I am like, right? Then go back to Moses. What's your name? See, Moses was asking a very sensible question for this worldly perspective.


So, hey, what, what kind of glass is that? You know, how tall is that glass? What kind of table is this a nice table? What kind of table is it? So you're a God, obviously, you know, you seem to know a lot about me and, and you're, so which one are you? Are you the God of the mountain? Are you God of the place? Are you a God of these people? Who are you? Which one are you? What's your name? And so when God says, I am who I am, he's saying dumb question that is not the right question to ask here. 'cause I'm not a conditioned state of affairs. I'm not a being among many. My name is I am I am who I am, right? My nature is to be. Well, now we're talking about the creator. See, the creator is the one who is here and now undergirding all the finite reality.


Who is Right. Now, this is a great line from Herbert McCabe, the theologian. He's singing the world into being the way an opera singer sustains a song. God, the the ground of being is singing this finite world into being. That's creation. See, so now within creation, I can talk all day about the darwinists and how this, the life form developed into that life form. And I'll let them debate that. But the religious question remains, no matter what you say about that, the religious question is about why is there something rather than nothing? Right? Exactly. Why should there be a finite conditioned world at all? You can't explain it by appealing endlessly to other forms of conditioned existence.


You can't, that's the mistake of materialism, let's say. So the Questions end at a certain point and there's an answer. So the question is, well, who created the creator? And the answer is, nobody. The creator Is. Right? Right? And if you ask that question, it means you haven't grasped the solution. If you say who created the creator, well then you haven't grasped no. The argument leads towards something that doesn't need to be created, that can't be created, who's very nature is to be, and who therefore is eternal. We'd say outside of time, immaterial outside of space, right? So all the finite things that, or the characteristics of finite reality can't apply to that, that reality. That's why we say God's eternal or why he's immaterial and so on.


Immutable, that means nothing that characterizes finite things should characterize him. What Do you think of the new atheists? I don't like them. No. Look, I I, my ministry, a word on fire emerged around that time. So right around the year 2000, the new atheists emerged after September 11th, which is not surprising because September 11th stirred to life again, this old kind of enlightenment idea. Religion is irrational, therefore it's violent. Because they can't settle things through argument. They have to settle them through bombs and guns and Exactly right. So that's an old argument.


Goes back to the 17th century. It was revived massively after September 11th. The new atheist, I think rode that wave in a big way. Now they were gifted rhetoricians, especially Hitchens, right? I admired Hitchens, I read Hitchens always with great pleasure, Dawkins les. So Sam Harris, I think has, you know, rhetorical gifts, but they are arguments. There's nothing new about them. They were old hat, they're borrowed from Marx and from Freud and from foyer B especially. So nothing new at the intellectual level. They were new in their nastiness. So like the, the classical atheist think Feuerbach, Marx, Freud, you got the sense they knew they were dealing with a formidable opponent.


Yes. When they were fighting religion, the new atheist, it was like they were dealing with an idiot child, you know? And so that's what was so annoying about them, I thought. And their arguments were pretty bad. And they were, you know, so aggressive toward religion. They did a great service, though. I'll say this. They awakened the Christian churches in many ways. The, the apologetic weapons that we threw away 40 years ago, we were compelled to pick up again. So a lot of us got into the game to kind of battle the new atheists and to draw upon the very rich intellectual tradition, especially of Catholicism. So in that way, they did a service to us. You know, and also, I wrote a paper on this one, I call it Thomas Aquinas, and why the new atheists are right, because the new atheists, see, they make this mistake we were just talking about.


They, they will construe God as some kind of big being. And okay, is there this big being or not? Some say there is some say there isn't. So it's like Bigfoot, you know something. There isn't Bigfoot. They say there isn't a bigfoot, let's go look around for evidence and find out. Well, you'll never find God that way. God isn't a being, God isn't, isn't a thing in the world, right? He's the reason why there's a world at all. Therefore, you're not gonna find him in the world. Therefore, you can't say things like, oh, there's no, there's no evidence for God as though he, he's like a, he's a, a chemical reaction or something. Yeah, Yeti. Yeah. Right? He's not like that. You have to ask a whole different set of questions. And that's what the new atheist did.


And, and like, like what, what were the questions? Like why is there something rather nothing? Like why should contingent being exist at all? How do you explain the to be of something whose nature is not to be, namely you and me and everything around us. I am for sure, but my nature is not to be. I could think myself out of being in a second. There's nothing necessary about me. Well, how do you explain that? How do you explain that now you say, oh, it's all matter and energy, it'll never work. Why? 'cause matter is always matter under these conditions matter in this size matter of this energy matter at this speed matter of this color. How did it get there? Why is it this rather than that?


See, So you, you can't answer that question. The really cool, interesting question, by appealing to something within the contingent world, you have to go outside the contingent world. And again, don't think of that spatially. So the minute you go, oh yeah, God must be then up out there someplace. No, you have made him a big being. You have to go outside in the metaphysical sense to a reality which indeed contains all of that, but is in No way contained by it. Now we're talking. And that to me is, is really interesting question. What also suggested that God's like right here, Right now, always. Well he is, and here's the interesting thing and all the mystics and theologians around this.


So is God in this room? No, absolutely not. Because this room is just full of contingent things like you and me in the shelves and the books and no, no, God, God's nothing in this. I can't point, oh, there he is, God's in this room. God's nowhere in this room. Is God in this room? Yes, he's everywhere in this room because this room wouldn't exist unless God were singing it into being. And so God is at the same time as transcendent, as you can imagine, not a thing in the world. And as imminent as you can imagine, it was the great Augustine who said, God is at the same time superior sumo mayo at interior mayo, which means he's higher than anything I can imagine.


And he's closer to me than I am to myself. Now figure that one out now. Now you understand the God whose nature is to be. He's transcendent. I can't grasp him and he's so imminent, I can't hide from him. See, and that's the space opened up by the Bible, I think. So what's the solution? You might ask? The solution is fall in love with God. Falling in love is not grasping. It's not hiding from, and can we read the Bible as God trying to draw his people into that space? I, I want you to fall in love with me. I don't want you grasping at me. That's idolatry. I don't want you hiding from me. That's secularism, right? I want you falling in love with me.


And that's the right reaction to the God who's you. You're defining secularism as hiding from God. Yeah. As an ideology. If you were to say all that there is is the secular world, right? As a materialism or imminent or scientism in the political sense. Secularism meaning all that there is, is the world that I can see in measure and so on, that's hiding from God. That's saying, ah, I'm not gonna worry about God. God doesn't impinge upon me. That's the buffered self. Charles Taylor, the philosopher calls it that I'm, I'm buffered from any contact with the transcendent. That's an attempt to hide from God. Doesn't work. And see, what I think is really interesting is the fact that religion is experiencing a revival. Even as we speak you, you feel that, oh yeah, I can, I can measure it.


I mean, it's been measured statistically because you can't hide from God all day and, and you can't grasp it on that's idolatry And I tree attempt to manipulate God. And the Bible knows all about that from page one. Page one. The Bible knows about manipulating God. That's what, tell me what you mean by that. Manipulating God. Let's say the original sin is to say, I'm not gonna obey God's law. I'm gonna make, I'm my own law. I'm gonna grasp the tree of the knowledge of good evil is, is I'm gonna make my, my own freedom. As we were saying a few minutes ago, my own freedom becomes my God. That's the type of idolatry, or I turn pleasure or money, sex power into my supreme good. That's idolatry to me.


The great biblical story there is the Elijah, the priest of Baal. Remember in the first book of Kings? Yes. So Elijah's, the one left, only one priest of Yahweh. But there's all these priests of BA by the way. So it always goes right. There's always a lot of avatars in the false gods. They're all over the place. They're thick on the ground, they're all over. And now let's you erect altars. Dear God, I'll, I'll ECT one to mine and let's see who responds, right? So the priest of ba erect the altars and then they start begging and they cajoling and pleading and, and they're, they're frustrated. If God's not answering their gods aren't sending fire, and Elijah mocks them, which I think is a great part of that story, he publicly mocks them.


You know, who knows, maybe your gods are napping or maybe they're in the bathroom. I don't know where they are, right? And then they finally end up, it's a beautiful detail. They end up slashing themselves with knives. They're trying to, they're trying to get the gods to respond. It's beautiful image of what happens to us in idolatry. We end up harming ourselves, right? In a frenzied attempt to get gods to answer. Who can never in principle answer. Now think of someone addicted to power, sex, money, pleasure, whatever it is. And I'm begging, begging, begging you, you will satisfy me. They, it won't 'cause. It can't. And I'll end up harming myself. Then Elijah calls upon the true God. The fire comes, destroys, you know, takes the sacrifice.


It's not just a jingoistic story. It's a very powerful story that the true God is the only one that can satisfy the longing of the heart, right? And so idolatry will always lead us down. This self-destructive path and the worship of the true God is what's gonna lead us to the fire falling on us.


A lot of the News you read doesn't really have a lot of inherent meaning, but this does. Starting May 19th, the Hallow app is leading a consecration to Jesus through St. Joseph. He might be asking, why St. Joseph, why now well consider this. Joseph was the man, God himself trusted with his own son. He wasn't a king or a warrior. He was a carpenter. He was a quiet and steady man of unshakable faith in an age that mocks humility. Can you imagine the basis of wisdom in a relationship with God is time we looked to someone who embodied humility, not for applause, but for God. The series is not just about St. Joseph, it's about what happens when you follow his example, when you trade noise for silence, when you stop chasing relevance and start seeking holiness. And all of that begins with humility, which is really just perspective. You are not God. It's important to remind yourself of that we do every day. So every week on how you'll hear reflections grounded in the gospels. Pray powerful prayers like the litany of St. Joseph and hear glory stories from throughout church history. Not myths, not legends, actual intersections and power from a saint who's been quietly helping people for thousands of years. Hallow is the world's number one prayer app. And experiences like this are why my family And I cannot get enough of it. It is a constant dinner table conversation. So you get three months Right now at hallow.com/ Tucker for free. You'll be glad you did. hallow.com/ Tucker,


it's one of the saddest things about this country. The country's getting sicker despite all of our wealth and technology. Americans aren't doing well overall. Obesity, heart disease, autoimmune conditions, all kinds of horrible chronic illnesses, weird cancers, they're all on the rise. Probably a lot of reasons for this. But one of them definitely is Americans don't eat very well anymore. They don't eat real food. Instead they eat industrial substitutes and it's not good. It's time for something new. And that's where Masa chips come in MAs has decided to revive real food by creating snacks, how they used to be made, how they're supposed to be made. A Masa chip has just three simple ingredients, not 117 three, no seed oils, no artificial additives, just real delicious food. And I know this 'cause we eat a ton of them in my house. And by the way, I feel great. So you can still continue to snack, but you can do it in a healthy way with chips without feeling guilty about it. Maa chips are delicious. They taste how a tortilla chip is supposed to taste. But the thing is, you can hit 'em really, really hard And I have, and not feel bloated or sluggish after you feel like you've done something decent for your body. You don't feel like you got a head injury or you don't feel filled with guilt. You feel light and energetic. It's the kind of snack your grandparents ate worth bringing back. So you can go to maa chips.com. Ma is m Masa by the way. Maa chips.com/ Tucker to start snacking. Get 25% off. We enjoy 'em. You will too.


Your identity is constantly under attack. In just the last year, Americans lost over $16 billion to scammers online. Anyone can fall victim to this. Your social security number, your bank account, your credit profile can be exposed and you won't even know it. And the second they are exposed, thieves can take out loans to your name. Open credit cards, wreck your Life financially. Identity Guard can save you. Identity Guard monitors everything from your credit card to your bank accounts, to your social security number. Looking for early signs of fraud before damage is done. If something weird happens, you get an instant alert. If someone does steal your identity, identity guard's expert team works directly with banks, credit card companies and lenders to shut it down quickly. And the scam, having your identity stolen is a nightmare. Someone in this country becomes a victim of identity theft every six seconds. Identity Guard protects you. 30 day free trial at exclusive discount at Identity Guard dot com slash Tucker. Protect yourself before it's too late. Identity Guard dot com slash Tucker.


Wh why does the, Does God Require Sacrifice? He doesn't require it. And that's a, that's a super important point. The Bible and the great tradition make it over and over again. How could the one who made the entire universe from nothing possibly need anything from it? Right? And it's just a, a logical contradiction to see like the ancient gods of Greece. Sure. They need all kinds of stuff. Remember that scene? It's in the Odyssey. I think, you know where as the sacrifices are being made and the gods are like desperately lapping up the blood of the sacrifice. 'cause they, they need our, you know, our loyalty. And so on the Bible, Psalm 50, you think I need, they think I drank the blood of goats.


Are you joking? All, all the animals in the field, they all belong to me. So, but that's a very important point because it's not that we're playing some game of, of like codependency with God. God needs nothing. That's the best news ever. God needs nothing from us. What he wants is the openness of heart signaled by the sacrifice. Because he wants us to be alive. And, and when we say, Lord, I'm, I'm opening my heart to you. I'm ordering my life to you in this great sacrifice of praise, God delights. Because now we're gonna find the joy He wants us to have that that's saying iis my great intellectual hero, the glory of God as a human being fully alive.


See, the glory of God is not putting us down. And boy, they finally got around honoring me sufficiently. So that's all paganism. But it, it haunts the Christian mind. Still, it haunts our minds. But the Bible is always trying to, to dismiss that demon. God wants our sacrifice because it's good for us. God gets nothing out of it. Think of it, it it like, it bounces off of the rock of the divine self-sufficiency and comes back to our benefit. Right? So when I, when I pray to God or I, I offer the sacrifice of the mass to God. I'm not giving God anything he needs. God needs nothing. But it bounces off of that self-sufficiency to me.


It red redos to my benefit. So, you know, go into the Catholic mass. We offer the sacrifice of Jesus to the Father. We represent the sacrifice of the cross of the Father. Oh. 'cause the Father needs it. The father needs nothing. But it bounces off of the father's self-sufficiency and comes back as food for us. So now we eat, we eat the body and drink the blood of Jesus. We, we consume the sacrifice. It's for our benefit, not for Gods. But your question is really a good one. 'cause it leads us into that very important spiritual space. One of the reasons I think Christianity is true is because so many people hate it. Yeah.


And yeah, Jesus is really the great dividing. He always has the Great divider. Yeah. And like, why would you be mad at Jesus or Christianity when it's like a nonviolent religion that teaches people to love each other. If you're mad at that, it says something about how real it is. I think I, I agree. Both Billy Graham and Fulton Sheen, I mean arguably the two greatest evangelists of the 20th century said the same thing, which was, the objection to God is rarely, truly intellectual. It's a moral objection. Totally. So we, the, the moral demand of God becomes too great. See Jesus, if he's one spiritual figure among many, he's a great teacher.


You know, like the Buddha, he's like Muhammad, he's like Confucius. Well then I can kind of handle him. You know, I can put him in a corner and say, okay, that's interesting. I'll abide by some of that. And I, I also like what the Sufi mystics say. And I also like what Moses says here. But see, Jesus as CS Lewis saw so perfectly, you know, is qualitatively different than that. And that's why he's a problem. Because if he is who he says he is not just one teacher that I can listen to, but he's God from God. Light from light, true God from true God, be God not made consubstantial with the Father, as we say every week in the creek. True theme Him all things were made. Yeah. If that's who he is, well, that game's over.


But why Does it make people mad? I mean, one of the late life revelations in my life has been that the, these great spasms of violence, these revolutions that we studied, French Revolution, Spanish, civil War, bullshit revolution, 1917, huge parts of World War II were anti-Christian. Absolutely. Like the point was to murder Christian. Absolutely. Yeah. But it's not recorded that Way. Yeah, but that's, no, that's true. Yeah. But see, Jesus, he's a problem because of, of who he says he is, but also we're sinners. And so sinners don't wanna get outta their sinful patterns. They're we're way too comfortable. It's like the Israelites that wanna go back to Egypt, right? They're, they're on their way to liberation. But, oh boy did we love the, you know, the, the flesh pots of Egypt.


At least we had cucumbers and all right, it's my favorite part. Right? But, but it, see, that's the story of every sinner is I every sin is a type of addiction you're addicted to. You know, that's the priest of all. And so as I'm trying to move toward conversion, I'm, I'm moving across the painful desert right on the way to the promised land. I'm always hankering for Egypt. And so Jesus is a constant reproach, a constant challenge, a constant, no, no. You know, so of course I'm, I'm gonna, I'm gonna resist him. Look at, you know, the very fact, I think this is very interesting. Muhammad dies in his, in his bed full of ears. The Buddha dies in his bed full of ears surrounded by his disciples. Confucius the same thing.


Moses dies at the age of 120 or something, you know? And then there's Jesus who dies 30 years old, naked, pinned to a desperate instrument of torture. His, his disciples having abandoned him. Yes. His enemies mocking him. That's how he dies. Now, what does that tell you? It tells you there's something about him. Well, who would Right that, by the way, if I, if I'm trying to create a new Religion, No way you'd Right. He's not the hero I'm creating at all. No, but it's a sign. He's a sign of contradiction. He, he's the one that, that that's the way the world is gonna react to him. Now, what's the good news? The good news is having endured all of that, he returns.


And I always think of this, you know, if, if we were h was telling the story, he never, you never heard the Jesus story. But where's this guy, this horrible thing, and these people betrayed him and denied him, and they crucified him. And now he's back. He'd be back with a machine gun. I'm back for vengeance. He's back with shalom. A word of peace as the way I put it. Christianity is this, we killed God. And God returned in forgiving love. And that's why, as Paul said, right, I I'm certain neither death nor life, nor angels nor principalities, nor height, nor depth, nor anything else could ever separate us from love of God. How does Paul know that? Because, because we killed God.


And God returned in forgiving love. That's salvation. That's, that's the word of grace, if you want. That's the good news. That's what they went careering around the world to their deaths proclaiming, was that, you know, Paul, I preach one thing, Christ and him crucified because that's the message is we killed him. God raised him up and he returned in forgiving love. You know, that's the, that's the good news. Do you think that Christian persecution is on the rise? Oh, I know. It's, it's, it's documented. 20th century was the worst century for Christian martyrs of all the, of Christian history, all the previous centuries combined that there were more martyrs in the 20th century than any other time we think about the early church.


They were all being persecuted. Yeah, yeah. Far greater the 20th century. Now around the world, we are by far the most persecuted religion. Absolutely. And it's a, it's a crime. It's an outrage. And we talk about, in a kind of demure way about religious liberty in our country, which is indeed under threat. But you want the real threat to religious liberty. It's in different parts of the world. People are being killed for their Christian faith. So Why is that fact suppressed that is intentionally suppressed? Again, I I was like 45 before I realized the Bolshevik revolution was aimed at Christians. I don't know why I didn't get that, but I didn't. Yeah, I I I have to ask the, you know, the keepers of the flame culturally, but it, it's simply the case today. I mean, it's, it's the most persecuted religion.


You know, I, we can look at things from different angles. I suppose One tragedy, let's say the 20th century, if you have World War I and World War ii, yes. There's, there are anti-Christian elements to be sure. I mean, Hitler's deeply anti-Christian. But you also had French Christians killing German Christians, killing Canadian Christians, killing American Christians, killing Russian Christians. He said it was this massive Christian slaughter bench. And my pet theory is when you go to Europe today, especially parts of Europe, and you see a kind of spiritual wasteland. I think that's a big part of it. Is I agree completely. We're just recovering from this, this horrific outbreak of Christian on Christian violence.


The gospel. Did that get into anybody's mind and heart in the 20th century that allowed this orgy of violence to take place? What, where do You, what do you think that was? Why the 20th century? Well, you could do so much Darker than anything had happened in the dark ages. You could do the Leo the 13th, you know, who gave us the same Michael prayer and who supposedly had a, a intuition or a, a, a sense that the 20th century would belong to the devil. And to my mind, it's kind of hard to argue with that. If you believe in the devil as I do, and you see what happened in the 20th century, it's kind of hard to imagine It wasn't to some degree. Well, Nuclear weapons are proof as far as I can Know. Yeah, I know. And I mean the, the mass destruction, mass death of the 20th century, it, it's hard to blame that simply on political reality.


You know? Totally. Well, I'm sorry I interrupted you. I'm so sorry. No, no, sorry. You said Le Pope Leo the 13th Yeah. Had a, can you explain what you mean? He had this sense, he Had a mystical experience of the devil would, would have a unique control over the 20th century. And so he formulates the famous Saint Michael prayer that we still pray in many churches asking for the protection of Michael the Archangel. When, When did he have this experience Toward the end of his life? So I wanted, he died in 19 Augh three. So it would've been like around 1900, I say late 19th century. And many would say, well, it was born out by the 20th century. I would like, you know, for me in my own lifetime, it, see, when I was a, a young guy going through school, it, it, we were still very much formed by more liberal, Catholic, Catholic view the devil literary device.


Literary as a symbol, you know, for evil. Don't take it. Literally. It's not You were taught that. Yeah. It was sort of the standard view. But you know, what really convinced me powerfully of the devil's reality was the sex abuse scandal. 'cause you look at the sex abuse scandal, which has haunted almost the whole of my priesthood, it, it broke in Chicago in the early nineties. I was ordained in 1986. So most of my priesthood has been under the shadow. The sex abuse clergy, sex abuse scandal has adversely affected the church in every possible way. And you look at it and you say, could that have just been a, a, an accident or just human folly and sin?


It seemed to have so designed by a wicked mind that wanted to undermine the church. But then now look at the whole 20th century and the level of destruction and degradation. It's hard for me to imagine. It's just because of political forces or cultural, I Couldn't agree more forces. I I've come to this conclusion recently, but I think you're exactly right. So what's the St. Michael's Prayer? That was St. Michael the Archangel defend us in battle. I won't get it exactly right, but it's, it's an invocation of St. Michael to defend us in battle against the devil who sends his minions for the destruction of souls. So it's a very conscious awareness of the presence of evil in the world. And we're asked, and Hopee Leo said the 13th said, I think this century is gonna be dominant.


Yeah. Would belonged to the devil. And he formulated that prayer to be prayed in Catholic Churches. What did people say when he said that? I think most of 'em, I followed him. I think most said, we started saying that prayer. 'cause I Mean, 1903 was a period of great hope in the West. Yes. Which is fascinating to me. You know, it, there's a, a magazine called the Christian Century. It's a, it's a Christian theological journal. And it was born at that time. And that's always the idea is this is the Christian century. Yes. That, you know, progress and economic progress and political In The world and the social gospel. And this is our century. And then didn't exactly work out that way Leo intuited or had a mystical experience to the effect that it would belong not to the Christian churches, but to the devil.


So, you know, we got a battle in our hands, but we mostly forget what we were saying earlier. You know, we're sin abounds grace of bounds. The more the gates of hell will not prevail against the church. You know that image too? I don't know why, but for most of my life, I am. Okay. Yeah. The gates of hell will not prevail against it, which means somehow hell is gonna come against us, but we're gonna win the battle. But that's not what it means. The gates would be the weakest point of a city wall. And so when you're attacking a city, you go after the gates. So what the Lord is saying is, no, no, you're not defensive here. You're on the march, you're on the offensive, and the gates of hell will not prevail against you.


You're gonna win. You're, you're invading hell. And it's not gonna prevail against you. So it's like not a cowering like, oh, we'll put up a good defense. And I guess we're gonna Yeah. Or move as far away from hell as we can. We are on the march, move to the suburbs. No, but see, one of the problems is when Christians forget that and they hand the world over to pure secularism or whatever, well of course we're not gonna do well in the battle. But when Christians know, no, our job is to be fully engaged in this great struggle, and we're going after you, hell, we're coming after hatred, violence, stupidity, superstition, scapegoating. We're, we're going after you, you know, we're on the march.


I I when I was coming of age, we didn't have that language. Why? It was an attempt. And I, I, I know. 'cause the people that taught me were good people. And they were, they were positively motivated. I know that for sure. They felt the church needed to be relevant to the modern world, and that the modern world should set the agenda for the church. That was a big part of the mentality that we had been in a fortress too long. We'd been in a defensive crouch. We had demonized the world. And so now we need to go out to the world in a confident spirit. And that's definitely the Catholicism I got as a young man. But see, here's something I've always found kind of puzzling.


So I, I come of age right after the second Vatican Council, which ended 1965. I went to first grade 1966. Right. So that's the, the church that I inherited very much. Vatican two was written by people who had experienced the, the worst of the 20th century. Yes. Mostly European intellectuals, French German, a lot of them Americans. Two, some Italian Swiss Right. Are the people that wrote Vatican ii. And they experienced some of the worst horrors in human history. So Vatican II is a direct response to the Second World War. No, I wouldn't say that. Vatican ii, look, I, I, I'm, I, let me talk about it positively.


Vatican II was a missionary council. I think the best people of Vatican two felt the church has been crouching behind walls for too long. And it should go out, not to conform to the modern world, but to go out to convert the modern world. It, it's, how do we get the church to engage modernity in a confident spirit? I think that people like Deach and Van Baltazar and, and Tiwa and inger these people, that's what they had in mind. You know. Now what the church became after the council, that's a different story. What developed after the council, that's the church that I came of age in. And I think that was a too apologetic church. That was a church that in fact lost a missionary edge.


It was more of the, you know, conformity to the world. The world sets the agenda for us. That was a distortion of Vatican ii. But that's the church that formed a lot of people in my generation. Do you think that the sex abuse, the sex abuse was a result of Vatican two? Not Vatican two per se? I would say more the result of the sexual revolution and of a loosening of moral strictures. There was, And I, I sense this even as a young man, there was a sense of, you know, we've repressed stuff too long and we really need to be more expressive. And there's too much of this obsession with, you know, sexual sin. And so, and then the whole culture was, you know, going through a sexual revolution and, you know, stop repressing and, you know, be yourself and express what you're feeling.


And I think a lot of priests, frankly, got caught up in that cultural movement. And because we, we can measure it, the sex abuse, the clergy sex abuse spiked by the seventies into the very early eighties. And then it began going down. And then after 2 0 0 2, when the church put in all kinds of important restrictions, the so-called Dallas Accords being a first among them, it's fallen off the table. The statistic have gone completely down. So we can measure a spiking of it right at the height of the sexual revolution. I think that's responsible for a lot of it. What were the changes wr by Vatican ii?


There was famously, you know, the change in language of the mass from Latin to colloquial. But I learned recently that there were what seemed like theological changes to church doctrine. Is that fair? No, not really. I, I would say there was development of doctrine. I'm using John Henry Newman's language there. Newman says that doctrine is not just handed out like a football, you know, from one generation to the other. It, it unfolds more like a, like a river expanding or like a, a tree growing. Like, so doctrine doesn't turn back on itself, but it can grow and express itself in fresh ways. For example, the, the ecclesiology of Vatican ii, the understanding of the church and its nature underwent a real development at Vatican ii moving away from a, let's say highly ju to a more organic sense of the church.


The church not crouching defensively, but the church going out in a confident missionary spirit. The church is the people of God, not just the hierarchy. All of that stuff would be emphasis within Vatican two. They represent not a repudiation of the previous ecclesiology, but a development of it. The role of the laity in the world that's around from the beginning of the church, but had been muted prior to the council laity were, you know, come to mass on Sunday Yes. And say your prayers and, and donate to the church and all that where Vatican conducive. No, your job is to crucify the world. Yeah. You're meant to go out into business, finance, entertainment, sports, education, everything, and crucify the world. Well, that's a real development. I say a healthy development of doctrine.


I agree. At Vatican two. So that's how I read it. And again, do Vatican two. But then the post cons concealer period, which was often not all that faithful to Vatican ii. It would be more faithful to the spirit of the world. Were There any changes to the way the gospel story was told? Well, no, except, you know, the vernacular at the mass makes the, the whole liturgy more accessible to people. I think even, I don't even know because this is before my time that the gospel was still read. I think in, in the vernacular before the council, we got greater exposure to the Bible. After Vatican two, they opened up more of the Bible to us. But I don't think the way the gospel story was told, I don't think that changed.


The church seems to be readjusting in a new direction now. Is that fair with Pope Leo, you mean? Well, that just happened. No, but I mean, I, well, I'll just be totally blunt. So the Catholic church got in American political terms, which are a pretty limited way to describe it, but got super liberal. The Jesuits, the Mion olds pretty liberal is my non-Catholic perspective. And then all of a sudden, everywhere you look, people, you know, are converting to Catholicism with a pretty kind of traditionally Christian orientation. Is that real, do you Think? Yeah, I think that's going on today. You know, we have to go back, let's say to when I was a kid, there was that liberalization for sure. What I was describing is, you know, the church or the, the world setting the agenda for the church.


Yeah. That's kind of a liberal move. A tendency. And this is how I would characterize ecclesial liberalism, a tendency to reduce the supernatural to the natural. So instead of emphasizing the supernatural dimension, God, trinity grace, salvation, Jesus, cross resurrection, eternal life. Right. A tendency to say what the church is really all about is, you know, social justice and, and racial justice and economic justice and so on. Where indeed those are implications from our, our doctrine. And indeed the church is interested in transforming the world. True. But the liberal tendency is to reduce the supernatural to the natural that was going on for a long time. Yes. And the change commenced really with like a John Paul II's been happening now for many decades in very recent years.


To your point, I think yes, there's been a keener interest in the supernatural dimension of, of the faith. Why would you Go to church if it's not supernatural? Which is a darn good question. But see, again, the instinct, And I get it, all my teachers felt this way when I was a kid. It, well, we don't wanna be irrelevant. You know, the church is always about the world, and we're engaged and we're not just, you know, running off to heaven or pie in the sky when you die. And I, they, they tended to think of it in a very dualistic way. Why, why, What? That's such an interesting, it's kind of the last impulse you would think in someone who's devoted his life to, you know, being a member of the clergy.


Yeah. And I kind of share your puzzlement in a way with it, but it was the church that I took in as a, as a kid. But it's not just the Catholics who did this. No. Right. No. Right. Totally eliminated Mainstream Protestantism with these ideas. Yes. And we keep, you know, analyzing the thing too is, is the supernatural during the modern period and then into the postmodern period, is subject to a, a withering criticism, you know, on the part of secularist rationalist Yes. The scientific mentality and materialistic mentality. So if, if you accept that criticism, I, well, all this supernatural, you know, mumbo jumbo. So what's left is, well, it's, you know, moral commitment. We're good people. The other thing, if you wanna do it philosophically, the influence of e Emmanuel Kant, and I might boring your audience with this, but Emmanuel Kant, late 18th century, the most influential, the modern philosophers writes a book called Religion Within the Limits of Reason Alone, extremely important text.


Which Hilarious title. Yes. It actually, it is, see if you can have a Religion within the limits of reason. Right. But that's so funny that he's an enlightenment figure. Think, think Thomas Jefferson. Yeah. Cutting all the supernatural parts out of the Bible. Right. Same instinct. But Khan said, religion is finally all about being an ethically upright person. And so worship and liturgy and doctrine and miracles and all that. Fine, fine, fine. If it leads you to moral, you know, rectitude. Well see, I think we drank deeply from the wells of Tism. A lot of Christians did. And they said, well, all right, y when push comes to shove, what it's really all about is am I a dedicated person? And that now, because of the critique of sexual morality, took the form of social justice morality.


So the, the way you prove that you're a religious person is not do I believe in the Trinity so much? It's am I committed to social justice? I think it's a sort of popular tism that was ibid by the Christian churches, very much including my own. Interesting. And again, it completely destroyed American Protestantism, a main mainline Protestant. Yes. You Know, quite right. I, I completely agree with that. And it, and we see the, it's, it's heartbreaking, really, we see the ruins of, of Christian churches because of that conte and move Literally the ruin. I mean, so just a physical ruin. It's like the Yes. The roof has fallen and no one's going. Yes. Because again, to your point, why would they bother if, if you're, you know, you're a dedicated political person and your political party is focused on these things too, why would you need to go to church to talk about it?


You know? No, it, it was a disaster of the last about 50 years in our, in the Christian churches. And do you feel like that's changing Yeah. In the Catholic church? Yes. No, I I I, I do, I do see the supernatural has a way of reasserting itself that, that it's Being supernatural, right? Yes. Its, death has been predicted so many times in so many different circles. Enlightenment most famously. But look, the enlightenment was a long time ago, and religion's still around. I have an internet ministry And I, you know, I, I used to do it more. I go on the comment sections And I respond to people, but you still hear it. People say, you know, religion, it's, it's days are numbered. And I think, oh, buddy, they've been saying that for like hundreds of years and it's not worked out.


You know, but it's still this, this prejudice that, you know, somehow science and, you know, we we're gonna knock religion out. Religion keeps reasserting itself for all the reasons we were saying in the first part of our conversation. It's 'cause all those spiritual and metaphysical truths, they don't go away. We can, we can hope they go away or pretend they go away, but they don't go away. They reassert themselves. And the deepest reason is we're made in the image of lightness of God. So there's a hunger in us for God. And so that's why it's reasserting itself. Even now, You, you often hear, and it's accepted uncritically or was when I was a kid, anyway, that religion, Christianity leads to violence.


Right. You know, and that, that was really the drive. I mean, Hitchens, who I knew well, that that was his main argument. People get, you know, inflexible when they believe in the supernatural and they have to kill anyone who disagrees. But does the historical record support that Claim? No. And of course, that's a great myth. There was a book done some years ago. I've heard the title of it now, but a guy that did a very careful study of all the great wars going back in like a couple thousand years. And the conclusion was something like 8% could be traced to a religious cause. But that's part of enlightenment historiography. It's a, it's one of the myths of enlightenment, historiography that religion is the problem. And see that it's the, it's the origin myth of, of modernity.


Modernity emerged out of the miss of a superstitious religion and out of a primitive prescience, let's say. And so we have to regular bring out these sort of boogeymen to, to knock down again, like, yeah. Religion, bad, superstition, bad, and look at now this enlightenment reason. Enlightenment. But no, that, that's all simplistic. You know? And, and, and it betrays a deep lack of appreciation for the intellectual tradition within the religious sphere. But that's part of the, the way they've told the story. It, and of course, may I say too about violence, I, I always, I have to smile when people, oh, religion is a source of violence.


Gimme a break. Look at the 20th century. I mean, the corpses piled up in the 20th century, and it was not religion that did it. It was, it was deeply anti-religious ideologies. It was murdering religious people. So it, like, I mean, I'll take lectures on violence for many people, but not from, from the avatars of modern secularism. You know? And sure there's distortions of religion and bad religious people that did things in its name. But you can't talk about the risen. Jesus still bearing his wounds and with the word of shalom on his lips and say, that's a religion of violence. It's a religion that shows God absorbing the violence of the world. Yes. You know, when Jordan Peterson, I think made a very important observation about the cross when he said there's no other story.


And you couldn't imagine a story that shows more of human degradation than the cross of Jesus. That's Right. Physical suffering, psychological suffering, death itself, the abandonment by your friends, betrayal, denial, institutional injustice. It's all there. As I said earlier, this 30-year-old man dying naked on this instrument of torture. Well, there it is. You know, there, there's the, the totality of, of human dysfunction. And God's response to that is not to res to more violence, it's to respond with forgiving love. That's Christianity. Now, the distortions of it are, are everywhere. But that's Christianity. It's not a religion of violence.


It's so non-obvious. It's so preposterous and crazy that the fact that that became the world's most popular religion tells you it's true. Yes. Like, who could Make that up? Yes. It's so unappealing. Like your God got tortured to death and didn't fight back. Absolutely. I, it's the weird, it's, I wrote a little book years ago called The Strangest Way. The Strangest Way. And it's a book about Christianity. 'cause that's the argument I made was, this is the weirdest religious path ever, ever. Because again, when I was coming of age, it was very much all religions, you know, they're kind of the same. And we all climb the Holy Mountain by different paths. Right. No, I completely repudiate that now completely repudiate that I'm with Tom Holland, you know, not Spider-Man, but the, the popular historian Tom Holland, do you know, called Dominion?


Wonderful. Oh, I, I read Dominion. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. But that's his argument is things that we just think are, oh, that's just part of the way things are. No, they're not. It's, it's Christianity Bequeath. That's a great book. It's a great book. Yeah. Yes. Christianity bequeathed to the West. These deeply weird ideas like we're we're all equal. We we're all of exactly subjects of dignity that you should care for the, the poor and the marginalized. And they didn't just come up out of enlightenment, rationalism. They came up out of Christianity. That Weakness is something we should celebrate. I mean, not a talk about counterintuitive. And you say, okay, God, what? Gimme an image of your God and mighty, you know, kings. And and then there's our image of God is that 30-year-old rabbi on the cross whose, Whose closest friends didn't really believe In him.


Right. Close friends ran away. You know, it's like the most pathetic story you can imagine. And we say, that's the manifestation of God. But If you were making it up, you would hide all that. Of course, of course. No, it's the, the last story in the world. You dream of making up, up. It's the opposite of the story you'd make up. The gospels are all like that. They're, they're strange and weird and wonderful. So it does seem like you were saying that Kant was the root of the ideas that led to the French Revolution and Auschwitz and like, you know, every, And I agree with you, but the Kant sort of began writing at the beginning of the, of a technological revolution. Yeah. And as technology advanced first incrementally, then exponentially, and now we're on the verge of like singularity with ai, th those ideas became stronger and more dominant.


So there's a connection between technology and the belief that man is God. Yeah. And all the suffering of results. Oh, they became very dangerous. So technology's not bad in itself, but when you couple technology with a sheer celebration of autonomy or a bracketing of God, I don't blame poor Khan for that. Mean Ka did a very vivid sense of God as a moral guide. But you do indeed with someone like Nietzsche, you know, you get to a sense of oh yeah, UBA men. And it's just, it's human autonomy expressing itself. That's a very dangerous combination. And you bring high technology into that. And you don't anchor it in something of spiritual moral, welcome to the 20th century.


But the 21st century sees a continuation of those trends, like in a way that you couldn't even imagine 15 years ago or 25 years ago at the end of the last century. So like, where are we going into, I don't know. That's the whole AI thing, which, you know, I kind of have to understand, but it always makes me nervous when I think about it. And I see, you know, instances of it chat, GPT and all that. And it's kind of amazing. Like most technology breaks through. Sure. Oh My gosh. That guy can actually compose a, a novel and you know, a minute or whatever it is. But it's, it's frightening. 'cause it's got to be grounded in a moral vision. It has to be, or it will become a Frankenstein's monster. I mean, she saw that, by the way, that's very interesting about Mary Shelley. I mean, she saw that coming. Oh yeah. She saw exactly what will happen when we become God, we decide to dictate terms to reality.


It'll turn enough and wreck us. I mean, that's a very prescient novel. Yeah. It Feels tower babbly a little bit. Yeah, Absolutely. Like the Bible knew all about it. Yes. So where, how does, how does the, the individual respond to this? Well, yeah, I mean, I, I would say that keep the, the awakening of the moral sensibility and, and a grounded of your life and God, you are not the center of the universe. The decentering of the ego. I mean, all those spiritual practices would be essential to a a, a rightly ordered world. But yeah, we have a dangerous weapon in front of us. And that's what the churches can't seed the ground.


I mean, CEDE the ground, we, we can't withdraw outta the sidelines. The churches have gotta be front and center in shaping the consciousness of, of the, our people see, and the measure that we become, just the faint echo of the culture. That's very dangerous. Because the very weirdness of Christianity that we were talking about, that's gotta be front and center. It's gotta be front and center. See, when I was coming of age, the churches were made to look like they're just blending into the suburban environment. That's a, that's the emblematic of the time. Make the church just So you can barely see it. The medieval cathedrals looked like Tibetan temples.


They were wildly colored and rising up like monsters from the, but that, that's because they were speaking of another world. And you, you go through the door's, not like you were entering a bank, which is the way a lot of our churches feel now. Like, you're entering another world. Yeah. So that to me is emblematic of what the churches should be like today on the scene. We, we've gotta be a very strong presence. But the stronger the presence of Christianity, the, the more vehement the the persecution. Yes. Right? Yes. And see, they know at some level, when I say they, I mean the, the enemies of the church, they know in some way we are the enemy that matters.


Yes. I Totally agree. We're the enemy that matters. And that's why they go after us with such, That's how they convinced me it was real. I mean, 'cause I spent my whole life watching what the enemies of civilization do. That's like my job. And the thing that triggers them, most of all is Jesus. Like, there's nothing that comes close. And I think the whole point of the trans thing was just to like, figure out who believes in Jesus and who doesn't. That's my personal view. But, but Whatever. No, we're, we're the enemy. And that's true. And they know it. They, they intuit that. But see, the gates of hell will not prevail against us. So we, we should go forth with panache and with confidence pan. You know what I mean? You're The only person in America who's used that word today. And I love it. I've forgotten word, but how does the individual believer respond to persecution?


Well, it depends where you are. I mean, there's some, I know these believers in Nigeria who are under, you know, very direct persecution and they've responded, I think beautifully by 94% of them coming to mass every Sunday. That's an act of, of resistance Persecution. If you could just put a finer point on it, by which you mean like denial of federal contracts or No, I mean, I mean threat to your life and limb. Like beheading. Yeah. Yeah. There are people being killed all over the world for their Christianity today in our country. Of course it takes a subtle reform and you know, we're being persecuted institutionally in different ways. And, and they're trying to get us off the stage. I was a bishop for six years in California, auxiliary of la and there's no question the government wanted us out of healthcare.


They want us out of education. They want us off the public stage and, you know, in using all kinds of different strategies. And we, you know, we resisted it successfully in some cases, not so much in others, but they definitely want us solve the stage. 'cause we are the principal enemy. So they didn't want you healing the sick or educating the kids for free. They don't want for free. No. Because there's a, as you just were suggesting, there's an ideology in place that they want all the kids to subscribe to. And, and we stand aort that we have a different anthropology and they want hospitals where, you know, abortion and euthanasia and all that and where gender surgery is being done. And, and the church has to stand against that.


And What's wrong with euthanasia, Whether you live or you die, you're the lord's my life doesn't belong to me. And it's not a matter of my autonomy deciding, oh, now it's time for me to get off the stage that belongs to God. You know? So it is another expression of the deification of the autonomous will is I determine, you know, how I live, how long I live and all that. And the church says, no, no, you, you belong to God. That's gonna be a battle that, you know, we're all gonna be fighting. Yeah. Or, or witness to soon. Right. For Well, we fought in California and it's in so many states, you know, euthanasia.


It's, I think it's a very demonic manifestation. And, and so is the transgender surgery stuff. My home state now, Minnesota, it's a sanctuary state so kids can, without their parents' permission, it can be brought to Minnesota to have gender reassignment surgery. I I think that's as, as perverse as it gets. So as believers say, like what you just said, they're gonna be, well they are already being punished in the state of Minnesota and in the state of California. How do they respond to that punishment? Well, I guess it depends on the person and, and you know, the church at its leadership level has tried to affect an organized response.


I mean, so on a regular basis, I, I'm chair Right now of our bishop's committee on Lady Youth and Family Life. And we've issued, you know, strong statements. We meet as bishops with the leadership of Minnesota once a year. So we met with the governor and met with most of the top leadership. We lay out, you know, our, our positions on things in California. Well, what does the governor say? Not, Not much. That's helpful. California, there was a law now one, like it just passed in Washington state, but in California to compel priests to break the seal of confession in, in the case of child sex abuse. And we fought that and we, we roused the people, and the people inundated Sacramento with so many petitions that they dropped it.


So we figured that was a, a victory. But these battles are just ongoing. That's why religious liberty is a serious issue in our country. I mean, Christians should be prepared to suffer. Correct? They should be. Yeah. Yeah. Do you think they are? Well, I, I think at their best and some of the best would be, but I think we've been outta practice in a way that we've so internalized practices of accommodation that it's probably hard to imagine, you know, that we would be standing a thwart, let's say a government or standing a thwart a law. I think for a lot of Catholics that would, that would be still kind of a, a new idea. But maybe that's the challenge of our time.


You keep hearing reports of people imputing like supernatural power to ai, and you hear very credible reports that in fact are true, that it acts autonomously, that it lies to the people who created it. I know, for example. Yeah, that's real. Do you see a spiritual component to that? Like what is that? I wish I knew more about it. I've been involved in a couple conferences about ai and when people start talking about it, I always go back to Thomas Aquinas and those people that, that no matter what this thing is, which I would say is mimicking consciousness, it's not conscious consciousness has to involve something immaterial. As I was saying earlier, if you, if you're entertaining a, a pure mathematical idea or pure abstraction, that's a sign that your mind is not simply ordered to the material.


And the brain might explain imagination, but it can't explain pure conceptualization. I don't think a machine is, is in principle capable of real conceptualization and real intellectual and will. So whatever's going on with AI is a rum of consciousness, not the real thing. Now having said all that, it doesn't take away the fact that you just said, might they develop in a way that's really repugnant to our own interests? And I think yes, the answer to that is yes. And yeah, I worry about that. The Vatican I know is very interested. They've had several conferences on ai. One of the first things the pope said, our new pope was about ai.


So it's on their mind for sure that it's, talk about your Frankenstein's monster, right. This thing that we've created that might turn on us. So I I see all that. The new pub's American Yeah, from the Midwest. Yeah. Yeah. Do you know him? A little bit. We grew up about a 25 minute drive from each other. So I, I grew up in Western Springs. He grew up in Dalton, which is just off the south side of the city. I was in the southwest suburbs. I, he's about four years older than I am. So around the same age, he would've come of age as an Augustinian, which meant he was in the order side of things. I came of age as a Diocesant priest. So we didn't really share an educational background. I came to know him a little bit at the last two synods.


So the last two Octobers under Pope Francis, we had these synods gathering about 400 people, 300 bishops, about a hundred lay people to talk about a lot of important issues. So for two Octobers, the current Pope And I were both at the Senate. So in that capacity, I saw him, I talked to him a couple of times. He's a very quiet man, very kind of reserved. We talked a little bit about Chicago, a shared background there. I, I was never at a table with him at the Senate, but I, I know someone who was, and he said he was by far the quietest guy at the table, which I thought was interesting. Good sign. Yeah, he intervened. We all had a chance, I think once or twice to speak to the plenary session.


And he spoke, I remember in Spanish. I frankly don't recall what he said, but, so I had a little contact with him, but I don't know, I don't know him that well. What changes do you think he'll make? I don't know, is my honest answer so far. He's made some interesting gestures. I think the fact that he appeared on the logia with the, what we call the mta and the elaborate stole traditional garb for the newly elected Pope Francis Eshu, that famously, so this pope, you know, brought it back. He's used Latin a lot more, which is kind of interesting. I don't know. And they say, what does that, what does that mean that he used? What significance would you ascribe To that? I think it was a gesture toward more traditional Catholics.


You know, Francis would've seen it as a gesture toward, you know, poverty and simplicity. And I think this current pop would see it as what he did a gesture toward the more traditionally minded Catholics that like, you know, the, the liturgy and so on, the use of Latin and all that. Those are little indicators they say he's gonna move back in the apostolic palace. Francis famously moved into the guest house, which is, I stayed there one time during a conference and it's, you know, it's like a three star hotel. So he lived, you know, pretty simply they say that it was harder to protect him there, which I get the palace, it's easy to protect the pope, but this current pope they say is gonna move back in.


So they're all little gestures perhaps, but I don't think we know. The one thing we know would be the name Leo the 14th. The name is always a, a giveaway. And he said it was indeed in tribute to Leo the 13th, who was one of the most consequential popes. And we mentioned already the Saint Michael's prayer, but he had a vision, the 20th century being right, Controlled by saint right. Would belonged to the devil. But he's also the father of the modern Catholic social teaching tradition, beginning with his famous letter called Rum Navarro, which means about the new things. And that's a very interesting letter. Rum Navarro, what does he say? Well, among many others, fierce opposition to socialism, fierce defense of private property, zero truck with Marxism.


That's very clear. And by that time, you know, Marxism was kind of a coming thing by the late 19th century. So very clear on that. On the other hand, it's the first great ecclesial gesture toward unions. That labor unions were good. But it also invoked a principle that goes back to Aquinas, but behind Aquinas, it goes back to the church fathers and the Bible, which is called the universal destination of goods. And what that means is since the whole world belongs to God, ultimately, right? God makes the whole world from nothing, it belongs to God doesn't belong to us. We are stewards of it to use biblical language, right? So Leo said, everyone has a right to private ownership, private property.


I, I own this house or whatever. But when it comes to the use of what we own, he said once the, the requirements of necessity and propriety have been met in your own life, everything else you own belongs to the poor. That's Leo 13th. That's a pretty strong statement. So I I prior property, yep, you gotta write to it, but is your life basically okay? And necessity, propriety, you know, yeah, I'm doing all right. Well then everything else you have belongs to the poor. That the common good should be your primary preoccupation. It was Ambrose and Milan who said, if you've got two shirts in your closet, one belongs to you, the other belongs to the man who has no shirt.


So that's the tradition. And that goes back to the Hebrew prophets, right? It goes back to Amos and Isaiah. Yes. And those people. So that's what that letter is about. And it's echoed by all the popes coming up through the 20th century, including up to Francis, the idea of the universal destination of goods. So it's not, it's certainly, it's against socialism, against Marxism. We like the market economy. That's a basic principle of Catholic social teaching. We like the market economy, but we're not laissez-faire. Anything goes, make as much money as you want. Sort of capitalist Opposed to accumulation of wealth for its own sake. Well, you know what, with Catholic social teaching, I'll put it positively. What it likes is a wide distribution of wealth and power throughout a society.


It doesn't like hyper concentrations of wealth and power. Communist. No. See, that's the thing is, is it's fiercely anti-communist. But because The communist system always winds up with a hyper concentration of wealth and power, Right? And, and the church would never recommend that the government should be the agent of that distribution. Right. It would encourage, you know, mediating institutions and all this sort of thing. Read someone like Tolkien or or Lewis in the 20th century and you'll find echoes of that sort of sensibility. Look at it in the Lord of the Rings. You know, where, where, when power gets concentrated, it's always something bad. Yes. And Tolkien likes the Shire. He likes the small Exactly. Businesses and small homes and all that.


That's reflective of Catholic social teaching. Me too. So I think it's intriguing that this man took the name Leo the 14th, clearly in homage, where Was Leo the 13th? On loaning money to interest, which is the basis of the modern economy in the west. The church has been against it for time immemorial. Now, the, the transition that took place was once we kind of understand the dynamics of, of a market economy better, what it it tends to mean now is, you know, loaning at exorbitant interest or loaning in a way that's deeply abusive toward others. It doesn't mean that in itself it's intrinsically evil. 'cause then the capitalist thing. So how would the church feel about like a credit card that charges 25% interest?


Yeah, I it would be weary of it. Would be wary of it and would want some kind of regulation and some kind of oversight of those things. It prison John Paul too would say the economy needs to be regulated morally and legally. So there should be a moral regulation. And see that comes from the churches. It comes from a clear teaching about the moral life and care for the poor and so on. But also a legal regulation to some degree. He, the best statement of it I think is John Paul. Two, it's called Anos, written in 1991 on the Centi anos, the hundredth year of rum Navarro. That's the clearest expression I think, of the balance of Catholic social teaching.


I think this man is signaling that he likes that tradition. And, and What did he say about usury? He, he didn't talk about usury specifically, but he has a, a a paragraph where he says, do we support the market economy? If by that you mean one that encourages entrepreneurship that is based upon private property that allows even for a profit motive and he goes through various things. The answer is yes. If by that you mean one that is completely unregulated, legally or morally, one that exploits the poor, one that excludes most people from participation in it, then the answer is no. And so he kind of sets the parameters for how we think about the economy. Is that, that feels, I mean, I'm so grateful to the Catholic church for standing up, for life, for opposing killing.


Yeah. Truly grateful and for emphasizing the, the poor. I think someone needs to, yeah, I'm grateful that the Catholic church has never stopped doing that, but I don't hear any conversation ever from normal Catholic clerics about, Hey, maybe you shouldn't, you know, exploit people in business like this. Yeah, We should though. That's part of our social teaching. And, and that's part of where the instruction should come from, is the pulpit, you know, has that broken down generally in our society, probably, you know, so, but that, that's part of the church's job is to, is to preach that clearly. And that's where, you know, that's people like Dorothy Day, the founders of the Catholic worker movement would come in these more radical voices.


But, you know, sometimes you have to shout to get people's attention. And I think Dorothy Day's a good example of someone that she reverenced the Catholic social teaching tradition, but she felt that in certain ways it had been so ignored that it, she needed to shout. Last question, if someone's made it to the end of this conversation and is wondering like, how do I learn more about this religion called Christianity? Hmm. What's a good place to start? It is, it's the risk of being a self-serving with our word on fire materials. But you know, the, the Bible is always the best place. Oh, the, To start Is the best place to start. But you know, I know for a lot of people the Bible can be very difficult.


Yeah. And just trying to plow through it. I, I mentioned the, my, my ministry word on fire. We have the, an addition of the Bible that I think is beautiful. It's full of great artwork, but also it's got the biblical text, but then surrounded by literally surrounded on the page by commentary from the church fathers and the Great Saints and the Popes and so on. So, as you're reading the Bible, wait, I'm, I'm lost. I dunno what's going on. Okay. Read this commentary. That might be a good way for someone to get into it. Word on fire. Word on fire. Yeah. Go back to mass too. I say to Catholics the fact that in our country now, 18 or 19% of Catholics go to mass on Sunday. That's a rotten shame.


Vatican two, at that time, 60 70% of Catholics went to mass every Sunday, like in 1960. Now it's 19. It's pathetic. Go back to mass. The Sex abuse thing played a big role in that, Didn't it? It did, but I, I wouldn't put so much onus in that. 'cause those numbers were really bad. Even before the sex abuse scandal. We were down like 20% in the 1980s. But that has had a deleterious effect on our whole culture. I think people absenting themselves from church. When I was a little kid, it was 97% of Americans would've identified as religious. Right. Well, you saw that Sunday was different when I was a kid.


Sunday was entirely different. Day of the week. It felt different. I agree. People went to church, they stopped going to church and that, that is not good for the society. Bishop Barron, Thank you very much for that conversation. You're welcome. Love to me too. We wanna thank you for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day. We know the people who run it. Good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bells So you never miss an episode. We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter. Telling the truth always, you'll not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell. We appreciate, thanks for watching.