
Th Thank you for coming on to explain this. I mean, I, my one frustration, I, I believe in what the White House is doing. I don't think enough Americans understand it. So, and I don't think there's anyone better at explaining it than you. I mean, you are the trade representative. What about our current system needs to be changed? Why is it important to do this to institute tariffs, to rethink trade?


So, so that's the fundamental question, Tucker, and Thank you for having me on. It's a pleasure to be here. I've been a fan for a long time. Thank you. So I think you have to start with a proposition. Has the system failed? And to me it's an emphatic yes. I think of it in sort of two, two ways. Or one, if you think of the, the way trade is supposed to work, you're supposed to export in toward or to import that, and then you get the benefit of trade. You get actually, you, you do what you do best. I do what I do best, or I do what you do less best. Right? You export, we import and we get the benefit.


We both have higher standards of living. That's not really what's it's evolved to. It's evolved to now where you have a few countries, the United States being the biggest, that have a, an open capital system and an open trading system. And other countries have an industrial policy that is designed not to increase the, the, the standard of living of their, of their citizens, but to gain wealth. So what they're trying to do is, is get wealth in order to get assets in the United States in order to get technology, in order to get all these kind of things that, that make you wealthy. So, so I, so I think of the, the kind of failure points as being one, because this system doesn't work.


We have this giant transfer of wealth from the United States overseas, and that is in the form of trade deficits. And, and the way the system is supposed to work, no one should have large trade deficits for long periods of time. Things can happen. You can do it, You can have trade deficits with one country surplus with another. But the notion of a country having hundreds of billions of dollars of trade deficits every year is not how it's supposed to work. We now are to the point where our trade deficits, they, they calculate 'em at about seven or eight to a hundred billion dollars. If you did it the way you or I would do in a sensible way, you'd probably be at a trillion or a trillion and a quarter dollars.


So that's a transfer of wealth from Americans overseas in return for current consumption. And it has nothing to do with economics. It's entirely the result of industrial policy of other people and are being defenseless. So you ask yourself, what does that mean over a period of time? Why should I worry about that? There's a data point called the international investment position of a country, and that is how much for us all Americans own throughout the entire world versus how much everyone else owns here. That number is a negative 23 and a half trillion dollars. And if you said, what was it 20 years ago, it was probably a negative $3 trillion.


So we have transferred about $20 trillion worth of our national wealth, and I would say the future income of that wealth overseas in return for current consulting. Can You, Can you explain that measurement one more time? It's what we own here versus what others own here. It's, no. So it's how much Americans own overseas, Okay. All over the world versus how much everybody else in the world owns here. And it's a real calculation. It's not something I did. Right. It's a, it's a real statistic. It's been around forever. And, And what would that includes? So, so, so That they own here, So, well, I mean, so they own 23 and a half trillion dollars worth of stuff.


But if you said, what is it mostly, it's probably mostly debt. A lot of it's debt, A lot of it is equity in our companies. Real estate. Those are the principle things that they own. Those are the big, the the big assets. Debt is a big one, but also, you know, ownership and equity, a lot of it portfolio. Now, some of it is foreign direct investment where country act company actually comes in and buys a piece of land and creates jobs, right? But most of it isn't that, most of it is just they own US equities. If, if you think about the United States, for most of our history, particularly since the second World War, we Americans were thought rich, because we own more overseas than people owned in America.


That's what makes you rich. Now we are poor to the extent of, of 23 and a half trillion dollars. Now, this point is an interesting one. In 2003, Warren Buffett did an article on this point, and, And he was worried about the trade deficit because it was leading to a negative net international investment position of Americans. And it was basically transferring, well, the same thing I am, when he was worried about in 2003 the, that the number was a negative $2.3 trillion. So since he sort of raised the red flag on this and said, we've gotta get back to balanced trade, the situation has gotten geometrically worse.


So that's the first condemnation of the current system. And we can talk at, at great length about that if you like. The second is, this system has really slowed economic growth in the United States. So let me give you a point here. If you think from the 1960 to 1980 and then 1980 to 2000 in 2000 to The president, think in those three increments from 1960 to 1980, we had 14 years of plus 3% GDP growth. Alright? Reasonable GDP growth from 1980 to 2000, again, we had 14 years of plus GDP growth since 2000 to now, we have had three years.


And one of those was Covid, which doesn't really count. So the last time we had plus 3% GDP growth was 18 or 19 years ago. And that coincides with this period of, of Uber, some would say hyperglobalization, hyper free trade that came on largely in the 1990s. So, so we've seen the transfer of wealth overseas, were getting poorer. We have seen American have lower economic growth. We've also seen a, a deterioration of our technology, of our technological lead. And there's a number way to think about this one.


Can I just Ask you to pause? We've also seen like a lot of the world's population move here, like the country's completely changed from 2000. Well, but yeah, but the demographics is an interesting point. And, and, and, and I agree with what Vice President Mass talked about the other day about how one of the things about immigration is it does get you dependent on low wages. And when you depend on low wages, it tends to, to stifle innovation. But I make, so I agree with that, but I'm making a little different point. If you think when you lose manufacturing and you lose manufacturing jobs, you also, it slows down your innovation. There was this notion that well will innovate and others will manufacture, but it doesn't work that way.


Most of the innovation is near the point of manufacturing. So what are my data points to suggest that, that, that we are falling behind? All right. First is, we invented the personal computer. Now we make almost none and none without foreign parts. We invented the, the semiconductor, we make now 8% of the global amount. We used to dominate it. We could say the same thing about rare Earth we did in Veta, but we used to dominate that solar panels. We could go through all of these various things, nuclear energy, all of these things where we have lost, not only lost our lead, have basically fallen out of the competition. But, but very, very importantly, the, the Australian Strategic Policy Institute, which is this wonderful institute that's supported by the government of Australia, but also private sector people.


They track 64, what they call critical technologies. 64, the United States is behind China in 57 of the 64. And these are things like AI and robotics and the kind of things you need. And if you said, where were, were we 15 years ago, we were behind in three. So you've seen this deterioration during this period of, of hyperglobalization or hyper free trade or huge trade deficits. You've seen us actually fall behind technologically. But, but the, the fourth, and by far most, most important ramification of this process is we've seen a real deterioration in the quality of life of our working class people, right?


Yes. So the United States, two thirds of American workers have a high school education, only two thirds. So it's not like we're talking about some fringe group on the side. This is the heart of who we are. We have seen these people lose their jobs. We've seen their wages stagnant for, for 25 years with a, there was a bump in trade in, in Trump won. But we're basically back where we were. You've seen them actually have shorter lives. Angus Eaton and Ann Case did a book he called Des of Despair that, that that demonstrated that these people now live on average about eight years shorter lives because of, of, of, of alcohol and drugs and suicide.


When give you an idea, when I was young, that differential was probably about a year. And now it's eight years. We've seen they are poorer. We've seen despair increase, we've seen devastation. You don't have to drive very far in America to see devastated communities. All of this, the result of this failed attempt at globalization, this failed attempt at free trade. And another aspect of it is we have seen, not only our workers been treated very badly, but the distribution of wealth in America has gone just like this. It's, it's one of the great things about America for me, particularly growing up. But I mean, I even you, you're younger, was this notion that we're all middle class now, we weren't always really, but we thought of ourselves.


We definitely pretended it for sure. Yeah. The, the very, very rich would, you know, they were them and nobody cared about 'em. And then the very, very poor, there weren't very many sorry for Weren, but, but most, you know, 80% of us thought we're middle class. And I, I went to Catholic schools and we had people with, with, with, and, and nobody that was really rich 'cause Ville, Ohio. But, but there were people who were relatively well off people who weren't. And, And there wasn't any big difference. But they all ate at Denny's. They all at Denny's, they, they all, they all, they all went to the same clubs. They all played little league together. They all, they all thought of as having about the same chance of success, which is an important point. Now what we have for the first time in American history, the top 1% has more wealth than the middle 60%.


It's never happened before. We, we find kind of combining these th thoughts, and we get this from, from from Angus eatin, we find for the first time starting in 2000 when this, when this explosion took place in, in Hyperglobalization, we find that American children can no longer expect to live longer than and be richer in their parents. That was what we all thought. We're gonna be better off than our parents and we're gonna live longer. That is no longer true. So, and I, and I could go through one data point after another. If you look, when I was in high school, the, the, the top 1% had about 30 times as much wealth as the person in the middle.


Now it's 72 times as much wealth. So this Seems like a recipe for social instability and ultimately for revolution. Absolutely. That what happens in other countries, Absolutely no question. We have this sense that we're immune, I don't agree with that. And this, these crises that I've talked about, this transfer of wealth, the technology, the economic slow economic growth, but mostly the effect on our working people. That is why Ronald Reagan was elected very beginning of this. And we can talk history of that. And it absolutely is why Donald Trump was elected. President Reagan had these, these so-called Reagan Democrats that we all remember that that was the beginning of those people. 'cause that was when the, when we sort of reached the peak, by the time we got to the two thousands, these people were a movement, this populous movement.


And they are the reason that that, that Donald Trump is where he is. And, and, and to his credit, Donald Trump talked about this and worried about this issue since he was 35 years old. This is not, this is the, in my opinion, the essence of Donald Trump. Donald Trump's essence is we're getting, he says we're getting ripped off our, our workers are getting screwed. It's not because they're lazy or stew, but it's because we have a bad system that is hurting them and it's desti the country. And all of these are data points that kind of make that point. And once you realize that, you realize you have to do something, right.


The, the purpose of the economy, first of all, obviously it's national security, but after that it's to distribute resources and wealth. So the most Americans live The best lives they can live. And we have lost that. We have just plain lost it. It hasn't been an accident. It doesn't feel necessarily like we've evolved into this. It feels like we've been guided into this, that this is a result of calculations and an ideology that still exists most prominently in the pages of the Wall Street Journal, which lemme just say is a disgusting, dishonest newspaper. But even if you like the Wall Street Journal, they have a, a very kind of clear ideology, which they've promoted along with almost everybody in Washington, that free trade is the path to prosperity.


And then In fact, it's like a moral imperative. Like if there's something dirty about abandoning free trade. How, what, what is that? Obviously you know a lot about this since you've lived in Washington a long time. So, so I would say first of all, that that I say the Wall Street Journal, they have editorialized against me, my by name more than 30 times I know by Name you Oh, me too. Yeah. So, so well we have that in common too. I say they have the diversity, the editorial page has the diversity of opinion protocol of somewhere between Prav and the People's Daily. Yeah. It is their view. And they keep it.


So, so, you know, why did we get to this stage? To some extent, it, it was kind of misguided to some extent. It was wealthy people pushing it because it was good for them. I'm not one who subscribes to the view that it was people trying to hurt America. I think it was, they just didn't care one way or another. Whether it hurt, they didn't care, for example, who owned America, right? They didn't care what percentage of our global wealth ended up in the hands of our working people. Those were not metrics. What they cared about was price optimization and how much we could consume.


And, and that's the opposite of what people like you and I believe in conservatives and a lot of labor. Democrats believe we have to worry about values and, and preserving what's great in America. We're not interested in sort of the materialism of, of maximizing optimizing prices and maximizing consumption. And that's more or less where that's, there's a combination of that. There's a combination of this financialization of America of taken profit out right away so that a few people get very rich regardless of the effect on others. If, if you think of the evolution, Tucker, it's, it's, and and we could talk, you know, from the beginning of time and, and about trade and how it evolved.


But for our purposes, you would think of it basically as a, a America really from, from the, the early 18 hundreds basically became wealthier and wealthier largely behind the, the American system and Alexander Hamilton kind of an idea of tariffs and subsidies, subsidies in the nation, in, in the nature of canals and roads and the like. But tariffs were a key part. By, by 1870, we, we, we had started to turn surpluses by 1890 were the richest country in the world. All right? And it kind of progresses like that. Now we, and we can talk about that back and forth.


And the re those were almost all Republican presidents during that entire period. Only two Democrats during that entire period between Lincoln and, and, and Franklin Roosevelt. And basically tariffs were a key tool. And there were ups and downs in that. And I can, we can talk about that if people are interested. But we got to the second world war and, and then we had a different challenge. We had to rebuild Europe. We wanted to rebuild Japan for stability. We wanted to fight communism in, in the Soviet Union. These were our motivations. And so at that point, we needed a new system And they developed this new trading system. And the trading system was sort of based on the notion of we'll all reduce barriers, we'll all do better over a period of time.


I would say that was a, at times it was a successful idea. At times it wasn't a successful idea. But, but by the time we got a few, several decades into it, we started seeing people being more and more industrial policy. And, and, and by the 1970s into the nine, late 1970s, we started to see our situation get worse. We started having trade deficits. You'll recall that Nixon in 1971 put tariffs on the whole world in order to decouple from gold. And we can talk about that if people are interested. But there were a lot of things that were sort of signals. And that was kind of the peak by the time we got to Ronald Reagan, as I say, there was already a, a, a loss of a lot of jobs.


There was an unsettling among our working class people, which as I say, unlike a lot of places, it is us. It's 70, 65, 70% of it, it is us. And then, and then you found yourself the, the, the, the Berlin wall fell. There was this notion of the end of, of history that for now on everything is gonna be better. We're all gonna be democracies and we're all gonna have open markets, and there's all this greatness. You can remember, you Know, Frank Fukiama and Yeah. Other morons. Yeah, yeah. They're, they're right. So, so then you found yourself with Clinton in the 19, the end of Bush. It's not, 'cause I don't wanna be totally partisan the end of, of, of, of Bush 41 Herbert Walker Bush, and then into Clinton.


And we have what I call the, like The Trifecta of Stupid, all right? We do nafta, we do the WTO, the Uruguay around that. Yeah. And then the, then the dumbest of them all. We give most favored nation treatment to China. And those things are done more or less in the times of about 10 Years. So Clinton, for the la for the most favored nation status, that was something that Clinton worked. Clinton set it up, but Bush signed it. Is that Correct? No, no. Now, now it passed under Clinton. So, so, so this is an interesting fact. In, in like 1997, I did an article for the New York Times, and you'll recall during this, the, the, the second Clinton election, there was this talk about Indonesian money came into the Clinton.


I remember very well. Yeah. Well, I Johnny something or other. Yeah, Exactly. Was it at the Commerce Commerce department? Yeah. Yeah. I, I did an article which the New York Times published that sort of said, well, what's this about? This is not Indonesian money. It's Chinese money. What does China want? They want most favored nation treatment And they wanna get into the WTO, and if they do, there won't be an American job that's safe. So this is 1997. Fast forward, you have this vote. Clinton is pushing it, by the way, it passes with more Republicans than the Democrats. The Republicans are worse on this than the at, at that time, I believe Wall Street Journal again, kind of learned Yeah. Though, yeah. And then we have these things pass. So we have this trifecta of stupid, as I call it, and then we have 5 million manufacturing jobs lost.


You just see jobs lost wages are basically not going up in real term since then, you know, the rich get richer and the poor, good, poor, and a, a lot of these very bad outcomes for working people, I would say for the country, generally, You can say came at that time. Now if, if I, if you say, was the system deteriorating before then? For sure it was. But this was like somebody just putting it on steroids and acted like, I mean, the only thing that they missed about the evolution of economics was human nature. Right. Other than else they got Right. They just missed human nature as always. Yeah. So, so then you saw very bad things happen over a, over a long period of time.


You got to the point where you had a 2016, you'd had President Trump, as I say at that point, I've been complaining about this general notion since he was 35, since he was a kid. And, And he kind of gets the populist move And he is elected. And then we have, you know, whatever happened in 2020, a covid thing that ends up affecting our election. And now we, we are again because we, we changed in Trump won 1.0 or whatever the computer people say, we changed the way people think about these things. And, And they didn't really change back much in Biden to Biden's credit as people, I think some obvious us people were very good, but overall they, they didn't make a lot of decisions to, in, to, to make better what we did, but they didn't make it worse.


And now we're in, we're in, we're in Trump or we're in a position to actually make substantial changes. But, but the, the, and I know that's what you want me on here to talk about, but the most fundamental thing is the system has failed America generally, and it's failed our, our, our working people dramatically. And that's been going on for in, in a, in a, in an acute state for at least 25 years.


So one of the first things that prisons do to dehumanize the inmates is take away their privacy, their frequent and random cell checks, body searches. They have their mail and phone calls monitored. So if you take away someone's privacy, you take away that person's freedom. Here's the thing, you don't have any privacy when you go online, probably online most of the day. And everything you do is being monitored and sold by data brokers recorded. That's like a random search behind bars. All of this is done in an attempt to profit from you, but it also has the effect of controlling you what you believe, who you vote for. So there's a way out of all of this, and that way is called Express. VPN Express. VPN sends a hundred percent of your online traffic through encrypted servers that prevents data brokers and big tech companies from monitoring everything you do. Just last year, express VPN received over 400,000 data requests from tech companies and Intel agencies, And they did not share a single one of their customers information. No is the answer they give Express. VPN works up to eight devices at one time. It's fast, it's super easy to use. And it's rated number one by top tech reviewers like CNET and the Verge. Right now you get an extra four months of ExpressVPN for free, you to scan the QR code on the screen or you go to ExpressVPN dot com slash tucker and you get four extra months for free ExpressVPN dot com slash tucker.


When life expectancy in an advanced country goes backward, I don't think there's any clearer sign of an emergency. I mean, that's the one thing you can't fake when people die. We are the only G seven country that has a life expectancy of under 80 years. And supposedly we're the richest country in the world, supposedly. It's, it's a, it's a, it's now there's a lot of things contributing to that. Everyone no, of course sees it all their own way And there's a lot of things contributing to it, but It's, but it's an emergency. It's a, it's an absolute crisis. And, and I'm telling you this, this divergence between this income inequality is an, is an, is another real, real emergency.


Oh, I couldn't agree more. It changes the kind of country we live in. It's not the kind of country, I don't care whether you're well off or not, it's not the kind of country you want your children living in. It's not America. And, and we have to do something about it. And, and, and these are, this is, I believe this is the motivation for, for Donald Trump. This is the motivation for the people in his administration who are informed on these issues. Some of them obviously deal with other kinds of issues. It's bad for everybody. It's actually bad for the rich as well as the poor when you have a stratified class system like we're getting, which didn't exist, and by the way, spend three weeks in Australia, which is a country with a lot of problems, but it's still a middle class country and You can feel it in the way people talk to each other in their attitudes.


We're all sort of in this together. You know, you, you do not get that sense in a pyramid shaped social structure at all. And that's the biggest change in my lifetime, is the end of the middle class as a majority and the end of the egalitarian spirit that defined America, that Anglo egalitarianism, which is not a feature of other countries. So no, I I couldn't, I couldn't agree more. It makes me hate the people in charge for ignoring this stuff. Yeah. So what do you do about it? So the the, since the first thing you do is you acknowledge you have a problem. Second thing you do is you put your finger, what is the nature of the problem? The problem is industrial policies of other people. Now, this is a really important point, Tucker, The president and some others will say the tariffs are different.


They're, they're, they're, they're ripping us off on tariffs and for sure that's true. But in terms of what is causing the harm to the global economy, I would say, but particularly to America, the most important thing is not tariffs. Tariffs are the most visual thing, the most, the most the easiest to see. But the real problem goes far deeper than that. So that if you end up with equal tariffs, you will still have a catastrophe for America. It will not resolve the issue at all. So what are the things in industrial policy that tilt the scale against, we would say open markets and free trade and, and fair competition?


Alright. They are everything from the banking system. So in China they have a banking system. They tell you to put your money in the bank. They, they make you have low interest rates. They take the money they can loan it to, to manufacturing at a, at a, at a what we would consider to be a below market rate. And that encourages manufacturing. And they've done that, they've increased that, those loans from $60 billion a few years ago. This is according to the, to the New York Times to, to almost $700 billion in the last year or so. But for a year. So it's the banking, it's the labor system. If you have a system that keeps labor from getting its fair share of the pie, you're keeping wages down because of it be because of the, the, the, the statutory system.


An example of that is this KU system in, in, in China where you can't really move around and be part of the system and get wages, just kinda stay where you were born. But, but there are lots of other ones not allowing unions, not allowing organization. Not, I mean a lot, there's a lot of in the labor law, but it's, it's, it's subsidies. It's denying market access. It's fake, non-scientific standards to get products in. It's, it's, it's value added tax, a tax System. You can and, and explain that a little more fake standards. So, so, so it's one of the big things we have fake is a, see that just shows you that I'm a Trump person, right?


So a person, more sensible person than me would say non-scientific sort of standard. So I mean, you could take a case of a simple case that how long should a, a tractor have to break before it stops? And you could say, okay, fine. You know, safety is a, these aren't making these numbers up. Safety is 40 feet. And, and maybe the Europeans would say, well it's gotta be 10 feet. We have to be very safe. And the, the net of that would be to eliminate products coming in that kind of a standard. So it's oh, or, or, or, or health and safety. For example, the European saying chicken shouldn't come in if you chlorinated.


That is to say when you're done, you put chlorine on it to make sure there's no no microbe organisms. They would say, well that's unsafe. So it's sort of non-scientific standards like that. And there's a lot of them which are in effect trade barriers. They're absolutely trade. Every, everything I'm talking about either basically shifts national wealth from consumers to manufacturers to give them an edge. And the tax system, currency manipulation, there's all these things, these things are, the point I'm trying to make is, are multiples in terms of importance versus tariffs. If we have equal tariffs with everyone in the world at zero, for example, we won't have a middle class, we won't have manufacturer.


'cause all these other factors, we'll give them this unfair uneconomic advantage. And I, you know, we can go through and, and The president, to his credit, in his truth, where he laid this out, he said, it's not just tariffs, it's, it's all these other things. And, and I and the Jameson grid, the USTR is looking at all these other things, but when we think of the kind of migration for me, let me just say was like, okay, we need free trade. And then you said, okay, we need fair trade. The reality is you can't get fair trade because there's too many ways to, to twist it.


What we really need, I've evolved to is balanced trade. We need a system that enforces kind of trade balance, not with countries, but globally. Countries shouldn't be able to be huge surplus countries year after year. Like China, of course being the worst example, but also Germany, Ireland is evolving to that. There's a bunch of other countries we could talk about. Countries shouldn't be able to do that. And, and, and so you say, well how do you achieve that? You really need to put in place, I would say, some kind of tariffs to offset this fundamental unfairness. You're not just offsetting their tariffs. Europe's 10% on autos were two point half percent. If Europe went to zero, we still wouldn't celebr very many cars in Europe.


We just wouldn't, our companies basically make small trucks. They don't need 'em there. I mean it's just, there's a lot of reasons why that wouldn't happen. But what you need, and You can have countries have huge trade surpluses over, over long periods of time. You have to enforce and you have to penalize countries that have surpluses all the time and, and let countries that have deficits all the time get back to balance. If you do that, you then get to benefits of trade. So, so, so how do you get to balance trade? There's, there's, there's basically three ways You can get to balance trade. One is the way that, that Warren Buffet talked about in this, this, in this article. And it's a wonderful article. I recommend anyone to read it.


I would just Google Warren Buffet squander V 'cause he talks about squander V and thrift ville and it's a short article. It's very nice. 2003. Yeah, it was 2003. And, and, And he says what we should do is, is have export import certificates. So in order to import union export certificates, so you wanna bring in t-shirts, you go to a steel mill and say, okay, fine, I'm gonna you export it, I'm gonna buy that. And that would get you to balance. And I would certainly support that. Another way you could do it is you could put, and this is a little more complicated, you could put a tax on the money that comes back. This 23 and a half trillion dollars is trillion dollars. So it comes back every year where they buy us assets.


You could tax that. So that really wasn't worth a dollar. It was only worth 80 cents. In that case, there would be less incentive for people to run up these zero buses. That's called a capital access fee. And there are people that have proposed that and that also would work. And then there's tariffs. So I, I prefer tariffs. One because people understand them. Two, every country in the world has a system set up to deal with tariffs. Right now. They have, they all have the legality, they all have the process of, of how to do it. They're three, they're, they're, they're flexible, you know, You can move 'em around based on need to get to your objective of balance. But any three of those things would work.


And, and I just, I just think, and, and, and obviously the, The president thinks that tariffs are the simplest, easiest, most understood way to kind of do it. And the objective has to be to offset all unfairness and to get moved towards, over a period of time, move towards balance and ultimately have balanced trade. If you had balanced trade, you'd have another trillion dollars worth of domestic GDP, right? I mean, it would be a huge boom and most of it would be, or a lot of it would be in manufacturing and things spun off by manufacturing. And that's what The president is trying to do. He's trying to get us to use tariffs to move towards balance to get a better distribution of wealth within our country so that working people end up with a higher percentage of the wealth.


And we have this economic boom that's gonna come by from, from reducing that, that, that, that huge perennial trade deficit. I I think a lot of people, some people anyway in Washington for sure have given up on the idea that America can be a manufacturing power once again. So, so I think that's, you know, I think that's fundamentally wrong. So the first thing they would say is manufacturing doesn't matter. Do people still say that? Oh, there, there, there are people. Yeah, we're out Outside of a EI Or no. Well, you'd have to, you're in a pretty small group of people that have everything in common except sense.


So, so this is a, this is a, is a view. We people who think like, like I do, and I believe The president in, in this category really think manufacturing is essential. One, the, the wages are better, the benefits are better. People saying the jaw's better for that group of people that, that, that, that are not gonna be brain surgeons and astronauts. Secondly, if you look at manufacturing, it is, it, it employs about 80% of, of American engineers. It accounts for about 90% of private sector r and d.


It disproportionately accounts for, for for productivity gains. So if you go write down the kind of things you use to measure your economy, more and more manufacturing throws off about eight or nine jobs for every job in, in, in manufacturing. And these are good jobs. So, so and finally you need manufacturing to have innovation. You need manufacturing to defend your country without manufacturing. And it's, and that doesn't just mean on this national security issue. It doesn't just mean being able to make bombs and submarines. It means being able to make steel and automobiles and batteries and, and solar panels.


And you have to make all those things to, to, to, to have and semiconductor chips to, to wage war and or to deter a war from happening, which is probably really our objective. So these people who think we're post industrial or just fundamentally wrong, and once again, they don't really, it doesn't bother them who owns America. It doesn't bother them the distributions in the country. And, and it doesn't bother them that we're fling up behind technologically. What they're thinking about is, yes, but we're optimizing consumption. Like if It doesn't bother you, who owns the country, if it doesn't bother what's happening to the people who live in the country, then you know, I think it's fair to assume you have no love for the country.


How did people who have no love for the country end up running the country? Well that's a, you know, that's a good question. One on which I think you and I have a lot of agreement, but on which I profess less expertise than I do on other things. It is, I I think a lot of these people, well some of them just don't like the country because of our history for various, they'll take up a data point in our history and say, that means we're bad. A lot of it take it for granted, you know? But, but, but I'm, once again, I'm not an expert on that. I I I certain I certainly agree with your conclusion. It's it is, it is, it's troubling to me people who are globalists, not only economic globalists, but sort of geopolitical globalists.


Yes. They don't realize that there's a force that wants to take over the world. Indeed, there are lots of them. And those forces, if they succeeded, would be very bad for America. A lot of us who were sort of united in this, in this cold war, particularly in the early years, it kind of brought the country together. We realized we were in a cold war. I indeed, I think we're in a cold war, a second cold war now, but I think the, there's just more fifth columnists than there used to be. A Lot more. A lot more what, how tiny a minority of economists believe what you believe. Like how out of step are you in, in Washington right now?


Well, I mean, so I, I, I basically, you know, people say, why do I think the way I think? And some people will say it's, 'cause you're from Ashton, Ohio, which was one of the places that was decimated. One of a million. What did they build there in your hometown? So, so, so Ash Bule was a, was a great town. It was a, it was a little town between Cleveland and Erie, Pennsylvania. It was a port town. They had steel, they didn't have steel mills, but they had steel fabrication. They made a lot of auto parts. Indeed, at one point the, the fiberglass body of the Corvette was made in Astro Bill and one of the famous, one of the famous things about us.


And they, they brought in ore from the Great Lakes and then trained it down to Pittsburgh where they made steel. Obviously there was agriculture, a lot of agriculture in the area, a lot of machine tools. Yep. Those kinds of things. It was the sort of stuff that was really, really hit first with the Japanese wave that came on and, and which wave was one of the other motivating things in, in President Trump's mind. 'cause he, that was the first thing that we all complained about was, was, I remember Japan and Japanese cars and the like and you know, then it was all Japanese manufacturing.


And once again, I, I just wanna say, 'cause I, and I, and I love Japan. I'm not anti-Japanese at all, but that had nothing to do with economics either. It was, it was, they kept their currency low. They had an industrial policy to subsidize all this. And, And they, we sat here And they took our jobs and now we're seeing that on a, on a, on a far greater scale. But, but Well what's what's your hometown like now? Oh, you know, I cover this in the, in the, in the book. It's, it is, I have to be careful because I love my hometown. But you know, the, the poverty rates probably 35 or 40%. Oh gosh, yeah. The college graduation rate probably 15 or 20%. And, and by the way, by the way, this is not like we are some the, the, the, the, the bottom of the pit.


This is across the country, The whole United States. It's, it's everywhere you go, you see these kind of communities. These were world wealthy people. I, I mean they weren't wealthy people. They were people who were well off. A person could have a job, own a car, pay off their house and support their family. And now they can't do that anymore. And, and, and there's this kind of notion that, well, you know, the other jobs have come back. And indeed in many cases there have, And there was just a study by Gordon Hanson out of Harvard and some other people, other jobs did come back, but, but, but they were jobs at the lowest level of healthcare and the like.


In other words, they they were Did employment come back? Yeah. But the people went from having the kind of job that I described, one that you could support your family and be proud of to one where, where you really couldn't.


Only three things you're absolutely certain in this life. And you know, two of them, first is death, second is taxes. And the third unfortunately is getting ripped off by your cell phone company. If you're a Verizon, at and t or T-Mobile customer, you know exactly what we're talking about. But there is an option You can save a ton every month by switching to the service that we use. It's called PureTalk. PureTalk is an earnest friend of the show And they are the answer. If you become a customer of PureTalk, you get unlimited text talk and five gigs of data, which is enough for most people on the country's most dependable 5G network. And here's the punchline, it costs $25 a month. So the average family of four, we did the math, saves over a thousand dollars a year when they switched to PureTalk, a thousand dollars a year plus it's a great service. Their customer service team is based in the United States. You can switch hassle free in as little as 10 minutes. You even get to keep your phone and your phone number to find out more. Go to PureTalk dot com slash tucker to make a switch and you'll save an additional 50% off your very first month. PureTalk wireless buy Americans for Americans and being proud of your job is a huge part of the formula for a healthy, strong, stable nation.


If there's a huge difference between making something and being a mortgage broker, I'm sorry, Just look at the, the, the, the dignity of work is what is the key But useful work. Yeah. Creative work, useful, productive work. You useful. And, and what I always say, Tucker, is we need a country where parents are hopeful for their children, but where children are proud of their parents and we're losing that. We need, we need that. We need families where, where, where people work and do productive good work and they're proud of the work And they feel, they feel better about themselves And they project that to their children and to the community, to the little league, to all these kinds of things.


These, these people who worked in these factories in Ash Bill when I was growing up, and some of them and some farmers, they were proud, hardworking people who at the end of the day, you know, said My dad, is this my, you know what I mean? It was a, it was a proud health healthy thing. What did your Dad do? Yeah, yeah. My father was a doctor. Wow. Yeah. My father's an interesting story. His, the, the lighthouses, of course there's a lot of us that aren't lighthouses. Right. But the Lighthizer strain came over to the United States in 1748 And there was a guy named George Lighthizer who came over. He was an illiterate from what is now Germany. He, he fought in the revolution. He was two years older than George Washington's, he was an old guy.


He fought at Trenton, he was at Valley Forest, this guy with, you know, at Princeton. He was on the line with two of his kids who were quite young. Wow. All three of them on the line together. He got out after three years, of course, by this point, I don't know what he would've been maybe 48, which was an old, old person. The the, the kids stayed on and fought all the way through to Yorktown. So, so, so fast forward multiple generations and and it's a whole interesting, fewer generations than you think, but I'll tell you, I'll mention that 'cause it's sort of a quirky thing unrelated to what we're talking about, but sort of interesting. But you, you find my father and his brother after that 102 hundred and some years of here were the first ones to go to college.


And both of them went to college and, and ultimately to medical school. And my, my father graduated from college at 29 having worked in the steel mills, you know, before he went to college. And then finally ended up graduating the University of West Virginia and then NYU medical school. So he was a, it was like the, it was like the American dream. How Did he wind up in the town? How'd he have and, and Ash. Ash dula. Yeah. You know, he, he was, they were from Ohio, they were from the other side of Ohio. I think he knew some people in Ash Dula. This would've been, you know, in the, in the mid thirties, right? 1930s. But in terms of this just, it's just quirky thing.


So my grandfather's grandfather, all right. No, I never knew my grandfather at my father's side, my grandfather's grandfather fought in the Battle of Baltimore. That's incredible. In, in 1814. So my, if you think of it, it's just like, you know what it is a bunch of older guys having kids like yeah. One after the other. But it's like one of these kind of weird, I tell people they'll think, what? That can't possibly be true. But it's In fact true. My grandfather's grandfather and that guy who fought, had, had half brothers who, who, who, who, who fought at, you know, in the American Revolution. Amazing.


It's just like a little literally that it's, it is kind of a crazy thought. When are there any lighthouses left? Y you know, there are In, in the town There. No, there are none. None in the town. No, no, there's none of the town. Did you go to high School there? No, I didn't. I went, I I went away to school in, in, outside of Cleveland. Yep. I went to a Catholic boys school outside of Cleveland called Go Academy High School. The guys you grew up with, are any of them still there in the town? There, There, there, yeah. There are some. Not a lot, but, but there are some. It's a, it's a, it's a different world, you know, and it's, as I say, if it was just Ash Jah, who would care? It's, but it's not just Illa. We've gotta care about every American. If It's across the country, it's like this. You go to, you go to Cleveland, you can't go to these major cities.


It's Chicago. It's, you know, it's homage. You go to these cities and you say it shouldn't be like this. And, and the kind of notion Tucker was that we were sort of taught at a period, well it's, you know, the people were lazy or they were in unions and that was bad or that, that the, the, the managers were bad and none of those were true. It was the result of an economic policy largely in other countries. And a defenseless, kind of foolish notion of, of of, of benign neglect in America and, and all of these bad outcomes, other result of this. And it's, and and other things, I don't wanna simplify too much, but it's, it's, it's a sad thing and, and we now have a chance to turn it around and is that gonna create disruption?


Of course it's gonna create disrupt mean. There's never been great change that didn't create disruption, but the price, which I don't think will be great, will be dwarfed by the benefit. If we have people working class people in the middle class again and hopeful and, and, and dignified and staying married and, and innovating and doing the kinds of things that, that that needs, There's nothing I want more than that for the country. And it, You can hear the bitterness of my voice just as someone who spent his life in DC but I just wanna say once again that all of these changes were defended and explained by a whole like, field of academic study in the propaganda that it supported coming from Washington, the free market think tanks.


Cato, a EI especially basically tried to tell you for 40 years as you watched your country die, that this was all good. Yeah. And I do think they should be publicly shamed for that if not held accountable in some way. In some cases it was, it, it, it's, it's, it's a combination. And then I wanna get back to this question about economists at, at some point, it's a combination of that and corporations funding it. Well, of, well of course, of course. No, they were just the instruments, right? Who Literally benefit from it. And you're like, holy cow, why won't, and then you have to try to chase that through the political system. And so you end up with the Chamber of Commerce of the United States in favor of these things that are, that are quite harmful to the people that I care about and that The president cares about.


And, And they, they're, they're not against these things because they help those people. They're, that's just not a function. They're against 'em because the elites, the powers that be, that are benefiting from the system object to 'em. Now, now on your question about economists, there are, there are a growing number of economists who, who see this problem. They don't necessarily agree with me on the solution. Right? But, but, but if you see, you know, ans is one who would say, we have to reevaluate whether the cost of this thing called free trade. Were worth, were worth the benefits.


And that's an important first step. There's a Paul Romer, another Nobel laureate has the same thing, but, so You can go through and You can find various ones. There's a guy named Michael Pettus who's a Carnegie guy who's, who's thought these things through. And his, And he wrote a book 10 years ago called Trade Wars or Class Wars with a guy named Matthew Klein. And it's a, it's sort of, you know, so there is some, some movement, but I don't wanna suggest that it's a light at the end of the tunnel. It's maybe a a, a prick, you know, at the, the a thousand miles away. But, but I'm, you know, I'm hopeful that economists, I've had several of them tell me, well, you're wrong, but you're, you at least realize that, you know, we at least agree with you that things aren't good.


You know, there's, so there's, there's the beginning of people starting to see it because They, I mean the city had a collective heart attack when you became a United States trade representative. I think that's fair statement. The the city and, and the business community. Yeah. The, the business community. Yeah. So you said there were, if you take a system that's been in place for generations, which the current one has been, even if it doesn't work well, even if it hurts your country changing, it is still, or changing anything that's been in place a long time is still a, a major lift. And it has, you know, turmoil that accompanies it. So can you just be more specific about what sort of turmoil you anticipate as this administration puts into place this new system?


First of all, I have complete confidence that The president will do what he said he's gonna do. Right. And, and, and unlike a lot of politicians, he ran on like real substance and big ideas. And this is probably the biggest of the ideas that he ran on. And I think he's gonna follow through on his promises. 'cause that's the most important thing. The worst case would be that he doesn't, so, so what you have to do is put in place tariffs, as I say, to offset not just tariffs. That's a tiny thing. It's, I just keep going back to this point 'cause it's so fundamental. The problem is not just foreign tariffs, that's a tiny part of the problem, but to offset this, this, this unfairness.


So he has to put those sheriffs place. When you do that, I do not believe you'll have inflation. And we should talk about that in a systemic, fundamental way. But you will have people who have supply chains that are gonna have to make adjustments. You've got some things that may go up in price for some period of time. You, you, you, and, and these, all these kinds of things will have an impact on, on people in, in daily life. But I, I think it'll be short termed, I call 'em disruptions. I think it'll be short termed. I don't think it'll lead to systemic inflation. And, and I think that, that the, I have people say, well, what should a businessman do?


And I say, the, the smarter businessmen and businesswomen are gonna figure it out, right? And, And they get paid a lot of money to do that. And they're gonna say, here are the rules. I just, on that point, I've had business people, really smart business people, when I would explain this problem and, And they would say, Bob, it's the government's responsibility to set up the rules. I'll figure out a way to make money in the rules. That's my responsibility. But I shouldn't be doing this social stuff. That's not my job. My job is to, is to, is to make whatever widgets and to make 'em profitably and employ my people. And I think that's kind of an important point. It's President Trump's responsibility.


Now he's The president to, to set in place a system where these good results for our people will come out. And I think he will. So if you, you're gonna have to have tariffs to offset this, this, these, this basic unfairness that'll lead to some disruption over a reasonably short period of time. I think you're gonna see this manufacturing renaissance. These new jobs, wages go up, right? This notion that we're not productive because our wages are going up. I'm like, I had this conversation with someone in the White House early on, and this is in the first term, and, And he was concerned about wage inflation. And I, and I said to him, I said, this is by the way, a person, we're paying Americans too much.


Yeah. This exactly, this is like a person that had his plane and I'm playing it now and I'm sitting here. I, I said, You can guess who it was. Yeah. I said, we haven't had, we haven't had a raise in the middle class in 15 years. And you're worried about wage inflation. I'm, I'm, this is a man with a plane. I'm, I'm playing, I'm, I'm praying for wage inflation. This is what I want. You know, I want these people to make more money and, and do better and inspire their children and, and do all the things you do in a community to make the country. Great. So, so any, anyway, there will be, there will be changes. The whole notion at a, at a micro scale, in my opinion, it's to take more resources from the very wealthy and spread 'em out among the people.


So, so a liberal will say, I diagnose the problem the way Lighthizer does. Let's tax the rich people and give it to the other people. To my idea, that's insanity. What you need to do is devise a structure where these people have good jobs and make lots of money, and that's the way you transfer resources and, and make the country. You don't do it by tax policy or things like that. So what's The president done so far and what do you anticipate he will do going forward? So, so when you think about, about tariffs, you have to kind of think of in two categories. There are, there, there are I think like two buckets. There are national security issues, which you have to deal with.


And if the issue is a sufficient importance to really merit national attention, you should do everything You can to solve that problem. If we were in a war, people would say, of course, do whatever you have to, right? Take over, whatever. So he has some things, and in this case primarily some others, but primarily this fentanyl issue with Canada and Mexico, mostly in Mexican issue. And that's a national security issue. In my opinion. It's not an economic issue and it should be separated from it. Do you think fentanyl is a sufficiently important crisis to merit doing everything You can to solve it? I believe it is. So for me, doing something in that safe space makes sense and The president threatened that and I think we got good results.


That's national security. The bigger question is what, and You can use that tool in other times, but, and the debate is not whether the tool's appropriate. The debate is whether the national security issue is of sufficient importance to, to pay that price, right? So, so then the other issue is tariffs generally to get us to, I would say balance. Some people would say fairness, some people would say reciprocity, but basically to get us to balance, to offset all this unfair, not just tariffs, but unfair practices. And I, I think what you're gonna see on April, on April 2nd is an an attempt. You're seeing the, the USTR and and and the secretary of treasury USTR doing the kind of day-to-day work of secretary of Treasury and secretary of Commerce recommending to The president a a, a series of tariff increases.


And now how the, the form that takes, I don't think it's really been determined yet. I think the direction is the need is, but I think you're gonna have to have a system that says, here are the issues that are part of this industrial policy that are creating this unfairness. And one of them is, as I say, taxes and value added taxes. And if, if people are, so we can talk about that in, in a, in a second. But, and then, and then the notion that The president has is well, we'll tariff people in order to get 'em back to whatever we think of is offset enough to offset their on fairness.


But the, the, at some point, and he's right, of course, but at some point you're gonna have to simplify that because you can't have 4,000 tariff codes in 180 countries in a, you know what I mean? You could, you, you would need a supercomputer to decide what you know. And so at some point there's gonna be some, some, some synthesizing of it to sort of say, okay, if you're in these categories, if you have these things, you get this rate. And that and, and, and, and, and, and the important thing for people to understand, and I tried to explain to people, it isn't like he's gonna say, okay, you're April 2nd now going forward, everything is perfect. You're gonna have to have adjustments. We're always gonna still be here. There'll be mistakes in the way it's made and you're gonna have to take care of exclusions and individual people and work it out.


We did that and, and, and one of the reasons that when we, when The president imposed tariffs in such a grand way the last time, it never happened before. The reason that it didn't blow up really was that we let the steam out of the balloon when we had to, we did enough so that we took care of urgent problems that might have collateral effects, which were not good, right? And so you're gonna see modification, you're gonna see change. So There are a lot of fine motor skills involved. It's not just, And you have to recognize that. You have to recognize and it's gonna be a mistake. You're gonna be made. And, but the problem is here we have to do this remedy and we've gotta get there as quickly as we can.


And another thing to remember is, you know, in the first administration, there weren't that many people who agreed with us, right? As you say, there was the, The president who people, everybody thought was crazy in this area and me who they thought was, you know, maybe crazier, but the Overton window of acceptability has moved. Yes. And so a lot more people understand the crisis a lot. And, and, and in fairness, the data has helped us make our case that, that you have to do this. So I, I think people are gonna be more accepting of it, but you're gonna have disruption. You're gonna have the people who are benefiting now benefiting less and they're not gonna like it. I think that's The best part, You know?


Yeah, it is. You know, you know, there was this thing called concentrated benefits and diffuse payments. This guy Buchanan, who was the economist, and, And he basically talked about the political system and, and, And he said that that that, you know, sort of things happen when the person who gets the conservative benefit, he is more motivated to, to get his way and to push his way through than all the people with diffuse payments. And we've kind of had that system. My hope is that we can kind of reverse that and push back on those people who have had the concentrated benefits and, and, and, and give more the benefits to the people who, who, who until now at least have been, you know, relatively quiet and just accepting of, of a, of a pretty bad hand El Toum.


So of all the, I just wanna go back to the downside for a second. Short term downside of all the potential effects of changing our system to the one that you described, it seems to me that inflation is as, certainly as a political matter and an immediate matter, the scariest, first of all, it's really easy to measure. Second it or it's obvious, I dunno, it's easy to measure, it's very obvious to people when the things they buy regularly become more expensive. So, I mean, I just wanna linger on this for a second. To what extent are we going to see increased inflation because of this? So, so, so Tucker, I think there's gonna be disruption and disruption's gonna have some prices go up, but some won't.


So let's think about inflation. Just the, the way we should think about it, one, inflation is a systemic thing. It's not like your shirt costs more if your pants cost less, you, that's not inflation, that's just a more expensive shirt. So the question is whether it's gonna systemically raise prices, a lot of people would say, including Milton Friedman, that, that, that's really a monetary phenomenon. It's, it's basically monetary policy that's gonna dictate whether everything goes up and That much, much money Print. And, and this is not gonna change monetary policy necessarily. Now someone might say, oh, it's gonna slow down the economy, thus we should lower interest rates.


Someone else will say it's gonna have inflation, thus we should raise interest rates. So it's kind of a conundrum for the Fed. But, but set that aside. The, the notion is that you will increase production in the United States. You'll maintain consumption at about the same, and that will not be inflationary. If anything, it'll be deflationary. So that's our, our idea. There's a model that that, that some economists use called the GTA model, which by the way, generally assumes you cannot get economic growth, that you're a full capacity, industrial capacity and full employment. So if you have a model like that, then that's gonna show inflation.


But I, but I would suggest that the model is not predictive. And indeed the St. Louis Fed made the statement a few years ago that the predictive quality of this model is 0.0%. So a lot of the economists are using a model that that's, that's unhelpful. But so the notion is you're going to increase production and that will happen. And that that is not going to be inflationary. The idea is that inflation is systemic, not individual prices. So you can't just stack stuff up. The other thing is in, in the argument against inflation is that we did it last time in a big way. All the same people said it would be inflationary and we had no inflation, right?


We had 1.3%, so we had no inflation. So they were proven wrong. And then the final thing I would say, if the notion that economists u use, which is that trade barriers create inflation, and that's the basic notion that you're talking about on their side. Why is it that China has deflation and not inflation? Why is it that the country with the most trade barriers actually has no inflation at all? And if you look like at Germany, they have some inflation, but it's less than a lot of the rest of Europe. So it would suggest that there is not necessarily relationship between tariffs and, and inflation. It would Suggest it, I mean, And I, and I would add one other thing.


If you look at the president's program generally, alright, the program is gonna be tax cuts, spending cuts, deregulation, more energy and tariffs. Now even all but a hardcore partisan would say the combination of that can't be inflationary, right? The combination of cutting, spending, getting rid of regulation, increasing energy, those things can't be inflationary. Now some, Well they're anti inflationary. Yeah. They're all, we Have inflation because we've done the opposite. Exactly. We made actually more expensive. That's precisely right. It spend too much, right. That's Precisely right. Okay. China, so you, you mentioned Germany, obviously the beating heart of Europe, it's decided to commence suicide.


So who knows where Germany will be. It's hard to see Germany as like a real threat to our economy. I mean, I can't predict it, but it seems, it seems like it's really a conversation about China. So, so there are kind of two things. One, we have a trade problem and that problem is trade deficits. And it's having all the bad effects that I set on our people and on the wealth of our country. Generally that is a problem that has to be resolved, connected. But independent of that is the question of the geopolitical competition. Exactly. With China. So, so I always start with, you're either on one side or the other.


And I put people in like three categories. Tucker, there are people that study the issue, and I'm gonna go through the kind of litany in a minute, but to set it up, there are people that study this issue and say, China is an existential threat to America. They are an adversary and we have to make change. And I'm in that group and there's another group that studies it and says, China is an existential threat, they're an adversary, but we, we don't need to do anything because it'll all kind of be resolved through this or that. That's a group that was very popular in the nineties. It doesn't really exist anymore. I call it the unicorn group, right? They people who have kind of been proven wrong that it's just you have to do something.


The third group are people that study it and conclude that there isn't a problem. China's not an adversary and there's no, that group is all invested in China, right? So You can kind of divide the world when you think when you're talking to someone, which of these three groups are you in? If you're in the last group, then you are basically compromised person because no rational person can look at the data, look at the facts and conclude that China's not a threat and an adversary. So, so let's look at, Wait, can I suggest a fourth group? What's That might be people who look at the current situation say, yes, China's an adversary. Yes, China's economy is larger than ours. Yes. The future belongs to China. We are not equipped for a confrontation with China either economically or militarily.


And so we have to kind of figure out how to deal with the inevitable. So, so yeah, this is kind of the, the defeatist caucus, right? The one that is the defeat, it's all over for the world. I generally find that group has a very large overlap with group three that I articulate. The people Invested in China, the people invested in China that are already gonna make money. But for sure there are people, but I always say to 'em, you know, you can't say do nothing in the face of a crisis. If you say do nothing in the face of a crisis, then I have not convinced you that we have a crisis because it's irrational.


If you accept the fact that it's a crisis to say do nothing, that's not a rational, well it's kind of Lie back and think of England kind of thing. Like it's gonna happen. So While England slept, yeah, yeah. Although there was a lot, there were a lot of, a lot of differences and a lot of other things going on there. And, and when, when you, when you mention that, I always think of Neville Chamberlain who before he was prime minister was chancellor of the X checker And he, he approved the sale in the thirties, 180 or whatever it was, rolls Royce airplane engines to re-arming Nazi Germany, which I guess on his face like ludicrous.


And his explanation was that trade like religion should know noble boundaries. So while re-arming Nazi Germany was a threat, it was more important that we sell 'em things, even if they're gonna use them to bomb us. I always said, I don't know why, but when you mentioned England during that period, that's the first thing, right? Well it's The capitalist to say the rope. Exactly. People hanging. Exactly. So let's think of why I have this conclusion and a lot of, none of this is gonna be news, I don't think to anyone who's listening, but one, China has the biggest army in the, in the world and they're growing it. They have the biggest navy in the world. They are militarizing the South China Sea in a way we haven't seen since the second World war.


They're, they're claiming shoals building, you know, 18 of cement and having places that You can militarize and, and and land boats on. They they are, they are asserting territorial claims all around them. I mean it's, it's, it's not just Vietnam and Philippines, but it's also Japan. And, and You can just go all around them. They are engaging in espionage on a scale. We haven't seen that. The FBI says they start a new Chinese espionage case every few hours And they have thousands of them. They have sur suborn perjury from two sailors about last year and and a month ago, two army officers to, to, I'm not pery, but espionage to, you know, to, to sell secrets to 'em.


They are building nuclear silos all over the place. They have their diplomatic wolf warriors go around and do whatever they think is gonna be disruptive of the United States. They're building military bases around the world. They, they, they have things like this thing that's on the news now and this, you know, shipping company at either end of the shipping facilitate either end of the Panama Canal. So I mean they're, they're gathering data. They're engaging in, in economic warfare with the United States in terms of slow technology and technology transfer and all the kinds of other things of which we are aware they are funding the war in the Middle East. They're funding the war in, in, in, in Europe, just without question.


It's, it's their money. And in they're, they're selling all the fentanyl that least the precursors of all the fentanyl that comes into the United States. And, and it's not like the people that are selling the precursors for the fentanyl are, are an odd group. They're big companies in China that are doing it, I would suggest with the approval of the Communist party. 'cause they don't have the problem at home. So if you sort of set aside the diplomatic, the military, the economic, you put all these things back to back, it's, and then you look at their own words where they talk about change, not seen in a hundred years and prepare for war and all these kinds of things. It's pretty clear that, that their view is they should be number one in the world.


Their view is the world is better off with totalitarianism politically Marxism and, and economically communism. Right? This is their, their their scheme and, and that we're in their way. This is their objective. They've, there's this centrality of China runs through their history for, for, for, for 2000 years. That, and, and, and we are a problem. So, so for all of those reasons, you have to realize we have a real existential threat and we have to do something about it. And the first thing you do is you stop transferring hundreds of billions of dollars of wealth to people that they're using to build technology and, and military systems to defeat you.


Right? That's the first thing you do. And we are doing that. We are transferring, we're transferring hundreds of billions of dollars in trade deficit. We are transferring hundreds of billions of dollars in stolen technology. We are, we, we are transferring money through, through this fence all crisis that we have. If you look at all of these things, you have to stop that, right? It's, it is, it is, you know, like the first thing you do is you stop, stop digging when you're in a hole. So what we need, I would propose is not no economic relationship. I'm not for decoupling, but I think we need strategic decoupling. I think we need balanced trade in areas that benefit America.


I think we need independent technology going forward, made with American, with Americans allies. And then I think we have to regulate ingo and outgoing investments so that it's in the interest of the country. So I think we need a heads up kind of a policy. We can't keep going on the direction. I I agree. They also bribed the last president, if I could just say very obviously, which is kind of a big deal. It's been ignored. How do we regulate investment in China? Well, so the first question I would say, how does China regulate investment in the United States, right? They, they have a state body that says this is in the interest of China, therefore You can invest in the United States 'cause you're gonna get data or technology and inbound investment if you try to invest over there.


They got people who sit there and interest in interest of China or them, And they just stood in this India, China. So we, we really need a, in terms of inbound investment, we need to take cfius this group, this, this, this, this group at the Treasury department and expand their mandate and fill it through of haw Rich. You can't invest in Iran, you can't invest in Russia, you can't invest in Venezuela right now for America. Well, You can only invest in China if they determine it's in China's interest. No, But I'm, I'm just saying like No, no, exactly. We Do have all kinds of control, but we, we have about where Americans can invest their money but they don't apply to China Now. And you're saying they should, Well I, for for sure there's suicide, right? The inbound has to be strengthened so that they're not buying, buying into things where they can get data, which they can use to, to, to, to feed their AI or, or, or technology.


Not just military technology. I would say any high technology and then outgoing, it should only be investments that with that, that are in the interest of the United States. Yeah, for sure. We ought to, we we we have to do that. What what's going on now is you have a group of people on Wall Street who make money by funneling money to China. And that's, those people don't, I don't know which of the three groups they're in, but You can guess. But, but for sure those people have to be stopped, right? We have to stop that. And I'm not saying no investment in China, but it has to be something that's in our interest, not in, in China's interest. The howling that will occur if you try to restrict the ability of American citizens to get rich in China will be really loud.


So, so I don't really think the people who get rich in China are, are people who, who take your money and, and, and bring it to China, right? In other words, the bankers and the like, then there are people who manufacture to sell in the United States or in other places in China. And that group, that group interesting, all has a a half-life because as soon as China gets their technology, they don't need them anymore. And then they squeeze 'em out of the business. I, I could give you any number of, of cases in, in nuclear and there's a, a company called Balk Corporation, which makes, you know, containers and you know, you know, they were the biggest in the US then the biggest in the US and the biggest in China.


Now they're the biggest in us. They're not in China at all. And the Chinese have competitors. And I could give a hundred examples of that. So people can temporarily make money there while it's in their interest for, for, for you to do it. But once you get to the point that the, the Chinese say, now why exactly am I giving you a piece of this action? When you get to that point, you're on the way out. So I, the, the, the, the, I guess I have two things. One, the, the people who, who actually are making money are sort of financial advisors if you will. Manufacturers will do it for a brief period of time until it falls off. And then the other thing I would say for sure there's gonna howl, but, but I always say it's a little bit like undertakers being against cancer research, right?


My view is, so what you're against cancer research, right? It's bad for business. You're absolutely right. How do the financial get rich in China? Well, I I mean they get a fee for, for, for bringing money to China, right? So, so it's like they do anywhere else, right? They they, they sell bonds. Yeah. They, they facilitate investment And they get a piece of the action. They're politically powerful. Yeah, there's no question about it. I have no Question about it. If you were to this, obviously just broad strokes here, but if you were to radically reduce the amount of manufacturing that American companies outsource to China, could you take up that slide?


How long would it take to, to replace that manufacturing with manufacturing? Well, but that is gonna happen with, with with tariffs. They are In fact coming back that manufacturing is gonna come back. So it's gonna have that effect. And I think it'll take relatively less now it's all not coming back, right? Some will go to other places and my own view is that it, going for example from China to Mexico could very well be in the interest of the United States. None of it's a Chinese company doing it. But I mean, when a, when a a US company brings a facility from China and puts it in Mexico and plays Mexicans, that's more in my economic interest as an American. I Think that's right. You know, a stable Mexico is in our Exactly.


In Our, and I think that sort of thing will happen and is happening. Yes. That's not to say that we don't have a crisis down there of Chinese investment. And we can talk about that several if in Mexico, if want in Mexico. Yeah. It's a huge, huge problem. And Will you explain that? So, so, so, so what has happened is we, we renegotiated U-S-M-C-A and tightened it in a bunch of ways and, and really created the most pro manufacturing pro-America a trade deal in history, right? We, for the first time, The president was one of President Trump's great accomplishments. The first time anybody had ever renegotiated a big agreement, they were sort of thought of as eternal, like, like marriage or, or religion or constitution or something.


We, we, we renegotiated it at the same time we put tariffs on China, right? Unrelated, but we put tariffs on China. So what China was trying to do is figure out a way to get into the US market without paying the tariffs. Now a logical way to do that, it would be to move stuff to, to, to Mexico. And, and as part of that process, they are infiltrated the Mexican infrastructure. They're, they're, and the numbers are quite large. It's, you know, billions and billions of dollars of investment by China and, and, and its rhodium group and others who have studied to say the numbers probably six or seven times what the public numbers are.


So it's, it's hundreds of billions of dollars of investment. The purpose of this really is to ultimately get to the US market, but also to sort of infiltrate the system in Mexico. And I would suggest it's very bad for the United States and it's very bad for Mexico, and ultimately the president's going to have to deal with it. And I think he's aware of that. This is a, this is a freight train coming down the road. So if you take Chinese content and just, you know, substantially transform it, just, you know, paint it or something and then bring it to the United States, that's very bad. So you've seen increases in Chinese exports to Mexico of 50% a year for a number of years.


And, and a lot of that I think is fine against wind, the United States and is dislodging other sensible investments. So Chinese, But giving China some control over Mexico. Oh, that's no question. And, and the, The president of Mexico seems to understand that at at least to the extent You can in their system. So we, we, it's a big problem. I mean, and it, a lot of it has not come on stream yet. So it's huge auto investments, it's a lot of things that, that they're doing that haven't even come on stream yet that are gonna come down like a, like a look and load down the, the highway and, and it's all bad and we have to do something about it. And, and, and the reality is probably that's gonna be tariffs and it's gonna have to be, it's going to be some way that you, that you separate like US companies and and neutral countries, like companies like the Japanese who are operating down there and abiding by the U-S-M-C-A and this whole Chinese infiltration that's coming in.


One Of the things I've learned from traveling is that a lot of other countries like dealing with China, because they're easier to deal with, there's no lecturing about democracy or transgenderism rights for various groups, whatever they don't, they don't feel as manhandled as they do by, you know, their experience with American government officials. Would it be helpful for the US government to take a less hectoring tone around the world? Well, obviously, first of all, they also like China Doom and China in many cases because they don't have a foreign corrupt practices act. Well, Exactly. Yeah. And, and, but, but I mean to some extent it's because they, they can influence you in ways personally.


So there's, there's a lot of what's going on in this belt and road is going in there influencing local officials who then take on great amounts of debt, put in a Chinese infrastructure. Of course it goes to hell. So of course. So some of the advantage that China has is just pure old corruption, right. That we wouldn't wanna be a part of. It's it Is, but we also, it seems to me, hamstring ourselves by our posture toward other countries, like it is very off-putting to have American officials come into your country and start telling you that you're like, ancient way of life is immoral. No, no, no, for sure. People don't like that. And, and, and that's, that's it's, I mean it's counterproductive and wrong. So I I can I completely bullish, Right? Yeah, Yeah.


I wouldn't invite someone like that to dinner at my house. No. So to one of President Trump's ideas, I don't know if it's been fully articulated, but it's very obvious from watching is that we can reestablish some sort of economic relationship with Russia once this war is resolved. God willing, could that happen? To what extent could that benefit the United States if it did So, so, so first of all, you know, the, the, the amount of time that I spent worrying about Russia in the trade and economic sphere was minimum. Right? Right. I'm sure, I'm Sure. Yeah, of course. They're small there, you know, there are small, you know, they have GDP more than Canada and they're basically a, you know, a people would, you know, kid into basically a gas station right there.


They're an energy producer and interest. And there was a time when they were also very much at the cutting edge of technology. But that, I think that's kind of waned. And, and you know, depending on, once again, this is sort of a little feared from where I'm an actual expert, unlike everybody else. I actually identify when I am and when I'm not. Thank you. I find it. God bless you. It's helpful to me, but not other people. But, but, but, but I, I, I do believe that depending on how the war is resolved and it will be resolved, right? I mean it's just, there's no question the wars are not eternal anymore than trade agreements should be. But, but when that happens, I think you will see economic relations, you know, reestablished.


That'd be flabbergasted if you didn't. The reality is that there will be demand, there will people that can sell. There are things You can do, but a lot of it is how it is resolved. If it's resolved in a way that Europe and others view themselves as still more or less being at war, then you're gonna have a very slow recovery economically. If you view themselves as like an we've turned a page and we're in a new deck, than my guess is you'll see people move more quickly. Yeah. The Europeans are grudge holders, I've noticed. Okay. You said you've, you're trying not to be partisan. I think you've done a great job. 'cause not all of these are partisan questions, but in practical terms, what do you assess the chances of the democrats, any Democrats supporting Trump on this program?


So it should be really good. Let me, let me just say, it Should be, I mean, traditional Democrats would've supported yeah, Labor de remember there's Democratic party is a bunch of different things. Like we are, I guess, and Labor Democrats should do that. Re remember when, when I was, when I, I renegotiated the U-S-M-C-A, The president and I did, and then I worked its way through Congress and during this toxic time of impeachment and all of this, we worked it through for months and months and months in Congress. And then the final analysis got 90% of the Democrats and 90% of Republicans to vote for it in the house and in the Senate, it's one of these things that people don't remember, but it was, it was, you know, whatever the hell, we had 385 votes in the house for it.


I mean, and It was, that's incredible. Yeah. It's, and people don't give us credit for that, but it's, it was like historic. And so they're impeaching The president voting for maybe one of the biggest parts of his legacy. And, And there were a lot of Democrats, particularly in the house who were key to that happening, who I didn't, I don't know how I missed all. I'll tell you, I'll tell you a story. We have John Lewis, who was obviously like president, all but who I admire as a, as like the la he was then the last living civil rights person and someone who I greatly admire. And actually I actually brought my, my senior political staff to meet him just, And they were just, you know, odd by him just, And he talked for 45 minutes about the civil rights movement and just sort of say this, you are the last person that's gonna be able to talk to the last person who did this.


But, but he made the statement, for example, he said, you know, I fought NAFTA with every, every bone of my body. I fought it as hard as I could possibly fought, and I never thought we'd have an opportunity to correct it, but now we are, and I'm supporting this. So there were, he was there, you know, rich Neal who's the, the, the, that who was then the chairman of the, of the Ways and Means committee. And Nancy Pelosi was a, was a supporter, but there were a lot of rose of the law. I mean, very hard left people who, who realized what we were doing was for working people and that was their constituency. So I think there is hope Debbie Dingle has spoken about this recent, I think there is hope, but it tucker it requires sales. It's not like you have to go up and actually do the retail work.


I, I spent, I spent a huge amount of time on, on the Hill when we were doing this, a huge amount of time. I addressed twice I addressed the caucus of Democrats in the house, the actual, their, the, the caucus, you know, once with Rich Trump, the head of the F-L-C-I-O, just he and I, and took questions from the, from the Democrat. I'm sure that no one else in the, probably any very many administrations from a different party has ever done that. So it, it, it requires sort of doing the spade work, but I really think it's worth it because this change economically is so important. It has to be bipartisan, it has to be acceptable.


I'm not saying don't do it unilaterally, Mr. President, using existing law. I'm not saying that 'cause I, I'm not Pollyanna, I think it would be very hard to pass something. But you do want labor Democratic buy-in because that's how you make something permanent, is you have the, the, the smart people, the caring people, the ones who care about working people, and there's lots of Democrats who do lots of them. Getting those people to buy in I think is really, really important. And sounds achievable. So last question's about markets, equity markets, the s and p, the Nasdaq, that seems, I mean that's the main measure that the media used to gauge the health and trajectory of the economy, as you know.


So I mean, there are shows on TV just about markets. Do you think that's an accurate measure? So the, the answer is no, and it's particularly true in the short term, right? Because the, the, the markets are affected more by the Fed than they are, right? O other things. I mean, the market's basically affected as much by, you know, they, they're have interest rates go down as it is anything else, I think in a general way That's kind of, can, I suppose that's, that's a little weird actually. Markets are supposed to, equity markets supposed to reflect the value of the companies in which you buy equity, right?


So it should be like, the measure should be like, how's the company doing? Right? And it's very often it's, it's, but It's kinda weird for the Fed. It's, it's macroeconomics. Yeah. What the notion sort of is that, well, if it rates go down, you're gonna have economic activity increase. So it's not crazy, but it, it, it's sort of off centered. I, I mean, to me, long term, it's fair to say what will the markets do, right? Right. Will the, will these companies become richer under this system? American companies become richer under the system. The measure, the metric for me is did workers get richer? That's the metric for me. But if that happens, it should be reflected in the market.


And I, so I think looking at a short term is very disruptive. Very destructive, not right. Looking at a long term makes some sense, but it's not my metric. My metric after national defense, my metric is do most Americans do, do relatively better? And if they, in real terms, and if they did, the country is better off and the economy has done what it is supposed to do. I, I actually, this is a sort of in, in, in, in 1996 when, when Bob Dole, who I worked for, you'll remember, and his chief of staff, And he was chairman of the finance committee. I, I wrote a speech that sort of made this point that, look, the purpose of an economic policy is to generate wealth for the mid midsection, the richer they'll take care of themselves, the poor you have programs for, but you wanna take, this is the, the purpose of it.


And it was funny, I got all the smart people with all this resentment in, in wanting me, wanting to have him make the speech, which he agreed with, right? He was a populist Midwestern guy. And finally I think when it was all over, and we didn't really have a shout at the end, he just said, I just gotta keep Lighthizer from grunting, so I'll give the speech. And he ended up giving it. So was he a good guy? He Was a good guy. Bob Dole was a good guy. He was a, you know, it's funny, there's like, there's kind of like different Bob Doles when you live to be 97 or something, you have different, you know, you have the young Bob Dole, I didn't know. And he went to war and got blown up and then kind of gritted his teeth and fought back. And he lived in the basement of his house so they could rent the upstairs, you know, so they could live.


And then you have this guy in the middle who was the guy who was maybe the legislator of that time, the number one, you could make the case for a few other people, but I could, You can make the case for him being the number one legislator in that midpoint in American history. And then you have this older guy who, who, who, who, you know, who got the Eisenhower memorial done and got the World War II and did all these wonderful things in this led different way. So I had this middle, this guy in the middle, And he was a tough, hard, good conservative guy. And I obviously was, had enormous amount of affection when, you know, stayed close to him his whole life. Wow. Bob Lighthizer, that was an amazing tour through the past.


And I hope the future and Thank you for doing that. Well, Thank you very much for having me, doctor. I'll, I'll put this in my, in my ed, I was on Tucker's podcast, that'll be in the ed. And it was just one suck up question after Mr. Leiser, you're a very handsome man. What's your secret? No, I just agree with you and I'm just so grateful to hear someone explain it clearly for non-economist. I think it's very important. I think it's been neglected and I hope this helps. Great. Thank you. Thank you. We wanna Thank you for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day. We know the people who run it, good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bells.


You never miss an episode. We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter, telling the truth, always you, you'll not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell. We appreciate it. Thanks for watching.