
Ryan Reynolds here from Mint Mobile with the price of just about everything going up during inflation, we thought we'd bring our prices down. So to help us, we brought in a reverse auctioneer, which is apparently a thing. MIT Mobile Unlimited Premium wireless. How they to get 30 30 bid? Get 30 bid to get 20. 2020 bid. To get 2020. Maybe get 50 15 15, 15 15, just 15 bucks a month sold. Give it a try at mint mobile.com/switch. $45 upfront payment, equivalent to $15 per month. New customers on first three month plan only taxes and fees, extra speeds. Lower above 40 gigabytes of detail.


We wanna announce something big that we've been working on for months now. It's a documentary series called Art of the Surge. It's all behind the scene footage shot by an embedded team that has never before seen footage of what it's actually like to run for president. If you're Donald Trump, they were there at the Butler Township assassination attempt, for example, and got footage that no one has ever seen before. And it's amazing. Become a member at Tucker Carlson dot com to see this series, Art of the Surge. Meantime, here's our latest episode with Calley and Casey Means. Okay, so I actually think this book is gonna, I never say this, but I mean it, I think this book is gonna have a big effect on the course of the country.


And the reason I think that is because you two are the perfect people to write it. And so, I, I never do this, but I just wanna start with your bios. So your siblings, Casey and Calley, you're happen to have grown up in the same neighborhood as me in Washington, like blocks from me. So I know the world that you're from. You're writing about food, nutrition, the regulatory bodies that are poisoning the country. You are a lobbyist and you are a Stanford educated physician. I just want to go through quickly each one and starting with you. You are a doctor. Yes.


Tell us the progression of your thinking on this and what it did to your life. Yeah, absolutely. So, trained at Stanford Medical School, then became a, trained as a head and neck surgeon on Undergrad at Stanford, also undergrad at Stanford Medical School at Stanford. Then went on to train and had a neck surgery. Yes. Nine years into my postgraduate training. How, How did she do in medical school and college? Did well, was president of my Stanford class, you know, graduating top of my class with honors in medical school, and went on to a very competitive surgical subspecialty head. Okay. So I'm just saying that, 'cause normally I dismiss credentials out of hand, but these are real credentials and they, they matter, I think, to your credibility. Okay. And I did what every good little medical student, you know, wants to do, which is climb the ranks of that academic ladder.


But, you know, You can, and you killed It. Did well. Yeah. Yeah. You know, and I killing it. I got to the top of that mountain, right? Nine years into my postgraduate training. And I looked around me and I realized that, you know, patients in America are getting destroyed. Children, adults, the elderly, you know, you're, you're so distracted in your little surgical subspecialty focusing on the ear, nose and throat where I was. And you get distracted. You look around at what's happening in Americans, and our health is getting worse every single year. Patients in America are getting much sicker every year, more depressed. We're getting infertile, and life expectancy is going down in a country that's spending almost two x more than other country in the world. So, Before we get into the details of what you did tell us, I mean, of why you did what you did.


Yeah. Tell us what you did. Yeah. So you spent your whole life working toward this goal. You reached the top and then you, you decide not to do it. Yeah. You know, I'm in the operating room in my fifth year of my surgical residency, and I'm looking down at a patient in front of me who's on our third revision sinus surgery. And, you know, I know how to diagnose her. I know how to write the prescriptions, I know how to do the surgery. But what I kind of realized in that moment was like, I have no idea why this patient's actually sick. She has so many other health issues, prediabetes, arthritis, she's got some brain fog, she's got obesity, and she's got this sinus issue. And in my training, you know, I was never, ever, ever taught to look at the whole patient, to look at how all these things are connected. And I was only taught how to, you know, do the surgery and then bill for it.


And I realized that there's a huge problem in how we're practicing medicine right now, which is what we're ignoring the root causes of why Americans are sick. And we're profiting off of patients getting sick and then doing things to them. That's the way the business model of healthcare works. You know, the most, the way that healthcare, which is the largest and fastest growing industry in the United States makes money, is you have more patients in the system having more things done to them for longer periods of time. And when I kind of put some of these pieces together and realized that my training had totally, essentially incapacitated me from really understanding why patients are sick and, and how to actually help them thrive, I actually had to walk away from the surgical world because I realized that I was gonna be making money off of essentially not spending time helping patients understand their health and actually just profiting off their illness.


So I lost, So nine years into medical training Yeah. At Stanford. Yeah. You gave it up voluntarily. I, on my birthday, 30th birthday, I walked into the office of my, of the chair of the department, and I put down the scalpel and I, I walked away and I devoted my life to why are Americans getting sicker every year? Why are 50% of American children dealing with a chronic health issue? This was less than 1% 50 years ago. Why is our health getting destroyed the more that we spend? And that's What I, so what did they say? When you walk, walk into your colleagues at Stanford and say, I'm giving it up at 30. You know, it wasn't really a conversation. You know, I, I knew that I couldn't cut into one more person until I understood why Americans are getting sicker every single year.


I think that the unfortunate thing is that doctors don't really understand, because every level of our education is systematically focused on blinding us from thinking about root causes. We are, we have over a hundred medical and surgical subspecialties right now. And you know, how you make money in the American healthcare system is you take a patient with 10 different issues and you send 'em to 10 different specialists, put them on 10 different meds. Maybe they have eventually have 10 different surgeries. You never actually are taught how to put the pieces together. Look at the whole body as a system, which of course it is. And part of this is because, you know, who are the people underwriting our medical education? It's the pharmaceutical companies. You know, the, these, we are learn, we are taught how to be very algorithmic and robotic and how we look at patients.


And so, ultimately, I left the surgical world and I went down the rabbit hole of asking why why are we getting sicker every year? It's just such a radical move Yeah. To do something like that. Yeah. I mean, Your whole life, you're working toward a goal and then you give it up. Yeah. After nine years. Yeah. You know, this is the thing that was I understood, and that I am working and we are spending our lives to evangelize this book, Good Energy, is that the reasons why Americans are getting sick, sicker every year are very simple. Americans want to be healthy. Americans do not want to die early. They do not wanna see their kids with all these chronic health issues like autism and food allergies and obesity and pre-diabetes, and 40% of teens with mental health issues.


No one wants this, but the system is rigged against the American patient to create diseases and then profit off of them. This is happening across almost every level lever of our major industries, from processed food to tech to pharma. And so really what, what Americans need to understand is that these trends can stop immediately. We need to understand why we're sick, which is our, our primarily our toxic food system, and the ways that systematically several industries are profiting off of our addiction and illness. And if we can understand that and create very simple, top down and bottom up strategy to address it, Americans will become rapidly healthier. And so as a physician, you know, I took an oath to do no harm, and I took an oath to help patients thrive.


And so the way that we can do that is by helping people understand the levers of, of, of, of corruption that are essentially keeping us sick. I, I guess the reason I'm pressing you, and you're the sort of person, I mean, this is a common clear doesn't wanna talk about herself, which is great, but I think it's relevant because it speaks to the intensity of your commitment and to your sincerity. You're giving up the prize, you're giving up the money because you really believe this. Yes. And I think it's, I just wanna establish that at the outset. Thank you. Before we say anything more, so, you're her brother, you're very close. I happen to know that. And, and you're obviously proud of your sister president of class at Stanford's. The kind of thing like, oh, my sister's at Stanford, she's at Stanford Medical School.


She decides not to practice surgery. The most impressive of all specialties. What's your reaction to this? I, I, I called her and said she was a complete idiot. I mean, we were raised in Washington, DC right next to you, kind of conditioned to climb up the ladder. of course, what to Stanford. I went to Harvard Business School, you know, that was what life is about. Just kind of get collecting those credentials. Casey, you know, research at the NIH as we talked about, top of her Stanford med school class. To me, that was, that was it. And truly, and you hit on this, she had no, I mean, this is, this is her life. This is her identity. of course. This is everything to her. And she bravely stepped away with no plan, just from a moral obligation.


And I thought she was a complete idiot. And what I know now, and what I've been radicalized on, is she has convinced me that this is the most important issue in the country. It's an issue of corruption that starts at Stanford Med School being 50% funded by pharma and not training doctors on one nutrition class, Stanford Med School, Harvard Med School. 90% of med schools don't offer or require one nutrition class. Doctors simply aren't learning why people are getting sick, which we would all assume they do. 80% of course, loads in pharmacology. It's on how to take people that are getting sicker and sicker and manage those conditions not to cure them. And that's a huge problem. 'cause that dynamic of the largest industry in the country is destroying human capital.


So On a, as your sister is on one end Yeah. Of the equation. You are on the other. Right? So you both have, you know, you're from a, a community of strivers, that's what DC is. Sure. Exactly. And merit badge gatherers. And you've gotten two of the greatest merit badges ever, right. HBS, Stanford Medical School, but you're all of a sudden finding yourself in Washington. Do, can you just explain your background a little bit? Yeah. So I, I just, Casey was a bit smarter than me on the biology route. I wanted to be contributing to politics from an early age and went to Stanford to, to go back into politics, studied economics, political science, went straight back to campaigns after school. What I learned quickly is that, that then campaigns over, you work for the biggest spenders in DC and I found myself across the da the desks from food industry and the farm industry.


The farm industry spends five times more in DC than the oil industry by far the biggest spender, bipartisan, you're working for pharma, but starting with food, I learned early on that the food industry, and this is my construct, the food industry and the processed food industry was created by the cigarette industry. And I think this is very telling. It's something I learned. So in the 1990s, the two largest food companies in the world were RJ Reynolds and Philip Morris. What happened is, when the surgeons general way too late in the 1980s said cigarettes were maybe problematic, these were some of the largest companies in the world with the largest cash piles of any company in the world. So they, what they did is they used their cash piles to buy food companies. You know, we think about the eighties as the Wall Street era, m and a, you know, a lot of deals, the two biggest m and a deals, up until 1990 in world history were cigarette companies buying food companies.


So you had, in the nineties, these two cigarette companies very strategically do two things. They shifted their thousands of scientists who were experts at making cigarettes addictive to the food department. So we had the rise of ultrapro food, where our food now is a science experiment. The second thing they did is they shifted their lobbying. So the cigarette industry, of course, was the biggest, you know, lobbying spenders and very, had a good playbook. They shifted their playbook on lobbying and rigging institutions of trust to food. So they created the food pyramid. So the cigarette industry, through the food and companies they bought, paid off the FDA, the USDA Harvard to create reports saying sugar doesn't cause obesity.


And they lobbied for the food pyramid in the 1990s. We all remember, which said, you know, animal-based fats are bad, carbs are good. Remember, carbs and sugar were basically the base of the pyramid. So the American diet, because of that, because we trust our medical institutions, which they know, we shifted our diet significantly to ultra processed food. It was very intentional. The food pyramid, that was a ultra processed food marketing document that carbs were fine, sugar was fine. And that shifted. And you look at dietary patterns today, kids, a child diet is 70% ultra processed food. Now what does that mean? Right? Those are literally foods invented by the cigarette industry to addict kids.


You know, obviously we've got sugar, but there's thousands of different ingredients and science concoctions that scientists work in a lab to make it more palpable, to make it more addictive. So food consumption, calorie consumption is skyrocketed. And the byproduct of these toxic ingredients that the cigarette industry I watched and helped with this bought off the USDA, bought off the FDA is they wreck havoc among ourselves. The, the foundation of our diet is ingredients that we aren't biologically made to eat that didn't exist a hundred years ago. The foundation of our diet is three things. When you look at any label, it's added sugar. Processed sugar, which basically didn't exist a hundred years ago, is just from natural sources, ultra processed grains, which were invented a hundred years ago. The processing tapes, the fiber off, they're basically hidden sugars, devoid of nutritional value and seed oils.


Seed oils are the top source of American calories. And this is actually dust seed oils at the top. Yeah. Source of American calories, soybean oil, canola oil. This is the baseline of American calories right now. And these seed oils were actually created by John d Rockefeller as a byproduct of oil production. It's basically engine lubricant. And the Rockefeller. And, and those aligned with them actually lobbied to have this suitable for human consumption. That's how seed oils came into the American diet. They're much cheaper, but they're highly inflammatory. And just by definition, just at the highest level, these ingredients and all the chemicals we can't name that are in ultra processed food, are not natural ingredients that our bodies are made to handle.


So there's, as we talk about in Good Energy, this produces a lot of side effects to ourselves. The food industry isn't trying to kill Americans. They're trying to make food cheap and addictive. And what I learned, you know, in the morning meeting with the food companies trying to lobby and influence the USDA, being the lifeblood of nutrition research, paying off, you know, nutrition research at Harvard and Stanford as a junior employee, shocked by that. So you saw that, oh, oh, my first week, you know, as working for these industries, it was a list of top professors. And the, the food industry pays 11 times more for foundational nutrition research than the NIH.


You go to any nutrition school in the country, the lifeblood of their school, they'll, they'll proudly admit thisis from the processed food industry. In the past two years, there's been 50,000 peer reviewed research studies on nutrition. We're the only animal that has peer reviewed nutrition studies. And we're the only animals that are systematically obese, diabetic, and being crippled by metabolic dysfunction. We're born with an innate cent of sense of knowing what's right for us. The problem very strategically, and this is well known among the industry, is that Ultrapro food does, because they're able to do this science experiment with their food, it hijacks our biology, it hijacks our satiating signals, you know, high fructose corn syrup, fructose. It makes us want to eat more.


Because in the wild, you know, when you see a bunch of fruit out there, you know, you're well advised to eat it. You know, historically, we, we've basically rigged our biology to hijack our signals that, you know, make us satiated. So that's what ultra processed food does. So that's the food industry. Okay? The food industry actually with their own set interests wanna make food addictive and cheaper. It kind of makes sense. The criminal devil's bargain is that it's highly tied to the healthcare industry. And as Casey said, the fastest growing industry in America right now isn't ai, it's not tech, it's healthcare. It's the largest and fastest growing industry. And just as a statement of economic fact, the best thing for that industry is a child getting sick.


When a child gets sick, or any American gets sick with a chronic condition with diabetes, obesity, kidney disease, heart disease, whatever. They go on a lifetime medication, they go on the metformin, they go on the statin, they have lifetime treatments and they keep racking up. More comorbidities. If you are diabetic, you have an average of four other comorbidities. So you keep racking up, but you don't die. You just suffer. You inevitably get infertility, depression, you start racking them up. So that's very good for the medical system to have these chronic conditions that need to be managed just from a pure economic standpoint. That's how the system's set up. That's all happening largely because of our food system and other metabolic habits we can talk about, but largely 'cause of our rise of ultra processed food that's really, really hacking ourselves and really hijacking ourselves.


The criminal part, the devil's bargain, is that the healthcare system you'd expect to be speaking out about why we're getting so sick. But they're not only silent on the reasons they're not only train Casey the first day of Stanford Med School, that we're basically taken it as a given that people are lazy and gonna get sick. We're just gonna profit from treating them. They, they're silent and that they're actually complicit working for Koch. I helped steer money to the American Coca-Cola. Yeah. Working for Coca-Cola. They actually pay money to the American Diabetes Association. They actually pay money to the American Academy of Pediatrics. If there's one thing, the American Diabetes Association, which sets the standard of care for diabetes management to be doing, they should be saying, we're not gonna accept money from Coke, which is diabetes water.


They accept money from Coke. So there's No, well, that's like Tyson chicken subsidizing peta. Right, right. You know, it doesn't kind of make any sense. Sense make, It doesn't make sense.


For 35 years, Liberty Safe has been the number one manufacturer of safes made in this country. American made from start to finish. They make high quality gun safes. I've got one vault doors, home, safes, handgun, vaults, whatever you need to protect the things you value. And again, I can tell you from personal experience, these guys know what they're doing. I use Liberty Safes for the things that I don't want stolen, the things that really matter. My father shotguns the documents that I've gotta have and a lot more. I'm not gonna tell you what else, but you need one. Prime rates are way up. And if you have anything you would like to protect you, you need to protect Liberty Safes is the way to do it. Now. Liberty Safe has over 350 dealers nationwide who specialize in delivery and installation and answering any questions you have. If you've got somebody to protect, they've got a way to protect it. Visit liberty safe.com. Pick out what you need, and be sure to use the code Tucker at checkout to let them know that we sent you, they'll take care of the rest. Liberty Safe is a product we fervently believe in. With liberty Safe, you are always protected.


The land down under has never been easier to reach. United Airlines has more flights between the US and Australia than any other US airline. So You can fly nonstop to destinations like Sydney, Melbourne, and Brisbane. Explore dazzling cities, savor the very best of Aussie cuisine, and get up close and personal with the wildlife. Who doesn't wanna hold a koala? Go to united.com/australia to book your adventure.


How do you feel Great on vacation. Like really good, easy. You go to Aruba, you'll spend your time relaxing on cool white sand beaches and floating in healing blue water. You'll immerse yourself in natural wonder and find your center on an island where things move at your speed. You won't just feel great, you'll feel relaxed, renewed, and ready for life. That's the Aruba Effect. Plan your trip@aruba.com.


Hey, it's Kimberly Fletcher here from Moms for America with some very exciting news. Tucker Carlson is going on a nationwide tour this fall, and Moms for America has the exclusive VIP meet and greet experience for you. Before each show, You can have the opportunity to meet Tucker Carlson in person. These tickets are fully tax deductible donations. So go to Moms for America, US and get one of our very limited VIP meet and greet experiences with Tucker at any of the 15 cities on his first ever coast to coast tour. Not only will you be supporting Moms for America in our mission to empower moms, promote liberty and raise patriots. Your tax deductible donation secures you a full VIP experience with priority entrance and check-in premium gold seating in the first five rows, access to a free show cocktail reception, an individual meet and greet and photo with America's most famous conservative and our friend, Tucker Carlson. Visit Moms for America, US today for more information and to secure your exclusive VIP meet and greet tickets. See you on the tour.


Wait, so can I, okay, so, okay, thank you. So you work for Coca-Cola, you were at Stanford Medical School and both of you have converged on what I think is a kind of evangelism. I say that as a compliment. And this book is the result of that. What can, can you just give us the, the baseline condition of health in the United States? Yes, Absolutely. So the word I used earlier destroyed is not hyperbolic in any way, shape or form. 74% of American adults now are overweight or obese. Close to 50% of children are overweight or obese. 120 years ago when someone was obese, there were case reports written about it.


Yes. Literally there were people in the circus if, if you had obese Sideshow fat. Yeah. It was so unusual. It was so unusual. It is now 74% of our country, 77% of young adults are unfit to serve in the military because of these issues like obesity. Now, let's talk about diabetes. 50%, a full 50% of American adults have pre-diabetes or type two diabetes, which is a fundamental issue in how ourselves half the country, half the country Tucker, have pre-diabetes or type two diabetes. And 30% of teens now have pre-diabetes. This was a condition that no pediatrician would've seen in their lifetime. 50 years ago, 1% of Americans in 1950s, in 1950 had type two diabetes.


We have 18% of teens with fatty liver disease, a disease that used to be in late stage alcoholics. Cancer rates are skyrocketing, and the young and the elderly young adult cancers are up 79%. And this is the first year in American history. We're estimated to have over 2 million cases of cancer. 25% of American women are on an antidepressant medication. 40% of 18 year olds have a mental health diagnosis. We have the highest infant and maternal mortality rate in the entire developed world, despite sending two x on infant and maternal care than any other country. So you have a higher risk of dying as a woman giving birth in America than any other developed country in the world.


Autism rates in kids are one in 36 nationally. This was one in 1500 in the year 2000. And the screening has not changed in California where I live. And the screen and the, I just wanna linger on that. And the screening has not changed. So in 20 years, the definition hasn't changed. No One in 30. But the incidents Has Changed from one in 1500 in California, one in 36. Right now it was one in 1500 in California. It's one in 22. One of the worst states in the country for autism. So this is just a smattering. What is the hell that and, and all of these conditions, I mean, and I could go on and on, autoimmune diseases, infertility is at peak rates.


I mean, I don't know how, this is not front page news. Infertility is going up 1% per year. Sperm counts are going down 1% per year since the 1970s. Sperm counts are down, continuing Drop, Continuing to drop. Oh, At an increasing rate, our bodies are Crying out for help. 26% of women have polycystic ovarian syndrome. Now, the thing that people need to understand is that all of these conditions are caused or driven by the exact same thing, which is metabolic dysfunction. This core foundational issue of how our bodies on the cellular level function, which is driven by our toxic food system and our toxic environment, these subtle insidious forces that are creating slow progressive illness starting now in fetal life, that allow patients to be profitable and on the pharma treadmill for their entire lives.


They make us sick, but they don't kill us. And then we are drugged for life. You look at what's happening in children, a a child born in a hospital in the United States today, within an hours of coming from source into this, you know, into this body, the first thing that happens to them is pharmaceutical intervention without really asking, you know, I mean, there's barely con informed consent about this. That child's eyes are smeared with erythromycin ointment and they're given a hepatitis B vaccine in their first day of life. And what are these two things for? I mean, this, I, I mentioned this because it's, it's just emblematic of how we are put on the pharma treadmill from the moment we are born in this country.


For reasons that are very strange. The erythromycin ointment is to prevent chlamydial infections of the eye, which we test women for chlamydia. So why would every baby in the United States need this ointment if the mom doesn't have it? And the Hep B vaccine is for hepatitis B, which is a sexually transmitted disease and IV drug user disease, of course, which babies are not gonna be exposed to. And yet every single baby in America is getting the intervention. So from the literally the day we are born, why on This treadmill, why so, I mean, why not test the pregnant mother for those? They do. Okay. So they give it to the women who even if they have tested negative, they give it to Babies, which should be the overwhelming majority. Absolutely. So I don't understand. Why would you treat a child on his first day of life for illnesses?


You know, for a fact he doesn't have it isn't gonna get, So this is what I saw working for pharma. So let's, let's get out of the passion of this debate and just talk about the economic incentives. Let's take the Hep B. Okay. There's actually no dynamic at American capitalism like the vaccine schedule. 'cause the second you get something on that schedule, the government's paying hundreds of billions of dollars for a product that's then mandated for every single American living. So just from a, I'm just speaking again, not, let's not even get into the efficacy of vaccines. We're talking math from an economic, I'm talking math, working with the pharma industry. It's a huge economic imperative to get more and more vaccines on the schedule.


You couldn't watch the Olympics this past couple weeks ago without seeing just add after add for actually new vaccines. This is big business, right? Hundreds of billions of dollars. And again, once you get it approved, what happens? It's paid for, for everyone. And you have the most trusted institutions in the world calling anyone a war criminal for even asking a question about it. So this is well known by the industry. And can I just say, so we, this will appear on all kinds of different social media platforms, but maybe the biggest is YouTube owned by Google. And this, they will censor this. They will demonetize this video. J just so far you have not attacked vaccines. No. But you are showing evidence of some skepticism of their efficacy or the need for them.


And YouTube will demonetize this video for what you just said. You are a Stanford educated physician, but YouTube has decided you're not allowed to See this. And I would, and I think this is a such an important conversation. 'cause I'd ask everyone listening if they can still listen to this. Is why is YouTube, why is the media, by the way, YouTube and the media heavily funded by pharma. Pharma is the number one funder of mainstream news media and one of the largest funders just demonstrably just factually, it's just a fact for YouTube ads, you can't watch a YouTube video without seeing pharma ads. So just like their funding and have a direct line, as we talked about this last time, working for these industries, we paid tech companies, we paid media companies not only even to influence consumers, but to have a direct line to them.


It's part of the public affairs strategy, right? We know that if we can fund a large part of YouTube's ad budget, we have a direct line of communication to those companies. And then we have studies from Harvard that we've paid for too, saying that it's anti-science to say anything that questions our products, which we can jam down the throats of the people that we now have a direct line of communication to. This is All part is, right? So the direct line is not to consumers. That's of lesser concern. The di direct line is to the media company. So You can affect censorship. That's right. Just as, as again, as an economic fact, you know, 80% of NIH grants have a conflict of interest. There's very little conflict of interest rules for academic studies. So the game is clear. You fund the academic studies and you have the seal of Harvard, the seal of the NIH, you know, saying that these products, these pharmaceutical products are perfect.


And then you use those studies to influence the tech companies and the media companies that you've also paid and have a direct line of communication that there's misinformation. Let's get back to Hep B, but I just wanna make one macro point. It's the selective outrage. Why are we so concerned about talking about vaccines? Why is it such an impetus from our trusted institutions that you are a horrible parent if you even ask a question about 72 shots to your kids? And why isn't there that level of urgency around childhood nutrition? WW what? Or childhood chronic disease Or childhood chronic disease. Why is it, oh, we can't possibly expect parents not to load their kids with a bunch of sugar and all these toxin greens.


And by the way, those people can't a afford whole food. It's, it's, it's actually racist in class. As Steven suggest, people should be able to afford organic food. We, we can't possibly expect parents, you know, to have non-toxic food. But oh, when it comes to pharmaceutical interventions, there's no price too high. And if you don't follow it to a t you're a terrible person. Why is it when we have nine out of 10 killers of Americans, our preventable lifestyle conditions, when 95% of medical costs go towards reversible chronic conditions? That Casey's talking about. Why IST there, that urgency of the medical community educating parents about why people are getting sick and, and really the only vitriol, the only thing that's being censored, the only thing that's being enforced in the top down is absolute adherence to pharmaceutical products.


Why? During covid, which was a metabolic condition, you know, this was an, this was a disease that attacked weak immune systems. This was a disease that only killed people that were overweight or metabolic. Dysfunctional Americans died at a much higher rate than European or, or, or Asian countries. Why wasn't there the same emphasis on hardening up our immune systems and attacking the root cause of that? And it was all the airtime was around a pharmaceutical solution. This doesn't actually make sense, but, but, but it, it gets to the money. So working for the pharma companies, there's just nothing better than getting on the vaccine schedule. And that should not be a controversial comment, right? If you have a list of drugs that are mandated for every single American and pay for that government, you wanna get on that schedule.


So there's a battle. Why? It's a controversial comment. It's, it's not allowed, it's a verboten comment. You're not allowed to say that. They will demonetize this video for what you just said. And I would ask, what does that tell you? I would ask the media companies and ask YouTube to have the same passion for childhood chronic disease and nutrition as they do for enforcing unanimity on pharmaceutical injections for kids. So Just to, oh, I, amen. I couldn't agree more. It's infuriating. It's worse than that. It's evil. Again, video just to monetize, worth it. But let me ask So to the specifics of the hep Yeah. B shot.


Yeah. That I'm sure all my four children had it, right? I didn't even know any We had it. We had it. Yeah, we had it too. of course. Yeah. What is there a, I mean, just take the other side Yeah. For a second. Yeah. Like, is there a reason that we would do this? I, I pushed, I, I and I, I I welcome any doctor to respond. As I pushed leading medical experts on this, I'm like, okay, so a child's born, let's just take the side, the child's born. Hep B is spread by two routes, sexually transmitted disease or intravenous needles. So my one day old isn't gonna be having sex or doing heroin right away. So what's the purpose of getting this on the schedule in the first day of life, the first hours of life.


And if you push, and I welcome anyone to do this with their doctor, you get to two things. You get to the American patients are too stupid to remember. So we need to do it right away. That's literally like what they say. And then my doctor told me that, that a child at daycare could trip over a needle that has hepatitis B on it. That's literally what they get to. That a needle could be on the playground that somebody just did heroin or something, threw the needle down and has hepatitis B blood on it. I asked the doctor, has there ever been in human history a case of hepatitis B being transferred that way? They said, no, it's only through intravenous needles and sex. So you actually to, to just to steal man this, and again, welcome any anyone to respond. There's not actually scenario absent of intravenous needles or sex that a person gets Hepatitis B.


There is not a reason for this to be given. But it happened, and I saw this, it was a huge investment for this vaccine. It was a huge, huge economic problem. And this shouldn't be controversial. Think about being at these drug companies. You want the drug given out when you've made the investment. So they're able to work with their buddies at the FDA, they're able to use the studies, they're able to, there's this constant feeling in the medical community that the American people are too stupid to ask a question or too stupid to remember to take these important drugs. So there, there's this argument in momentum to get on the schedule day one, but there's no, there's not actually a medical restaurant. And We haven't even discussed, I mean, I think you have proven the point that there's no good reason.


The flip side is, are there good reasons not to take it? So let me just ask you, as a physician and a woman of childbearing age, what's your view? I mean, there's not a single medication that exists that doesn't have side effects. And where there's not some, you know, range of things that can happen when you inject something in the body. And for the Hep B vaccine in particular, I mean the two of the handful of inactive ingredients are formaldehyde and aluminum, which is a neurotoxin. And of course they'll say like, oh, for the body weight of the baby, it's negligible, whatever. But when you're getting several shots at one time, these things make a difference. You know, our bodies are overwhelmed right now with the amount of toxic inputs that are going in and they're breaking our bodies, right? And so, you know, if it's not necessary for the vast majority of kids to have this at birth, and you could give it to them when they reach teenage years, right?


And they're much bigger and their bodies can handle more of these, you know, these chemicals and, and toxins that are in these shots, then you have to ask yourself, why are we exposing the whole population to potential risk that any pharmaceutical medication will have a risk of side effects if it's not necessary? And that's a question that I think every parent should be able to, to ask. You know, but you know, like Calley talks about you follow the money. It's, it's, it's, it's pretty sinister. I mean, you look at the American kind of pediatrics and like, who are their main funders? Mead Johnson, who makes formula? The company that makes influenza vaccines, Abbott Nutrition, which makes formula, you know, these people are funding the organization that picks cherry picks the research to make our pediatric guidelines.


Okay. So there's hundreds of thousands of papers that are published every year about the importance of nutrition and exercise and sleep and avoiding pesticides and avoiding plastics in our foods. Just tens of thousands of papers every single year. But what goes into the guidelines, which are created by professional organizations like the American Diabetes Association, the American Academy of Pediatrics, who are funded by things like processed food companies, pharmaceutical companies, and then of course in the case of the aada a people like Coca-Cola and Cadbury. So, you know, people will always say, Cadbury, the chocolate Chocolate company has hundred million funded millions for the American Diabetes Association. So come on. Absolutely. This is, this is just, I I I just wanna say, 'cause I don't want to ever sound judgy or pretend that I have good eating habits because demonstrably I don't, they make great chocolate bars.


Sure. They know they're awesome, but, But they shouldn't be probably influencing our diabetes guidelines, right? I mean, Probably. Is that real? You're sure That's true. I am. I am certain that is true. We could, we could all, and as a Bush should be funding, you know, alcoholics Anonymous. It's just like, it's just like, I don't, these companies should exist. But you know, we, we, we follow this cult bury cult of evidence-based medicine, right? Which is that we follow the guidelines, but the guidelines cherry pick research from the canon of scientific literature that's out there. Which is why when I was in medical school, there were just huge swaths of the science that I wasn't seeing. But so Can I just ask a, a very fundamental question. Why would we follow the guidelines rather than the outcomes? It's a great question. So You just said at the five minutes ago, you were outlining this terrifying and sad and catastrophic series of stats describing the total collapse of public health in the United States.


That's right. And so who, who cares what the guidelines are? Doesn't anyone just sort of zoom out for a second and be like, all these kids have diabetes Yeah. Which leads to dementia. Like this is a, this is not working, right? Did no one say that? Well, That's, I mean, the question it's not working is the question I would basically put in front of every doctor in America. Like if you're not looking around you and just scratching your head and saying, what the hell is going on? Yes. Then you are profiting off of this crisis. You know, and I want every single, the most dangerous thing You can do in America right now obviously is ask the question why? So, you know, I understand about anything, about anything, but you know, this, this just a point to kind of a answer your question about why is this happening? Why aren't we following outcomes? It's institutionalized to not actually focus on outcomes because the business model of the healthcare system is volume.


It's how many patients can you see not what their outcomes are. We are paid for volume, not outcomes. Now Did you see that as a surgeon? I I'm going, yeah. So absolutely. I mean it's, it's, it's how many chart notes can you write and bill every day? That's why doctors are seeing 30 to 40 patients a day with 15 different diagnoses for each one. Obviously you can't help that patient thrive and get healthier. All You can do is write the prescription because we are paid for volume. And the unofficial mantra of all doc, and That all doctors must know that. All doctors know, the unofficial mantra of private practice medicine is you eat what you kill, which means you get paid, you eat for how much volume You can do, how many surgeries You can sell, how many people You can get through in and outta your office.


Now, back in when Obamacare was coming about, they were, you know, which was an really an utter failure. There was lip service that was paid to this idea of value-based care. Okay? Which sounds great on paper, right? So value is good outcomes over lower cost. This sounds great. We'll get paid more as doctors if we have better outcomes over lower cost. What is the highest value intervention You can do for a patient? Get them to eat healthy. Doesn't cost a lot. Has incredible outcomes universally, right? Get 'em to sleep, get 'em to exercise. We would've moved towards that. But even that was corrupted by corporate interest because how the doctor had to report on quality was through these metrics called mips. Basically, you know, merit-based incentive little criteria.


And they were, most of them were based on how many of their patients were medicated. So instead of a doctor having to report quality, as I have a patient who got better, who got healthier, which we expect it was, how much of the patient population was on long-term medication. So the actual good outcome was defined by medication adherence in a practice rather than is the patient reversed of their disease? Every disease I saw. So it Wasn't the actual outcome. So it wasn't the outcome. The outcome, outcome ended up being how many of the patients took meds. So even with lip service to good outcomes, it's not a healthier cell, it's a medicated patient. Those are two different things. We did not learn that in medical school. Well, can I ask you, I mean, again, I don't wanna get too personal, but like, what about the doctors that you were trained with or served under who trained you?


I'm sure a lot of 'em are good people. I know all of them are smart, great people. Yes. Like the things that you're describing would be pretty easy for anyone with an IQ over 80 to notice, right? They not notice this. Like, what is that? There's Several aspects to it. You know, I think that because med school is funded by pharma, you know, when I was at Stanford Medical School, we got a $3 million grant from Pfizer to revise our curriculum with. And You can look up the articles from this time. It was around 2011 that the, the grant was with no strings attached. They had no control over what the curriculum development was gonna be. But you know, you're accepting $3 million from Pfizer. of course it's gonna have an influence on what we're learning, you know, and The dean received consulting payments as well, actually.


Yeah, the dean, the dean during her time, Philip Pizo was a pain specialist. Pfizer was the one of the largest opioid makers. And he received direct consulting payments from opioid makers. And that year that they received that Pfizer grant, he was appointed, which I was actually involved with. I was working for Farmer at the time to an NIH panel to make opioid guidance with the, with the Bur in crisis. He selected that panel. How can you have a more prestigious person than Dean of Stanford Med school? Nine out of the 19 people he selected were directly paid for with consulting payments from opioid companies. And that panel in 2011, 2012, recommended more relaxed opioid standards and said that the idea of addict addictiveness was overblown and led to an increase of the curve in opioid deaths.


And, you know, we're talking a lot about the opioid crisis right now, JD Vance talking about it. What's just, you know, destroying Appalachian and large parts of American America. What people don't, I think, realize is that the majority of opioid overdose deaths started with a legal prescription. Yes, that's right. So that's how it works. So I wasactually helping but It, it's sort of hard to hear that and not, again, one, one doesn't wanna be judgemental. However, that seems like criminal behavior to me.


Here's something you may not have known. Back in 2015, the Congress of the United States repealed something called the country of Origin Labeling Act. Now why is this relevant to you? Well, it means among other things that when you buy beef at the supermarket that says made in the USA, it may not actually be, in fact it could be likely is from a foreign country. It means that repackaging foreign meat can be enough to get the maiden USA designation. It's a lie. It's an absolute lie. Most people don't even know what's happening. So how can you be sure that the meat you're eating is from the United States and has been raised with the highest quality standards and is the tastiest it's truly made here? Well, it's simple. You can go to our friends at Merriweather Farms. Merriweather Farms is an American small business. It's based in Riverton, Wyoming. We know the people who run it and they're great people and they have great meat. They ship the highest quality meat, raised free from growth hormones and antibiotics directly to your doorstep. It's delicious. We eat it a lot, including at this table. These are Americans, these are American made products. And because they're cutting out the grocery store middlemen, their prices are actually cheaper. 10 to 30% cheaper for the best meat. They're the real deal. Again, we eat that meat at this table from Riverton, Wyoming. They're the best. Merriweather farms.com use the discount code Tucker and you get an extra 10% off. Again, that's Meriweather Farms, M-E-R-I-W-E-T-H-E-R farms.com/ Tucker. It's worth it.


Hey guys, Josh Hammer here, the host of America on trial with Josh Hammer, A podcast for the first podcast network. Look, there are a lot of shows out there that are explaining the political news cycle, what's happening on the hill to this, to that. There are no other shows that are cutting straight to the point when it comes to the unprecedented lawfare debilitating and affecting the 2024 presidential election. We do all of that every single day right here on America on trial with Josh Hammer, subscribe and download your episodes wherever you get your podcast. It's America Trial with Josh Hammer.


You know, for the doctors, all the education is just targeted towards having, you just have one hammer, right? You have one hammer, which is your prescription pad in your surgery. You don't have any other tools in your toolbox, right? Because from the very beginning, from the very way that we're even taught about the body, it has been corrupted. Right? It has been. It's rotten. It's rotten the way that we're, it's wrong biologically how we're thinking about the body. But you even look at the med school curriculum. Can You tell us really quick how Well, in the sense that we don't learn any, they're not 80% of medical schools don't have a single class on nutrition, and yet food is the cause of nine outta 10 leading causes of death in the United States. So you were saying that even to zoom out a little farther, you were saying at breakfast you put it so, well of course I can't remember it exactly. You were saying that medical education disconnects the body into its components Yeah.


But doesn't address it as a, as a connected thing. So This is the point that's gonna potentially create insolvency in our economy and, and ruin us as a species is this exact point, right? It's, it's, It's not that the stakes are high Is that we have convinced people and doctors that the body is a hundred separate parts. The body is one system, one unified system. Obviously something happening in your toe can affect everywhere else in the body. And yet we have essentially brainwashed people and doctors to believe that specialization is king. Right. What is the most prestigious doctor? Right? It's someone who is hyper subspecialized. Yes. We basically diminish the value of primary care and pediatrics, these general specialties. Yet someone who's a neurotologist is like at the peak of the lab.


What is that? It's literally someone who did my residency. So five years of head and neck surgery residency and then two, two additional years just focusing on two square inches of the ear to focus on the, the ear basically and do surgery of the ear. That is the dean of Stanford right now. The dean of Stanford medical school is a neurotologist. So the more specialized you get, the more prestigious you get. And what this does is it creates a system in which we actually start to see the body as a hundred different separate parts. And we lose sight of how all of these things are connected. We lose sight of the research that's telling us how all these diseases are connected. That the diabetes that's happening, all your bo all over your body. Actually we know that type two diabetes greatly increases our risk for hearing loss.


But a neurotologist doesn't really wanna think about that. They wanna operate on the ear, right? And so you, you lose sight of the connections and you get a patient in 15 different specialists office. So many Americans are going through this right now where you go to the primary care doctor with 10 issues and you end up with 10 different referrals to different specialists. And no one has any education time or financial incentive to think about how all those diseases are related. So what you do is you have specialists reacting to the symp, the symptoms happening in different parts of the body rather than anyone understanding how to think about how it's all connected. Which, when you go down that road, when you start asking why, you realize extremely, extremely simple that all aspects of modern American society are rigged against the American patient to get us, you know, addicted to food, allegiant to pharma, and just spending 10 hours a day on our phones addicted and now we are all sick.


Our bodies are breaking and it's leading to all these organ specific symptoms that are related to a very simple root cause. Can I Just press you just a tiny bit? Sure. You hate this. I know. And this, why did you come to that conclusion and none of your colleagues did. I just, I think it's really important, yeah. To understand why certain people see obvious truths while everyone else is including smart people are blinded to them. What about you allowed you to connect these pretty obvious dots? Parenting Parent, how, what did your parents do? My parents, our parents focused on incentives. Incentives are everything. Incentives are why Americans are sick right now. If we changed the incentives, we'd get healthy in two years.


Our country would be the most competitive country in the world. My parents' incentive in our family was to ask questions, not to have any stars or marks or anything, you know. So what was celebrated in our family was sitting down at the, at the dinner table in DC and asking questions and poking at ideas. We were celebrated for thinking about things in a bigger picture that is not, you talked about this with Tim Dylan on your recent podcast, the Boomers, you know, they just want the stars for their kids, you know, to just ri to get all these little badges. But that was not what was celebrated, my fiance, why We, we developed our own compulsion to climb up the ladder. But it was always instilled, like ask Questions, add value.


You asked questions we never think for yourself. Never felt Actually like our parents were that happy with rising up any, it was like, are we being good people ask. And that was really instilled in us. Did they have a, like a, a moral like explicit moral center? Like this is right, is wrong. I think they were very spiritual people. Yeah. You know, we were raised with spirituality, we were reading, you know, sacred texts and the Bible and Rumi and Anne Rand and all these different things from a young age discussing it at the dinner table, thinking about philosophy, And. so that was what was celebrated. So They were not conformist to some, when I quit my surgical residency in my fifth and final year, after hundreds of thousands of dollars Yeah. Into my education. My parents threw me a party.


They were asked, no way I am. They came. No parent would do that. No parent. They, they were so, and they never told me to quit. Hundreds of Thousands of, they Absolutely, they were so proud of me for coming to my own conclusions and seeing it. And I, there's a lot of Even those, so the incentive for parents, in least in DC where I raised my children, is to tell people in your neighborhood, your friends, oh yeah. That you have a daughter who's a Stanford educated Doctor. They never pushed us to go to Stanford. They never pushed us to even, they never, I never once ever, in our entire childhood, they said, you need to go to your college counseling meeting. Ever, ever. They were about having fun and thinking we were, you know, they were in, they were older parents too. You know, my parents were in their forties when they had us.


They lived lives. They were not living through us. They were spiritually grounded. They're not afraid of death. You know, they, they don't, they aren't driven by the materialism that just makes you rack up a wall full of, you know, awards. It was about are being People. Ah, you're making me emotional. Yeah. It sounds like the Wonderful people and to is the reason. Yeah, that is the reason. And, and I mean, there's privilege involved in it too. of course. Like we had financial backstop, you know, a lot of my friends going into medicine, they were supporting their families. Right, right. And, and, and I, I have so much respect for that. And the fact that I agree people's options are limited, but doctors are in a trap. You know, it's $500,000 of education. You have this guaranteed salary, and all you have to do is drink the Kool-Aid. All you have to do is stay heads down and not ask questions, not ask why.


And You can really feel good about your work. Right? People are sick as hell in this country, and we do need people to be doing heart surgery or else people will die. But the, the, the thing that is so imperative for people to understand is that the reasons we're having surgery, the reasons why we're getting sick, the reasons why American competitiveness is plummeting, the reasons why our kids are chronically ill. Half of the kids in America are chronically ill, are all from preventable issues. So if you're a doctor who's not spending any time on focusing on that, then unfortunately, for better or worse, you are bankrolling on the problem. Do, do you remember what El I honestly think you're gonna change the world.


I, I mean that, I mean that. Thank you. Thank You. So just had to say that. Thank You. Thank you for having us here. Oh, sorry. It's just so your description of your parents is, ugh, It brings me to tears. Oh my gosh. I cannot wait to have children. There is no greater role. There is no greater role in this world. And, you know, I was sold such a bill of lies. Like climb the corporate, you know, climb the medical ladder, become the chair of an institution. I, I can think of no greater thing than we can do, than have children and keep them healthy. Yes. Right. And I just, you know, up until a couple years ago, I didn't even wanna have children. 'cause I thought it was a liability to this, to this value system of just like, rise the ranks, you know, make money. But I don't think there's anything more important we could be doing than creating healthy children who are thinking for themselves, who are eating healthy food.


And I cannot wait for that role. And I think it's, it's a spiritual corruption of our society right now that we have forgotten that this is the most important thing that we can do. You know, it's, it's, it's, it's unbelievable how far off we are. And I think it is deeply a spiritual crisis because we have lost sight of what really matters in our, in our lives. And You are singing my song, right? And much better than I ever could. So that is, sorry. So just completely carried away. So I, I guess now is the time since we're talking about your parents. Tell us, and your brother and I have talked about this at some length. I know this is painful, but about your mother, her illness, how that affected your, what you're doing now.


Our mother was our best friend. This book is dedicated to her. And you know, I think my mom, she's sort of the archetypal American patient, you know, and she's someone who was totally faithful to the American healthcare system. And like so many other Americans was ultimately completely let down by it. You know, she passed away far too early after 40 years of completely missed warning signs of the root causes of all the different symptoms and conditions. She was racking up. So, you know, she had me when she was 40. I was a humongous baby, born at s Simply Hospital. I was almost 12 pounds. Calley was almost 12 pounds. And that's a huge baby. And you know, there's actually a term for a baby over 8.5 pounds, which is fetal macro somia, which portends metabolic issues in a mother and metabolic issues in the baby.


And I had them, I was 210 pounds by the time I was in eighth grade, you know, and my mom had trouble losing the baby weight, had a very tough menopause in her sixties, got all the American diagnoses, high cholesterol. They gave her a statin, high blood pressure. They gave her an ACE inhibitor, high blood sugar. They gave her metformin, oh, this is normal to rite a passage, you know, every American's getting these diseases. So she went to all the specialists, she went to the cardiologist and the endocrinologist and her primary care doctor got all these medications. And then, you know, she's 72 years old doing everything the doctors are telling her to do, taking the pills every single day. And she gets a diagnosis of, she has some, she has some belly pain. One day went to the doctor, it lasted for a few weeks. She got a CT scan, stage four widely metastatic pancreatic cancer. She was dead 13 days later.


Ugh. And she was seen at the best hospitals in the, in the country. You know, she was seen at, she was getting executive physicals at Mayo. She was being seen at Stanford and Pa Alto Medical Foundation. And they looked at us in the eye in the, at the, they looked at us after her death and said, oh my God, this is so unlucky. And I knew enough at that time to know there was nothing unlucky about this. This was an entirely predictable sequence of events from the age of 40 to the age of 72. And she Had, as you've suggested, I think every possible advantage, like clearly high functioning person who followed the guidance, had the means to do it, had a daughter with specialty knowledge, a physician daughter. So like she had every possible advantage, Did every single thing they said and died at 72 in the prime of her life from conditions that were on the exact same spectrum.


So these con every condition I mentioned in earlier in this episode, and every condition she had are on this metabolic disease spectrum. So you believe, so pancreatic cancer, specifically, if my memory serves, and I think it does, was kind of an unusual, it was always famously dangerous, deadly Skyrocketing. I have noticed, like all of a sudden, People, you know, what Are the risk factors? Obesity, diabetes, smoking, it is fundamentally a lifestyle disease. Pancreatic cancer, why it's going up. So is breast cancer, breast cancer? I mean, breast cancer is now one, one in eight women. You know, this is an estrogen, often an estrogen, a foodborne Illness, Estrogen driven cancer. Well, where are all these extra estrogens coming from? Oh, huh.


Maybe it's the 6 billion pounds of pesticides that are being invisibly sprayed on all of our food and poisoning it. And what are these pesticides doing? They're estrogen receptor agonists interesting. Being sold to us from China and from Germany, you know, Which they're not using in their food there Illegal. So what Does that, what does that mean? I'm, I'm sorry, I I just wanna make sure the science is clear because I don't, I don't really understand it. It's the effects of these chemicals on food is what? So the, the ostensibly, these, these chemicals are being used 6 billion pounds globally per year because of pest control. They're also being used on our children's parks and golf courses and all over the place. They're invisible, they're tasteless, and they are directly toxic to our cellular biology.


So their pesticides side is the word for the act of killing. So herbicides and pesticides, fungicides. And they're so toxic that 20% of all suicides globally are performed by drinking pesticides. And yet we're told by our government that they're totally safe. There's this, this one will, this one will shock you. But you look at, so, you know, the largest merger ever done in Germany was Bayer, Monsanto, where Bayer, which is a pharmaceutical company merged with Monsanto, which is an agrochemical company in the United States. If you look at what Bayer makes, they make cancer drugs for things like non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.


And if you look at what Monsanto makes, which is Roundup, which is the most widely used pesticide in America, the cancer that it causes is non-Hodgkin's lymphoma. They've paid out $11 billion in the past couple years for non-Hodgkin's lymphoma cases. So the companies are merging that are directly known to cause the disease with a medical company that has a treatment for the disease. Like this is very, very dark. And so, like Calley said, you know, it's kind of this revolving door between create the illness, treat the illness, and hide the science that tells us what's happening. But, but This is all result of the food industry wanting food cheaper. And we spend per capita half as much on food as, as they do in Europe, but we spend three times more per capita on healthcare.


So I, my big point to everyone is this is not the free market at work. This is food companies lobbying to have neurotoxins and endocrine disrupting chemicals on our food that it, that's, that are toxic, that aren't allowed on any other food in any other developed country in order to make food a lot cheaper. And then to your point about, you know, what does the, what do these chemicals do? It increases estrogen. And you know, these kids are inhaling hormone disrupting chemicals. So, and now the, the, the, the, the New York Times recently had a front page article that puberty rates, particularly among women in the United States are plummeting. People are hitting puberty.


Younger years Earlier, younger pub girls are hitting pub, oh, how Young, the average girl in America is getting hitting puberty, which is sexual maturity six years earlier than they were in 1900. We have the earliest puberty rates of any continent in the world. It's age 10 and 10 to 13. And this is in large part thought to do because of, we are literally giving children estrogen with all the plastics we're ingesting, which are xenoestrogens, meaning they are exogenous artificial estrogens. And the pesticides which can activate the estrogen receptors like atrazine.


I mean, You can put atrazine, which is a pesticide that we spray about 70 million pounds of in the US every year. It's not legal in Europe, but it's sold to us from international countries. It's not legal In Europe. No, you cannot use it. And you put this on a developing male frog embryo, and it turns into a female frog. That's how much of an estrogen disrupting an estrogen or an endocrine disrupting chemical that it is. And so these chemicals are not inert. And again, because we can cherry pick science, and so much of these science, I mean these papers are pr papers paid for by industry. The Monsanto papers was a huge thing that, you know, revelation, they had to declassify these documents that Monsanto had basically ghostwritten scientific papers to say that these chemicals are safe.


But Can I just ask an obvious question? So the incidence of transgenderism or whatever we're calling it, have, you know, sky, I mean skyrocket thousands of percent increase in the last 10 years? And, there are many threads to this. It's partly a political movement, social movement, but you sort of wonder if it's not also a biological response to these chemicals. Is that, I'll say possible. I'll, I'll say this just as a demonstrable fact. Our child's environment is to an unprecedented degree full of hormone disrupting chemicals. The assault on a child's cells and hormones is unrelenting right now. Unrelenting. And their bodies are small, they can't handle it.


You know, so you take a child and you put them on a screen for the average kid is using a screen seven hours a day. Okay? And so this is hitting their dopamine. So that's one input you've got. We're eating a credit cards worth of plastic per week, right? And these are hormone disrupting chemicals. All of our food is, how Are we eating plastic in that volume? Well, the plastic, well plastics are in everything now. They're in our air. There are nanoparticles of plastic in the air. We're breathing, they're in our water. They're covering every piece of food that we buy in the grocery store. You go to Europe, all the vegetables are just, you know, they're just in these free markets, you know, they're not packaged in the us You go to Trader Joe's, every single piece of food is covered in plastic. That's, you've got the plastic water bottles.


Every single can that we drink in the United States is line with plastic coating. Every single one. It's all getting in. And this can actually directly disrupt our mitochondrial function, which is the metabolic machinery of the cell. So microplastics actually can disrupt the way we make energy in the body. And we know that metabolic issues are the root cause of every chronic illness facing Americans today. You can't make this up, you know, and then you have the endo, you have the, there's many effects of these things, but endocrine disrupting and mitochondrial disruption are two of the really big ones. Then you've got the kids eating 70% of their calories that a child is eating today is from a factory industrially manufactured ultra processed foods.


We know that these foods are destroying our cellular biology. So it's really, you know, and with school start times, kids are not getting enough sleep. So across sleep, across movement, you know, the average kid is spending less time outdoors than a prisoner in America right now. Like, kids are not going outside, we're not getting the sunshine, our circadian rhythms are destroyed. So every level of society, public school start times are disrupting our food, our nutrients, our sleep, our stress and dopamine, our movement patterns and our toxins. And we are de we are getting destroyed. And, and this is the visible hand. And, and, and, and we just have to understand this, when we're thinking about healthcare policy, there's nothing more profitable than the sick child has said or really hijacking a kid's dopamine, right?


Think about the trillions of dollars that are generated from a child's dopamine being hacked, being on that phone all day. You know, it's not good nor bad necessarily, it's just an economic fact. There's a huge incentive for that kid to be, you know, there are chronic stress to be just triggered nonstop on that phone. There's huge profit for a child to be addicted to ultra processed food and continuing to demand from their parents that food. You know, there's huge addicted, there's huge incentive for a child to be sick and getting on the statins, which are doubled in prescription rates in high schools in the past 10 years to get on the SSRIs that are now handed out like candy in high schools to get on the metformin, you know, to get on the ozempic, which is now being recommended. They're pushing for six years old and not for, if your child is overweight, lifetime prescription ozempic, that's very profitable.


So, so you have basically the free market at work. I think capital is in the greatest invention in human history, but just looking agnostically at the incentives, it's as many pills as we can give that kid as much we can keep that kid in fear as much as we can keep that kid sick without dying right away. That's what's fueling the largest industries in the country.


Most of us, well actually all of us go through our daily lives using all sorts of quote free technology without paying attention to why it's free. Who's paying for this and how, think about it for a minute. Think about your free email account. The free messenger system you use to chat with your friends. The free other weather app or game app you open up and never think about. It's all free, but is it? No, it's not free. These companies aren't developing expensive products and just giving them to you 'cause they love you. They're doing it because their programs take all your information. They hoover up your data, private personal data and sell it to data brokers and the government and all of those people who are not your friends are very interested in manipulating you and your personal political and financial decisions. It's scary as hell and it's happening out in the open without anybody saying anything about it. This is a huge problem. And we've been talking about this problem to our friend Eric Prince for years. Someone needs to fix this. And he and his partners have, and now we are partners with them and their company is called Unplugged. It's not a software company, it's a hardware company. They actually make a phone. The phone is called Unplugged and it's more than that. The purpose of the phone is to protect you from having your life stolen, your data stolen. It's designed from a privacy first perspective. It's got an operating system that they made. It's called Messenger and other apps that help you take charge of your personal data and prevent it from getting passed around to data brokers and government agencies that will use it to manipulate you. Unplugged commitment is to its customers, they will promise you and they mean it, that your data are not being sold or monetized or shared with anyone from basics like its custom libertas operating system, which they wrote, which is designed from the very first day to keep your personal data on your device. It also has, believe it or not, a true on off switch that shuts off the power. It actually disconnects your battery and ensures that your microphone and your camera are turned off completely when you want them to be. So they're not spying on you in say, your bedroom, which your iPhone is. That's a fact. So it is a great way, one of the few ways to actually protect yourself from big tech and big government to reclaim your personal privacy. Without privacy, there is no freedom. The Unplugged phone You can get a $25 discount when you use the code Tucker at the checkout. So go to unplug.com/ Tucker to get yours today. Highly recommended.


Let me just ask, there's so many, this could go on 10 hours. Let's just stop with Ozempic really quick because Ozempic and you and I had a pretty remarkable conversation about Ozempic and at the end of it I thought, well, that's never gonna be popular because that's kind of terrifying. I was wrong as usual. And now it is ubiquitous. Kids are taking it, college students are taking it. As a physician, what do you, what do you, what's your your view of ozempic? I think it's very dark. I think it's, it's a stranglehold on the US population. Almost like solidifying this idea that there is a magic pill. I mean, literally the book by Johan Ari is called Magic Pill.


And convincing us that, you know, salvation from our chronic health issues is gonna be found in a shot when we are living in a toxic str that's destroying our cellular biology. You know, it's of course for certain patients taking GLP one agonists is gonna be helpful for their conditions. It might jumpstart their, their way to getting back to health Is, is that the name of the the active drug again? GLP one Agonists. Yeah. So GLP one, sorry, Not, not fluent in this. No, no, it's, it's, that's what the medications are. And so they're basically simulating a hormone that's made in our digestive system that cues satiety and does many other things. And so Q satiety is means Making us make You, making, Making us, you know, and, and what's so interesting, you know, like we are the, like Calley said earlier, like we are the only species in the world that has an obesity and chronic disease epidemic.


The only species in the world that has a chronic disease and obesity epidemic because of ultra processed food. You think about every other animal in the wild, they're eating real natural foods except for domesticated animals, which are also getting chronic diseases just like humans 'cause they're eating our food. But every other animal, they're able to regulate their satiety. They're not eating themselves to death like we are. We're literally eating ourselves to death. The reason is because these foods, like Calley talked about with the cigarette companies and the scientists moving to create addictive ultra processed foods, they are designed to subvert our satiety mechanisms like GLP one secretion so that we never know that we're full. But if we were eating whole real food, we would cue the exquisite satiety mechanisms in our bodies and we would not overeat. If you're, if you're eating real whole unprocessed nutrient rich foods, we have receptors in our gut that make us feel full.


It's not rocket Science. You almost can't, if you eat just protein, which is hard, you can't Overeat. You cannot overeat. No, that's right. You can't eat too much steak. It's not even Possible. Yeah, and think about this, you know, it's incredible if You can convince people that, that, that this is not true, you know, and defy the entire animal kingdom, what's happening with other, other animal. This could be on track to be the most profitable medication ever in human history. It will be if, if the powers that be let it, and what it, the unfortunate part is that it doesn't take our bodies out of the toxic stew that's crushing our biology. Yes, we may melt some fat, but we're really, we're essentially creating starvation to melt fat and muscle without changing any of the other levers that we just talked about that are crushing our biology.


So this is not the public health solution. You look at what's happening though. Do you think there are potential downsides to it? I mean there's, every medication has downsides and this one has, well-known side effects. It disproportionately causes sl muscle mass, which creates frailty, which is one of the things that can cause old people in old age to have very poor quality of life and early death. It has a higher rate of thyroid cancer. It has risks on the label of kidney dysfunction, of pancreatitis, of all sorts of things. Every medication has side effects. So if we're gonna mass prescribe this, so there's a bill right now in Congress, HR 4 8 18, which is the treat and reduce obesity act. And you know, you look at this, this and you think, oh, this is great.


The government's focusing more on obesity and this is awesome. There's one line that all that matters in that which is that they wanna expand Medicare access to include coverage for these medic for obesity medications, which are these drugs for people that include overweight and obese. That is 74% of the American population. If this bill goes through and everyone who is eligible for this drug gets it paid by taxpayers that will represent over $3 trillion per year in drugs to the American people without changing any of the root causes of what is making us sick. And to add insult to injury, this will be taxpayer money being largely funneled to Europe, who makes the drug.


So people need to Make which they don't prescribe and it's, it's 10 times less expensive and that it's not the standard of care in, in Norway when you are obese, there's is that's made Yeah, No Nortis. Yeah. There's a step ladder and, and you get the keto diet and exercise incentivized from the government In the country that makes ozempic. Yeah. And The American Academy pediatrics and their most recent obesity guidelines are recommending these drugs for kids as young as 12 And pushing for six. This is a lifelong medication at the cost of about $1,500 a month with many side effects that does not cause, that does not change any of the root causes issues that are toxifying literally destroying our brains and bodies. Can I, Can I ask, I mean, I, as you've said three times, and I hope you'll say it three more.


Every drug has side effects, but they seem like intentionally downplayed in a lot of cases. I have no, I mean, well, most famously with certain covid related medicines, but, but there are others where they just don't really wanna talk about, doctors don't seem to wanna talk about the potential side effects. Why is that? Hmm. Because if you have an obese patient, it's weird. Okay, so let me just paint the picture. They're pushing for six obese or overweight, Six years old. Yeah. So we have obviously an obesity crisis among six year olds right now in the country, in Japan, the childhood obesity rate is 3% in the United States, 50%.


This is Uniquely American Teens, 50% of teens are overweight or obese. So let's just look at that, right? We're clearly just force feeding into our children toxic food that's causing this massive issue. And now any parent watching particularly lower income, 'cause this bill is pushing for Medicaid. So if you're a lower income, so why are they lobbying? Why is this, why is this company in Scandinavia, one of the five largest lobbying spenders in America and pushing so hard for this? And why is the stock so high? And it's the 12th most valuable company in the world. They're expecting 80 to 90% of their profits from the United States, from the government by rigging institution. What institution are pharma companies rigging?


They're actually rigging Medicaid. They're actually profiting off poor people. Medicaid is spending more on mitochondrial dysfunction than the entire US defense budget and growing much faster, right? This is a pi, mitochondrial discretion, various metabolic issues, metabolic issues tied to this core cellular dysfunction. Diabetes, we're, we're spending on, on Medicaid more on preventable metabolic chronic conditions than the defense budget. And Medicaid's one of the fastest growing items than the, and the budget that's all rigged by pharma as a piggy bank. So this bill, if you put Ozempic on that schedule than any lower income 6-year-old, the doctor can say, I've got Harvard studies here saying that obesity is genetic, it's not your child's fault, let's get them a lifetime jabs.


Well, if it's genetic, why didn't it exist a hundred years ago? Good question. But Harvard and the NIH and the American Academy pediatric is saying it's a brain disease, it's genetic. And on 60 minutes, as we talked about a leading Harvard physician, Fatima Cody, Stanford said that it's a, that throw willpower out the window. This is a genetic condition and it's actually, she said an affront and classist and racist to suggest it's anything other than genetic. So that's the message being told from medical system. You ask why, because the second You can get that 6-year-old on a lifetime injection. And let's just take this to every drug. It's the chronic disease treadmill. They're told that injection is a savior, right? And then the government, it's the largest line item in our budget.


It's gonna bankrupt the country. It's growing faster than any other line item in the budget, right? And Medicaid, the government is gonna pay for that lower income kid $1,500 a month because the government also has to just pay the sticker price. Right? We are paying, our sticker price is 10 times more expensive than Germany. So, so, so, so the second you get something on the Medicaid schedule, then all lower income people are open season. And what's so criminal about this and what so representative why this is a problem is that the medical system is saying, they're saying it's a social justice issue. It's a moral issue. We have to pay $1,500 for 74% of US adults who are overweight or obese per month, that we have to, we have to find the money.


The stock is the 12th most valuable company in the world at the expectation that the US is gonna say that. But where is that urgency from the medical system about why this stuff is happening in the first place? Why it's not happening in Japan? Where's the urgency on saying, Hey parents, maybe we shouldn't feed our kids toxic food. Maybe we should be looking at the root cause of obesity. And see, this is the key point. Forget any public policy. The medical leadership should just say the truth. They should explain why there's an obesity crisis among children. It's not a ozempic deficiency. It's because of very simple inputs to our metabolic environment. And frankly, a rig system where our food has been compromised.


There's nothing conservative or liberal about our food system being compromised. Oh, I couldn't agree more. It's not the, the medical system before any public policy should simply state that. And a key point in America is that we listen to our medical leaders, we change our diet. When the food pyramid came out, we smoking rates plummeted. When the Surgeon general report came Out, majority Americans got the covid Vaccine. When Dr. Fauci said, get the vax post people we respect and listen, but medical providers, they actually literally have social justice components where they're, they're actually not able to recommend natural food because there's a component in the USD nutrition guidelines, which takes into account social justice. So they're worried about affordability.


May, may I ask what, What does that mean? So it's, it's racist to eat non poisonous food In, in America. It is classist and racist to suggest that mothers shouldn't be poisoning their kids. Yes. That that is what the USD argues. So It seems like yet another example, there are so many of them, and you've talked about them when you were lobbying for Coke of the richest people in the society, the ones who were looting the society using issues like racism or sexism or classism as cudgels to beat back criticism of their looting, Right? The, in a CP as a, a registered lobbyist for ozempic today, there are registered Hard that makes us scratch our head as like, how is it, how can we, how are we so delusional that we think it is easier to inject a child weekly for life than find a way to get that child healthy food?


Like we, that is, that is a track that we're on right now that is as, that is insane, but we're believing it, we're drinking that Kool-Aid. It doesn't make any sense. We could take these dollars so simply, so easily and funnel them towards healthier diet and lifestyle. $3 trillion a year. We, we could feed every country, every single American family with organic food for $3 trillion a year. But instead we're, we're taking those healthcare dollars and steering them towards drugs, which doesn't fix the root cause issue. Our message isn't drug or anti-drug. It's just like, let's look at the problem. Like say, say you're just an alien that came down from space. You look at America, kids and adults are just overwhelmingly metabolic, dysfunctional, obese, diabetic. It's like you'd never say like, let's keep, have this keep happening and then jab everyone and drug everyone and manage the, it would just never, it's just follow the science.


Maybe drugs actually do come into play there. But the history of chronic disease medications has been a complete disaster. We always say, if you have a gunshot wound, a a an emergency surgical need that's gonna kill you right away. Infection, complicated childbirth infection, a hundred percent. The, the medical system's a miracle. Acute issues, Chronic disease medications didn't exist before in 1960. The first one was The Birth, Control Pill, the first pill that you took for more than a couple weeks that didn't cure the issue right away. Ever, ever. So in 1960 0% of the medical that was on chronic conditions where we can talk about that, but 90 0% was chronic conditions. Today, 95% of spending is on chronic conditions. 'cause what the, the system realized is that they can take the trust and gendered after World War II with antibiotics and various medical innovations that helped win that war and then steer it towards chronic conditions.


So by the 1970s, 30% of women in the United States were on Valium, a highly addictive drug. Valium, physically addictive. Yeah. And, and, and, and it's just been a battle to shift the medical system to chronic disease. And Can we just go to the Pill really quick and I just wanna say upfront that, you know, I'm, I'm Protestant, never had a problem with birth control. Never thought about it, but at all. So that's my position, or has been my position, which is actually radically changing as we speak, but I've always felt that way. So I never really thought about it, but I always noticed that you were not allowed to criticize the Pill period. Like that was not allowed in the world. I grew up in You can have all kinds of kooky opinions.


You cannot criticize The, Birth, Control, Pill. And now I feel like maybe we were played a little bit. Why you You're laughing Sardonically. Yeah, I mean IIII can speak as a physician, but I can also just speak as a woman Yes. Who has taken all these different medications. Yes. Because it's liberation. Yeah. It's liberation. Yes. We can do whatever we want, you know, and I can, who needs to get a period when You can, you know, work in the hospital a hundred hours a week and put off having, and then I freeze my eggs at 37, have kids, you know. So as a woman, I mean, I, I do think, of course these drugs have helped in some ways, but we are prescribing them like candy. We're prescribing them for acne. We're prescribing them for PCOS, polycystic ovarian syndrome, the leading cause of infertility in the United States, which is a metabolic issue driven by our food and how the food interacts with genetics.


And then of course for birth control. So you've got these medications that are literally shutting down the, the hormones in the female body that create this cyclical life-giving nature of women. We basically told women these hormones don't matter. Your ability to create the most miracle of any miracles, which is create life. Just shut it down. There's no impacts. That's crazy to me. And as I've woken up from this, I'm realized like your cycle and having these hormonal cycles is, is part and parcel with our health in every possible way. Yes. And also with the miracle of creating life. And so for years, you just lose the biofeedback of what's happening with your cycle.


It is the, it is one of the key barometers of female health. How is your cycle doing? Is it regular? Is it heavy? And we're just, we just shut it down and say there's no repercussions for that. Which I think it's to a larger issue, which is a disrespect of life, right? Yes. It's a disrespect of things that create life. And I think about you've got the Pill and it, it just goes hand in hand with the rise. And this is gonna seem a little far out there, but like it goes rise and r with the hand of industrial agriculture, you know, the spraying of these pesticides, the things that give life in this world, which are women and soil. We have tried to dominate and shut down the cycles. We have lost respect for life, which again gets to The, Spiritual, Crisis, keep Going, keep going.


I love this. And I think that you Are speaking truth right now. I can you are Speaking truth for the sake of efficiency, right? For this delusion of short term gains, for yields for profit. But what we need to realize is that we live in an interdependent ecosystem that has to be harmonious, not dominated, which means gentler, you know? And so by taking a hammer to women's hormones, taking a hammer to pests, what we've done is we've essentially, we are destroying the, the, the things that give us life in this country. And that is why that is, I think, part of the root cause of why things feel so dark right now. 'cause it's bigger than all of this. We are actually turning our back on life. Does it surprise you that all of this happened within 20 years of developing the atom bomb?


No. And I mean, speaking of that, you know, I mean I think it's really interesting to think about the relationship between war and what's happening. A hundred percent. So where do our, where did all these pesticides that are, that have destroyed our life-giving soil and are creating a fragile food system, which is gonna create a food crisis at some point. Where did they all come from? Nazi Germany. Right? So Hitler was developing chemicals of war and trying to create agriculture solutions to create more food yields for Germany. And these, some of these pesticides, these organo phosphate chemicals were turned directly into sprays that were putting on all our food. The, the, the interrelationship between Nazi Germany and what's being sprayed on every piece of food in the United States is deeply linked. And we need to think about that, right?


15% of high School. And, and I, one other thing I just wanna say this is being federally subsidized by the government through the farm bills. We haven't spoken about the farm bills, but you think about this funneling of money that's happening and, and how the government in a way is working against us. And I don't think it's nefarious at all. I think people just don't understand. I, we've talked to so many Congress people, they just don't understand the health effects of, of all these things that are happening of the processed foods. And, you know, everyone likes their Oreos. So it's, it's, it's a tough issue 'cause we're addicted, but the farm bills are making all these unhealthy foods cheaper. They federally subsidize commodity crops, which are turned into processed food. So this is the corn, the soy, the wheat, making these foods artificially cheaper.


So this is why, you know, people say this is, and this is what where the social justice piece comes into it. It, it is, in many ways, it is much harder as a poor American to buy food that is not poisoned because our government is making the poisoned food cheaper. You know what, what is happening? We, we don't even, It's not a free market. It's not a free market at work. This is not, it's rigged market a free market. It's rigged, it's rigged against poor people. And so there's nothing conservative about what's happening. And, And, and President Trump is calling this out. Yes, he's obviously calling this out. But, but calling out a rigged market is not an attack on the free market. Like we need to speak truth here, particularly when it's impacting human capital. Calling out a rigged market is a call for a free market.


It's, it's imperative. That's right. And, you know, working for these companies, we actually used to use that argument. You rig the market and then yell nanny state whenever anyone questions the rig market and the fact that there's more agriculture subsidies that go to tobacco than fruits and vegetables. 0.4% of agriculture subsidies go to fruits and vegetables, 2% goes to tobacco, 90% goes to ultra processed food and it's highly slanted against small farmers. You know, this gets dark. I mean, talking about the Nazis, you know, 15% of, Well, I mean it's just, I do think it's not accidental that that was a regime based on occult practices that hated Christianity and whose signature act, which no one ever seems to remember. It was murdering hundreds of thousands of Germans in hospitals through euthanasia.


So-called mercy killing of kids and adults who were substandard. Yes. And so, yeah. Does it surprise you that atomic weapons and poison pesticides both came from that regime? No, not really. Well, we'll, well also, you know, sorry, That's just all true. So they always tell you it's the most important election of your lifetime. But of course this one actually is, that's demonstrable. And it's also because it is so important being censored at every level by the tech companies. So we were thinking about this a couple of months ago, and we thought, why not get on the road live in front of actual people, live audiences coast to coast, A nationwide tour where we can't be censored. That'd be good. It would also be fun.


So we're doing it, we're gonna be on stage with some of our friends, some of the most fascinating people we know, the most recognizable people we know, responding to what is happening in America this September in real time. It'll be just like the podcast, but it's gonna be live. So we're excited to announce our friend Larry Elder, is coming to join us in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Our friend John Rich who will be there with us in sunrise, Florida. And we're adding more stops. We just added another stadium show in Reding, Pennsylvania. We'll be joined on stage by Alex Jones. They tell you what Alex Jones is like. Have you seen him in person? You should make up your own mind. It's gonna be fun as hell and interesting and intense. And we hope you will join us. Go to Tucker Carlson dot com right now to get your tickets.


See you there For you today. 15% of high schoolers on Adderall. Adderall was created by Nazi Germany. I'm aware. So Mer yeah, this is, there's a great book called Blist about this. But, but Merck developed the precursor to Adderall in order to give the German soldiers. So they got one pill a day, and actually it was discontinued by the end of the war because there was such psychosis among the German soldiers taking this every day. It was to make them more aggressive, they actually reformulated it Merck and made a stronger version.


And that is Adderall, which is now given to 15% of children. You know, and this, this, this idea that, you know, many parents watching just as Ozempic is being pushed on their kids just as SSRIs being pushed on their kids, just as sands are being pushed on their kids, parents being crud with medical studies saying they're putting their kid at risk for not following this medical guidance. They're also, if their kid is a little bit distracted, being sitting in a sedentary environment with limited sunlight being forced fed ultra processed food, they're getting a little fidgety and they're prescribed Adderall right away. That's the standard of care. Not even thinking about you think about any animal you put in a cage, low sunlight, sedentary, they go crazy force feeding, ultra processed food. So just that's we prisoners just as a societal level here, you know, we're, we're, we're really committing mass child abuse in many ways.


And we're normalizing that and we're not speaking out about that. And, and then, and then we're giving people stimulants developed by Nazi Germany. I mean, it's, it's kind of crazy. That's much more profitable. I mean, from a pure economic standpoint, getting a kid off of this treadmill costs millions of dollars. You know, a a diabetic person on Medicaid, if they're diabetic, by the time they're 30, they, they're, they're, they're getting millions of dollars. They're generating millions of dollars paid for by the government to pharmaceutical and healthcare companies. Millions of dollars. If you train a lower income person, you know, and talk to 'em about metabolic health, you know, frankly, reading the principles Casey talks about in the book, and, and they're, and they're, they're going on a path of thriving, of, of understanding what their family, what they're putting into their bodies of, of movement.


They're costing the system millions of dollars. That's how the kind of economic reality of how the system works on this. That's kind of the battle. Getting to your point about how people let this happen on doctors. I think the brilliance of the systemic design is the most revered people in our society are basically able to keep up this system. They're able to have their fancy studies that really just take responsibility for managing the disease instead of curing, right? They, they censor, I I I, I had a call when I attacked the dean of Tufts Nutrition School. Oh, the most prominent nutrition researcher in the country, safari. He called me and actually threatened to call Stanford where we both went. And he said, you know, we know the same people at Stanford.


This is, this is not right to be upsetting the Apple card. And I said, well, does your school not take the majority of its funding from food companies to impact nutrition policies in the United States? He said, of course we do. But that doesn't impact my judgment. And the fact that you're calling that out and the fact that you're questioning the study that we conducted with the NIH that said, lucky charms were healthier than beef. The fact that you're calling this out really isn't polite. This isn't how it works, Calley. And, you know, we know the same people at Stanford and this isn't, this isn't polite. I'm, I'm gonna call Stanford and basically threatening me to be kicked out of the, the club. That that's how this works. And then these studies are used to create, you know, influence the USDA guidelines.


95% of people on the USDA nutrition guidelines for America 20 20 20 25 had a conflict of interest with food companies. These studies are used to influence what the U-D-A-U-S-D-A is basically saying can go in school lunches. The USDA controls the U school lunch program, which serves 3 billion meals per year to students. It's largest fast food chain in America is the USDA school lunch program. And you know, just this past year, Kraft Heinz is brokering deals with the USDA to put Lunchables in schools. These Food, it's the top growth area for Kraft is what's, what's, what's a Lunchable? It's, it's, it's, it's the, it's the plastic process. Plastic squares with Crackers, cheese and crackers. That's gonna be the school lunches. And these corporate deals are happening and it's, it's studies like this that then allow, I'm assuming Lunchables are, are suboptimal, They're not good.


They're sub you. You look at the ingredients, there's about, you know, 60 ingredients in these, in these packages. There's no fruit. There's no vegetables. It's literally processed flour, processed sugar, processed oil. It's just these staples of the, of the American ultra processed food system that will, that will are just rotting children's brains and bodies Would do believe. Right? Today, and I think this is one of the most criminal that we talk about, what we can change today, the USDA, which sets the standards that impact schools that impact parents' perceptions. Everything. They say that a healthy diet for 2-year-old is up to 10% added sugar. They're recommending added sugar for two year olds. When we have a metabolic health crisis, a childhood obesity crisis, and we're 33% of young adults now have pre-diabetes, which would've just been absolutely unthinkable.


There's an assault on children's cells because of our food added sugars a huge one. And the USD recommends it that imagine, and this is just, it's so simple. If medical leaders actually had courage, if we had the, the volume and the urgency of our medical community talking about the covid vaccine, about the childhood chronic disease crisis, not banning sugar, not banning anything, but just from a medical perspective saying it's, it's probably a good idea to re-look at what we're feeding kids in the midst of a metabolic health crisis. And probably sugar should be discouraged. They don't say that right now. The USDA just put a report out saying a diet 93% in ultra processed food for kids could be healthy. The USD is doing marketing for ultra processed food. They're not speaking in a clear voice because 95% of the advisors on the committee are corrupted.


40% of the advisors that President Biden has, has already put for the next committee are paid for by the maker of Ozempic. Why do we have a huge chunk of the USD Nutrition guideline committee paid for by ozempic? You'll have to unpack that one for me. A foreign drug bank. Yeah. And then you've got, you know, Jason and Travis Calley doing brokering, you might have seen they're, they're now endorsing a new serial blend with General Mills. And every mainstream media outlet is with them basically laughing about how great this is. You know, they're not talking about this metabolic dis disease epidemic that's destroying our children. They just turn a blind eye to any of the problematic nature of this, because of course their funding, ad funding comes from pharma and food.


Can I, can I ask, so you all are focused on children, which is, you know, indisputably the right thing. But for, you know, people my age, maybe even your age, you know, watching someone you love die from dementia, from Alzheimer's, universally regarded as the worst thing. Just the worst thing. And it seems to me the incidence of of dementia is like rising. Yeah. Am I imagining that if it's true, why is it happening? What can be done? It's Going up rapidly, it's happening. Younger people we're seeing Alzheimer's and people as young as 50. There are no drugs that actually reverse the, the, the disease. There are no good drugs for Alzheimer's. And we know still, still there are no drugs.


That there are drugs that slightly slow the progression but do nothing to reverse the disease. And research from top journals in the world, like the Lancet have explicitly stated that it is modifiable lifestyle factors that drive the development of this disease. Things like healthy eating, smoking and moving and exercise. These are the, the best possible way we could prevent Alzheimer's in this country is by people getting up and moving more, eating unprocessed organic food and not smoking. And unfortunately you never hear that. Right? This is, is a largely preventable disease that is skyrocketing Alzheimer's Right now. Alzheimer's is largely preventable. Largely Preventable. Yeah. Alzheimer's. Alzheimer's with, with simple free lifestyle habits right now, Alzheimer's dementia, many researchers are calling it type three diabetes.


Okay? We have type two diabetes, type one diabetes, type three diabetes. Because there is such a link between metabolic dysfunction and the development of the disease. And you think about it, it makes a complete obvious sense. The brain is 2% of our body weight, but it uses 20% of our energy. 'cause it's like a computer, it's high processing power, right? It's using tons of energy to make all these billions of neurons work, right? So 20% of our body's energy, metabolic dysfunction is a problem with how our body makes energy because our cells are destroyed by our food and our environment. So you have a problem in the body systemically, like diabetes or type or pre-diabetes that's making, that's an overt representation of our bodies not making energy properly that is going to disproportionately affect the brain.


Okay? So an underpowered brain is going to not be able to think properly. And that's what's happening in Alzheimer's. There's a neuro energetic theory of Alzheimer's that creates the downstream issues that we talk about, like the plaques in the brain and things like that. These are responses to a fundamental issue with how the brain is powering itself. So we need to just all wake up and realize we need to support the cells of the body with the simple evidence-based habits that let us be metabolically healthy. So our brain has the energy to do its work. Is there, so if, if dementia or Alzheimer's, I mean there are many forms of dementia, correct? Yes. Okay. So, but if at least the big one is caused by metabolic dysfunction, is it conceivably reversible or lovable with changes to behavior?


There Are amazing researchers like Dr. Dale Bredesen, Dr. David Perlmutter, many others who have shown that we can reverse the symptoms of Alzheimer's with a healthier lifestyle. Dr. Dale Bredesen, who wrote The End of Alzheimer's, which everyone should read, it's talk about, it's The most effective reversal protocol ever, ever conducted. What is it? Summarize? He talks about how there's, you know, there's not one thing here, right? It's a breaking of the cells. And that can happen from a lot of different things in our environment. So he talks about like 36 holes in the roof that basically have to be plugged for the rain to stop pouring into the house, right? So it's not just one thing, it's we've gotta check our vitamin D levels, we've gotta check our insulin levels, we've gotta get our B12 levels, right? There's all these things that we know affect the cellular biology of our brain.


And essentially when you overwhelm the body too much and under nourish it, there's gonna be breakdown. And so we have to examine each of these factors that we know is linked to dementia and then fix each one. And the path for you might be different for me, right? Some of those 36 factors might be fine in you, but not fine in me. And we might have different ones. So that's why personalized medicine is so important. 'cause we have to understand, you know, it's, it's, it's from all aspects of our environment that our cells are getting hurt. So we have to realize through testing and personalized, you know, medicine, which in our body are causing the problems. But by and large, the simple reality is if we're eating nutrient rich whole foods, moving our bodies, getting enough sleep, staying intellectually stimulated, not smoking and avoiding toxins, our cells are gonna do a much better job doing their work.


The First chapter of when we get into plans is really guiding Casey guides through a list of how to read blood tests. You know, I got on a path a couple years ago when I had my regular cholesterol test. They said I was perfectly fine. Show toter. She's like, this is blaring metabolic dysfunction. I go back to my doctor and they're like, oh yeah, yeah, it's really bad. But you're not treatable yet. You're not ready for a statin. So we just say you're fine. Like a key thing is actually serious. Seriously. Yeah. So you, you get to treatable levels and then when you, everyone but, but we're brewing metabolic dysfunction. Everyone, especially people in their twenties, thirties and forties that are healthy are brewing metabolic dysfunction. They're brewing those things. But my mom was told she was healthy by her primary care provider months before the cancer diagnosis.


'cause she was on five medications, which is less than the average American her age, right? Well these are all rites of passage, right? You know, so, so I wasn't quite at the statin level. So a key thing, and we arm this with the book just with the free blood test. And then there's new services, this personalized medicine revolution where You can get a hundred blood tests. Companies like Function health or You can go to a functional medicine. Doctor You can order these tests or just a couple hundred bucks and You can get more of a personalized view. And then You can attack those deficiencies with food and with supplementation and get the root cause of things under control. And to our point in the book is that dementia is on the same, it's a branch of the same tree as diabetes, as heart disease, as kidney disease of even dying of covid.


These are all very similar things. If You can cure the root, if You can understand. So a lot of our advice would just be work through the personalized blood tests, understand what's happened to you, and then match those nutrient needs with your food and with your supplementation to cure what your blood test's telling you. And if you get your metabolic biomarkers more under control, you are able to reverse and absolutely prevent most of the conditions that are plaguing the American people that have really only become new phenomenons in the past generation. It's all kind of rooted in the same thing. And that's really what our big mission is, is like we need actually a new paradigm of how we view chronic disease. I mean, it's actually just a lie, right? That if you have a high cholesterol, high blood sugar and depression, you're seeing three different doctors who aren't talking to each other at all.


That's just wrong. It's very profitable, it's wrong. You're on three different lifetime plans. You can really solve it with the root cause. And that's if the medical system was sane, right? With lower costs and unleash Schumann capital. You know, we're debating on the margins right now on the left and the right about how to change page 300 of Medicare Part D, unless we're attacking the core incentive that was embedded by Obamacare, which was probably the deadliest law passed in recent history. What Obamacare did is it ingrained the incentive that the medical system makes more money when people get sicker through this populist idea of like taking on the insurance companies that said, insurance companies can only make a 15% profit margin medical loss ratio. They need to pay out 85% of their spending.


But because now insurance companies can only get 15%, but by law in trying an Obamacare, they can raise premiums to get that 15%. What's their incentive? Your incentive is for the pie to grow. Your incentive is for cost to go up. So Obamacare actually incentivized insurance companies to have no cost controls. What does no cost controls means? It means more people getting sick. So we're talking about inflation a lot. Right now, by far, the top driver of inflation in America right now is healthcare. And that's happening because there's no rain on cost. There's no rain on costs because everyone makes money when we get sicker. That's how it all Connect. Even insurance Companies. That's so, if 85% of their budget has to go to care, they take 15% by law from Obamacare.


The more that we spend actually on healthcare, the more expenditures for patients, the more their 15% grows. That's Crazy. So I mean, in a functioning system, of course insurers would have the greatest possibility Right Here To keep illness This down. Obamacare, out of a populous kind of, we're gonna, we're gonna cap their profit margins, but they lobbied again, they can raise prices to get that 15%. So there is zero every, and I mean this, every single institution that impacts our health insurance companies, pharma companies, hospitals, medical schools, they make more money when more Americans are sicker for longer periods of time and they lose money when Americans get he. It's just absolutely, that's the incentive. And then you go to Medicaid, which I talked about there, there's just a huge incentive for more and more poor people to get sick.


'cause that's an annuity then to the pharma companies. So until you attack that incentive, and as Casey said, people just don't understand this, everyone kind of makes sense. And actually I think there these things are very easy to change, but the problem is that every, it's enshrined that there's profit when people are sick and then they use the Stanford and the Harvard and the, ah, it's all this fancy club where people, it's like uncouth to talk. You know, it's so marginalized when you talk about nutrition among Wimped elite. It's wimped. It's like Casey was yelled at by an attending surgeon. You didn't go to nutrition school, don't talk to your patients about what to eat. We, we, we do serious medicine. We commit surgery's. Not if they're The guidelines, it's a use medicine, then why are the outcomes getting worse?


If, If, because they're not responsible. They're why if life ex they're not Life expectancy going down, but The life expect, They're not paid for good Outcomes. The life expectancy is the tip of the iceberg. Yeah, no, I'm Aware. That's the, the underlying is just mass suffering, particularly among kids. I mean this, this rapid increase in childhood diabetes. If you have diabetes, by the time you're 30, you die 15 years younger and you're suffering much more along the way. And now almost, you know, it's getting to, almost the majority of young adults are pre-diabetic. So diabetes is not an isolated condition. It's cellular dysfunction. As Casey talks about in the book, it's the root of so many other things. Okay. So Let's, at breakfast, when you were laying, and this is not our first conversation, you said, I'm gonna make this positive.


I brought, I called my brother last night. I was like, you gotta come to breakfast with the, with the means is 'cause it'll radicalize you, which you successfully did in about an hour. So I've got two more questions. Yeah. For you, broad questions. Here's the first, let's say there's a means administration. You all are given absolute power over the society or, or power within the bounds of our system, right? You can do what a president can do. What, what are the first steps you take to fix this Day? One state of emergency for childhood and chronic disease fully within the Constitution for the President declare a state of emergency for public health. That's what happened during Covid. It was very little Congress. It was no congressional legislation. It was a state of emergency. What's happening in childhood to chronic disease is a much orders of magnitude, bigger state of emergency right now and more eminent emergency in America than covid.


So you declare a state of emergency, that's for sure. You steer, you, you declare a state of emergency for childhood health. We actually start a nonprofit and we have executive orders drafted And. there is so much stuff You can do, but it's attacking the incentives. You know, just for starters, Biden's talked about this and President Trump's talked about it. But I think the fact that you, you need a president there who's willing to take some heat from these ingrained industries. You could sign a bill tomorrow saying Pharma companies can't charge Americans more than what they charge people in Europe. We are spending, in some cases 10 times more on drugs. We are subsidizing the largest companies in Europe with our insanity. That's not a free market tomorrow. You can cut this ridiculous thing.


You can thank the Republicans for that, by the way. Yeah, No, no. It's, it's both sides. They laid Paul Ryan and yeah, no, but The Republicans, I will say as a lifetime Republican voter. But they provided the ideological cover for that because they said, I was there when this happened. And Hillary care, Obamacare. So between 1993 and 2011, they made this case consistently through their think tanks, that it was AdChoices between socialism and capitalism. And if you were controlling costs, that was socialism. It's socialism for pharma to have Congress over a barrel and not, oh, I'm very aware. It was the opposite of truth. It was perversion. I was working for conservative think tanks, trying to make that argument. It's, it's totally bankrupt.


And actually President Trump's talk about that. That's an executive order. We can sign the first day. I cannot, I'm still mad about that. Cannot emphasize, it's crazy. I cannot emphasize this enough, how important it is just for medical leaders to cite the science. The, an executive order tomorrow could make it that USDA panelists cannot take money from food companies. What, what an idea it can make. Sign an executive order tomorrow that NIH grants can't go to conflicted researchers. 80% of them currently go to conflicted researchers. You could sign an executive order tomorrow that the FDA should stop being funded by pharma. 75% of their funding comes from pharma. 75% of the FDA's funding doesn't come from taxpayer, it comes from pharma.


And there's a revolving door, as we all know, where people go from the fda A to pharma institution that the DC as we both know are built to grow. The FDA grows when the pharma's influence grows. The FDA should be an independent organization. It's not, that's an executive order tomorrow. So you just rob the conflicts of interest out of these things. Personnel assign doctors that we both know onto the USD nutrition panel and have the president have the Secretary of the Treasury. 'cause we're going bankrupt from healthcare costs. Have the Tech Secretary of Defense because 77% of young adults aren't eligible to join the military. Have them say, we are not banning any company. We're not even giving public policy recommendations.


But we are saying from a medical perspective that we should reduce ultra processed food consumption among children. That is a medically valid statement. And medical leaders need to start telling the truth. And then public policy, I'm fine with the public policy. Chip may fall, fall where they may. But the president, the Secretary of defense, the head of the NIH, the head of the FDA should be saying the medical truth. The most important dynamic in America, I believe, is when a child or a parent is sitting across their doctor at the first stage of metabolic dysfunction, they're shoved into a one size fits all process right now where they immediately get on a pharmaceutical treadmill.


The medical guidance comes from the NIH, the FDA and their associated groups like the American Diabetes Association, the American Academy of Pediatrics. They tho that guidance itself is corrupt and says that ozempic, you know, is, is the cure for obesity and statins and heart disease. Not the, if a doctor was recommending the right things, we'd be a healthier country. So you just have to go after the medical guidelines that would transform the country. The last one, I'd say just going after incentives. I think it's a huge deal that our information sources have been totally co-opted. Yeah. You know, 50% of TV I can speak to that directly. 50% of TV news spending, you know, coming from pharma is a huge deal. And why the hell is our media playing referee for defending pharmaceutical companies?


Why, why is, why are they suppressing and silencing doctors? Why are they suppressing any questions around that? You know, that's a huge problem that our dominant information sources for the past generation have been able to be co-opted by an industry that, just as a statement of economic fact profits from Americans getting sick, just, just un undeniable you tomorrow, tomorrow the president could sign. That was actually D two C farm advertising was an executive order from Reagan. It could be an executive order tomorrow. It's actually beautiful. You would cut 50% of mainstream media revenue. Yeah. And be on the moral high ground. You know that, that's absolutely something. So stop recommending the bad stuff and stop subsidizing.


There's also a host of things You can do before we get into any taxes, any bans, which I'm not even interested in talking about. Coke should exist, but it shouldn't be subsidized by food stamps. It shouldn't be recommended by the USDA as something okay. For kids. It shouldn't be funded billions of dollars by the federal government. Right. These things just shouldn't be incentivized and, and fund so, so You can You, can we have a whole host of executive orders to cut the recommendations, to cut the conflicts and then cut the incentives for these things? When Do we get to put the corrupt doctors in jail? I, sorry, sorry. So, so the, the, the, the, the stress. So you, you go to the motivations a lot. I think, again, the systemic genius of the whole system is that gives people plausible deniability.


I think that's, I would say though, you know, to add on to what Casey was saying earlier, that there's knowledge and we do need to start holding people accountable. Well, Kind of. And your sister's like the perfect example. It's like you, I just so strongly identify with the world you grew up in. 'cause I know it so well. And you just like, you are the highest achiever in your neighborhood and you find that the system you're living in is incompatible with your values. It's morally unacceptable to you. And you opt out, but you're the only one who opts out. So that raises questions about like, everyone who didn't opt out. Mm. I'm sorry. It Does. I've got a dark, I've got a dark sta for you. We talked about this in the book, the highest suicide RA rate of any profession.


Any profession in America's doctors, really. And the highest burnout rate. So what I see with that is that you don't, working hard doesn't make you super depressed and suicidal. Like, like missionaries aren't committing. Yeah, yeah. You know, working hard is good. Working hard on this mission. I feel really good about it. Me too. They actually had a New York Times article recently that identified what doctors are feeling towards soldiers. It's the same psychological dynamic that soldiers who get in the fight for the right reasons, but then are forced by their superiors to commit war crimes. It's actually a similar, they actually, the New York Times compared doctors to like Abu Garib, like soldiers who are forced to do horrible things or felt like they were forced. That's, I think what's happening to the medical profession.


It's, these are all good people. There's much easier ways to make money. They, we actually are this magnet that attracts the best and brightest from all of the world. I agree. We saddled them with debt. They have no other skills. And then they have societal expectations from their parents and all these credentials, but they do feel trapped. So I hope it's certainly inspiring me. It changed my whole life. Kind of learning from Casey's story. I hope more and more people realize that there's light moving away from this system. And I always go back to Elon, remember when he said, you know, you're speaking out about all these issues you care about, but advertisers are, are, are, are flocking away from you. And he goes, I don't give a fuck. Yeah. That's the attitude we need. I cannot, in the healthcare industry, we need some people with that type of attitude.


'cause that's, it's the same thing. It's like, well, all these children are dying, but, you know, what are you gonna, it's like, well, they're playing along with it. I've ta I'm talking to senior people at pharmaceutical companies and insurance companies. Everyone knows what's going on. It's like, ugh. It's hard. You know, we don't know what to do. We need some leadership. We need some leadership. But again, with simple executive orders, You can start changing these incentives. You can, You can start, You can start changing them. No, I, and you're right. And I, I think I'm too judgmental and I participated in an, an enormously corrupt system for my entire life. So until I was fired, it wasn't half as honorable as you.


Would you add anything to that? Yeah, I mean, I think the, what Kelly's talking about with the incentives is absolutely key. You know, why is 75% of the f FDA budget coming from pharma? But I think there's a couple other things we could also sort of do to really change things. I mean, one is that we need to stop recommending added sugar to two year olds, 10% of our diet. So that's easy, right? Like the science supports that. And actually when we were creating the 2020 to 2025 food guidelines for America, the medical advisory board to that panel said that we should absolutely reduce sugar recommendations from 10% to 6% of total calories. And it was rejected by the USDA Even. those the doctors said to do it. So all these conflicts, we need to get the sugar outta that. 'cause then it'll get, you know, we'll have better school lunches and we will not be telling parents that it's okay to give your kid 10 of their calories at two years old from added sugar.


Also, I think there's something really interesting we can do by actually using the existing tax and legal system to incentivize healthy purchases. 'cause right now the more, the healthier things are more expensive and that's a problem. And that's 'cause of our farm bills. So we need to change the farm bills, but we also need to give people more flexibility, use tax-free dollars to buy healthy products like organic food. And Cali has started an incredible company called TRUM Med, which is helping to allow this to happen. Where can't, why, why is it that we can use our H-S-A-F-S-A funding to buy drugs, but we can't use it to buy organic food. This is crazy. Like, this should be what we spend our tax advantage dollars on. So things like that. Creating more patient choice with HSAs. And I think, you know, we also need to talk about things like food marketing to children. You know, this, we're, we're one of the only developed countries that's allowing our TVs, Nickelodeon for 28% of the ads to children to be ultra processed foods that we know are associated with chronic disease.


And, you know, and so there's there's other things I think that would be very high yield that are just very basic. So let Let, lemme give you, lemme just give you one example that I think will be really relevant to people listening. Infertility is, is a huge issue as case. You mentioned PCOS, which is the leading cause of female infertility. 25%. Can you explain what that is? Yes. So, so very good question. So PCOS is the leading cause of female infertility. Anyone listening of childbearing age will know about this. It's an epidemic right now. It's gone up. It's, it's, you know, multiples in the past generation. What does it stand for? Polycystic ovarian syndrome. So Socy, Well, let's get into it. So, so, so that question you just asked, I know OBGYNs from Harvard who could not answer that question.


This is not an exaggeration. OBGYNs are not taught what the condition is. They're only taught what the intervention is. Okay. So Let's always start. I I know nothing about medicine or science, but I do know about interviews. Always start with the dumb questions first. Good. Yeah. If You can't answer the dumb questions, I don't believe You. So, so, so, so, so when a woman and many women listening will have PCOS and across their ob GN they're put on a cascading set of interventions that are pharmaceutical. Wait, Can you just tell me what it is? Yeah, Yeah. It's insulin resistance. It is not related to insulin resistance, which is on the spectrum. Diabetes. It is insulin resistance. PCOS is a metabolic condition case.


You can speak a little bit more to it. Yeah. But it's fundamentally related to the data. What is it? Can you describe its symptoms and Specific effects? Absolutely. So POS essentially you have an ovary. Yeah. That ovaries is making hormones. And when that ovary is stimulated by excess insulin, which is the hormone in the blood, that helps us take blood sugar out the blood and into the cells. Insulin levels go up in the setting of metabolic dysfunction, we basically destroy our cells with our toxic food and lifestyle. The cells can no longer process sugar to energy. So the cell rejects sugar and it stays in the bloodstream. The body compensates by making more insulin to dry and try and drive the sugar into the cell that's putting up a block because it's broken. Essentially that high insulin floats all around the body and does bad things all over the body, like drives cancer growth and also stimulates the ovary to make more testosterone.


So you have women who are supposed to be making, you know, estrogen and progesterone and very specific level throughout the hormone cycle so that we can ovulate. And instead insulin is driving the ovary to create testosterone, which totally disturbs the balance between all the sex hormones in the female body. And we don't ovulate. So you get these cysts that form because you've got an egg trying to basically like ovulate, but instead it can't 'cause the hormones are disrupted because of insulin, which is because of metabolic dysfunction, because of our food. And we get infertility because we're not ovulating. So, so, So lucky charms leads over time too. Yeah, a hundred percent. Absolutely. Hundred percent. It's our correct. And this condition is reversible quickly in as little as 12 weeks with dietary interventions.


There is peer reviewed studies to show this. If we get our blood sugar levels under control and our insulin levels under control, we restore the hormonal balance. And many women, all the symptoms will disappear and they'll be able to become fertile. And yet doctors do not learn. The average doctor is getting zero education in nutrition. And so they don't even see this. They reach the clomophine, the metformin, the treatment that the OBGYNs are giving to these women is a diabetes drug. And they're not talking about blood sugar. You know, we, we, I started a company called Levels, which consumers access to a device called a continuous glucose monitor. There are so many women in our community who have PCOS whose doctors who, who wanna understand their blood sugar so that they can naturally heal their PCOS.


Yes. And have babies. Right? And these are not devices that that they will give to. They'll only give it to late stage type two diabetics Even. those, we know that PCOS is insulin resistance. And that if we can monitor our blood sugar with this device and get our blood sugar under better control, it can absolutely set us up to sort of naturally heal. But it's not being talked about by the O GNS because doctors are not trained to see this. Th this is everything. Right? This, this connects everything Whoa connect. This is the future of our C right? Dis This is Fertility, this topic. Any woman dealing with infertility, this connects everything. 'cause the doctor doesn't know what Casey just described. Look, we've talked to 'em, they don't know. They did not learn the physiology of why people actually get this condition and they eat what they kill.


So what do they want more than anything? They want an IVF procedure. They want an invasive surgical procedure. IVF Of course, I mean, assisted technology's is, is skyrocketing clinic. All the Economic perspective, it's a goal, it's a goldmine. If that woman goes on a keto diet, which is the best reversal technique for A-P-C-O-S ever studied 12 weeks, they are robbing that doctor just from an economic perspective of tens of thousands of dollars for a gruesome invasive IVF procedure. Which is a great procedure. But I think we all should agree. Like that woman across the table would love to hear that there's a more natural way and just, just the correct way to reverse this condition.


Which by the way, There are big time downsides to IVF. Of course I not mention of course, if a woman's, it's if the woman doesn't heal the underlying metabolic issue's, gonna have more issues, hand issues for the baby too. Like not healing the root. Even if you get pregnant with IVF, which is wonderful if that can happen, if you're not healing the root cause issues of the metabolic dysfunction that's affecting the fetus and affecting the mom's future risk of disease. So by ignoring this, we're, we're just continuing to put people on this treadmill. This is what happened to my mom. And I just wanna be super clear, like the picture of doctors here is very negative. But like, again, I just wanna emphasize like, doctors are not doing this nefariously. Like there is just a systemic misunderstanding. And, there are many doctors who are waking up and teaching themselves these types of things.


But it is very still very fringe and small. And Well, their vacation houses are paid for by committing more interventions. They, they're highly, it's Easy for me to judge them because I don't know them well. But I just wanna refer you back to your own life and the decisions you made. Yeah. And I think that's gonna be very hard for a lot of people. And you had advantages as you've said. On the other hand, you're the only person I've ever met who's done that. And that's pretty discouraging. That's a pretty discouraging, there Is a tribe, I will say it's happening. There is a tribe. It's coming from the bottom up there. You know, this is functional medicine you spoke with, you know, mark Hyman for instance. Yeah. Like, there are people, this, there is a movement. It's happening. And you look at what's happening, independent media, you're talking about this Joe Rogan's talking about this.


People care. People are listening and people are waking up. But it's not a Boutique issue. No. It's numbers. So overwhelmed. Americans want to be healthy. That's the thing. Doctors are trained to think patients are noncompliant and lazy. That is not true. People are flocking to patients. Americans want to be healthy, but the entire system's ready to go. Okay. So that leads me to my last topic that I hope we can get. And I hope you'll be, be as personal and specific as You can be. What do you eat? No, I'm so, and don't be embarrassed like it. 'cause I think if anyone who's made it to this point in the conversation's like this is a bigger deal than I realized it was. The consequences to me personally are the worst possible. Yeah. Pancreatic cancer, Alzheimer's, there's nothing worse.


Yeah. So, and but you're absolutely right. Both of you made the point. Poor people are to disadvantage. That's one liberal talking point. That's true. They are. The stuff's expensive. The only people I know who know anything about this or rich people, privileged people, people. It's who weaponized against them. Well, I yeah, can tell that. That's true. So, but even if You can afford, you know, to buy expensive food, like how do you do that? What do you, what do you do? Yeah. What do you eat? What don't you eat? The number one thing that people need to understand is we need to stop eating ultra processed food. We need to stop eating. So what is Ultrapro? Can you just give like examples? Absolutely. So ultra processed food is basically all the things that are, you're seeing at the grocery store that have this laundry list of ingredients that usually are based on three ingredients, ultra processed flour, ultra processed added sugars, and ultra processed seed oil.


So this is gonna be like white flour, you know, cane sugar and things like cotton seed oil, safflower oil, sunflower oil, soybean oil. So these, these crappy foods that did not exist 150 years ago, ultra fine white flour, added sugars and, and, and seed oils. That's Like all brand name foods. It's like everything. I mean, we have a list in the book of what you should not eat. And it's basically everything at the grocery store. I mean, we should all be shopping at the, there are 9,000 farmer's markets in the United States right now. People can make the effort and reprioritize their values to focus on getting nutritious food. We need to be eating organic unprocessed foods for the vast majority of our calories. And we need to get back to having a sense of pride and responsibility in our households to cook food.


You know, one of the, one of the unintentional downsides of the feminist movement is that we somehow made people feel that food preparation was like a less than activity. I bought into this for my entire early professional life that like, that it was somehow beneath me. I was like a slave in the kitchen if I was cooking for husband or family. There is no more important thing we can be doing than feeding our children and our families. Healthy food. Less than 30% of American families are eating together more than once per week. We need to be sitting down at the dinner table, eating real unprocessed food, cooked with love at home. There is, there is no way to drug ourselves out of the fact that, you know, we eat 70, we eat 40 to 70 metric tons of food in our lifetime. It's a lot of food. Right? This is the molecular information that is building our bodies, building our brains, making our hormones, feeding our microbiome.


The food is what we are built of. And right now 70% of it is trash made from a factory to addict us. of course we're sick. So that is number one. So to answer your question very specifically, I don't follow dietary dogma. I eat organic unprocessed foods that I buy at the farmer's market. And I cook every single meal for my partner and I, and when I have children in the next few years, I am so deeply excited to cook every meal for them from scratch because there's nothing more important. And so, you know, for people who can't necessarily get to a farmer's market, it's go to cost men. You are radical. I love It. How is this radical? It's not, isn't it wild that this is radical? It's so, It's such a total rejection at every level of the values of our society, which I just, Well, and I had to wake up.


I was so deep in this in my twenties, I cannot even tell you. Like, I was deep, deep in the opposite of this. Yes. And so, you know, I believe that people, no one wants to be sick, you know? No. And but the answer is on our fork. So I would say to get very specific now, organic fruits, vegetables, nuts, seeds, beans, legumes, meat, poultry, eggs, game meats, grass fed, organic pasture raised. What About cheese? Cheese, dairy. But grass, high quality fed, high quality, organic. The molecular information in these factory cow, you know, these factory farmed cows that are jammed with antibiotics and hormones. That milk is not what you wanna be drinking.


We need cows. The problem is the milk. It's the quality. It's the quality of the milk. You know, organic food has more nutrients than non-organic food. We need to be. So is It hard to find, like, I love cheese for example. Love cheese. So if I just, It's it Costco now grass fed, grass fed cheese. Okay. You know, I mean, how wild is it that it's illegal to buy raw milk in this country? Or if It's imported from Europe? Honestly imported from Europe. Yeah. Because they're gonna have much better Standards. They have, they have Parmesan at Costco that's imported from Europe. It's, it's, it's, it's fine that the lactose and all these allergies that have all just started in the past 30 years are because of the, the toxicity of the food, not the food itself. All these foods, anything that we ate, you know, 10,000 years ago that we're evolutionary made to eat is, is generally fine.


It's, it's what's been done to the food. So, you know, pasture raised, a pasture raised, which has just been beef for all of history up until like industrial farm graz cows. It is like that, that just means they're outside not getting poisoned. Raised as they know they're eating grass. Now most industrial farm meat, right? They're inside, they're, you know, have cortisol 'cause they're so stressed and they're eating GMO corn and soy that impacts their biology. So actually the, the, the factory farm meat has a much higher omega six content. Whereas one's eating grass outside or Omega-3, much more Omega-3 fatty acids, omega six is inflammatory.


Omega-3 is not. So actually, and, and again, we go through this in the book, but just being on a path of curiosity about this eating food, how it's meant to be made and meant to be raised. You know, you're, you're, you, you, the actual biology and makeup of the food itself is different when it's factory farms. So you're actually, when you're eating a traditionally industrial raised meat, you're much more inflammatory items are going into your body. So, so you just always need to strive. That's why we do think, and there's problems with the organic designations, but as much as You can get away from the pesticides being spread on this food, as much as You can get to what, how the food has been raised, you know, for, for all of history up until a couple, you know, generations ago.


Because the way the food is manufactured and the stuff that is put on food is very corrupt. It's just not the case in other countries. So as much as You can get to, to how it's been made forever, the better. And that's why we say and how if we were in charge of everything, I would fire every tr and I truly mean this. I'm not joking. I'd fire every single nutrition scientist in the government. I'd stop every single, you know, all this complicated nutrition guidelines. The, the point of the USDA putting out thousands of studies, literally, and all this guidance is to confuse people. 'cause they're bought off by the food companies. I'd replace it with one guideline is that we need to, as a public policy matter, reduce po reduce alter processed food consumption among children.


Where are you on sugar? Well, yeah, I mean, sugar is, the amount of added sugar that we're eating in this country is astronomical. The average American is eating over a hundred pounds of added sugar per year. In the 18 hundreds, it was less than five pounds. So we're eating, we are overwhelming our bodies with this material that is destroying our cellular health. Like all of that, the body has to do something with all of that sugar. Right? And so the, the body is prime knows how to turn sugar into energy. That's what the mitochondria does. That's what metabolic health is. Okay. But if, if you're putting on, you know, 10, 20, 30 times the amount of sugar, the substrate for energy that the body that then the body has been used to doing or can handle, you're gonna gum up the system, you're gonna destroy the system.


It's too much work for the body. So what happens? We get dysfunction, we get metabolic dysfunction, we get pre-diabetes and diabetes and where does all that sugar go? Sugar gets converted to fat. Okay. And so that's why we're, we're all getting so heavy in part because of all this excess sugar we're eating that has to go somewhere. It's literally converted to fat in the body. And so it's, it's, it's astronomical. And 50% of Americans now have a blood sugar disorder. This Sit back tell to processed food. Okay? So liquid sugar in the form of a Coke, right? You chug one coke, that's like the sugar of, you know, 15 oranges, right? And the oranges have the fiber. So you couldn't even physically eat all of the whole food, unprocessed food to get the sugar that's weaponized in those sugary drinks.


And all the things we're getting at Starbucks and all the things kids are drinking all even juice, which Michelle Obama is now supporting as sugary a sugar water fuzzy. Literally she, she, she is now sugar water, sugar water for kids because It's a better than soda option. But it's, it's, it's still high in sugar. So, so why is she doing that? Because she wants to make money. Oh, so she's like a flack for some sugar company? Oh no, no. She partnered with a private equity company that specializes in junk food influencer partnerships, actually. Oh yeah. They're, they're a private equity company stop that works on the rocks energy drink and, and to specializes in partnerships to our high level influencers partner to promote junk food. And she is the chief spokesperson and co-founder of pzi, which is a sugar water for kids.


It has less sugar than sodas. It's addictive. So they can advertise that it's better than juice or it's sugar Water. Kids should be drinking water To save for cigarette and milk. You know, you know, what if Michelle Obama said that, what if Michelle Obama endorsed water Bottles, stop drinking sugar water diet kids Shouldn't be drinking sugar. Like, like, like the fact that the USDA and Michelle Obama can't say that Michelle Obama was right in the first year talking about food, but she was directly bought off. She was directly influenced by the food companies. They, John Kerry, you know, Theresa Hines, there was a lot of people that got to Michelle, this is well documented. And she shifted everything to exercise. And the exercise group that she then partnered with was actually funded by ultra processed food companies. And she shifted all to exercise and totally stopped talking about food and to exercise.


Well, anyone who's ever tried to lose weight knows that the exercise is super important. It's good for you food, but you're not gonna lose it. Time You Can. Yeah. You know, that's The crazy thing about the, the Calley talked about the, the soda and how it's weaponized. I really wanna drive that point. Home fructose corn syrup, which is what's in a lot of these drinks, was invented in the 1970s. This is a brand new substance and the invention of high fructose corn syrup, which is subsidized by the government through commodity crop farm bill subsidies to corn. So it's basically we're giving the soda companies this cheaper product, which is then turned into high fructose corn syrup. Something interesting about fructose that we learned from bears who hibernate is that aside from other calories that you eat them and they cue satiety with fructose, a very interesting molecule.


It's found in berries. And when you have an animal who needs to go into hibernation, they need to pack on fat in their body. Right? So before hibernation you have to load your body with fat. Oh yeah. So fructose aside from other calories, different than other calories, actually does not cue satiety. It cues a feed forward violence and aggression mechanism in that animal. It's basically outcompete all other animals to eat as many berries as possible in the fall. To store fat, which is fructose, creates metabolic dysfunction, causes us to turn our sugar to fat to basically store fat for winter. So soda companies know all this. So they put this, this molecule in the sodas that you're chugging, which is like Calley said, like 15 oranges and what the fructose you'd get in this.


And it's causing kids to be insatiably hungry because essentially it's telling their brains that winter is coming pack on the fat. But of course that winter is in The, of know This Absolutely. Whole foods are great. You know, anything that is a whole food that has not been broken down into its constituent parts and made into a Franken food in a factory by a multinational corporation is a food that I'm gonna eat. And I'm, the reason I choose organic or regenerative is because that berry, a berry just in a grocery store that's non-organic, is gonna have less nutrients in it than the berry that you buy from, you know, a farm. These foods contain anti-cancer compounds. They contain tens of thousands of molecules.


Literally medicine that changes our gene expression. This is nutrigenomics it. Yeah. That it all gets lost when you process the food. And it's nothing short of gaslighting to, you know, convince us that these tons of food we eat are kind of this like, like fringe science. And these pills are the only thing that's serious science. I mean, these truly are medicine. I just say Tucker, you know, we get so confused, and this is a core point we try to drive home in the book, is that there's confusion by design. There's not an epidemic of people, I guarantee you, that are eating 90% non ultra processed food diet that have health epidemics. Like, like, like I don't care if you're carnivore or vegan because if you're on that path of being curious for you and your family and taking that rebellion to actually cook and, and eat whole food, you're gonna adjust, you're gonna look at your blood tests and make certain, it's different for everybody.


But just as a public policy matter, as a spiritual matter in the country, we should be trying to engender more awe and curiosity about what we're putting on our bodies. Yes. Yes. That's right. And you know, we, and I wanna be clear to everyone watching this is not about lecturing you or your family to eat, you know, any type of food. I'm making the point that there has really been something done to us. I don't think the American people are just a lazy, suicidal population where everyone wants 94% of the country wants to be. No, but that's such a smart point. The curiosity. I had a weird childhood with food been so I, I'm blaming my childhood. of course, of course. I never really care about food. Wow. And I'll just, you know, whatever's there, I'll eat it.


Lowest common denominator type thing. I've always gotten fat every year, have to slow down, you know what I mean? My wife, I've been with 40 years in September, same weight when I met her. She's really interested in food. She's not gonna put something in her mouth that's not good for her. She knows what it is. She's always been this way since the mid eighties when I met her. And she's way healthier. Mm. And I, I, I feel my brother's the same way. Like they're interested in food. Yeah. Therefore they're, they're pretty healthy actually. Yeah. And it's, it's the lack of curiosity. Like I never think about. It's just pizza pizza's good. Like that's what I know. Mm. And the basic way to start with that curiosity is read labels, right. If there's, there's ingredients on a package.


And my reading glasses, Well, not to you, but like, you know, it's like might, it might be interesting for people to just look at labels and if you cannot understand a word on that package, like what these ingredients are, if you can't visualize it, you probably shouldn't be putting it. What Food do you think makes you feel best? Since we're talking about food? Like what do you really enjoy eating when you eat it and you're like, I feel great, this is actually good for me. I can feel that it's good for me. Well, I mean, for me it's the freshest possible foods. Foods that I, you know, that I know the farmer and I got it from the farmer's market. Yeah. And they're beautiful. And I think this is this, this sort of gaslighting, I think there's been this incredible dissociation. It's, it's indoctrinated in us from childhood to not trust our intuition. Right? Like, to think that is true. We have to, we have to give our power away because we're dumb and we're not smart.


And it's built into every level. The healthcare system. I mean, in, in many American states, patients don't even own their healthcare records because basically doctors don't believe, don't trust patients in understanding that they can understand legally They don't own their Own, they don't own them like the doctor or the hospital does. Because we have so built in this idea that patients are not, not smart enough to understand their own health. So from, from, and this even plays into HIPAA and all these laws about patient privacy. It's like, oh, you know, we have to, we have to sequester, have you ever tried to get your healthcare records? It's impossible, right? Because we have, I don't know, my own blood type and I don't know anyone else who knows his own blood type. Right? That's why is that By design, right? Because if You can keep, that's why Wouldn't know your Blood type. Because if You can keep people ignorant about their own health, then there's a power dynamic where You can sort of give them any solutions.


So this gets back to food because I think a lot of this comes back to trusting our intuition. When I, every Sunday after I go to the farmer's market, I lay out all the food, you know, the, the venison that came from, you know, someone who owns a beautiful ranch outside of la the the beautiful heirloom tomatoes that are colorful with purples, the, the watermelon radishes. And I lay it all out on my counter and I literally pray with it. Like this is, this is awe inspiring to me. This is all the atoms and the molecules that over the next week or two are gonna make up my cells. They're going to become me. I am going to take on the characteristics of this food. And I know I look at that food and if I stop and let myself trust my intuition, I know this food is healthy for me.


I just know it. You and, and, but we've been so divorced from our common sense by design. There's no fat giraffes, right? There's no, there's no, they, they know, right? But we've been told that we can't understand. Every sixth grader in America can understand basic biology, metabolic health and nutrition. But we have been told it's too complicated. Like Calley said by design, confusion is the product. So to, to answer your question, what makes me feel good, it's the freshest, most beautiful foods that I have completed under awe for. Because those molecules and atoms are gonna go into my body. They're gonna heal my, they're gonna heal anything that's going wrong. They're, they're gonna change my gene expression. They're gonna fortify my immune system. They're gonna make, they're gonna feed my microbiome, which makes 95% of my serotonin, which lets me think and have creative ideas and love my partner and all these things.


It's going to be my partner and my bodies and my future children's bodies. Right? And so I am in awe and reverence of food. And I think that, and I, I do, I I I bless it because it's going to become me. And I think we need to get back that appreciation. of course. Shouldn't the medical authorities what, again, take policy aside, what if the, our medical leaders started talking about this. We have a medical crisis. I've never heard anybody talk like that. We have a medical crisis. We have a medical crisis right now. And that is the science that is following the science. Right? And that should be the message from doctors. And, and, and, and, and you know, Casey, I don't wanna gloss over this. There's a, there's a metabolic health crisis among babies that are born, mothers are passing metabolic dysfunction and, and essentially almost pre-diabetes onto kids en mass.


That's how bad this has gotten. Like kids are being born with dysfunctional microbiomes and metabolic dysfunction. And like, you know, literally, I've talked to Harvard doctors about that. I talked on one of the podcasts about this to a Harvard doctor, and she said that's a case for Ozzy. That that babies are being born with such horrible metabolic dysfunction that we need to start jabbing them right away. I say that's a sign of a crisis. Well, if, and the fact that babies are being born sick is actually, you know, maybe not a, maybe we shouldn't be doing more of the same and just keep drugging them more. We should actually be asking why baby, there's a metabolic health crisis among babies. Yeah. There's a crisis in the way that we think. Yeah. I I think it's a root Of a lot of, I think what's tapping, you know, the, the, the biggest societal, I think dynamic, historical dynamic of the past, you know, decade has been this populous uprising towards institutions.


I don't think people can quite put their finger on it all the time. But there's this frustration that we're being really being let down to me what's happening to our health and the gas lane that's having our health and the fact that we're not hearing things like this and hearing that drugs are our saviors and just keep doing more of the same from industries that are profiting from that sickness. To me it is actually is the number one example. What's fueling this populous frustration. Healthcare is the largest industry and it's something that's impact these incentives, I think I would argue are impacting Americans across the kitchen table and impacting lives more than any other industry. Hey, can I just ask one last question? Yeah. So one of the things I noticed about both of you is your mental acuity. Obviously you're smart, but it's more than just smart. You're sharp and fast and you have very quick recall.


You're just crisp. And I noticed the way people talk, obviously, because I talk for a living. Thank you. How big in a f So food, bad food dulls you, I've always noticed that. Absolutely. What? Well, I mean one of, for so many reasons, Tucker, but I mean I, to name a couple of them. You know, if you have a big blood sugar swing, which the average American, because the vast majority of our calories are coming from ultra processed food that turn into glucose in our bloodstream, blood sugar, right? When you have a big glucose spike and crash that is associated with reduced fact recall, literally that crash and spike, you know, like the post meal crash. Like you eat something and then you might feel lethargic afterwards. That's in part because your blood sugar is skyrocketing and crashing. The average American child is probably on this rollercoaster all day long.


We want stable, steady blood sugar levels, so we're not crashing it Crashing. It's making us dumber then that's not, It's, it's, and then, so that's the short term, right? Over the long term, we're building the machine of the body out of shoddy materials, right? And that's gonna impact our brains. It's gonna impact our, you know, the way that our, we think and, you know, our microbiome makes a lot of our neurotransmitters and we are just trashing our microbiome now, right? With ultra processed food. No fiber, fiber feeds the microbiome. The 95% of Americans aren't getting enough fiber. So we're not feeding the thing inside of us that makes our neurotransmitters, that helps us think this is insanity. And then we're trashing the microbiome with antibiotics which destroy our mi. We're overusing antibiotics like crazy, which destroy our microbiome and increase our risk of depression and other issues on Three times more suicidal the year after taking them.


What? So, So there is just, it's all out warfare and, and, and it makes you kind of step back and think like, what's happening here? Like, we have this kind of like, sort of like doled out dumb, I'm not saying the Americans don't, I'm saying that like, it's making us, There's forces that want to Do, it's reducing our IQs, it's making us lose our minds early with Alzheimer's. It's making our kids not able to sit down and learn because of A DHD and autism rates that are skyrocketing. And it's all going up all at once. And we know it's because of our toxic food systems and the chemicals in our environment, and we're not protecting kids. And that is very sinister. And I think, you know, on the biggest macro level, like at the, kind of the most zoomed out spiritual level, like, I think, you know, what we have to realize is that like we are miracles, like every human is a miracle.


This life is a miracle. Like this is, we are, I mean, spiritual beings having this insane experience on planet earth. And fundamentally the thing that we're doing with metabolic health is we're making energy in the body, right? The way we're doing that is we're taking food that got its energy from the sun, right? Like the sun literally photosynthesis happens. It creates starches and plants, and then we eat them, or animals eat them. And what metabolism is, is taking the starches that are stored energy from the sun through photosynthesis, liberating it in our bodies to create energy, to fuel our minds and to fuel our bodies so that we can think and reach our highest purpose. And right now, in the vast majority of Americans, our toxic food system is blocking that process, which means it's blocking the miraculous process of essentially taking this beautiful, this is not woo woo, this is just fact of science, taking this universal sun light energy and liberating it to fuel our lives that is broken.


This is dark, this is very dark. Americans are not only sick, but the core process of being able to create, you know, and transform energy is broken. And we need to fix this. 'cause we, we need all hands on deck right now in America to solve these big issues. And we need to be thinking properly, feeling good, and we can rapidly with some of these simple changes. I Don't think I can add to that. And as I said, a an hour ago, I, I do think you're gonna change the world. I mean that, I mean that, and this is the book. I never, I never do this 'cause it feels so grubby and commercial. But in this case, I mean it Good Energy. So, and that was Good. Energy. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you Tucker. Thanks for listening to The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made.


The complete library, Tucker Carlson com.