
This episode is brought to you by Enterprise Mobility, from fleet management to flexible truck rentals to technology solutions. Enterprise mobility helps businesses find the right mobility solutions so they can find new opportunities. Because if your business is on the road, they wanna make sure it's on the road to success. Enterprise mobility, moving you moves the world, find your road@enterprisemobility.com.


So you've been flying for a living since 1991, so that's almost 35 years, which is amazing for the rest of us. We're about the same age. It seems like commercial air travel in the United States has declined in like at a shocking level rate. It's just much worse. Every, a lot of things have gotten better. We have the internet and iPhones. Why is commercial air travel in this country and not around the world, but in this country specifically, like much worse than it was. What is that?


Well, I think legitimately there's been a corporate change in this country. ESG started to take over. You've got the Larry Finks of the world that are driving corporations or, or, or CEOs toward issues that not necessarily are customer oriented. Yeah. Yeah. And so w when OESG doesn't help the customer, Well, not the internal customer anyway. So as we go through this process, this slow creep, those need to, to set a investment score, people with differing ideas of customer service and what's important are able to drive forward their message.


So we get away from customer service. Airlines run on three things, right? They're run on fuel planes and people, when we start taking the people outta the mix, right, because it's all about buying more airplanes, it's about driving that score so we can drive the share prices so that we can then get the lower financing rate to get airplanes. We go away from that time when a Gordon Bethune or or, or a Herb Kelleher said, you take care of your internal people, they'll take care of your customer. So everything's bottom line now, Tucker, And yet, ESG is not really like, strictly speaking, bottom line, it pleases Larry Fink, who's probably done more than any person to really hurt this country.


But sure, sidebar. But it, you know, for your average customer, you're like, well, you get the feeling that like incompetent people are in air traffic control. Incompetent people are in the cockpit. I dunno if that's true or not, but it, it shakes people's faith scares the crap outta people. And then planes start crashing. And you're like, that's why that seems like against the core interest of the business. I would agree, but because people at the corporate level wanna drive the interest rates down to be able to grow, because it's all about expanding who is the biggest. Right? And so they have to follow some of those mandates. Yes. And so then we start looking at a particular CEO who said, in 21, 50% of my incoming pilots will be women or people of color.


First of all, that number is impossible. They don't exist. But when you take merit out of it and you start hiring people based on an attribute that has nothing to do with flying airplanes or controlling them, you start moving down a path of incompetence. And it breeds itself all the way down throughout every department in the airline. Nicely Put, I should note the obvious, which is that you are a woman. Yeah. And you started flying, you said commercially in 1991, the year I left college. So like, there can't have been too many female pilots flying commercially in 1991. Well, the Original 21 PI female airline pilots broke the glass ceiling.


I didn't break it, but I kind of crawled through because of them. And you know, on we go. But in all of my career, I've always been one of the guys. I'm an airman. I'm proud to be an airman. You can't call me an air person. I've earned it because I've done exactly what everyone else has done. And so when a passenger comes on And they look in the cockpit now today, they look a little sideways. If there's a woman up here, definitely. And especially if I might be sitting next to a Hispanic or an African American, they're wondering how we got our jobs. Yes, that is absolutely right. So DEI hurts those that weren't a product of it as well. And that's unfair to me and to my coworkers. So have you noticed this internally?


You, you said A-A-A-C-E-O of an airline announced four years ago that we're gonna hire 50% female or non-white pilots. But do, do you feel that as a pilot, do you notice the standards changing? I don't know that I noticed the standard changing, but I know what's expected of me has changed. Hmm. Quarterly we have co a computer-based training and it was kind of insidious the way they crept it in here. First, it's a little, don't discriminate against people. The next thing's a little more, at Meyer Airline last year, I was asked in the DEI training to certify that Tom says, who is now Kathy, that he's a woman, therefore he's always been a woman.


Now wait a minute, I'm a faithful person. He's a dude in a dress. Yes. And I am not going to agree that I will believe that he's always been a woman. So I said, no. Several people said no, we had to apply for religious accommodations. And then we were asked to do what we always do, which is just treat people with dignity and respect. Amen. I've done that forever. You know, I don't care what, who, who you love. Right? But I do, I will always treat you with dignity and respect, but only because of the pushback. Now this year's training, they've dialed it back, but they're trying to creep the things in that don't matter. Tucker, what matters is how to fly an approach. Do you know the regulations? Are you safe?


Right. This other stuff is distracting and it's distracting at the FAA as well. So how, has anyone explained why it's relevant? The color of a pilot? No, I have no idea. So it started with like, we have, you know, you're probably racist, we have to make you non-racist. Sure. And then it goes from there to, it's really important, the skin color of a pilot is really important somehow. But no one ever says why No. Or, or you know, whether they wear a dress or pants. Right. In my case, so, you know, in, in the US, 96.4% of all pilots are male. Yep. Right? So there's like less than 4% female airline transport pilots.


We can do everything. And I'm an advocate for doing everything we can to get people interested in the job. But Tucker, there are some people who just don't need to be doing the job either. And you can't fit a square peg in a round hole. I can teach anyone to fly. Sure. But there's some that I would not want in my Family. Have you seen those people? Oh yeah. Oh Yeah. Like, gimme an example. One of my first students, female, I tried to teach her how to fly. She could fly, but she just couldn't put it back together. You know, when you go around, it's pushed the power up. And it was dainty. It was just, just some skill sets that they just don't have an aggression. And, you know, a willingness to get out there and learn it, you know, To manhandle the machine, right?


Yeah. You Have to be in control, especially an a Cessna, right? Yeah. You know, it's, it's not like my auto throttle big 7 67 autopilot, et cetera. But the bigger problem we're having today is because it's a lucrative career. A lot of people want, they've been talked into getting involved, and so they see the money. They might not be quite fit for it. I'm, I'm also a college professor. I teach human factors for Indiana Wesleyan. So I deal with a lot of the undergraduates and the people coming up. People quit their jobs midlife, oh, I'm gonna chase the money. I don't realize what they're doing. And, and it's a different generation and my son is of that generation, so I don't wanna speak badly of them, but the priorities are different. Right. And so to get them to understand the commitment that it takes to succeed in this career and to get all the way through it, and then to have them, you know, it's kind of entitlement if I can say that.


Yeah. You know, And they grow up. And I don't want people to think I'm saying, you know, I walked a mile in the snow to school, therefore you're not qualified. Right, right. But airplane technology has changed. We learned to manhandle those Cessna one 70 twos, and from that we learned how to manhandle the next biggest airplane. These kids are growing up in glass cockpits with computers. They're learning to fly with their fingers when they get to the airlines. It's not an aviator that's coming there. It's an operator. And so when they take off, put the autopilot on, fly the autopilot with auto throttles to landing, ask Al Haynes in Sioux City, Iowa, how to fly an airplane without an autopilot. He saved a lot of lives.


That skill is not there. And it takes time to build that skill. We could even take those young 1500 hours and we're doing it, but it takes a long time to mentor. So we've got pilots now that are coming in at minimum skills, having learned on glass cockpits. And in a year upgrading to captain, I had 12 years of watching the good in the bad of the airline world. And I took the good from 'em and I left the bad behind. And I think I'm a pretty decent captain now. But those kids are jumping so fast and then they're running the unions because they're young and they're eager. And so as old people are saying, Hey, you know what, we're at a critical moment where we don't have qualified pilots.


We'd like to keep them a little longer. We'd be willing to work an extra couple years. But they vote And they say, no, get outta my seat. Old man or old woman, excuse me. They don't wanna raise the pilot age. So the airline pilots association is complicit in the problem. It, it feels like everything is fine until there's a problem. So you, you read about, even now, even now, you read about plane stalling. You know, something happens and the plane just falls out of the sky. And I've read a number of times of trained pilots who, you know, a apply the throttle and point upwards as it's stalling, which I don't think is the right, no, that's not right. It's the opposite I of what you're supposed to do.


But they panic under pressure. So that seems like a huge problem if you're not screening carefully for temperament, ability to think clearly under duress. And you're not allowing people to accumulate relevant experience before turning over the cockpit to them. No, I would agree. Like, like describe, if You don't mind, since you've flown for so long a scenario where something goes wrong unexpectedly, and you have to think independently from the autopilot. Well, the most dangerous part of your flight, most people don't know it, is take off in a jet. Yep. Right. Why? Why is it most dangerous? As we get to the end of the runway at critical speed V one, we call it V one lift off the airplane is at full power and you have an engine failure.


Now you have asymmetrical thrust. And so it's very critical to lower the nose, do the proper steps. And a lot of times there's critical terrain. So we have a path we have to fly. And a lot of things are happening very quickly. And so doing it by the book, it's what we train for over and over and over again. Losing An engine on takeoff. On takeoff, it is the most critical point of your entire flight. And so that's what we train for. That's what they pay me for. Yeah. They don't pay me for, for the simple stuff, the, you know, landings and crews and altitude and all that. They pay me for that V one cut. Really? V one cut. Yes. Right at the speed. We call it V one, velocity one.


So at that critical speed is when we V one, rotate the airplane off the runway engine failure, asymmetrical thrust kicks in a whole bunch of rudder to a seven, six. It takes a lot. You know, you gotta stand on it, get it straight and fly it up to roughly 800 feet lower the nose worth the checklist. And it's a two man job. That's critical reason we can't go to single pilot. How is it a two-man job? Because Somebody's gotta read the checklist and somebody's gotta fly the airplane. I can't fly that airplane. Looking down at that checklist, Do, I mean, that does happen. Right? And everyone we've had that I can remember has been extremely successful. Really? So people survived.


All people Survived the last actual death in the US transport category outside of the commuters 2005 Southwest. And it actually was an onboard the plane. It was at the gas station across the street of Midway. So we have an incredible safety record, but we have that safe safety record because the people up front, right. The system's kind of working against us though. I don't know if you've seen the preliminary results of the DCA midair. No, We have a serious problem. So describe what you think happened there. It's not what I think happened. So D so DCA, the, the plane that hit the helicopter over the potoma, The helicopter that hit the airplane over Being the in-town air airport in Washington. Sorry, I shouldn't speak in Language.


Washington Reagan National. Thank You. Now I know what I know from watching the NTSB press conference. Yes. And Chairwoman was speaking, she explained several things. It's only preliminary. No blame was assigned at this point. I have my personal belief on blame. But the design of the system failed those passengers. Okay. The way that route through there was designed, they looked back for 11 years, 945 plus thousand potential incursions. In 11 years, my teeth hit the floor.


I mean, I thought we had air traffic control to prevent that. We Do. But the problem she detailed is the design of the system. That approach, if the helicopter is in the right place, the perfect ideal place, the clearance between the approaching aircraft and the helicopter at one point is as low as 75 feet the road. Come on, Watch her, watch her debrief. I was astounded. The rotor blades on that helicopter are like 30 feet radius. Holy cow. And now we know the helicopter was outside of the ideal place. And obviously 75 feet tucker.


When I pre-flight an airplane between, between my first officer and myself, the regulation says they have to be within 75 feet. So right there, we've taken out the protection. What in the world was the FAA doing? And this is in the nation's capitol. And these are military helicopters and commercial aircraft. All eyes are on that airport. That airport has all kinds of restrictions on it. After nine 11, you know better than anybody. Yeah. You know, no private aviation, all this stuff, they really pay a lot of attention. It's like 10 seconds from the White House. So if they're that sloppy at DCA of all airports, right? What the hell are they doing in Santa Monica or, or wherever. Yeah. You know, Wichita or you know, LAX.


Yeah. Boma. Yeah. Who knows, who knows? Where does the data go? The problem is the fas twofold master. Right? A regulatory body and a promotion of the industry. So What is it, I'm sorry. I dunno what that means. Promotion of the industry. The charge to the FAA is to promote air travel in the United States and to regulate it. Huh? It's on, that's been their mandate from the beginning. Yeah. Really? Yes. So, so they're the policemen and the PR agent, I guess Because how did Boeing get the right to self-certify the max? Right? What does it mean self-certify the max? So an inspector didn't have to go.


Look at the 7 37 max Boeing had the right to certify itself. Really that's been pulled back. Everything that happens in aviation, every regulation happens as the result of blood. Right? And so nobody's being proactive in this agency. Now I love, I love Secretary Duffy and I love his attitude. And it looks like the, the new nominee for the FAA administrator is great, but the question is the next level bureaucrats, these are people who have for their entire careers, be it at and a lot came from the military. They like sitting behind green government desks and drinking green government, or excuse me, drinking government coffee. And so, you know, to like, have to get up and go over there and look at those reports or do something with them that's, that's gotta change.


So last year at home, And there are these boxes in the kitchen. I wonder what these are. Open up one. And they are tortilla chips made by a company I'd never heard of called Masa Masa. Chips are not like other tortilla chips in that they are all natural. They're only three ingredients in the chips And there are no seed oils whatsoever. My wife had ordered these 'cause she's a healthy person. And so I immediately hit them hard and they're delicious. And not only are they delicious, they don't make you feel bad. You hit any kind of chip on the market in the United States, eat a whole bag of 'em, for example. And man, you do not feel good. I'm not gonna get more specific, but you just, ugh. It's like a head injury. You eat a bag of Masa Chips and I can confirm this 'cause I did. And you feel great. You feel totally fine 'cause it's real food. There's nothing weird in there. There are no weird chemicals in once again, there are no seed oils. Just three simple ingredients. And so I thought, well this is a pretty amazing company making a snack food that's not gonna kill you. And You don't have to feel bad about it. It's like basically what your grandparents ate. So we reached out to Masa and said, Hey, if you ever do advertising, we'd love to advertise 'em 'cause we love the chips. And they said Sure. And so that's what we're doing right now. We're telling the truth about something that we eat and love and we think is great. And recommend it strongly on the basis of more personal experience than I want to admit in public. But they're really, really good. So You can go to Masa Chips dot com slash discount slash tucker to start snacking. Well, you get 20% off your first order. We enjoy them.


Hope


Tucker says it best. Their credit card companies are ripping Americans off. And enough is enough. This is Senator Roger Marshall of Kansas. Our legislation, the Credit Card Competition Act would help in the grip Visa and MasterCard have on us. Every time you use your credit card, they charge you a hidden fee called a swipe fee. And they've been raising it without even telling you. This hurts consumers and every small business owner. In fact, American families are paying $1,100 in hidden swipe fees each year. The fees Visa and MasterCard charge Americans are the highest in the world. Double candidates and eight times more than Europe's. That's why I've taken action. But I need your help to help get this passed. I'm asking you to call your senator today and demand they pass the credit card Competition Act Paid for by the Merchants Payments Coalition. Not authorized by any candidate or candidates committee. www.merchantspaymentscoalition.com.


Your data is like gold to hackers. They're selling your passwords, bank details, and private messages. McAfee helps stop them. Secure. VPN keeps your online activity private AI powered tech scam detector spots, phishing attempts instantly. And with award-winning antivirus, you get top tier hacker protection. Plus you'll get up to $2 million in identity theft coverage. All for just $39 99 for your first year visit mcafee.com. Cancel any time terms apply.


We do too. So here's what we know. Just to go back to the DCA crash. Sure. For a minute. 'cause it's, And all I know is what she said in her press conference. It is. It was astounding. Why don't we know who was flying the helicopter? I'm sure they do based on, I mean the voices, one was a female, one was a male, right? So the flying pilot is never the talking pilot. So just listening to the tapes, you could tell if it's a female voice, then the male was flying. If it was a male voice, the female was flying. So I don't know Why the hesitance to assign blame all these people died. Oh No, no. It's not hesitance to sign blame. This is the initial, right. This is just the fact piece.


It takes up to a year to go through all the, the flight data. We don't know if she was off her location because of a mechanical failure. Right. You know, we all want the answer as to why. But we in the industry want the fix. Of course. So so was the, were the altimeters off? Was it a training issue? Was somebody in the wrong place? Was it air traffic control, et cetera. So we've gotta go through all of that and they'll recreate it and superimpose it and fly it in a simulator and check these, all these different pieces and parameters and then they'll start looking at blanks. But your point is, the structure itself was reckless and crazy if you, The system was broken and it should have never happened.


There was a plane in, I know you saw this in Canada, I think in Toronto at Pearson that came in really, really hard on landing and flipped over. Remarkably everyone survived. Great job by the flight attendants. Yeah. Right. I guess that's my point. Wherever you get to the stage where you're relying on the flight attendants To save you Yeah. But that's what they're trained to do. So that was of course absolutely Perfect. But yes, and God bless them of course. But like how did we get to the point where like how did it flip over? How do you flip over a plane on a runway? I don't understand that. They Haven't given out the preliminary, I have my personal opinion. It's only opinion. Of course. And you're obviously, we Know the female was flying.


Right. 'cause of the radio calls. I'm a human factors expert. Part of that involves vision. Yes. So I am thinking that they were coming down and you've seen the snow kinda swirl across the road a little bit. Yes, for sure. I think she was looking at the point and she was ready to transition her eyes and land and she got a swirl. And I think she lost a little bit of, you know, essay situational awareness with the runway. That's what I think. 'cause she flew it right into the runway hard. So that, that was the core problem. She hit too hard. She hit too hard and it collapsed. It broke the gear and one wing went up. High wing is flying, low wing is not, and it flipped right over. Damn. Remarkable.


Some People think it is involving, you know, a gust, a last minute shear. But I don't see the ailerons moving on the wings to counteract that. So I, I still think it has something to do with just a little bit of situational awareness at the end. We'll know, well survey. So if you're moving people through the process at accelerated speed, both for ideological reasons and for practical reasons. Right. You gotta fill the seats. Yep. You're, and you're hiring on the basis of a relevant criteria, then inevitably you're gonna get a reduced skill level. Like how could you not? Especially when the pilots are more worried about their rock videos and they're part of a clique. If you've seen it, the girls that endeavor embarrassed me.


Who I'm, I missed the, You didn't see the video? No, but I could tell I'll be apol By it. Yeah. There, there was some promo video done by a bunch of young ladies And they were talking about, you know, all female crew. And I think it was a recruiting video, but it was embarrassing to those of us who worked hard. What airline was this? That was the airline endeavor. I think it was Endeavor. The one that flipped in Toronto. Oh, seriously? Yes. Seriously. It was all Over the, And they put out a TikTok and like, But it was before that Girl Power TikTok kind of thing. Yeah. Girl Power TikTok came out and of course it broke the internet after the accident. And so I want to fly with professional adults, not children. And that was kind of embarrassing. Have you personally ever flown with someone who you thought wasn't quite up to the job?


Yeah. Oh wow. Oh yeah. How can you tell? Hmm. You can tell if their head's in the game. I had one young man who had a broken heart and we solved that problem. I had him replaced on the next trip. He was a little distracted. Some guys kind of all over the place with a stick. It's interesting to watch your military single seat guys transition to transport category. Yeah. 'cause they wanna do this, you know, but they settled down most recently. And the most scary one I've had, I was flying and I was flying a visual approach into Houston and we're at 1500 feet and runways in sight we're all set. And he'd watched me fly for a little bit And he says, can I ask a question?


Of course it's a sterile cockpit, you're not supposed to. But I go, yeah. He goes, what are you looking at when you fly a visual approach? I was astounded The ground. What's the answer? I said, When we get on the ground, we'll talk about this. No, you're cross checking your instruments. You're double checking the ILS. There's some outside light indicators. There's all the inside outside that to aviate an airplane. Right. And you're checking your speed. And he really didn't understand. And I said, why do you not understand? He said, because in the simulator they told me, fly the autopilot to 50 feet, click it off, look up and land. I almost fell over.


And I, I've talked to a lot of people about this and I don't really think that that's what they were training. I think they, what they were trying to train was how to do a visual approach in a simulator that doesn't allow it. And they just need to check the block. So you'll learn this out on the line. You know, this is how we're gonna teach you to fly the simulator only. But he understood that to be how you would operate in an airplane. So the disconnect is there because the experience level wasn't there. So if I have a pilot approaching me saying, what are you looking at when you land an airplane, that's a problem. So I think for, you know, non-pilot civilians like me, the expectation is that all your pilots either come for the military or Embry Riddle or school like well, I a schoollike Sure.


Or a school like Emery Riddle being the most famous, famous, My alma mater. Your alma mater. But that they're all kind of like aviation nuts. And they like bug their dad for lessons at the local airport. Watch the airplane for lessons. Yeah, Exactly. And that they have a lot of experience in small incest. And that that's really relevant because the basics of aviation are just so obvious and a little plane. Right. Do you ever get pilots who, who don't have that experience? No. Most have that experience. Or, or at least come up through the civilian world. Military's getting harder to find. Right. We're not the military's shorthanded as it is. People aren't leaving. You know, we haven't had a war recently, so they don't, they're not leaving the military.


They've all left the military. Right. 'cause the Yeah. 'cause of the policies and, and they're here already. There's no one in the pipeline. And, and so that's oh's the problem. It's who's out there, you know? And so people that weren't necessarily the creme of the cre creme, now we're stuck with what's left. And it's, we're trying to fill seats. I will say, well, the economic demise of something like a spirit is a bad thing for those people. We're now starting to get them coming to the big airlines. And so that's good for the passengers, it's good for them. They do have experience. But, but that rapid desire to grow post pandemic.


We, my airline went from 10,000 pilots to, as of last week, 18,000 in two and a half, three years. Damn. That changes. Where'd those new pilots come from? Everywhere. The internet. Mostly Microsoft flight somewhere. No, mostly the, you know, the regionals, they, we'd already drained the, the military. So they're coming up as fast as they can And they outta college restricted a TP at 1,250 hours, fly to 1500 interview. And right in the door, right in the right seat of a 7, 5 57. And two years later you're a captain and you're talking about 26, 25.


Oh. Ooh. So that, that, that slowdown judgment isn't there either. The hardest thing I have to do at work, Tucker, is explain to my new first officers that when you see on your, your, your papers that the van leaves at eight o'clock, that's go not show, don't show up and then pay your credit card bill and all these things. They, they're young. I don't wanna generalize this and say that whole entire, 'cause my son's of that generation and he's responsible. They're just irresponsible. Wanna do it their own way. Right. They're just green at life. Not just piloting no's. Right. They're green at life. They haven't dealt with responsibilities and things and you know, they don't wanna fly.


They call fatigued a half hour before the flight and it's like, dude, you had better be where you need to be. That's what they pay us for. Right. You've had people crap out a half an hour before Saturday night in Newark and I was a passenger. Yeah. No way. Like, just too hungover to fly. No. He'd flown, he'd flown from one airport into Newark. He started at nine o'clock at night, flew a 30 minute flight. They were gonna reassign him to cover the, the, the late flight. And he just said, no, I'm fatigued. Oh, wow. So that becomes a problem too. So, so all of these reasons that we need to maybe hold on to our senior pilots to mentor our junior pilots a little longer.


They add up What? Just to, to finish it up. What happened to the kid who asked you what you're looking at while, while you're landing? We talked about it. He's good. He'll be just fine. And I've talked to the training department and explained to them, we have some questions out there. So I'll see him again shortly on another trip and we will talk about it again. But I'm sure he's In all these decades of flying, have you ever been afraid on a plane? Never. Not one time. Never don't have time to Tucker instinct takes over, adrenaline takes over. If you're pilots afraid, they probably shouldn't be there. No, that's right. In fact, everything just slows down fast as I go. And I am, you know, most people say, sir, you talk too fast.


And I say, you listen too slow. But you know, when it comes down to the, the the the emergency, everything just stops. And that's what you want. Have you had emergencies? I've been blessed. No. My husband, however has a black cloud over his head. Really? What happened to him? Mm. I'm looking at him under the corner of my eye right now. He looks very calm. I'm upset. Well, 1998 on St. Patty's Day. Yesterday was the anniversary of his almost near death. It was a near mid air at Newark. Let's see. He is at a rapid decompression, an explosive decompression, a full hydraulic system failure. And he took one of my flights 'cause we were on the same airplane at the time. And he flew to Santiago, Chile And he had a complete standby power system failure, which is something that should have never happened in a Boeing 7 67.


So what what, what does that mean? It Means they armed the autopilot for the approach. An explosion came outta the dash, everything goes crazy. The first officer flies, they have no auto brakes, they have no speed brakes, they have no number one radio. Everything is gone. And he landed the airplane and stuckey's big cowboy boots on those brakes. It slid the airplane a little sideways, blew six trucks, I think melted the wheels to the runway or to the taxiway. And they shot him with water for what, two hours. And he called me up and He goes, you owe me. And I went, don't wave me up for another hour.


Bye. Had no idea what had happened. He was on the pro the news. It was crazy. But What ha what was the cause of it? Did anyone figure it out? Some sort of an electrical short out in the system. So, but Do you ever worry about fire while you're Flying? That's my biggest fear. Me too. Fire is the one thing You don't wanna deal with. But Does that ever happen? I haven't seen it in a while. You know, what was it air trans at or was it Swiss Air? Oh, up in the North Atlantic going in. They diverted into Gander or one of them And they didn't quite make it. So Because of fire fire, We take lithium batteries very seriously. Right. Because those, we have containment bags. If, if your laptop lithium starts to go because you know, that's kind of an uncontrollable fire.


We wanna get that out. So, you know, again, everything that happens happens in blood and we change the rules. So What are the rules now on lithium batteries? Boy, you, I, I'm not f familiar, it comes with d dangerous goods report. But you know, You can have whatever you have on the plane, but if you check something with a lithium battery and You don't disclose it, it's a big deal because you know all of that. As long as we know about it, they package 'em properly like a wheelchair or something like that. But they just want you to disclose it. So don't Is there any way for them to know if you don't disclose it? I don't know. Damn. I dunno, I don't think there's a sense. So that's your number one fear that Yeah. Fire is it. But you know, I also worry about the mental health of the person flying next to me.


There have been a lot of pilot suicides. Well, I mean relatively speaking Turkish air. Yes. Yes. Maybe Malaysian air. Yeah. You know, you had German wings. That was a big one. And that was in 2016. And the, the pilot, you know, captain left the flight tech and the first officer punched a hole in the Alps and took everybody with him. And that's a bad thing. But the worst thing now, or the fear of mine is as we're moving through this whole, Kathy says she's a man, a woman, but she's really not CFA certification process. And and I'm concerned Aren't you by definition unstable if you castrate yourself? Well, we can go back and see what the A says about it.


No, I mean, I'm not being, I'm not being mean. I, I feel deep sympathy. I feel sad to that level of hurting yourself is like, is a tragedy. It's a Tragedy. Right. Evil. And you're the victim of that evil. However, that seems like prima fascia. Like I don't wanna use the word crazy 'cause I don't wanna be mean, but that you're not a stable person if you're cutting your genitals off. Right? Yeah. Or taking gender affirming hormones. Yeah. Like it all seems like a, the clearest possible sign of mental instability. Like what could be clearer than that. But you have to look at the FAA certification process and how we got here. I still question how those people with the new executive orders that says, you know, birth, gender, it has to be on your medical certificate.


It has to be on your pilot's license. I don't know if that's been done yet, but I question how these people got certified to begin with. So we go back and we do a little history 2012, some lobbying And they lighten the requirements for the psychological testing if you're transgender from massive amounts of reports down to one or two. Seriously? Yeah. Yeah. Down in two lobbying. Do you know who lobbied for that? There is a, a particular female pilot, or excuse me, transgender pilot who was able to get some folks in Congress, but it gets worse in 16 when the federal air surgeon, Dr. Michael Berry, was distracted about pilot mental health dealing with the outcome of the German wings, the several transgender organizations.


And another pilot really pushed And they got Barney Frank and Congressman outta California to take up their, their charge. And the way they did it was pretty brilliant. The diagnostics and statistics manual of the ap, the American Psychiatric Association, the DSM Yeah. Had changed from revision four to five, the definition from gender dysphoric disorder to gender dysphoria. Now they did it for a reason. They wanted to take the stigma off for the poor transgender people. Right. But they couldn't fully pull it out because then there wouldn't be a diagnosis code And they could not then use their insurance to cover their surgeries or their home role replacements.


There's articles all over the internet about it. Right. That's fascinating. It's, They we're playing the game because the American Psychiatric Association of course supports all of that. So. Well, they're absurd. I mean, and I, and I mean this with the full pejorative connotations. They're crazy actually. And ones the psychiatrists are nuts. Yeah, yeah, exactly. Yeah. The inmates are are running the asylum. Yeah. So, so they did this move on And they, Barry was kind of licking one way or maybe he was on, on it, but this was under the Obama administration. So we're just starting to see this push. Right. And so the FAA changed the rules And they said, well you've gotta have a little bit of testing, but if your five years transitioned or five years on hormones, You can just go back to your regular aviation medical examiner and just get your six month check.


No special issuance required. Wait a second. At the time that was going on, there were studies out there that showed exactly what you indicated. In fact, the statistics from the national transgender or something, their own statistics. They had, they had surveyed over 27,000 of their members. And I believe it was 39% said they had suffered serious mental health issues in the month prior to the survey. 40% said they had attempted suicide in their lifetime. And 7% in the month prior to the survey data was available. 7%. 7%. I shouldn't laugh, it's tragic. But 7% tried to kill themselves in the last month.


In the last Month of 27,000 people do the math. I mean, somewhere in there there's gotta be an airline pilot applicant. Right. So why did the federal air surgeon not like look at some of the data that was available? You Don't want suicidal people flying commercial airplanes. I don't want Suicidal people flying airplanes. But even more importantly, studies have been done since then through even worse. Now we look at the medical side of it and hormone replacement therapy. Yes. Right. Do you know what it, the number one thing the FAAO medical department is pilot incapacitation. Right. That's heart attacks. That's deep vein thrombosis. It's strokes. Everything that we go through as pilots, aside from our ability to hear and see, is to ensure that we will not become incapacitated in our seat.


Right. I'm not gonna fall over because I have diabetes or something like that. So I think it was 2020 and it was updated in 23. They conducted a study of males transitioning to females on hormone replacement theory. Now they're not just pilots, just in general, 80 to 90% increase for DVT heart attack and stroke. FA a is a risk averse agency. Seriously, seriously, there were, there were physical threats. Not just like a person becomes suicidal, but Person's one. That's a big one that scares me the most. But I, I agree If the FAA is a risk averse, But cardiovascular effects.


Yeah. I didn't know that. If You're a risk adverse agency and you won't even consider a, a drug I might be taking because it might possibly indicate that I might have a heart attack. Yes. Why are you allowing these people who have an 80 to 90% increased chance for that to be in an airplane? 'cause they're taking hormone replacement therapy. Well, That's so wrong to do that to, to the public. But there's no research arm that I fund at FAA 'cause they're enjoying their coffee and their green desk. Nobody's reading peer-reviewed studies. Nobody's looking at this going, you know, we might wanna walk that back. I didn't. And that's scary. So what drugs are you not allowed to take as a commercial airline pilot?


There's a bunch of 'em, right? Yeah, but you know what, they don't publish a list. So you don't even know. Only your aviation medical examiner knows. But you could. But I, I know from knowing pilots, There's many that You can take. There's Many. So, like, you probably think about, you think about your health, you think about the drugs that you take because of Your, I don't take anything. Your drug. I don't. I'm, I, you know, I use holistic stuff. Me too. For colds and things. Good For you. I'm with you a hundred percent. But, but you could take like radical doses of male hormones and that would be cool. Well, You have to disclose it Yeah. On your medical. But it appears after five years of taking radical doses, they don't make you, I mean they, you disclose it, but they don't really care if You can go five.


That was the, the key of the 2016 change. If You can go five years, welcome to the club. It's like, so you have to report it, you know, and you have to have exams for that. But, but even then, all of that was just about their mental health. Nobody is considering what these hormones do long term, but it's even more criminal. That's just a transgender issue. FAA medical when it comes to the covid v the FDA approved tree at what, six o'clock at night on December 18th, the next morning. Same federal air surgeon approves of worldwide use and airline pilots. Who is the federal air surgeon At that time it was Dr. Michael Berry.


He retired a week later and went to work for a pilot insurance company. But the criminal actions happening in That sounds like a crime. I mean, is he supposed to assess its effects on the millions of Americans who fly? Well at least take a look at and maybe do a longitudinal study on the transgender issue. But when it comes to the covid situation, the effects of altitude pressurization, and we work in a very dry humidity. We don't, this is a EUA product. It's never had an EUA product ever, ever certified for use in pilots. And he'd written many articles on the drug certification process. Can I just ask, 'cause I'm interested, like what are the effects on your health as a pilot of spending 35 years on a cockpit?


Because it is a weird, a Lot of wrinkles. It's dry, right? Yes, it's dry. So oh, hydration, cosmic radiation. I've had skin cancer Coming through the, Well, it it's cosmic radiation is when you fly above the troop po or up in that area, right? So there's, there's radiation all the time. It's not just when the sun's shining, right? It's in, it's exactly what the astronauts suffer up on the Space station. You know, it's, it's radiation that's up there. So a lot of your pilots, high levels of prostate cancer among male pilots, breast cancer among female pilots through the roof. Really, you know, we're not in a shielded environment, you know, higher you fly the stronger it is.


So when, when we look at those sorts of things, yeah, take care of yourself folks, but, but we don't know what those, what those drugs were doing to people. And we don't know pressurization, humidity and altitude effects on


them. Only three things you're absolutely certain in this life. And you know, two of them. First is death, second is taxes. And the third unfortunately is getting ripped off by your cell phone company. If you're a Verizon at and t or T-Mobile customer, you know exactly what we're talking about. But there is an option you could save a ton every month by switching to the service that we use. It's called Pure Talk. Pure Talk is an earnest friend of the show And they are the answer. If you become a customer of Pure Talk, you get unlimited text talk and five gigs of data, which is enough for most people on the country's most dependable 5G network. And here's the punchline, it costs $25 a month. So the average family of where we did the math saves over a thousand dollars a year when they switch to Pure Talk a thousand dollars a year plus it's a great service. Their customer service team is based in the United States. You can switch hassle free in as little as 10 minutes. You even get to keep your phone and your phone number to find out more, go to pure talk.com/tucker to make a switch and you'll save an additional 50% off your very first month. Pure Talk wireless buy Americans for Americans,


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade your business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet shop pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer carts going abandoned and more sales going cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are, visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling.


Today, I've gotta say almost everyone on our team looks suspiciously well rested every morning. It turns out most of 'em are using a product called Samso. Samso blends antihistamine with a syrup of herbs and honey and is designed to help you sleep well. Waking up feeling refreshed and revitalized. And based on the sunny, cheerful faces of the people I work with, it works. It's inexpensive. It's less than 50 cents a night. And we know the people who own the company And they are great people. They are faithful people And they are about the happiest family we've ever run across the product. Simbro has a ton of five star reviews. You can check it out on their websites, samosa.com


'cause it is a, it's a totally different environment from the one the rest of us live in Right day to day. Yeah. So explain what happened with Covid. So Covid so just if you don't mind telling that story. 'cause I think it's interesting. From, from the mandate perspective or Yeah, From a mandate perspective. Okay. Well, not from the Wuhan lab. No. Yeah, no Fauci funded. No. Well, I mean, it's interesting Tucker, because I really never thought I'd ever get into any of this fight. I'm just a mom. I, I'm cruising along through life and, and New Year's Eve of 2018, I looked in the rear view mirror and the lights were going off and I pulled over. I got busted for DUI. Oh Yeah. Greatest thing that ever happened to me. And God, I questioned him and my darling husband said, he never gives you more than You can handle Sherry.


And I didn't know at the time, but he was preparing me for the fight of my life. I had to fight to get my job back. The FAA wasn't was straightforward because of my former union work. I believe, you know, maybe it was a little more difficult than normal at my airline, but I succeeded and I got all my back pay and everything I needed. But it taught me how to navigate against a corporate conglomerate. So back to work. And on August 6th, the CEO of my airline announces that there will be a vaccine mandate, or you'll be fired in a month. And I'm sorry, I'm 2021. 2021.


August, August 6th, craziest day of my life called my best friend. She's also a captain and she's known around the airline as kind of the mom type. And she's the head of vaccine injured family member. So, so Laura Cox and myself, along with the wife of one of the pilots who's an attorney, Danielle, the three of us got our heads together and we said, how are we going to get through this? Because I'm not gonna violate my faith and take a product that derived from aborted fetal tissue cells, et cetera, et cetera. And that was my, I think that's just a conspiracy theory. That's not true. Shall I throw the glass of water now?


No, no, no, no. It's just so funny. It's like for that whole period, I tried to think about Covid and that whole chapter in our country's history and in my life. But you would hear people say, well, I I I'm getting a religious exemption. And no one ever asked why. No. And if you asked why, they'd be like, well there's some connection between the vaccines, the covid vaccines and abortion. And then you'd hear someone in the background say, that's a lie. And then just sort of move on. And no one ever talked about it. But those vaccines were derived from aborted babies For infe tissue cells were used in either the development or the manufacturer of all three of the US approved drugs. So I think, I haven't checked, 'cause I'm trying to read Wikipedia 'cause it's just CIA controlled lies, but, which it is.


But I bet you to this day they deny that. But that's just a fact. It's a fact. Yeah. I mean it's, it's a fact. Ask the Secretary of Health and Human Services, he'll tell you the facts. Yeah. So, So that was a no go for you right there. That was a no go for me. It was a no go for my husband. It was also a no go for Laura. And about eight thou, well, at the beginning there was probably 20,000 people at United. It was a no-go. And so as it progressed 8,000, the pressure got put on us. They, they sent postcards to our house so that our, in our case we're married, didn't matter. But they would send a postcard to your house And they would say, you know, you only have 22 days left to get the vaccine or be terminated.


Well, the wife won't open your mail, but she'll read your postcard. Right. So she reads it, she goes, honey, we're gonna lose everything. People would acquiesce. They told people that you would lose your 401k if you didn't leave the company or get the shot. I mean the, the mid-level managers, you know, that are, you Said you lose your 401k. Yeah, they're, I have a recording of a pilot being told that You can't have your retirement, you can't have Your own money. Right. It gets better. But the, these pressure was just intense. Right. And so people would fall off and, and the, the whole reasonable accommodation process was onerous and, and and corrupt in itself.


And there's thousands of pages of discovery documents on our, our organization's website. So if anybody wants to read about, but they wanted to put like scarlet letters on our ID badges for the unvaccinated. And so that other people would point and pick on us. It was crazy. But the three of us got together, put our heads together, we hired The best law firm we could find. Sure. Jaffy out of DC and we filed for an injunction and we still didn't quite get there in November of 21. Every one of us were put on unpaid indefinite leave. Basically fired. What Did they say to you? They didn't, they just said you're done.


Did. And how long had you worked at the airline at that point? I got hired in 1998. It was 2021. That's crazy town. So you spent your, like most of your adult life there never had a problem? No. Well, I was a union rep. I've had my share, but Right. No fights with fights, but yeah, in general, no, I've never had, But you never crashed A plane at Oh gosh, no. Never failed a check or I'd never have done anything like that. You know, And they just can you without S see you who, but we kept moving. We kept moving. I want to attack your CEO. I don't want, I used to work there, so I don't wanna make your life even Well, I mean, it's Even harder. It's in, in the, we all know there were three airlines that mandated the vaccine.


Hawaiian Cota, air Cargo and United. So that's it. That was it. The rest were mandated eventually because nobody would follow along. Right. They, they, they knew better. But United was the only domestic. Well, Hawaiian's domestic, technically Not rat. I know. Let, let's be honest. No, but Con the United States, Continental United States, you know the big carriers, right? Delta American? No, they were Only United When nobody followed. Then The President Joe Biden instituted the OSHA mandate. Right. For contract, if you have more than a hundred employees, you have to mandate this. Or the government contractor mandate if you do work, and everybody flies the mail.


Right. $4.6 billion business every year to the airlines and flying the US mail. So it was a contract, you had to mandate it. But the guys at s sw Freedom Flyers in, in North me up in Dallas, they, you know, they had a little pushback. The American boys, the Delta folks. And so the exemption process for them was just kind of a paper mill. Their, their bosses were cool about it. There was like whatever. And eventually both those mandates were overturned in court. But That was the way to play it, by the way. Yeah. Be kind to your employees. A hundred percent firing longtime employees. 'cause they don't want a vaccine. I mean, it's like so cruel.


Yeah. But it played into a marketing campaign. Who, Who did that? Who made that decision? Well, it was made by the CEOI mean, it's, it's in the court testimony. And the judge ruled that it was a pretextual situation whereby there was a marketing campaign at, at the bottom line. So there was a desire for that CEO to be able to come out publicly and say, in my opinion, at least, that they were the first fully vaccinated airline. And if they could do it by the holidays of December, maybe people would come back flying. Who wouldn't fly on the first fully vaccinated airline? I don't, yeah. I don't wanna fly in an airline with vaccinated pilots. I mean, 'cause it's dangerous. So that's, that's my view.


But I guess a lot of people disagree. So this was a, To his credit, hi. His argument has always been, it's been about safety. Safety for my employees. Look, I'm an adult. I can make my own medical decision. So I don't need my CEO deciding my safety situation. But that was his argument. I want to just get that on the record. 'cause if you get the experimental Covid V you can't get or transmit covid. Like we know that. Of course. Right. Of course. Did that turn out to be true? I've never had Covid does This CEO, you don't have to name him if You don't want, but is he still running the airline? Yep. Doesn't have a board. I guess the company, I'm Sorry, there's no board. Oh yeah, there's A board of directors. I'm, but you know, Is this all so crazy? No one's but, But everybody after the pandemic, remember after this went away and then we got, we went in court and we get called back.


Oh, we're onto the next big thing, which is, you know, pilots, male pilots, you know, or excuse me, male flight attendants with beards wearing lipstick or, or whatever the issue of the day is. So, you know, that's, that's over. That's over. Don't worry About it. So what, I keep stepping on your story. No, tell me. Okay. So this comes down. You go to court, try to get a, an injunction. We don't Get the injunction. You Don't get it. And then you're laid off. We're out. Bam, bam. Hus your husband too, Everybody. No, but in your case, you're, you're married and In my house too. Yes. Two of us. And my son, God bless him, you know, he was going to school and dealing with two pilots being home, which is unusual for him. But, you know, we Made So your whole family's unemployed in one day because of this.


Instantly overnight. Well, that's kind of heavy actually. It's, how did you, I mean, It was very heavy. You know what happened? 2000 people came together, rampers, mechanics, flight attendants, pilots. We became a family overnight. I mean, over the last three years, I, I consider them my dearest, most wonderful friends. And I wanna say Thank you to every one of them for the support. Oh, what a blessing. 'cause I mean, to me, servant leadership, it's the real deal. I agree. I, I led them, they blessed me to the ability to lead them right With my son, with my friend Laura and Danielle. You know, these people are incredible. But we've been to birth together, we've been through marriages, we've been through death.


And I will tell you, those 2000 people are more important to me than anything in this world. I love that. And, and they're there for each other. We had battle buddies. Somebody was feeling bad. You'd call a friend. We keep chat groups and, and most of the time they're pretty prayerful. We've debated books of the Bible. I mean, we are just like this. It's Amazing. So how many, so was 2000 people in the end got fired? Yep. And that was down from the initial number of people who said, I'm not taking it, eh, 20,000 down to 8,000 down to this, you know, And, but in the end it was 2000 people who stood strong. Two plus or minus. Yeah. 2000. Did anyone fake getting a vaccine? I have no knowledge of that. I know a lot of people who have in my community, not, not at my, my company and my husband's PA says, you know, her mom and dad walked in And they, somebody set it on the counter and there's a trash with your dad.


I mean, you know, we have doctor friends that are saying this. So, Oh, everyone had a fake, I had a fake VAX card. Proudly. I'm glad did, and I would do it again the next time. There's tyranny. I'm not obeying, Except there's only one way to get fired from my airline. It's a lie. Other than that You can do, you're right. No. And So I'm not gonna do it. Well, but You also make it, but it's also wrong to lie. And I, and I lied in using a fake fax card. Nah, that's okay. So I'll just, You were able to live your life and good for you. Yeah. But no, you're right. That's a moral compromise. And I, and I probably should have done that. I don't know. I'm trying to about it too much, but No, but you're, you're, I think you're taking a really principled position and saying, I'm gonna say clearly what I believe. I don't think I should be punished for it. When I am punished for it, I'm gonna take my lumps and fight back. So I, I admire what you did.


So yeah, we went through the EEOC process and then on through the courts, and right now we sit in the fifth circuit on appeals. So, and I couldn't be rooting for you more fervently, but, oh, Thank you. So what, okay, so what happened then? So 2000 are fired with no support. Like you, they're not, no. In fact, you should have been able to tap your 401k in an emergency situation. Right. I locked us out. What? Like you're a criminal. I could not, I could not access my 401k. They said, well, You can apply for another job in the company. I'm 57 years old, I'm gonna go throw bags. Well, okay, if you wanna pay me my salary.


Oh, no, no. You're gonna do it for a baggage, right? I'm gonna have to drive to the airport every day and go throw your CE Sounds like a pig, actually. Sorry, that's my view. You're not saying that That's, you're welcome to Right? That's my opinion. I just wanna be clear. But he sounds like a pig First. If you know Michael Berry in Houston, he has some, he's a radio man And he says, which Just sounds like an awful man. And I hope he's punished. He will be. But anyway, so, But we get called back because we won in the fifth circuit. And how long was that? It was, Mm, I think it was around February 17th. That, so we were out November, December. January. Four months. Did you get into money trouble? No. You got no income coming yet? We, yeah. But you know, we're old enough to have had some savings.


You savings, Right. So we're you're burning reserves for those Yeah, we are burning reserves. I mean, but you know, we don't live a grandiose lifestyle. So, you know, cars were paid for and things like that. And you know, we were able to be, But there had to be people. Oh, there were people that were selling everything. Laura, her husband sold his dream, which is a small fishing boat. I mean, it was not like a, anything big, but that was his dream. 'cause they needed to pay their bills. You know, people were selling everything and some were taking their Jobs. Oh, you're making me emotional. Mental health side of it was, was scary. You don't understand the number of people, Brett or myself, talked outta suicide. And it was tough, but we made it. So Of those 2000, can you just roughly break it down what they did? How many pilots?


360 plus or minus pilots. Okay. There's about seven. Let's see, so that's three 50. There was about 50 to a hundred what we call agents, you know, ticket agents. And the balance would've been flight attendants, the mechanics, the stores people, the majority of the agents that worked in larger cities, avionics technicians, management, they were able to work with a masking and testing regime. But it was punitive. It wasn't masking. It was N95 respirators from the moment you pulled on property to the moment you left, you ate outside. Didn't matter if it was snowing, raining, cold, you put it back between every bite and sip, Wearing a yellow star the whole time.


That mask was the yellow star. And then you had to be tested on a rolling every seven days. And it didn't matter if you were out on family medical leave, if you got hurt at work or we were on vacation, you missed one test, you were terminated. So, and this is the one where they stick the stuff up your nose. Yeah. And I, that's a whole nother issue. I Never did that. I would never do it. No. So, so it was all punitive and it was all punishment. But they justified it in that those people didn't work onboard the airplane. So for safety reasons, they were away from us. Of those 2000, of course you can't really know, but what's your sense of the percentage of Christians among Well, in our organization, I know I have seven Jewish members. Yes. I have a, a handful Reli, religious, Very much so The, the, the seven Jewish people are religious people.


Yeah. Very much religious. Good for them. Very faithful. Good for them. One is actually fighting a battle to get a, an accommodation for wearing a very tight beard. So we have, we have those seven or so, we have at least one or two Muslims that I know of. Yes. One of our lead plaintiffs was a Buddhist and majority of Christians. But I mean, observant, like so other two, Two, oh, every one of these people are observant. So All 2000 were religious people. Very Well, I take that back, we had a handful of people who were very observant, but that had a medical issue and their doctor told 'em, don't get it. And so they applied for a medical accommodation, backed up with a religious because of their faith.


But I would say 99.9% are heavily. So what you're saying is that when you bring down a vaccine mandate like this, like, Hey, let me inject you with some onboarded baby cells. You, you, you really are getting rid of the religious people. Yeah. Because I mean, this was done That's at a national scale. So I, I think it's fair to, you know, if the outcome is the point of the exercise, it seems like they drove religious people out of government service. That's what it looks like to me. The military, the airlines kind of crypto since you fly the mail, but you're, it's not really government, but, but Yes. You know, anywhere where they're, But they're punishing religious people Anywhere. There's a large group, you know, of employees places.


Yes. I would agree. There, there. But it's also, religious people also happen to believe in the constitution. They also happen to be three free thinkers. Oh, I've noticed. And you know, I think there's even more insidious things than they were after the religious people. Sure. But they were also after anybody who would not stand would comply. Right. I think to them it was a, a test to see how they could trample people's rights. But that's my Personal, well, absolutely no question about it. That's my personal belief. But I do think we've spent too little time celebrating the people who are willing to really have their lives reordered to willing to be punished and suffer for what they believed. Like those people are heroes. I think I Know 2000 heroes.


Yeah. Well That's my, yeah, totally. They're not, yeah. So, so then what happens? You go back to work And we're, well, we're invited back to work eventually because of the court ruling. But then we're told, but you can't fly anywhere. You have to be careful. You have To, you don't fly anywhere. They Wouldn't let us, we had restricted cities. Right. Because countries might require a vaccine. Well, of those restricted cities, there weren't any countries that wouldn't let pilots in. But it was a big battle. We had to, we had to fight through this until Canada dropped the mandate for passengers. And so there were just things that were done, the constant retaliation pieces getting called in the office because of Facebook avatar or, or just dumb things called Into the office because of a Facebook avatar.


What does that Mean? So Laura and I had changed our, our Facebook, you know, symbol. Yeah. To the star of David. It said un vaxxed on it, right? Because we felt like we were being abused. You know, I didn't wanna make any light of, of previous situations, but you know, it was out there. And some pilot who disagreed with us anonymously reported us to the corporation. And we had to go to the office and do the carpet dance and explain why that wasn't discrimination. But why Would it be discrimination? Because We offended the Jewish people because we, we co-opted their, their their star. So I, first thing I did is call my seven Jewish members and say, does this offend you?


They're like, no, we stand with you. Okay, fine. But it wouldn't, I mean, it's not mocking no Jews, isn't it standing in solidarity with anyone who's been singled out and oppressed. Exactly. Exactly. So it was like, about as positive an identification as you could have. But it was one more reason. Four times, five times in one year. I had to go sitting there and explain myself. It just goes on. I got one coming up. What is that? I, what'd you do wrong this time? This Time two years ago, I was trying to be kind to a very famous elderly person. We were going to do an engine run and I couldn't leave them on the jet way with the engines running and doors open. And so we got the person up to the top and unfortunately then she wrote a nasty letter.


So I have to go do the carpet dance and explain why you can't sit unattended in a jet way with a door open and the engine running and mechanic with an arm in an engine. So we'll get through it, but it's just Constant.


One of the greatest changes of the past six months is You can finally say loud and proud, without the threat of going to jail for it. That you're for babies, you're for the unborn. And that's great news for pre-born. Our partner, which operates a clinic network across the United States. Pre-born is the single greatest threat to the abortion industry. It's rescued, rescued over 67,000 babies last year alone. These abortions still claim thousands of lives every year. It's one of the great tragedies, unspoken most of the time it's on a right. It is a tragedy. So the goal is to rescue all of these babies. They need your help to do that. Assisting in providing ultrasounds is a great place to start. More knowledge, more information for expecting mothers. It really makes a huge difference. Once a mother realizes that the lump in her belly is a baby, as a child, she becomes twice as likely to choose life to let that child live. One ultrasound costs only 28 bucks, meaning that five are just $140. So $5,000 is good for enough devices to cover pre born's entire network for a full day. It really, really helps. We hope you'll join this cause. Dial pound two 50. Say the keyword baby. That's pound two 50, the word baby. Or You can visit preborn.com/tucker to make a secure donation. preborn.com/tucker.


How did the other pilots who like obedient sheep, took the the needle? How did they treat you? I've never had anyone come up and say, you guys are causing a problem. Now there's keyboard warriors on certain, you know, social media sites. But at work, nine out of 10 have said, I wish I could have stood with you. Yeah, I'm sick. My friend is sick or something. I will never do it again. Ever, ever, ever. And I'm sorry I didn't stand with you. Those poor people. I know a million vaccinated people. I've never heard anybody say, I'm glad I got the vaccine. Not a single one. No. And I feel so sad for a lot of them. I love. So I feel so, so sad for them.


I'm sorry to make fun of them. I shouldn't. They were the victims too. They're Victims too. Some are just stronger than others. But The Covid vaccine has turned out to be so dangerous. It killed so many people. It's a fact. I mean, it's in the affairs program. These are not conspiracy theories. It's like that's a fact that it does make you wonder. Like, what would you want? I don't wanna fly on a plane with vaccinated pilots 'cause I think it's too dangerous. But are there numbers on this? Oh yeah. So tell me what they are. So I had a lot of free time there while I was off of work and I'd been working on my doctoral dissertation. And when this started to go down, I shifted gears. So my organization, airline employees for health freedom, we started getting phone calls. I know somebody that's sick or I know this or I know that.


So we just put a data collection link up and it got so intense that I said, you know what? I'm gonna stop everything. I'm gonna write my dissertation and I'm gonna study the vaccine injury amongst commercial airline pilots. And so, almost about seven months of data collection, 1600 plus respondents across the industry and and understand the population is about 80 20 vaxxed. Right. My study actually came out about 50 50 because a whole bunch of my unvaccinated friends wanted to help, which watered down my numbers. But it actually makes them that much more powerful because at 50 50, if I found this, what would I have found at 80 20? And what I found is commercial airline empires, the United States are suffering pericarditis and myocarditis at rates exceeding the CDCs national average.


And I proved it to a 98% plus or minus four. In that regards, I was What are the implications for myocarditis in an airline pilot? It goes back to that incapacitation thing, right? Pilot's gotta have a healthy heart. But what it really means for the short term, we're losing pilots. It's anecdotal, it's in my dissertation, but I have the chart from American Southwest and from the union at United. The disability rates post December of 21. Shoot through the ceiling. Right. The the, they're off the charts and they're getting worse by the day. So pilots are going on long-term disabil. It's one more way to get rid of those high dollar workers, I guess.


I don't know. And when we just that way, we have to have more young people come in. And so where it goes, I don't know, but I found things from kidney stones to serious, you know, mental, excuse me, neurological problems. Cardiac, it's, it's really scary. And nobody wants to know about it. And the the problem is, I went to the union and I said to the national president in an email, and I have it in my dissertation. It's published online. I found this, we need to address this. And he says, oh no, no. You know what? That's in the past. We don't. That might be disruptive to unity.


Wait, what is the point of unions again? I totally forgot. It's, isn't it Take care of their members. I have a former rep I've seen the sausage making from the inside. We were quote, a professional organization that focuses on safety. That's their number one point. Secondly is collective bargaining. I pay a lot of money for them to abuse me. But if your job is to take care of your people, that's, that's what a union is, right? It's, we collectively bargain. We're in this together and we're looking out for people who have not enough power, which is the workers against management. And they're not interested in people dying or being disabled from like, I don't, they Weren't interested in them putting us on the street.


They stepped back and said, company can do what they want. What? No, it's not in the collective bargaining agreement. That is a term and condition that is an EEOC problem between you and the airline. That's disgusting. What's the name of this union? The Airline Pilots Association. Alba and Alba is working against helping the pilot shortage by upping the age Alba worked against all of us in any of the airlines. I, I can't say that because actually, you know, the alpha people at Delta, they worked with Ed Bastion And they actually came up with a pretty good system during this mandate piece.


But ours washed our hands of us. Hmm. Are are you required to be a member of this union? Unfortunately, yes. So they take your money And they do nothing for you. And they collaborate with your creepy CEO to oppress the workers there in the, in the unions, like all on board with. And When it even gets better, they take my money And they have a DEI committee. It's staffed by a transgender pilot who then sends me emails explaining what my language should be. I'm trying not to use the F word. This is my, this is my Lenin challenge, but it's almost sneaking out. Oh Yeah. Oh yeah. So we don't, The union sends you that.


So your union ex exams exists to lecture and torment you and steal your money. Let's just say they, we have people in the union, in the legal department who are not The best and brightest. You'd obviously work at somewhere other than a union. But the rumor is I've been told that I'm the fifth rail. They don't even know the saying it's the third rail. Right. So trust me, the union and I don't get along really well. Tucker, and You we're a union rep. I was. I was. So it's not like you have some ideological problem with unions as a theory. No, I I I had a desire to go in there and help people and clean up the mess. That was Right. Yeah. I mean, I speak for myself.


I'm totally in favor of unions. I have a friend who's a labor leader and I, I like the idea of unions. I do. I like solidarity and someone needs to push back against power. I'm all for that. It's just that in practice in this specific case. But it also in others, it seems like they're collaborating against their members. Unions are, in this case at least, I use the phrase unions are like the tick on the dog. Right. They, they suck from the dog, but they can't kill it. 'cause that's their way they live. So in the case of the airline pilots association, they collaborate a lot with management. They get what they need, they get the dues from it and, and they'll do a little bit, but they can't do too much.


Right. Because they need the company to stay profitable or they'll be gone. Okay. Well that's fair enough. I mean, I don't think that's unreasonable, but They shouldn't be the disciplinary arm of the airline in a lot. Well that's insane. In a lot of cases they are. Everyone hates the teacher's unions. And I of course I do too. I think they've helped rec education, however, at least in New York City, like they stick up for their members Sure. In a very unreasonable way. Even when their members are like child molesters, they'll defend them. Yeah. It is a little, which is back. Yeah. But the idea that you stand up for the people in your charge, that leadership means laying down your life for the people beneath you. I, I believe in that.


Thank you. And there's nothing worse than a collaborator. Wow. That's really disgusting. Yeah. Wash their hands with all of us. And it didn't happen just at the airline pilot association. It happened at the A f Aer Association of Flag Zone. Right. It happened. The teamsters, I, no, it wasn't the teamster, the dispatch union leader was the only one that fought back against the mandates. Right. All the rest of them just rolled over. So what I mean are airline people political and how does the, how does it break down politically Airline people. Okay. So we have so few of the hardcore union people, of course, that are gonna lean left, right. Airline people are of the ilk of where they live.


Okay. Houston base is very conservative, very Texas, very red. I see in the San Francisco base a much more liberal opinion. So I think it's, they're just people. I don't think it's, we're not in the days of fighting Lorenzo. Right. So I don't think it's really a political thing with the airline people. I think they're just part of their community. But there's something about aviation because it's, I mean, science based, it's, it's, it's engineering that every airline pilot, I've known a million airline pilots and they're all, they have the same kind of logical cooley analytical temperament. And they believe in like the facts because they have to, or the plane crashes For newly is a fact.


Right. We, we can't Exactly Change that. Exactly. And like a thunderstorm will pull your wings off. So don't fly into it. Like, these are just facts. Facts. We're facts. We're not control. We acknowledge them and we adapt. And we're risk averse, right? Yes. So we're gonna be conservative and take the most conservative way. So I don't that Also, there still are some liberal ones out there. Are there Really? Oh yeah. They're usually the big union dogs. You know, the high power ones. But I can't, I can't get my head around someone whose job it is to obey the laws of physics like unflinchingly. You know? It's like that's a fact. We have to obey that law. 'cause it's, we can't change it. That person believing that You can change your sex, which is the most irrational thing you could say.


It's Most of them are not faithful at all too. To what? A As well, I mean, they're not faithful as well. They're not pe religious people either. Oh, Of course not. Well of course. Right. Of course. The whole idea is to give a finger to God and Right. I guess proclaim yourself, master of the universe. I can change my sex. Okay. Can you control the weather now too? Like John Kerry. But no, it's not even that, which I do have a problem with. To be clear. It's, that's irrational. That's what freaks me out. That's irrational. So if you believe in something that irrational, I don't want you flying my airplane. No. I mean, I don't want you flying next to me in that airplane because I have to get up on a 10 hour flight and go take a break or go on the bathroom.


What, how are you going to behave when I'm not here? You know, we got pilots that are asking those questions right now. They're saying, you know, I'm not comfortable leaving the flight deck. Oh, Come on. When, when, when we're flying with somebody of that nature, Can you go to the company and say Not? No, I'm on a 10 hour flight. 'cause So you're a veteran, obviously a veteran pilot. You've gotta be one of the, have some of the most hours of I'm in the, the top 10% probably. Okay. At my, So that means traditionally you're flying the longer, better, more fun routes to the prettier capitals. Like that's what Sure. I have noticed. So, but you're flying on long flights, so you have to get up at some point.


Well, I'm required legally to go take a break. I mean, I have to go to bed for, you know, over eight hours. You have to take a nap. We rotate. We have three pilots and we rotate three. Yeah. So yeah. But Can't you call the company and say, Hey, I'm not comfortable leaving my copilot unattended. Like that seems like a big thing for me. For me it's, you know, it's anecdotal because I haven't flown with one yet back, except for when I was on the 7 37 years ago. And there was a captain who by the way, was a terrible pilot, A transgender captain. Mm, No, it was terrible pilot. It's more focused on other things. What kind of things? I wouldn't be funny, but making sure his voice sounded right or, or you know, there, there was a lot of distraction.


He, he was just known as not a very great pilot. And so, you know, I did a lot of the flying, but that was years ago when I was really young. Former airline before the merger. So, but, so I haven't, in, in my world, there hasn't really been any in the, in the 7 67, but a lot of dear friends in, in the more junior airplane, 7 37 and Airbus were just like, I'm, I'm not comfortable. I I, you know, they don't fly the long haul so they can usually get to where they're going. They can hold It. Yeah. Thank you. But yeah, they, they just, they don't wanna leave. We're not sure. It's like, what, what could happen? They've read the same studies as I have.


Damn. And it's not just here, it's across the industry. Right? Meaning in Europe as well? No, I meaning in domestic airlines. Oh, it's not just my carrier. It's pilots from a lot of different carriers. Concern. That's like, and what would happen if you called up airline HQ and said this is just too nuts. I think it's a threat to safety. What would they say to you? Come into the office. Let's have another carpet dance for real. Oh yeah. Now so, so the, the thing is you have to observe a safety concern and you must report it as a whistleblower, then it might get changed. But I haven't actually officially observed it, but I can understand where we're going.


I mean, it, it might not be as dramatic as somebody not wanting to fly with somebody. But one very real piece is You can be called in the office and get in trouble for say, misgendering somebody using the wrong pronoun. Actually, Yes, unfortunately I work in a safety sensitive world. I have a common safety language, right? If we're in the middle of a massive emergency at altitude and I pick up that and I call the back and I say, Hey guys, prepare the cabin. Oh wait a minute. Was I supposed to remember was a guy or a girl or what? It's just a word I use in the heat of battle. I don't wanna have an Abbo and Costello who's on first discussion with the person at the other of the phone.


No, I'm he, no, she's at four door one. No, he's at door three. We have something to do and deal with. And I don't want to have to stop and think in my job before I react the way I've been trained, oh, did I say the wrong thing? Am I going to, if we survive this, have to go answer for it. And that's a very real piece. That ones is one that pilots worry about probably more than actually flying with a transition. So I think big picture, it's very obvious that safety standards have fallen dramatically. Maybe not literally they're not rewriting the safety manual, but safety is not, we're Distracted. That's what I would say. Yeah. It's not the top concern clearly. It's not the top concern clearly. So, I mean, how long before you know, hundreds of people die?


I hope never again in my lifetime. Yes. Because the people at the front of the airplane, me and my partner, we're going to do what we know how to do. And it doesn't matter to me if I get called in because I misgendered somebody. There are still good people out there. But we're getting to that critical mass point where we need a little time, we need a pause. We need this new incoming fa administrator whom I've read a lot about. I really like him. He looks like a very faithful person and he's gonna fit in the administration and, and be a confirmed rather quickly. We need to get the, the pilot age up. The standards do not need to be lowered for the incoming.


And then we're gonna need to take some time and mentor and I think we can get there. But the clock is ticking. So the Trump administration, I think is on the right track to fix four years of complete dismantling of the US aviation industry. I hope I, I pray they can get there, but I think they've got the right people in place. Are you, you said you've never been nervous flying. Have you ever been nervous as a passenger? I'm sure I have. I'm more nervous when I stand on like the edge of a tall building or grand. I'm scared of heights Tucker. Absolutely. I'm scared. Are you actually absolutely refuse to go to the Grand Canyon.


I won't do it. What's your cruising out soon in 7 67? Long haul flight. Depends. 28 to 38. Somewhere in there. You know, we, we climb, as we burn fuel, we get lighter, so we climb. Right. But, you know, 36, 37, 38, what is that? Almost seven miles high in the air. And passengers. Think about it, you're sitting in a chair doing eight to nine tenths the speed of sound. That's a pretty awesome thought. What's incredible, isn't It? Where we are? Yeah, no, I think the whole thing is, is absolutely wonderful. What do you think of the new planes? Well, I fly the old planes. I'm a Boeing girl. My husband flies at 7 87 and, And he likes it. I mean, you know, technology is wonderful.


It just goes further, faster, higher. So we'll see. I'm more worried about coming technology with regards to single pilot or autonomous flight. I don't know about you. I'm not getting in an airplane without a pilot Autonomous flight. It's coming. You're Making me feel uninformed. So there are, it's coming. I guess just this will solve the union problem. Exactly. Just get rid of the people. Get rid of the people. There you go. So there are planes planned with no pilot. Well, we have them now. I mean, I guess they're called drones, Right? They're called drones. I mean, they, they in, in Houston, we have pilots that are in the garden reserve. They get in their car in the morning, they drive down to Ellington, they walk into a trailer, they're flying a drone over in Afghanistan bombing the bad guys.


And they drive home. I mean, it happens all the time. It's not coming. This generation, we have cars, autonomous taxi cabs in Austin, Texas. Right? They drive around and you just jump in one and it charges your credit card. The first time I saw it, it was crazy. But they have it. So what's coming is, first of all, is the move to reduce one pilot in a cockpit On a commercial airliner. So way it'll work. Most likely. They said Aviation and Space Magazine had this about four or five years ago. They'll have a control room, drone operators, me when I retire, all these people will be sitting in a control room and you'll take off. Remember that old V one rotate engine failure we talked about.


You'll just push the Boeing button and I'll come on, I'll say, Hey captain, I've got the airplane. You get the checklist. So a room of eight people can work the whole thing. Wouldn't It be easier to put someone in the cockpit? Wouldn't It be, you know, the old joke, we have a dog in the cockpit. Right? You know why the dog is there to keep the pilot from touching anything. Bite him if it comes. So, so yeah, that's the first step. They're going to start a little start in cargo carriers and trying to push to eliminate one body. And then for Cost reasons. Cost reasons. 'cause You can only control the price of the airplanes, the price of the people or the price of fuel. Right? Fuel's pretty set Airplanes. You can get the better financing if you play the game.


But we cost money. That's just absolutely crazy. It gets, I, I will pay a premium to fly in a airline with two pilots. Well, but it gets better. The next generation or two might go there. But at the same time, the the drone world, and I think they call it vtal, vertical takeoff and landing whereby you, Tucker Carlson can have your own VTO and You can fly yourself to the airport and that You can get on the big airplane. It, this stuff is all in the crazy works behind the scenes at the FAA. I mean, You can read about it. It's there. They're, they're establishing corridors and plans and it'll start with pilots operating. But eventually they're looking for an autonomous situation where you just, the Jetsons, you walk out, get in your little hovercraft, go to the airport, get in the big hovercraft.


It's coming. Yeah. I'm, I hope I'm gone when this all happens. I Surely will be. Yeah. Sherry, that was really, it was wonderful to get the benefit of your decades of experience. Thank you. And your honesty. So Thank you, Thank you enough For, for the opportunity. And, and I, I really pray for The president, secretary Duffy, the incoming fa administrator that, that we can get ahead of this before it gets outta control. Yeah. Before people die. I hope so. Thank you. Thank you very much. We wanna Thank you for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day. We know the people who run it. Good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bell so you never miss an episode.


We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter. Telling the truth. Always, you'll not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell. We appreciate, thanks for watching.