
Parents of tweens, if you're familiar with far off drop-offs, Dad, stop, stop, stop right Here. Or get DMS about what's for dinner. You may be experiencing tween milestones for your son or daughter. These can start at age nine, HPV vaccination, a type of cancer prevention against certain HPV related cancers can start then too For most HPV clears on its own. But for those who don't clear the virus, it can cause certain cancers later in life. Embrace This phase. Help protect them in the next, ask Their doctor today about HPV vaccination, brought to you by Merck.


The US economy and financial system is the leader globally and laundering dirty money. I said to this wonderful group, let's pretend there's a big red button up here on the lectern, and if you push that button, you can stop all hard narcotics trafficking tomorrow. Who here will push the button? And out of a hundred people dedicated to evolving our society spiritually, guess how many would push the button? I don't know. One you suggested the control grid is in part designed to manage the population. So if you wanna move people to a much lower economic footprint, having complete control is obviously very convenient. Okay, so the bottom line is the majority's about to get a lot poorer. So the question is, where's all this money going? And one of the things I've looked at is the underground base and city infrastructure and transportation system that's been built.


What would be the purpose? I think if you're worried about a near extinction event. So Thank you for doing this. You get, and I know you've worked on this for years, but you get the sense if you're just a sort of aware person, that there is a concerted attempt by governments around the world to digitize commerce and to digitize currency and to basically control people through money.


Correct. That Correct. Okay. So that was my first question. Is this happening? Am I imagining it? It's Absolutely happening. And what's important to understand, it's been happening for a long time. In other words, this is like a, an invisible corral. That's that they've been building around you for a long, long time. 'cause the, you know, how do a few sneak up on the many? Well, you have to do it very quiet invisibly before you throw the trap. Smart. So, so essentially what they're building, because it's converting a currency system into a control system, so it's really the end of currency. And, and what they're doing is they've been building the different digital pieces.


And when it integrates and comes together, then you literally have a digital concentration camp. It's complete and utter control, Otherwise known as the world. It's, here's the thing to understand. We, you and I grew up in a world where there was mass media, where you were pitching stories, you know, So you had 57 varieties of ice cream and you're pitching them to 57 different niches, but you're still pitching to mass audiences. What we're talking about is a system where you can surveil control and influence one person at a time. And with AI and software, each person can have their custom surveillance influence, nudging and control system.


And punishment, Yes. Enforcement. Because Ultimately if you control money, you can starve people to death. You can kill 'em. Right? Right. So go back and think of the pandemic. So if I say you can't go more than a mile from your home, and I say you can't, you have to be mandated a pharmaceutical then if you don't take the pharmaceutical, I can turn off your money. If you go more than a mile away from your home, your money and your credit cards won't work. So it, you know, whatever rules I lay down, there's a wonderful, wonderful example. The head of the Bank of International Settlements is the Central Bank of Central Banks.


And it's been running the process to implement basically an all digital monetary system. And they have innovation hubs all over the world. They've been running this process for a long time. And in 2020 when the pandemic started, or it was October, 2020, so the Panda pandemic was underway, the general manager of the Bank of International Settlements was in on an IMF panel. And in one minute, it's the first time in my life I ever saw a central banker tell the truth. I fell off my chair. And he said, you know, the beauty of this is we can set the rules on how your money works, and we have the technology to enforce them.


And what he was saying is literally from one place in, you know, anywhere in the world where the technology exists, you can track each person individually. You can set a, a complex list of rules, you know, like legislation regulation and administrative policy. And you can enforce them all with the technology with AI and software. So, have you ever seen, there's a wonderful movie called the, the Lives of Others about the German Stasi and surveillance. It's about a group of artists and sort of creative talented people who are under surveillance by the German Stasi. And you see what it's like to be under surveillance for 24 7.


Think of each one of us. We're all under surveillance, not just by governments, but by corporations who are trying to do something. And it may not be anything nefarious. So 80 different companies are trying to sell you something, or 80 different companies are trying to get your data for some reason. And, and so they have AI and software bots that track you and follow you and learn from you and try and influence what you do. 'cause they're trying to extract some kind of value from you. And literally think of, you know, being attacked by a swarm of bees. We're surrounded now by a swarm of AI software bots all trying to learn from us, extract something from us, or get us to do something.


Now, when you go to an all digital system, then there's no escape. And then they can start literally to enforce rules they do now. So, so What are the manifestations of this that maybe we're not paying attention to or don't perceive for what they are? So look at what they did to the Canadian truckers. We don't like what you're doing. We cut off your money and we cut off your friend's money. And if people help you, we cut off their money too. So I've had, I've known so many different people around the country who've been de banked. We just got legislation passed in Tennessee that a bank over a certain size couldn't de bank someone for political or religious reasons. You know, and, and you're, you're one of the things that's happening.


There's No such federal law, Not that I know of, but I haven't law, I've been working with the states because ultimately the, the one power currently under the Constitution in the United States that can stop this, the powers not delegated to the federal government by the states are reserved to the states. In other words, the states are technically more powerful than the federal government. And under the Constitution, they have the power to override the federal government on many different issues, including healthcare. And so one of the tensions we see in America is more and more there is a debate between the feds and, and the states about who has what power.


So we've seen a, a lot of the conservative ages and treasures pushing back in a, in a wonderful way, in a marvelous way. The challenge they have is this, and this was said to me by a senator in northern Ohio. Northern Ohio has one of The best groups of sort of freedom fighting legislators in the country. And as you probably know, 'cause you know, Montana, it's very beautiful. And you're talking About Montana? Idaho. Idaho, okay. So, so, but it's right, you know, it's right next to Montana. So one of the Idaho senators said to me, he said, my problem every time I fight to implement the constitution, he said, what I learn is that every year we send a dollar to Washington, and every year Washington sends back a dollar in 19 cents.


And when I say I wanna implement the constitution, my constituents say to me, I'd rather have the 19 cents. Yeah. So what we've been watching literally since World War II, is the federal government and a very, you know, large both monetary and fiscal policy, buying people out of the constitution and buying the whole federal, I mean the federal government is right now, so operating so far outside the law, it's, you know, you know how unbelievable it is. So that's the challenge before us, if we wanna be free, you know, we're gonna have to decide. We're not gonna let ourselves be, you know, it's, it's like being sort of walked into the slaughterhouse.


We're not gonna walk into the slaughterhouse. And, but You don't even, I, I guess what bothers me about it, there's something wonderfully straightforward, horrifying, but wonderfully straightforward about just a conventional invasion where people show up with guns and tell you what to do. 'cause at least you know who the enemy is. But there's something very scary in an insidious way about being lulled into slavery. Right. And the thing to understand about the lulling is the lulling, the marketing plan works one person at a time. In other words, you know, you, I buy with money your friend I buy by knocking them off for the other, you know, your other friend I, I get a control file on. So there are thousands of different ways of nudging buying carrots and sticks to get everybody into the control, into, into the trap.


And, and what is so insidious about this is much of the marketing plan is invisible and it's, and it really is crafted one by one, The odds seem overwhelming against the average person in a system that you just described. So how far are we from not being able to exercise constitutional freedoms? So I don't know how many years they're clearly pushing to have this done by 2030. And you know, what I do have to say is if you look at what it takes to stop it, I believe they're gonna fail. Now what I don't underestimate is how much damage they could do.


And the, you know, the failure may not come in time to save America. So if We could just stop and define terms, who's they? I, the central bankers? Yes. Right. So we, we have a democratic republic, or we have a republic and use this democratic process. What happened in 1913 is the bankers took control of monetary policy. What they're trying to do now is take control of fiscal policy. Once they get control of fiscal policy, it's gonna be much harder to reverse it. Can you, I'm gonna ask a series of really dumb questions. Okay. I hope you'll indulge me. What's the difference? Taxation without representation, but Between fiscal and monetary policies.


Okay. Monetary policy is, I control the process by which currency is issued, including through credit. So, so, so I generally govern and control credit issuance. Yes. And, and, and from that, the currency, the creation and management of the currency, fiscal policy is one, I control the taxes and the borrowing of the US government Now because the central bank basically operates the borrowing, you know, it's the, the borrowing shared. But this comes down as the, you know, this is the Boston Tea Party moment. Can they tax without representation? So I'll give you a little story.


During the Biden administration, Biden nominated somebody for control of currency who was ultimately not approved. The Republicans in the Senate killed the nomination before she was nominated three weeks before she wrote an article in the Vanderbilt Law Review that said, the great thing about central bank digital currency, in other words, an all digital currency system is you have the perfect tool to deal with inflation. If inflation gets out of hand, you just freeze everybody's bank accounts. Nice. Right, right, right. You know, so it, it's, it's so, And inflation is a creation of monetary, it's the effect of monetary policy.


It's like something that somebody did to you. Well, there are two things that cause inflation. So one is monetary policy, managing monetary policy in a way that creates and monetary inflation. But you also have, and we're going through it now, what I call deglobalization, where you have real increases in the cost of goods. So my cost of goods are going up. And it's not because they're issuing, you know, too much currency relative to growth. It's because we are reversing globalization. Globalization created a whole lot of lower costs for a variety of reasons. So if you had severing of supply chains, for example, that would cause inflation.


'cause it just costs more to get the materials and the goods. Right. And, and it's not just higher prices. It's, you know, some products, a lot of products stop being economic and just go away. So, you know, when you hiccup up supply chains, especially if you do it by shock doctor or shock and all, which is what we're watching now, you know, it wrecks havoc. So think of it like a, a flotilla of ships that need to turn, if the aircraft carrier doesn't let everybody know they're turning, then the, the boats aren't ready to turn. And you have boats smashing into each other. You sink A lot of ships doing that, you Sink a lot of ships. So leaving aside whether that was wise or not, that's what we're doing.


Right? So you get inflation out of that. Of course, you're absolutely right. If if oil prices go up, you get inflation 'cause Right. And that deglobalization started in the financial crisis. So, you know, so it's accelerating now, but it's not that we just started it. How did it start? During, in 2008? Yes. Yes. Because why? Because for several reasons. But one is we were trying to exercise more and more control through the dollar system. And we've always exercised a lot of power and control and, and extracted a subsidy from the dollar system. But you have more and more people trying to get out of the system. And the financial crisis, the first, the Asian crisis in 97 was a real wake up to Asia, you know, you, you need to create more resiliency.


But more and more things happened. And then in 2008 it started to accelerate with the creation of the, you know, as the bricks started to organize and work to sort of pull out of the doors. So The idea was you've gotta world economy based on the dollar. The people who issue and administer the dollar are not running things responsibly. Therefore we need a separate safe haven There. The people running the dollar system want a unipolar model. Yeah. The US wants a unipolar model and we don't wanna be part of a unipolar model because we don't want, if you look at the level of subsidy they're extracting, we don't want that level of, of subsidy distracted.


And if you look at some of the rules and regulations, we don't wanna be a part of it. So we, in India, the, the, I don't know if you ever saw one of the greatest explanations of globalization ever given, sir James Goldsmith came to the United States in 1994 And he did an interview with Charlie Rose. And he described why we should never approve the Uruguay round of gat and institute the WTO. And he, to this day, he nailed, nailed it perfectly. If you could summarize his argument, what would it Be? He said, we are going to Hallow out the middle class in the West and we are going to devastate our culture.


Ultimate our culture. Yes, our culture. We're gonna devastate our culture and we're gonna devastate the quality of the food supply. He said that. Yes. So now those are my words of way of saying it. You should watch it. And I, I think to this day, I think it's The best description. And, and if you read my online book and you listen to Sir James Goldsmith, what they both describe as the fact we knew, we knew what we were. In other words, the leadership knew how that this would destroy or devastate the West. So why'd they do it? That's the $64,000 question. Well, they hate, I Hate they hate the West.


I think Defenders of the West. No, I don't think You're, I I think one of the reasons they did it is I think they wanted to create the capacity and centralize the capital they needed to go into space. And I think they knew that they would need every a hundred or so years. The central bankers do a reset. And I think they knew they were coming into a reset and, and they felt with this technology that they, you know, if they didn't globalize someone else would. And, and they wanted to control the process to go, They needed the money to go into space, The capital. Well I don't even know what that means.


So I think they wanted to build the capacity to become a multi-planetary civilization. Really? Yeah.


Spring and summer are here. That's good news. It means you get to go outside and frolic in the sunshine. Unfortunately, there's a downside. Burglars are psyched for the longer days. It means fewer people are home and that gives them more chances to break in and steal your stuff. This is not our imagination. FBI crime data backs it up more daylight means more burglaries. That's bad. But there is a solution. You can leave your house feeling secure with simply safe. This is a really cool idea. Millions of Americans use this. It's the highest standard in home security. You get peace of mind every time you leave. So a traditional burglar arm system and the kind maybe you already have only sets off when someone has already broken into your house. That's not good. Smashed a window, come through the basement door, whatever. SimpliSafe prevents intrusions before they happen and does it. With AI powered cameras and live professional agents monitoring it leaves nothing to chance. Plans for SimpliSafe start around a dollar per day so it's not crazy expensive at all. Visit SimpliSafe, that's SIMP iaf.com/tucker and get 50% off a new system with professional monitoring you get your first month for free. That's simplisafe.com/tucker. There is no safe like SimpliSafe.


Did you know you can invest in crypto through your retirement account? That's right. I iTrustCapital allows Americans to invest in over 60 of the most popular cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin in a tax advantaged ira. Take control of your future, get started at i iTrustCapital dot com slash tucker and use the promo code tucker to get a $100 funding bonus. That's i iTrustCapital dot com slash tucker. Paid dad for informational purposes only. Taxes may apply. Crypto is speculative and carries risk of loss. I iTrustCapital does not provide legal investment or tax advice.


Tucker says at best their credit card companies are ripping Americans off. And enough is enough. This is Senator Roger Marshall of Kansas. Our legislation, the Credit Card Competition Act would help in the grip Visa and MasterCard have on us. Every time you use your credit card, they charge you a hidden fee called a swipe fee. And they've been raising it without even telling you. This hurts consumers and every small business owner. In fact, American families are paying $1,100 in hidden swipe fees each year. The fees Visa and MasterCard charge Americans are the highest in the world, double candidates and eight times more than Europe's. That's why I've taken action. But I need your help to help get this passed. I'm asking you to call your senator today and demand they pass the credit card Competition Act Paid for by the Merchants Payments Coalition, not authorized by any candidate or candidates committee. www.merchantspaymentscoalition.com.


Man, I was caught up in such minutiae in 1994. I never heard anybody say that. So I had no idea that was happening. So I became, I didn't become Convinced of that in 1994, I became convinced. Were you still Working for the federal government in 94? My company was the lead financial advisor for the Department of Housing and Urban Development. And I was trying to clean up the mortgage corruption. And what I ran smack into is that they were clearly and intentionally setting up the infrastructure to dramatically increase mortgage fraud. Intentionally Mortgage fraud is a public private partnership between the New York Fed member banks and the, and the federal government.


So, so the treasury and the Fed were clearly engineering a massive new mortgage bubble. And essentially I was doing a series of things and, and that mortgage bubble was gonna centralize capital. And I was working on a whole plan coming out of the Bush administration. We were taking all our profits and investing in building a software infrastructure that would help communities decentralize political and economic power, but in a way that would create new great wealth. And one of the projects we had was, we were working with, I had a subsidiary that had a, a project working with the top pension fund leaders in the country.


And, and essentially our job was to figure out how the pension funds could invest so that they could handle this baby boomer demographic going through the pension and retirement system and, and, and how we could do it. How they could invest their money. 'cause they're operating at such a size that it would be good for America. You know, how do you build a stronger America in a way that helps the baby boomers, you know, live in retirement. And I made a presentation in the spring of 1997 to, we were at a big money management firm outside of Pennsylvania and one of the board members was a money manager who worked with a lot of the pension funds.


And so we had all these top corporate and state pension fund leaders and I made a presentation. We had done a simulation of re-engineering the Philadelphia economy to achieve this. And the top pension fund leader looked at me And he said, oh my god, you know, this is very similar to what we tried long ago and it didn't work. And I said, you didn't have the internet, you didn't have the tools to get the average person's learning metabolism high enough, you know, on an economic basis to do that. We had built a data servicing company in low income communities and we were able to show how easily we could get the labor force or people on welfare off of welfare and make, making lots of money and being very productive at high speed.


And, And he looked at me And he said, you don't understand. It's too late. I said, what do you mean it's too late? He said, they've given up on the country, they're moving all the money out starting in the fall. He said, you've gotta get to Nick Brady. Nick had been my, I had been a partner at Dylan Reed, and Nick had been the chairman of Dylan Reed before he became Secretary of Treasury. And at that point Nick is out, but you know, sort of involved. Anyway, he said, you, you've gotta get to Nick and let him know it's not hopeless. This can all be turned around. And and I thought he meant we, the pension funds have been instructed to reinvest equity and reallocate our equity into the emerging markets, which made sense 'cause they had a much higher growth rate.


What I didn't realize then was, and I realized shortly thereafter, in October of 1997, that's the beginning of the 1998 fiscal year, huge enormous amounts of money started go, started disappearing from the US government. And literally by the time of nine 11, there was 4.1 trillion missing from DOD and hud. And if You remember the day before nine 11, Donna Rumsfeld stood up and, and basically said he, he did a press conference And he said there's 2.3 trillion in undocument adjustments last year at DOD and we're missing money. And it's, you know, it's worse than terrorism.


And then of course I was working with a report on a huge story that would've published that Friday after nine 11 about the missing money. We'd been working on it for over a year and she'd done nine stories. I'd helped her do nine stories. 'cause we were trying to get the general accounting office now that now they call it to the general accountability office. But we, we were trying to get both Congress and the GA GAO to do something about it and to try and stop it. And anyway, as you know Yeah. Priorities changed, right? For reasons that we still don't understand. And there was Oh, I under, Yeah, well, well I don't think the average person, the average person I think sort of thinks, well maybe there were 19 guys from well, but here's what Saudi or something I call the Patriot Act.


The, the control and concentration of Cashflow Act. Because what one of the things that happened after nine 11, if you, if you look at the history of the black budget, the sort of secret financing that The Government uses for secret and classified projects, that pot of money had grown and grown and grown and it, it had become very dysfunctional to try and get that money. Mortgage fraud to, I believe was one of the biggest sources. And that's why what I was doing sort of went into the heart of the problem. But the Patriot Act and that whole process was very successful at moving a lot more money onto the budget.


In other words, it made it much easier to get enormous amounts of money for the national security state state as a result of what happened. Now, you know, whenever you do an operation like this, you stack function. So it's only one of many goals, but it was very successful. Boy, it went, all went right over my head. I thought it was all about Muhammad Ada. I had no idea. I know you're laughing. I wanna tell you my church story. Wait Minute, hold on. There's so many threads here. Yeah, there's a lot of Threats. Yeah, there's a lot of threads. I just want to, I don't want to let it, to continue to hang in the air. This question of space, you sort of threw that out parenthetically, but like I've never heard that before. So you believe going back 30 years, that people in the US government and in the finance world wanted money for space.


Yeah, it wasn't US government, it was the central banking. If you look at the central, if you look at the group of people who meet through the BIS What's that? The bank ba, the BIS is the Bank of International Settlements and it's the Central Bank of Central Banks. Where is that Located? It's in Basel, Switzerland. And it has 63 of the most powerful in central banks as its members. And the New York Fed and the Fed are both shareholders. They became shareholders in 1994. In One sentence, what's the, what's the purpose of the Bank of International settlements? Okay, so there are two things you need to know about the Bank of International settlements. I'm not sure my brain's big enough for this, but keep going. It is, Okay, it has sovereign immunity.


What does that mean? It's above the law. It's its own country, right? It's its own country. It has its own police force. And essentially other than one of its staff being in a car accident or you know, minor things, no one has the legal authority to move against it. Okay? And that sovereign immunity, that's number one. Number two, it can move money and hold it on its bank, on its balance sheet and manage money secretly. So if I wanna, I'm, and I'm grossly oversimplifying, if I wanna steal 21 trillion from the US government and park it on the balance sheet of the BIS, it can move it anywhere in the world and it can keep it on its balance sheet secretly.


W why would there be an organizational? But first of all, where does its power? Like who empowered it to have sovereign immunity in the right to, It was created after World War I and, and and sort of collected its powers and got going in the thirties and it was created in theory to manage the reparations of the German government. But if you read the real history, it was because of the Bank of England and the central bankers wanted an entity that had sovereign immunity. They wanted to be able to move money secretly. So for example, if you look at what happened during World War II and all the money that was moving back and forth between the Germans and Americans, you know, Dulles was over in Switzerland helping to match these, all these transfers back and forth.


So there's a wonderful book called The Tower of Basel by a wonderful Hungarian journalist where he documents and describes the whole history of the back of international settlements. And if you wanna understand power in this world, understanding the, how the bank of international settlements and the, and the plumbing of the central banking system works is very, very important. I've always been worried that if I knew more that I would become mentally ill. No, No. So I just have to say that reality is sort of the door that you open to find real solutions. So there are real solutions and, and the biggest obstacle to implementing them is nobody wants to face it.


So I used to have a pastor who would Say, nobody wants to face the truth of how things Actually work. Nobody wants to face the truth. And I understand that because the hardest thing I ever had to do, Tucker, was look in the mirror and say, I'm the patsy. I was the assistant secretary of housing. I didn't know. And I went along and I didn't face this. I should have seen this faster, I should have said, I'm the patsy. And it was, it, it's sometimes it's harder than facing death to admit that you've been part of, you know, a big lie and you've been tricked. Yeah. As someone who advocated for the Iraq war on television, I I've lived this to Some extent. Oh no. Yes I did. Well, you know, you, part of facing this is you have to forgive yourself.


You really have to. But I used to have a pastor who would say, if we can face it, God can fix it. Because you have to understand we can't fix it. There are many, many things we can do to change the course, and I believe ultimately freedom can prevail. And there's many things we can do to help that happen. But ultimately this is a spiritual war, and you have to call on God. You have to call on the divine. And that's where the battle is ultimately gonna be decided. And that means literally, I believe this is true, the divine intelligence cannot go to work unless we're willing to face it. You know, we have to look at it, we have to pray, we have to ask for help, and we have to deal with it.


And the solutions, the real solutions will be cultural. There'll be millions of people acting in their own life, refusing to be controlled, you know, individually. So Very, very wise, what you just said, I think it's true. And, and Thank you for saying that. I want to just go one more time to the space question. So you said that people with power at the central banks decided that we need to sort of colonize space, right? Or move towards space. Did that happen? So here's what happened, and we have two wrap up and I think I sent them to you. One is we published in 2015 called Space.


Here we Go. And it's got a picture of a businessman, you know, taking off in a spaceship. And then we, in 2017, after a couple of the big investment banks wrote big things about space investment. We wrote one called the Space-Based Economy. And then we, we track space on reports. So I would ref refer, refer you to that. But I think, I think, you know, first of all, you've seen a lot of capital centralized into a few billionaires who then reinvest that money in space. So Musk, Bezos, you know, so clearly there's a centralization of capital and a reinvestment.


So the idea of space is what I mean, just biggest possible picture. Why would you be interested in space? I say this is someone who's not Right. So, so let me give you a couple reasons why. First of all, you're looking for, the miners are looking for a variety of different resources. So there are practical reasons if you can get the cost down that you would wanna do asteroid mining, the big one, the big economic one is control is most easily implemented by satellites. So you wanna put up a whole ring of satellites that combined with telecommunications can basically help run the control grid and not just the control grid in the West, the control grid.


If you're gonna shift huge amounts of money globally, how are you going to track and enforce that your money is being properly invested? Well, you need a control grid globally. So I, I think that's part of it. The last thing, and I don't know the answer to this, is I think there is real concern about geophysical risks. Yeah. And one way to deal with that is to make sure we don't bet the ranch on one planet. So to that, if we could just linger on that. Thank you for that. That all makes sense. If we just linger on one question. So geophysical risks. So we've been lectured for, I don't know, 30 years now about climate change. Climate change is obviously an ongoing feature of life on this planet.


The Glaciers, it's just an op of, So of course it's an op and I think we, you know, people have figured that out. Yeah. But but that doesn't mean that smart, highly informed people aren't worried about Right. Geophysical risks. They are. And I know some of them, right. So what do you think those risks are? That that honest, smart people who are interested in self-preservation and thriving? Like what are the risks they're worried about? So I think, I think the first is a solar minimum where you get big drops in the economy and the agriculture and you can't feed the population, right? So because there are changes in climate because of the distance of the earth from the sun, right?


And that changes, Right? So we know throughout history we go through periods of solar minimum, Solar minimum is the name. I think it's called solar minimum. I'm not an expert in any of this. So, So they are worried about climate change, but they don't think it's coming from your suburban, right? It's not coming from human behavior. Now there, there are environmental problems coming from human behavior for sure. And those are, that's for sure. Right? So, so, so, so that's one. And do you think that risk is real? I don't know For the record, I I, I have one friend who's very well informed, who has convinced me that that is real. That they're, that they're very concerned about water. If, if you look at the history, you know, of solar minimums and you look at what it does to, you know, there was a Russian, I, I can't remember if he's an economist or science that did a lot of research on the stock market and solar activity, you know, and the, the, if you're the central bankers and you're in charge of managing the financial system, that that reality would make me very nervous.


So, Okay, So I think I, you know, I think there's something there worth understanding. The other thing is every, it appears to me, if you go back through history, every 10,000, 12,000 years, we have, you know, some kind of huge disaster. An extinction event, An extinction, a near extinction event. So I don't know if you've ever read the science fiction book Three Body Problem? No. It's fascinating. It's a one of the tops Chinese science fiction and, and it's about A plant I've read no Chinese science fiction. Okay, I'll, I'm feeling very ignorant this morning. No, no, No, no. Because I, here's the thing, I'm just trying to figure out what in the world's going on Yeah, Amen.


Will die I'm in the same place. Yeah. And so that always, as you know, that always leads you to the most does. Right? It does, right. So in one, I think it was, I think the thing that got me to read Three Body Problem was Obama made some cryptic comment about people ought to read this book. It was like, hint, hint, you know, here are the problems I'm dealing with. And the three body problem is about other bodies that come into the solar system. And you, it's, they're, it's impossible to predict their trajectory. And then when they do, they create this catastrophic flooding and earthquakes and all this other stuff. Anyway, but, but I think that there, whether it's a pole shift, magnetic pole shift is one of the, you know, theories of what causes these events.


But there is a history of near extinction events. And one of the things that I've looked at, because I'm trying to figure out, you know, when 20 between 19 fiscal 1998 and fiscal 2015, there were 21 trillion of undocument adjustments in the US government. If you go to our website, missing money dole.com, we have years and years of documentation including The Government financials that show this. And so the question is, where's all this money going? And one of the things I've looked at in the process of looking at where all this money is going is the underground base and city infrastructure and transportation system that's been built.


And I'm sorry, Yes. So, so we have built an extraordinary number of underground bases and supposedly transportation systems. Some of these are a record of, some of these are documented as part of the national security infrastructure. I think there are many more. So In the United States. In the United States on all over the world. But in from 2021 to 2023, I took one of the smartest subscribers in the ER report network. And he and I spent two years collecting all the data and all the allegations on underground basis.


And then we, we systematically went through and tried to estimate our guess this is totally a guess of how many underground bases, both underground in the United States, but also underground under the ocean around the United States. And our estimate was 170 with a transportation network connecting them. And what would be the purpose? The purpose if you thought you were gonna get a near extinction event. So, so there, to me, there are two purposes. You have so many activities going on that you need to keep secret, that you're basically building the capacity to, for example, if you're doing a secret space program, you need to platform it from, you know, things that can't be seen.


But I think if you're worried about a near extinction event, you know, that's, So I know nothing about this other, my only window into it, I knew a contractor who worked on one in Washington, in the city of Washington DC right? And I remember him telling me about a power box, like a transformer box on Constitution Avenue that he told me. 'cause he worked on it personally, was actually the exit, the egress from White House that was kind of by vehicle. I thought that was, And I was like, really? He goes, oh yeah, no, I, I called it, I know. And I thought, well, that's kind of crazy.


In the middle of this big city where I live, I lived in, I was on Constitution Avenue every day that you could build something like that without me knowing it. Under the VP's house at the Naval Observatory, same thing. I think most people know that next to my brother's house on McComb Street in dc So also, so like, but that's, I always thought that was like preparation for nuclear war. Like I didn't really think about it that much. So some of it is, yeah, it's, it's preparation for catastrophe. So, but you think that there are facilities like that in other places outside DC Oh, yeah. So if you're interested, we have a great interview. I did an interview of Richard Dolan on underground basis on the Cili report, and it's sort of an introduction to the topic, and it's based on a lot of the research of a guy named Richard Souder, who is very hard to interview.


So Richard kind of went through all the material and, and you know, clearly it's, I don't know if you ever saw Washington Post did a, a project, it was in 2010 or 12 called Top Secret America. And one of the reporters, it was a team of two reporters. One of them put together a database of all the different top secret installations that had been built in the country, including since the Patriot Act. And what you saw was just this explosion of money in building so many both underground and aboveground facilities.


Not all sleep aids are made by pharmaceutical companies. You probably heard about Eight Sleep by now. They develop the country's most innovative products for sleep. Almost everybody in our office uses something they make called the pod and they love it. And there's a reason that professional athletes and lots of other smart people do too. You add the pod to your mattress, like a mattress cover, and it helps you get a better night's sleep and fill with vitality at the start of each day in an intimidating way almost. It's amazing. How does it do it? Well, it uses advanced technology to track your sleep and automatically adjust the temperature of your side of the bed to what's perfect for sleep and temperature makes all the difference. It's backed by over 600 million hours of data. They've also used those insights to create their new product Sleep Elixir, to help you get quiet before you get to bed, fall asleep faster and stay knocked out longer. No grogginess, no weird side effects, just better deep sleep. So if you're ready to take sleep and recovery to the next level, go to Eight Sleep dot com slash tucker to get 350 bucks off your pod. Four ultra full refund for 30 days. If you don't love it, it works.


XX XY XY Athletics is the only athletic brand taking a stand for free speech and women's sports. 80% of Americans agree that women's sports are for women only too few speak out, but you can make a difference. Wear XXXY athletics and take a stand for truth and women's Sports XXXY athletics makes everything from t-shirts to premium workout gear. Don't give your money to woke brands that sell women out. Head to the truth fits.com. Use code Tucker 20 for 20% off@thetruthfits.com. That's Tucker 20 for 20% off@thetruthfits.com.


They Speak of darkness and danger, but totalitarian novels also give us hope, showing us how to defend our society from the horrors of tyranny. In Hillsdale college's free online course, totalitarian novels, Hillsdale president Larry Arn teaches us lessons from classic novels like George Orwell's 1984 that are as relevant today as ever. Sign up now for Hillsdale College's free online course, totalitarian novels@tuckerforhillsdale.com. That's tucker for hillsdale.com.


Just as a theological matter, I hate to say this, but I think it's true. If you're building a lot underground, you're on the wrong side. I just don't, I don't think that's a good sign. So I'll tell you a very funny, I mean, right? I mean like, just like, let's just the obvious first that's not good. So I'll tell you a very funny story. So in, after I left the administration, after I left the Bush administration, I went on the board of Sally Mae and I'm on the board of Sally Mae. And after one of the first meetings, there's a wonderful And stop. I, I don't, I you've been talking about underground bases and colonizing space and you clearly seem totally sane, but I'm sure some people are like, well, she's obviously crazy.


I should have set at the stage, at the beginning with your biography, like, you're as mainstream, you're on the board of Sally Ma, Sally May, you're a partner at Dylan Reed. It's like Right, You're not just like on the internet. Right? I'm sorry, I just wanna say that right. I just wanna say that this is like a former high level federal official who's on the board of Sally May and a partner at Dylan Reed. Okay, just wanna say that out loud. Okay. So, so I'm on the board and there was a lovely chairman, a really lovely guy, And he comes up, he, he says, can I talk to you after the meeting? And I said, sure. And he pulls out this big glossy brochure for the Council on Foreign Relations And he said, the time has come for you to join.


And he said, we want you to ask Nick, Nick Brady to sponsor you. And I said to him, you know, Sam, I just don't want to do this. I I just, I I really don't wanna do this. And he looked shocked And he said, you don't understand. If you don't do this, you're out forever. And just at that moment, just at that moment, you know, it's, it's these moments when things come to you, I saw in my mind I'm very pictorial. I saw in my mind a locker in the underground base and they were taking my name off of the locker. And I thought, I thought, you know, if it comes to that, I'll take my chances upstairs from the holy Boy.


Yeah, me too. And I said, and, but it's this, it's a, you know something. It's at the deepest root, it's a spiritual and cultural Question. I totally agree. Who, who do you, who's towering underground? Like in the dark places? No, There's, but to, to me, there's nothing wrong with going into a bunker if they're bombing. Okay. Yeah. You know, I don't have a problem with that, but I, I really didn't wanna be with all of them in a concentrated space. It was like, no, I'd rather, And you know them, and this is, you're not guessing at this like, you know, a lot of these people I know a lot of these people. And the one thing I'll have to say, if there's anything I learned from my history, the problem is not they are bad and we are good.


That's not how this works. The evil in the good is threaded at every level of society, every community, every enterprise. It it doesn't work like that. Well, I'm not especially good. I know that. I know that for a fact. So I Think you're pretty good. Yeah. But of course you know more about yourself than anyone else does. And I know that what a flawed person I am, so I'll never declare myself on Right. On. You know, I'll never say God's on my side. I'll say I want to be on God's side, but Right, exactly. You know, it's an open question. Well, it's a journey. It's never over. Right. And, and we're not perfect. And it's, you try every day to do as good as you can. You know, and it's like baseball, you get some hits some days and some days you strike out.


So, but you believe that there's a whole constellation of underground bases built by the US government in the United States like that fact alone, just the physical infrastructure of it. 'cause normally talking about what are they do, It's enormously expensive. Well, it's unbelievable. And like it raises lots of practical questions. How do you ventilate 'em? What about food and water supply? You know, Where's the energy? Are we using breakthrough energy or Where's the energy come? Right. Right. Because I'm sure that we have the ability to, to produce breakthrough energy at very low cost. You know, if you go back and start with Why are you sure of that, My Dutch partners I met because they were doing a series of conferences on Breakthrough Energy and they brought together breakthrough energy inventors from around the world.


And, you know, you can see all the videos up on the internet and, and really went through the history from Tesla on of different inventors who have discovered and claimed different innovations with breakthrough energy. And I'm convinced that this energy exists. And I'm also convinced if you look at a lot of the really fast ships, you know, flying around the planet, you know that they, you know, they're not using classical electricity, they're Leasing. Right. So, so you Know, they're not running a diesel. Right, Exactly. Right. So Yeah. So we know that these, I'm sorry, I get so caught up in the details, but we know that there are quite a number of large underground bases in the United States, right?


We can state that as fact. Right. And then the question becomes of course, like if they're connected to the power grid, you know, if they're pulling off just a conventional natural gas, electricity generation station, you could like know that, measure it, but you think they have independent energy sources. Of course they do. So one of the, one of the questions I have that I think is really important is when you look at breakthrough energy, if you were running the planet, so I have this nickname for the committee at the top, Mr. Global, if you were Mr. Global, you would not wanna implement Breakthrough Energy on a widespread basis for a variety of reasons. One of which is everybody got a hold of it and weaponized it.


It could be very dangerous. Why? My understanding is that literally one small group of people could take this, you know, with no sovereign powers or, you know, just organize crime and use it in a way that could weaponize it and make it very dangerous. I don't, I, I'm not a scientist, I don't really understand, Right? But energy by definition is dangerous. You know, gasoline's dangerous, right? Right. Electricity's dangerous. Of course, nuclear energy's dangerous. Right? But if you're fair point, if you're, if you're the risk manager and you're charge of managing the planet, you know, this has more disruption capability, both weaponization, economic, you know, suddenly everybody's free to do whatever they want.


And so they're much harder to control. So, so if you're Mr. Global and you have the capacity to dramatically lower the energy cost, the other danger is then population skyrockets. And you, you're concerned about that. So if you're Mr. Global and you're worried about what will happen if you bring this technology out, it's very convenient to get complete control. If you don't trust the population to be environmentally responsible or politically responsible, then complete control. So I have a, we have a good mutual friend who's been bothering me for years to interview you. You've gotta interview her. Why so glad.


Well just 'cause she's, he said, this is like The best informed, smartest, most reasonable, mainstream sane person I know of you. He said this. And I was like, yeah, okay. Anyway, and we're just really glad we did this interview. Oh. Because you're blowing my mind up and down. So how convinced are you that breakthrough energy, alternate forms of energy, non-publicly disclosed forms of energy are in use by the US government? I think there's a very high chance that, that they're in some kind of use in a very controlled secret way. Yeah. Well, there are tons of indications and you've had right, a number of people, like at the contractor level, like I'm a federal contractor and electrician or a, you know, concrete guy or whatever.


And I was working on this underground facility. There are a number of people who come forward to say this. And I saw appeared to be some brand new form of energy I didn't understand. Right. And sane people too. Sean Ryan, who's a friend of mine, wonderful guy, honest man who's a podcaster, interviewed, did an interview with this guy who was just like a, just a random blue collar guy, right? I think he was a concrete guy, you know, And he got a call for a million yards of concrete or whatever, and went to this underground facility DOD facility and saw clearly signs of some energy source that was, you know, defied the laws of known physics. So I, and there are a bunch of people have said stuff like that. So I don't think it's crazy. So I have a, one of, I have two businesses.


One is the Cary Report, the other is Cary Screens. I do an investment screen. And I think, you know, a lot has to shift in investment if we're gonna have a real civilization and not misallocate, I think we're locating capital terribly anyway. But he, he for 30 years has been in an investor, in a breakthrough energy company. Someone when, you know, has been Yeah, yeah. And, and it's called Brilliant Light. You can go look at their website, you know, and, and they're really, you know, they swear they've got it. And what is it? Don't ask me. Yeah. You gotta get him on. And So you think this money has been taken by people who've really thought through the future and are determined to survive it.


So I think I call it a financial coup. I think what happened was when the budget deal busted in 1995, they gave up on The Government. They just said, you know, this form of government will not work as a governance structure to manage the dollar system. They're right about that. And, and, you know, they just felt it was impossible. If you're a risk manager, you gotta turn the aircraft carrier before you hit the iceberg. And that could be 20 years before, do you know what I mean? And they just felt that the system wasn't working and it required to get consensus.


You just had to dumb people down and buy them off. And it just wasn't working. So I think they decided, okay, we're gonna re-engineer government on the just Do it method. The first thing we're gonna do is we're gonna pull all the money out, we're gonna put The Government in a debt trap, and then we'll squeeze it and shift to the control model. And it was a financial coup. And it started in fiscal 1998. So it started literally October 1st, 1997. By 2015, they had had 21 tr we had reports in their financials of 21 trillion of undocument adjustments from a cash standpoint. You know, that could be 50, it could be 50 trillion or 10 trillion.


There's no way to tell unless you can get access to the bank records. And then what happened was Dr. Mark Skidmore of Michigan State University and I published a study, sort of a survey we had done thanks to him and his students that announced that we were up to the 21 trillion at that point. Then the next step that happened, remember the Kavanaugh hearings very well. Okay? What you don't remember is during the Kavanaugh hearings, the White House, the Senate, the House Republican and Democrat, all of them together instituted, issued an administrative policy called Federal Accounting Standards Advisory Board statement 56.


Yeah, I did miss that. I'll just say you did miss that. Yeah, I, I was busy watching Kavanaugh yell about his teenage drinking or whatever. Right. And what that policy said is, as a matter of administrative policy, we do not have to obey the constitutional provisions related to financial budgeting and disclosure. We do not have to obey the laws and we do not have to obey the regulations. What we can do is appoint a secret group of people by a secret process to move money out of the financial disclosures of the United States and 150. So it's the 24 covered agencies plus approximately 150 governmental entities.


And when you throw in the classification laws and the, the national security laws, it also applies to the big banks and contractors working for the US government. Now let me explain what this means. As a matter of investment, when I look at the US large cap stock market or the US bond market, the treasury market, I have no financial disclosure that has any meaning. Everything's secret. I have no idea what it means. If I pick up the financials of a New York Fed member bank that is running the New York, the US Treasury Department's bank accounts, or if I pick up the treasury financial statements, they're meaningless.


They don't mean anything. What's missing? You can't know. All you can know is a secret group of people can move whatever, make whatever they want go missing. And you can't know what it is. It's all secret. So I'm, I'm looking at half the cake, but I don't know what, what part of the cake is missing. So it it's meaningless. You don't even know if it is half right. I, I don't, it, it's, you know, it, it is reached a level of absurdity where, and but, but the absurd thing is, as a legal matter to take the position that an administrative policy agreed upon by the uni party can overrule the constitution, can overrule the laws, and can overrule the regulations simply by, You know, like the, you know, you, you wave the wand and suddenly magically law doesn't matter.


I mean, now you're talking, and, and you also saw this in, in the financial crisis, a decision was made by Eric Holder in the Department of Justice to not prosecute HSBC. There's a wonderful video on The best evidence channel by John Titus about this whole thing. And basically what they said is a systemically important. This is under the BIS Yeah. There's a definition under the BIS under the Financial Stability Board of a financially systemically important institution. Right. These institutions are free to break the law with no, they're free to break the law at most.


All they have to do is kick back a piece of the prophets to the Department of Justice. So it's like a, a formal kickback system. And what you're saying is that you're taking the sovereign immunity of the BIS and through the New York Fed extending it to the banks that are running these operations with JP Morgan and the rest Bank of America, right? Yeah. Right. So, so what you're, what you've done with the BIS, the IMF, the World Bank, the un, you've created all these different organizations, and if you look at, we, we did like 40 in Latin America, you've created an international overlay of organizations that have various forms of sovereign immunity. Of course, the big one being the BIS.


And so if they are free to break the law, I mean, if you, if you look at the financial crisis, what you're saying is these companies can lose trillions of dollars, have it replaced by the taxpayer and keep on going. So now is the point of the conversation where I have to ask the obvious question, which is who are these people? So can you name some of the people who you believe are making these decisions? Whose, whose decisions are effectively, as you just said, above the law, have effective immunity? Right. So, so that's the question sort of who is Mr. Global? Yeah. And, and my experience is the bureaucracy that, that sort of runs things is the central banking bureaucracy.


So we've described the BIS and the central bankers. Yes. So think of the planet as a house. So you have the house, then you have financing the house, that's the mortgage, then you have the insurance, and you know, if you don't have the insurance, then you're, then you have the equity in the house. Right? And, and the insurance layer is very, very important to make sure that the equity is protected. Right. Okay. So you got the real assets, you've got the banking system, you've got the insurance system, and then you've got the owners. So in my experience, if you go to the BIS and you look at the systemically important institutions and the members, you know, that's the bureaucracy that runs the debt and the transaction system.


So the, you know, the transactions, because the whole thing depends on being able to swap and, and transact the insurance group is very important for the reasons you just described. Same as on your house. And then the question is, who are the real owners? And that's the mystery. And I've spent my whole life trying to figure out who are the real owners and basically from what experience I've had, if you know their name, they're not one of the important owners. Do you know what I mean? Yes. It's, it's intergenerational pools of capital. Now here's what's interesting. One of the most powerful pools of intergenerational capital that I've ever dealt with is the Harvard Endowment.


And if you look at the squabble going on over who controls the Harvard Endowment right now, it's a very interesting squabble. What can you summarize that? Well, you have, you have the Trump administration and the Department of Justice now in a lawsuit with Harvard over who has what powers over Harvard's policies. But I think the big, the big fight is not the, you know, in asymmetrical warfare, the fight is never what the fight's really about. The real fight is about who controls the, so Harvard Corporation, the university is only a portion of the Harvard Corporation.


The Harvard Corporation runs the university and it runs the endowment. Okay. And the Harvard Corporation, in my experience, is one of the most important investment syndicates in the world. And because they have a tax exemption, they don't have to pay taxes, they spin off, I think the last time I looked, I don't know what it is currently, but they spin off about 4% a year for the university, which is a lot cheaper than paying taxes. And it's a great investment. 'cause the university provides all sorts of intellectual and human capital to the investment syndicate. You know, so it's a very brilliant, elegant model. And my theory is, it was the model that was really created to sort of compete with the, the Vatican and the Catholics who had 2000 years of, you know, diplomatic immunity and no taxes.


Anyway, so, so, but it is, the Harvard Corporation is run by a perpetuating board. So, so the board members, if board member leaves, they pick a new board member. So it's a perpetuate self perpetuating board. And my guess is behind the scenes, if there's a fight, one of the fight is who gets on that board because then you control a $50 billion plus endowment and a $50 billion plus endowment, which now is, has a 39% private equity portfolio. And these are, you know, I I said to on Money and Markets, which is our weekly show, I said the other week, you know, if this is a monopoly board that would be Park Place because it's such a flagship in the world of investment, it's such a major leader.


What would happen if the Congress decided to the new tax bill to tax university endowments, which they should do. I don't know. Because, because that will happen at the same time something else is gonna happen and these things are gonna happen at the same time. The thing that's gonna rock the universities is if you look at how much money it cost you as a father to put, put one child through college, you know it, you're talking about enormous bills. And if you look at how far the universities have gotten away from providing a great education, it's not a good investment.


So when I was an investment advisor, I used to work with my client's kids and we would literally do something, we have a learning plan on Cary now that came out of this. I would literally make them price time and money for each course they took by course. And I would basically make them say, look, what do you wanna do in this life? And what are the skills and tools you need to do it? And how are we gonna go get those tools with the least amount of your time and the least amount of your parents money? How are we gonna really, and we would come up with these wild education plans where they would like, you know, go to San Francisco for this audio video course and then they would be next year in Budapest studying at the university.


You know, 'cause you wanna, you wanna, you, you want kids to learn about the world and, and you want them to be, you know, not provincial stuck in world Want to be educated. Yeah. You want them to be educated anyway. But we would come up with these very creative things. And what you discover is now in a world of YouTube university and access to extraordinary, you know, resources all around the world to get a great education. The, the universities in the United States have gotten unbelievably bloated and unbelievably off track. I I think everyone senses that, Right? And they're, they're a terrible, if you're a, if you're a loving parent, they're a terrible investment.


You love your children, you want your children to be successful. If I want my child to be successful in the world, we're going into, you know, whether it turns into a control grid or the control grid as I believe will fail, you know, you want them to have an outstanding education. And, and I will tell you bluntly, the reason the unipolar model failed is because we don't have a culture that can field and manage a, That's exactly, that's exactly right. Right. We, we don't, we don't have, we don't have the human capital to run the world. We don't have the human capital, but we're teaching our human capital to adopt a culture that that cannot succeed. Exactly. Right, right, right. So if you're gonna run the world, you need Eaton and Sandhurst to, to, to provide an administrative class that's tough, clear thinking has a, that's, you know, well-defined mission.


I don't start with that. So sacrificing Exactly. You need Christianity. Well Ex well both of those, you know, certainly Eden was a Christian school, right? You, you, if you, if you are gonna be part of a project that is longer than a lifetime, then you have to understand that this is about, you know, at the root, this is about your immortal soul and your soul is immortal. And that, that triggers a very different way of looking at the world and a very different way of thinking. And then you have to be able to collaborate across time and space in very powerful ways that takes trust and faith. You have to be agreement capable. And you can't run a a unipolar model, let alone a successful multipolar model.


Un unless you're agreement capable. So this is avros term and this is what the Russians understood, and this is why they whooped our ass in Ukraine. They are agreement capable and we are not.


Now we're sure you've heard plenty of those free phone promises from America's biggest wireless carriers. If those deals sound too good to be true, it's probably because they are very often too good to be true. They come with layers of fine print requiring you to sign up for four lines plus activation fees, plus, plus plus this, that the other thing. You don't even understand what you're signing up for. And by the time you're done, you've paid for that free phone three x. It was a pretty expensive free phone. It's kind of a scam. Honestly. Our wireless company is called Pure Talk and it's got a much better and much more straightforward offer. And it comes with no strings whatsoever attached With a qualifying plan of just 35 bucks a month, you get legitimately the brand new Samsung Galaxy A 26 for free. It's actually free. There aren't hidden costs. You're not signing up the rest of your life or promising to name your kid after them or something. From virtually indestructible Gorilla glass to next generation camera lenses. The phone has basically everything that you want. All you need to do is switch to pure talk. 35 bucks a month for unlimited talk text and 15 gigs of data with mobile hotspot. All on America's most dependable 5G network. Go to pure talk.com/talker to claim your free Samsung Galaxy with Qualifying plan when you switch to Pure Talk wireless by Americans for American,


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock, LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


Every idea starts with a problem. Warby Parkers was simple, glasses are too expensive. So they set out to change that by designing glasses in-house and selling directly to customers, they're able to offer prescription eyewear that's expertly crafted and unexpectedly affordable. Warby Parker glasses are made from premium materials like impact resistant polycarbonate and custom acetate. And they start at just $95, including prescription lenses. Get glasses made from the good stuff stop by a Warby Parker store near you.


Man. There's, there's absolutely so much. Let me just move back once again to something that you said about policymakers, the congress, the central banks, the White House giving up on the American model in the mid nineties when the budget deal failed. I think you said 90, it was 95. I vaguely remember that the, you know this what this democratic system or whatever version of a democratic system we have, our system is incapable of self perpetuating long term. It's just too dysfunctional. And that's obviously true. It's too corrupt. It's too corrupt. It's too corrupt. Clearly true. Everyone senses that this isn't working, we're gonna get a new system. They figured that out 30 years ago.


The one kind of brick wall that is looming right in the windshield is the debt, is the debt meltdown. I mean, Ray Dalio talks about it every single day. Like, we have too much debt, people are gonna stop buying our debt because it's clearly a bad deal. And like what happens then? And you suggested the control grid is in part, designed to manage the population during that moment maybe or to Yeah, In part, yeah. So, so if you wanna move people to a much lower economic footprint, let alone do it on a shocking basis, having complete control is obviously very convenient. Okay. So the bottom line is everybody's about to get a lot poorer, not everybody, but a lot. The majority's about to get a lot poorer.


Depends on how they do that. If you bring out breakthrough energy, you can soften the blow. There are many things you can do to soften the blow. It doesn't have to be like Russia in 90 and 91. That's Exactly what I was thinking. It doesn't have to be can they do it that way? Yes. So it comes down to who governs and, and do they wanna do it. You know, one of my favorite lines is from Tina Turner. She says, we can do this nice or rough. Yeah. And we could do it nice and we can do it rough there. There are ways of doing the con control grid. Nice. And we can do it rough. And what are they planning? I don't know. To a certain extent. Remember the way, in my experience, the way they govern is they have targets and goals and then, you know, you sort of make it up as you go and sometimes it works and say it's very fluid.


So I wonder if the ai, if the data center boom, which really is the only sort of crackling sparkling piece of the real estate market right now, I think is building data centers, development market. Just call them control grids. Control grids control. I mean look, I'm, they're control notes, I'm totally opposed to it. But massive bets, economic bets on the success of ai, right? And the missing piece is energy. And how do you power all that? And we're already, as you pointed out in an analysis I read, you Have to, you have to bring out the breakthrough energy. That's what I'm saying, right? So like either they're gonna build it on coal deposits in Wyoming or, which is gonna be kind of hard 'cause they're gonna have to say all that climate stuff we've been yelling at you about for 30 years is total bullshit.


Now we're burning coal. I don't know if they can Well There was just an article in Bloomberg, the Texas needs 30 new nuclear plants and the Chinese are building enormous numbers of nuclear plants. Yeah. And there are risks in nuclear. I mean every, I'm a right winger and I've always defended nuclear. But let's be totally honest, like it's not risk free big time. Well here's the thing, how, how do you, how do you govern and manage nuclear plants with leadership That's not agreement capable Completely. And and also like in a country that's not turning out enough people in the heart, not enough engineers, right? Right. So no, there are huge problems with that. And, but that's like, that question is being forced on policymakers. Like what do you do about energy? What do you do about energy? What do you and what wind and solar like, we're gonna be laughing about that in five years.


'cause it's just silly. Well, One of the things you can do about energy is depopulate. Right? Right. I'm, and I know for a fact, I'm not guessing at this, that there are people running countries around the world who've thought about like, what does AI mean for my population? So it means they've got too many people. So this is something, I know this for a fact, I'm not guessing that leaders of countries are talking about between each other. Like I know that, and I'm not saying they're committing genocide or whatever, but they know that they're about to use far people. They're just looking in hard statistics. They Are. That's exactly right. So there's another thing that I don't understand very well. I've just listened to people. But if you listen to Sean Parker saying, I'm gonna live to 145 where there's an interview where the president's son-in-law says, you know, we're gonna be the last generation to die, or the first generation to live forever.


So you clearly have a group of people biohacking who think they can engage in massive longevity. It makes me wanna start smoking again. I'm just being honest. I don't want to be, I just want to move, I want to pivot away from that level of soul destroying hubris. Right. 'cause that's what that is. I'm God no, you're not. And you're gonna find out the hard way that you're not. Right. So it does make me want to, Right. But what I'm saying is if you, if you truly believe you can do that, and you're not gonna allow the general population to do it for environmental reasons than you would be for depopulation. Of course. Right? No, that's totally true. Right. So this Is again, farfield. Do you think there's evidence that people will be living to 145? I have no idea. I don't Either.


I don't really care. In other words, there's a whole set of scenarios I don't care about. I'm interested in freedom. And I believe that the only way we can be free is through a culture that embraces the divine and builds true wealth, enduring wealth and, and living wealth. Not just financial wealth. What is true wealth? True wealth? Well, you know, 'cause I would say you're truly, truly wealthy. I feel I am right? I don't have that much money, but I feel that way. Well, it's an integration of living equity with financial equity. And what I learned being a financial advisor is that everyone had been taught to build financial equity and they couldn't integrate it with l Living equity.


So you'd, you'd work with somebody who's, you know, worth millions of dollars who said they couldn't afford organic food. I like, are you crazy? You know, the, the number one thing that causes a diminution of family wealth is health problems. And, and, you know, healthcare fraud and healthcare bankruptcy. It's like, you know, please take a million dollars out of your bank account and start investing in really building, you know, doing everything you and your family need to be really healthy. You know, to have perfect water, to have great food, et cetera. The other thing I discovered was, you know, everybody was trying to put their money in the national security state instead of helping their kids buy homes and, and integrating with, you know, building the living equity.


So my mother's family were Quakers and you didn't even think about buying stock until you sent all your kids to The best Quaker schools. You know, that was like, that was first, that's What the effort. So you think it's a, you're dropping so much here, I'm just trying to pause, like tease out certain themes, but you think it's wiser, you know, if you have children, you care about them to help them buy homes than it is to Absolutely. Who, who's, so can I, there are two stories I'm dying to tell you. Please. Okay. During the litigation, you know, you get in the situation where, what litigation? So I litigated with the Department of Justice for 11 years. Or actually it, it was, it was some of that was foc cuffing with the tax guys.


But anyway, so, so I had this sort of enemy of the state process of, I had 18 audits investigations, 12 tracks of litigation, a smear campaign, and physical harassment. Oh, so they didn't like what you were saying, They didn't like the idea that I would try and stop the mortgage bubble. They really wanted to have a mortgage bubble. And, and we were doing things to bring disclosure to, to play, it's called place-based financials. I really believed that if local communities could see how all the money worked in their neighborhood, that we could change things. So for example, I would constantly, when I was at the Department of Housing and Urban Development, I would find neighborhoods where we were spending 250,000 per unit to build public housing and $50,000 would buy and rehab a defaulted a foreclosed property in the FHA inventory.


And so literally if you could just within a four or 10 block area, you know, take that 250,000 and, and, and spend it in the way that was most efficient in that place, you could get four or five homes for the price of one. And it was really amazing. I took those numbers, we did all sorts of due diligence. This is when I was a contractor to the woman who worked for the guy who ran the $250,000 program. And I showed it to her and I said, look, we could, you know, new Orleans, Chicago, LA we could get four or five homes for the price of one. And she turned bright red. And she said, but how would we generate fees for our friends? Exactly right.


Or how would we, you know, pay off foreign countries who flu our, our political system with donations, if, you know, if we're actually spending a tip like build nice houses for Americans, well, but like repair reading Pennsylvania, we could be spending it in wherever. Oh, right. Disgusting Middle Eastern place. So, so if you look at place-based financial statements, there's extraordinary opportunity to just re-engineer what's already there. Yeah, of course. Without taking money from anybody else and, and making it. So I really thought if you, if you create, so we created a software tool called Community Wizard that would allow everybody on the internet to just come and download the data and start looking at how the money worked in their places in a way that you could see real opportunities. Okay, so let me tell you two stories.


The, the, the litigation starts and literally you go from being very wealthy and very trusted and very respected to being an enemy of the state. No one will talk to you, nobody. That's your phone. And suddenly all your income stops, all your income stops, your credit stops. You're just frozen. And by yours you mean yours. Yeah. Yeah. So, so anyway, so you know, you, you have the assets that you have. Luckily they never turned off my bank account, so I was lucky that way. But one of the things that happened was they started, I'd had a farm in New Hampshire and I sold my share to my uncle.


I had a wonderful and very wealthy uncle who was like the patriarch. And, And he bought my, and I warned him, if you buy this, you know, they may come after you too. And he was a very standup guy, very fearless. And he said, you know, I'll deal with that. So sure enough, I sell him the farmland, they call him and they say, you know, your niece is a criminal and you shouldn't be doing this, blah, blah, blah. And, and they said, we want the financial records from the farm, we want all the financial records of the farm. And he said, well, send me a letter so I can give it to my lawyer and I'm happy to send them to you. So they, you know, and this is the summer farm where all the family goes.


Anyway, so, so instead of sending him a letter, they show up at his house in Portsmouth, New Hampshire at 9:00 PM at night, three FBI guys and a hud IG guy with a subpoena. And it was designed to scare him. So the family had a big pow wow, should they drop me because they don't wanna be targeted. And, And he said, well, you know, she always helped us. So it turned out, I counted it up. At that point I had lent or given to family and friends $250,000. Just, I made a lot of money.


I loved making money and people needed help. And that's what's money's for. So That is what to restate. That is what money is for. Right? So I just always tell him, I hadn't even thought about it, by the Way, your average like 23-year-old NBA player who's floating all of his cousins and single mom. Right. He understands that better, right. Than your average rich person. Your obligation is to your family. Right. And including with money. Sorry. Right. Some of us are lucky, some not. Amen. Right. So, so he said she helped everyone, so I'm gonna help her. And it took 11 years, but at the very, no, it was 2006. So that was about nine years at, at the end of the process when I won the litigation, I got a, we got money coming in, I sat down to either repay everybody who loaned me or gifted me money and, or almost everybody.


So I'm just gifted and I, I counted it up. And what I realized is I had come into the litigation having loaned a quarter of a million. And then over the next nine years exactly a quarter of a million had come back. And it, it wasn't tit for tat. I mean it was different people, different thing. You know, some had gotten said, well, I guess she needs it back and repaid it. Or some had just gifted it because they knew I'd gifted. And literally I put a quarter of a million out and a quarter of a million came back and teer, if it wasn't for that money, I wouldn't be here. I would never have made it through. And it was because it was the, in the people bank and they couldn't shut the people bank off.


You know, they could, they could do all sorts of things to shut off all, all sorts of resources and income. But if it's in the people bank and the people you love and trust, you know, it comes back. So when I love that. Yeah, it's great. So when I finished, when I, when I finished the litigation, I'd had a 401k that I'd had to bust. It had 500,000 in it. I'd paid 225,000 in fines and taxes to get it out. Well, I don't think they thought I, they put my 401k under audit, so I couldn't use it to finance the business. It was dirty tricks. Anyway, so, so I take the money out. So my accountant, when we get the settlement money, she said, let's fund up the 401k.


I said, no, I'm never going into business with the US government again. No way. I I don't, I don't want any of those vehicles. I'm, I'm out. And I said, but the other thing is I'm taking that 500,000 and I'm bonusing it out on the People bank and I'm gonna start a new business and I think that business will be successful. So I don't need that 500,000 to be nice, but I don't need it. But I need to get that money back and that people bank because that is the only bank in this world I trust. And so, you know, Ah, that's like a beautiful story. Well, here's the question. And I used to always say this with my clients, who's gonna be there for you? Right. Who's gonna be there for you?


That, that's the people bank and you wanna invest in the People bank. Now it may not be money, it may be time, it may be help, it may be, there's a, a wonderful book called Family Wealth by a guy named James Hughes. I don't know if you've ever heard of it or seen it. No. And basically what he does, my great uncle didn't like the book so much. He said, you're trying to turn our family into a corporation. He said, no, I'm not. But it basically teaches a family how to conspire together. It basically have a dinner once a month or once a whatever and talk about what's in your heart to do, you know, this person wants to do this, this person wants to do this. Some things make money, some things don't. But, but, but help each other be successful at whatever your passion is and, and work as a family.


You know, I always at ri we say, don't worry about if there is a conspiracy, if you're not, you know, one, you need to start one. And a great family should be a, a conspiracy where you're trying to help each other succeed. I love that. Yeah. I mean, these are ancient and with respect, very obvious points. Exactly. But I, I don't think I've heard someone say 'em in a long time. Well, but if we're gonna build a successful culture, that culture has to be good at building wealth, living wealth and financial wealth, both on an integrated basis. So if you come to Sole, we have a curriculum called Building Wealth, and it has six pillars.


And we organize all of our content into and around building wealth. And because it's, it's part of what you have to build, to build a culture that can really be part of real solutions. So the, the first pillar is free and inspired life. And so, you know, our theory is you have a goal, you have a relationship with the creator, and you decide, you know, what's, what's your free and inspired life? Everybody's unique. And in a decentralized world, everybody is unique. You, you know, there's no, there's no formula, so to speak. The second one is navigation tools. And that's where people get burned.


So we say in navigation tools, there's an official reality and then there's reality. And you need to know both. And reality is for the management of your time and money. And the official reality is for the cocktail party. And you need to not get those, don't use the official reality to manage your time and money. 'cause then you're gonna get, I mean, I clean so many people up from financial fraud and healthcare fraud because they believe the official reality. So you, you can't do that. The third is risk management, because it, in this kind of dangerous environment, everything's about keeping your risk exactly down. And that's more important than making money. It's more important to lower risk than make money. So in a, in a, in a well-governed world, we'd all be f you know, focused on outside on Growth.


But now we're just, we Got to be focused on risk preventing Loss. Right? Yeah. And then the fourth is living equity. And that's all living things. That's people, that's family, that's culture, that's education. You know, all the things that go into that. And then financial equity, all the things, you know. And then the last one is, to me the most important. It's called turtle fourth. So did you get the hat the turtle fourth added? I did, yeah. Right. Okay. Turtle fourth is about never quitting. You must never, ever quit. And the whole goal of the people who are trying to centralize is to get you to think it's hopeless.


And John Rappaport used to always say, hopelessness is an op and it's planet wide. Well, 'cause I am, I am actually struck by, well by everything that you've said, I think this could be like a nine hour conversation if we let it. But I, I have one more story, But I am struck also by your tone. I don't think I've ever heard someone describe dark deeds with more cheerfulness. Like how do you, how do you not go crazy? So you have to keep a state of amusement. I mean, it, it's, I I really, you know, I, one of the most breakthrough moments for me in the last 20 years was when I, I realized that it was okay to be happy no matter what was going on.


And sometimes you can't be, it's so horrible what's going on. But it, I'll tell you exactly when had happened, I had a wonderful church where I studied spiritual warfare for two and a half years at the beginning of the litigation. And it was that training that saved my life. And, but I was at a sermon and there was a co-pastor had very long fingernails and she was very angry and she was shaking her hands with her long fingernails. And you know, sometimes when you're in a big church and they point right at you. And she said, she said, she said, the devil can have my house and the devil can have my car, but the devil can have my joy. And I was like, I exploded in my head.


And I said, that's it. That Is it. That is it.


Hey, it's Tucker Carlson. You may have noticed that the companies whose products you buy tend to kind of hate you. They're controlled by massive multinational corporations and they have all kinds of weird agendas that you're supporting when you buy their products. We didn't realize that nicotine pouches, which we've used for years, were in this category. We just want a nicotine pouch. And then they lecture you and take the money you give them to support things that you hate. So we decide we're gonna make our own. And we did. And it is, we can say, not bragging here, just stating fact the single best nicotine pouch in the world. It's called a and it comes in all kinds of excellent flavors. Winter, green, tropical fruit, chilled mint, refreshing, chill, sweet nectar, and a bunch of others that we're rolling out. By the way, there are 20 per 10, not 15, like some of our competitors will not be named Zinn. And they're in three, six, and nine milligrams. It is the single best nicotine pouch ever made. Go to alp pouch.com, you will not regret it


Elsewhere. A family is spending their vacation stuck in a cab, taking in the sight and sounds of gridlock traffic. Not in North Carolina for real. Visit nc.


So it's a conscious decision, not allow that to allow that joy to be stolen from you. Right. And it's sometimes it's hard. Did you ever, did you ever see the never ending story? The movie, the Never Story. Read the book. So, so it's a wonderful child's story where the child is the protagonist and he's fighting a force in the universe called the nothing. And the nothing is running around the universe, sucking meaning out of everything. And it's hard when you're dealing. And if you look at this digital control, it comes with an energy that's very demonic and and sucking meaning out of everything. And they're very good. They're masterful at turning, you know, turning allies against each other.


The divide and conquer thing is really heartbreaking. Well, It's happening right now on the right. I see it heartbreaking. Yeah. And so you're up against the nothing. And so sometimes we'll come together in a team meeting and somebody will say, I've lost my state of amusement. And then the team's job is to help them to get it back. I've lost my state of Amusement, I've lost my state of amusement. And it happens. I can't, you know, but It is, I think of this of myself where, you know, I've had my amusement taken from me a number of times, but I always think to myself, like, if you're perennially shocked by evil in the world, like you're a child, you're an idiot.


Like, what did you think this was? Like, don't be naive. There's a lot of evil in the world. There always has been. Don't be shocked by it. Laugh in its face it, I you're always gonna be shocked by it. Oh, I am You're always gonna be shocked by it. I'll tell you why. You're gonna be shocked by it if you understand, if you understand love, you can't fathom why anyone would, would reject that. Yes. And embrace evil because it's so stupid. It's so wasteful. It's so un as my mother used to say, it's so unnecessary.


You know, it's just like, it's, you just can't fathom why anybody would do it. I I, you know, I I I watch the folks who are in the financial system who are deeply corrupt and just constantly take and take and take, you know, they're the plunder team. And I think how is that to me, what they're doing is not fun. I love, you know, it's not fun. That's, it's Not fun. When, when, so I will tell you, I would, my gift, everybody has a gift. My gift was an investment back. I was absolutely fantastic. I was just really, really good at it.


And the heartbreak for me was when I got had to leave the establishment, I lost the ability, you know, it's like a painter and you lose your ability to paint, you can't get access to colors anymore. So, but I loved it. And when you do it in the right way, two plus two equals 20. And it's so exciting. Yes. It's The best feeling in the world. It's like, Oh, I've lived it. Yeah, Yeah. So when vanko, it's my theory when Van Gogh finished a painting that it's what he pow it's like, wow, you know, it's great. And, and you watch these guys do the fraud and destroy, you know, all the mortgage fraud and it destroys neighborhoods and it destroys family.


And it's just, it's just, it's like a lose lose lose. And you think that's no fun. No. And, and they're not happy. I I know a number of them and I had a conversation with Ray Dalio who I do like, I don't agree with him and everything, but I, I do like Ray Dalio and he's got more perspective on life. He had lost a child. I think he was forced to kind of think through what matters. And I asked him off camera recently, like, do you know, I know a lot of miserable billionaires, I know a couple of happy billionaires, but how many happy billionaires do you know? And he's like, I know a few. Like, I'm, I'm actually pretty happy, but not that many. And that, that's a tell, Right? That's a tell. And I, I will tell you, the debt is a symptom.


It's not the problem. The what's a symptom? The debt. Yeah, the debt. The Debt. The debt is a simple, yeah, it, when there was 21 trillion missing as of 2015, when we published that study in 2017, there's 21 trillion of debt. Now, first of all, remember the treasury can just issue currency. They don't need debt to create the currency. And In fact, I would say historically the greatest currencies are fiat currencies that are not debt-based. So our problem is the debt basing. But, but let's just grossly oversimplify and talk about what that means with the 21 trillion. So the treasury sells pension, sells treasury bonds to our pension funds, moves 21 trillion into the bank accounts at the New York Fed member banks for the treasury.


They're the depository. And then the 21 trillion disappears outta the back door. So it's just a straw that's sucking our pension fund money into, I call it the breakaway civilization. And meantime, we as taxpayers are now obligated to pay the debt into that. We owe our pension funds and the money is gone. Why do you call it the breakaway civilization? Breakaway civilization was a term made famous by Richard Dolan. And it simply described a decision to create a parallel system. You know, first it started with the black budget, but it grew, you know, call it the national security state.


But, but to build a civilization that literally was separate and not subject to the laws of the existing ones. So if I'm running a company and I wanna bring up new systems, I'll bring up the new systems while I'm running the old, and I'll run them in parallel and I'll move things over slowly. And then at some point I bring the current thing down. And to me, that's what the financial coup was. You're moving the money out of one system and, and putting it in another. So in theory, 21 trillion is enough at a 5%, you know, interest rate to basically finance a, a private government, if you will. Right. I'm not saying that's what happened, but in theory, do you think it did?


So when I was at HUD in 1989, it was 80, late 89 or early 90, I was in a meeting with the secretary and we had brought all the regional administrators in for a meeting with the secretary. And he was very upset because the regional administrator from California had implemented something in response to a court decision. There was a court case in the court of appeals and they decided, okay, you gotta go to the right. And so he had implemented that and the secretary was having literally like a manic episode screaming at a huge temper tantrum, screaming at him.


And finally this guy said, but Mr. Secretary, it's the law. And he just exploded with fury. And he said, the law, the law, I don't have to obey the law. I report to a higher moral authority. And just at that moment, it was like, remember the scene, an eyes wide shout when you first walk in on the, you know, the secret society doing their occult ritual. You know, you had this image of, oh, you know, he literally, he, he doesn't have to obey the laws of the United States. He's operating under a different governance structure. People feel that way. Right? And that, you know, there, there are many, there's a very famous story of Lincoln when he is talking about his, what he wants to do to implement the reconstruction policies.


And he tells a story about a young child saying, you know, if I throw the fish back, dad will get mad at me. But if I, if I, if it slips from my hand accidentally and you grab it, then dad won't be mad at me. And the implication of the story is that Lincoln has a dad that he, he can't buck. And, and you know, we're back to the question who's dad? It's the same question as who's Mr. Global? And you've never gotten closer to the answer or you've never settled on an answer? I, here's my guess. So we did, I once did a two hour interview on the report on who is Mr.


Global where we go through all the different theories. So I think literally you have intergenerational pools of capital, which meet and work by consensus. You know, it's a committee system and they do have a set of rules. And what I don't understand, I think their challenge is they're risk managers and they're, they're constantly pulling out a lot of money and they always need to get that dividend. And the question is, why do they need the dividend? Where's the money going? 'cause they're constantly running the financial system to extract extra money. There's always disappearing money. And the question is, why? And where's this going?


And you think it's going to infrastructure projects? I think it's going to infrastructure projects. I think it's going to big investments like, you know, building the control grid is a big one. And one of my questions on the financial coup is are they literally setting up an endowment so they can run, you know, the world on a global governance that's a dictatorship with an endowment. So it's the, you know, it's, it's a bigger endowment than anybody else's. You said a couple minutes ago that the debt, the our, the US government's debt, which I think even people are not interested in this stuff, are aware that it's, it's it's there and that it's a problem is not the problem.


It's a symptom. What, what did you mean? We, If you look at our current model, it is not being run on an economic basis and it's getting much worse and it's getting worse steadily. So let me give you an example. Our military budget this year is approximately 850 billion. And the president wants to take it, or the Secretary of Defense is saying, we've gotta take it to a trillion. Our HHS budget is 1.8 trillion. Dr. Skidmore just did an analysis. If we went back to 2010 levels of disability, we would lower that by half a trillion dollars, Half a trillion, Half a trillion.


So America is, I call it the great poisoning. We've poisoned ourselves and it's blowing the budget. And it's not just blowing the budget of the federal government. If you look at family budgets, it's blowing their budgets. You know, poison people are not productive and, and their healthcare costs can be very expensive. And you see that at the federal level and you see that at the state level, the local level and the family level that's gotta be dealt with. But, you know, if, if you look at the budget right now, it's expenses are skyrocketing and, and it's skyrocketing. 'cause the fundamental model of what we do and how we do it, it helps to centralize, but it's not economic.


And So you gotta change that. Now, the, what We do and how we do it are, do you mean how we live? Right? So now I get to tell you my last story. Okay? I can't wait. Okay. This is called the red button story. And if you put my name in on the internet, you'll get, you know, a copy of this story. 'cause it happened to me in 2000. I was asked by a healthcare practitioner to give a presentation called How the Money Works on Organized Crime. And it later became a very f famous article called Narco Dollars for Beginners. And it was meant to be a light, funny description of the intersection of organized crime flows with Washington and Wall Street.


So my book, I have an online book called Dylan Reed and the Aristocracy of Stock Profits. That is a case study that teaches people, it's designed to be like a business school's case study that shows you that intersection between illegal cash flows and Wall Street and Washington. Anyway, so I'm in the middle of the speech and I'm describing the congressional testimony on the Dark Alliance allegations that happened in 1998. And at the time, I was helping a reporter do research and she was covering the hearings and a spokesperson for the Department of Justice. Told her. So I'm in the middle of the speech and there are about a hundred people.


And we're the conference that, where I'm speaking is a conference that happens once a year by this group. And the focus is on how we evolve our society spiritually. So this is a very spiritually committed group of people who wanna evolve our society spiritually. Okay? So I'm describing the, the fact that a spokesperson for the Department of Justice told this reporter, I was helping that the US economy launderers 500 billion to a trillion dollars a year of all illegal money. So that's narcotics trafficking, that's financial fraud, that's, you know, everything, it's human trafficking and, and the number is now much, much bigger.


But they were describing the fact that the US economy and financial system is the leader globally in laundering dirty money. So I said to this wonderful group of spiritually of all people, what would happen if we stopped being the global leader in money laundering? And we had a little conversation. They said, well, you know, the money would leave the New York Stock Exchange and go to Singapore or Zurich or London. And, and we'd have, we might have trouble financing The Government deficit. 'cause we, you know, now we borrow over half of the money currently. And, and so we, we, you know, our taxes might go up or our government checks might stop.


So I said, okay, let's pretend there's a big red button up here on the lectern, and if you push that button, you can stop all hard, hard narcotics trafficking in your town, your county, your state tomorrow. Thus offending the people who control 500 billion to a trillion dollars a year vault, earning money in the accumulated capital there on who here will push the button? And out of a hundred people dedicated to evolving our society spiritually, guess how many would push the button? I don't know. One, the other 99 would not push the button. So I said, wouldn't keep all those kids from dying. Yeah, it would. So wait, so, so I said to them, I said, why would you not push the button?


So we had a little conversation. They said, we don't want our taxes to go up. We don't want our government checks to stop and we don't want our 4 0 1 Ks and IRAs to go down. So if I had voted, there would've been two pushing the red button. So what I discovered that day, the problem was that not that they wouldn't push the red button, but they wouldn't go into the invention room and have a, an honest conversation about what the real problem was and how I call it, how we turn the red button green. How we make money pushing the red button. Because then we can push the red button and you have to push the red button because you cannot become wealthy liquidating your children.


You cannot become wealthy by poisoning your children and your people. And yet that's what we've been doing in America for decades now. And now here's the political problem. If you are the new president of the United States and you walk into the Oval Office, your political guy is gonna say to you, Mr. President, the American people just spent billions getting you voted in as president and now they want payback. They want their government contract, they want their privatization, they want the cola increase on social security, they want a community block development grant, and you're gonna turn to your Secretary of Treasury. And he says, well, you better be nice than people who could drove 500 billion to a trillion dollars and the accumulated capital they're on.


And of course the number's much bigger now. Now how are you gonna press the red button? You can. And if you look at the history of politics in America, the history is everybody wants their check and they want the story of, I am good. I'm a good Christian. I'm not doing any of this corrupt organized crime stuff. You know, I'm just voting, you know, so, so I say it this way, when Goldwater, the end of World War ii, George Keenan said, we got 6% of the people and 50% of the resources, and we're gonna have to be tough if we keep this going. So Goldwater ran for president And he said, we're gonna have to drop a lot of bombs. And the American people said, oh no, we don't wanna do that.


We're good Christians. So Jimmy Carter came along And he shivered in front of the fireplace and Americans said, oh no, we, we don't wanna do that, we don't wanna cut back. And so the bushes came along and said, you know something, you all are good Christians, here's your check. Don't ask questions. And that's where we've been. Everybody wants the story of I'm good. And the problem, you can, you can push the red button, you can turn it green, but it has to be done one neighborhood at a time. You need to take all the money into place. And instead of spending The Government money to centralize control and on the control grid, you need to re-engineer it to build real wealth.


And, and you've gotta decentralize the economic power. If you centralize and you create lots of billionaires, you're gonna shrink the pie. And that's what we've been doing, and we've been making money from poisoning each other.


If people want to learn more about your research and your views on things, if they wanna know about the 11 years you spent fighting the feds for blowing the whistle on them, where do they, where do they get that information? So we publish the sori report, it's soleri.com, S-O-L-A-R i.com. And we have a subscription service and we have a lot of free, you know, so if you want to get to know us, you can come in and you can learn tremendous amounts from the free stuff. We'd love to have you as a subscriber. And we have a great group of subscribers. We have, what happened to me was, I, I fell into this because I had terrible, terrible experiences with the corporate media. And, and so I just started doing shows and giving out my email and saying, if you have a question, ask me. And over many years, the questions would come in and we'd publish the answers and, you know, it'd go on and on and went on for free for a long time. And then finally I got so many questions that I would just, you know, I finally said, I need to hire people. But we have this global network of subscribers and audience who get on the site, share comments, they're brilliant, and we help each other figure, figure things out. And we've literally become an intelligence network, you know, and, and it's all people who wanna be free and they all understand. One can't be free unless we're all free. You know, this is an all or nothing thing. They either get the control grid or we're free. And the only way we're gonna be free is if everybody's free. It's an all or nothing deal. And there are a lot of people now who understand this and are gathering and, you know, so I have many subscribers. I don't, I just know from what they say, I have many subscribers who are your subscribers because they feel, and I feel you're on the same journey.


Yeah. I'm just on a very systematic thinker. So a lot of i, my instincts tell me that you're telling the truth. And of course I agree completely with your orientation. I just, my brain doesn't work that way. So it's been a, a true pleasure to hear all of this. Thank you. Well, Thank you. I I love your work, so Thank you. I've been a, I've been a subscriber from the very beginning underground Bases. You're follow my mind. Catherine Austin Fit. Thank you very much. Thank you. We wanna Thank you for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day. We know the people who run it, good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bells So you never miss an episode.


We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter, telling the truth, always, you'll not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell. We appreciate it. Thanks for watching.