
The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And DraftKings Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the DraftKings sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling, call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino in resort in Kansas, 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms are responsible gaming resources. See dk eng.co/audio.


You Pepper sprayed a member of the Mexican mafia and stole his heroin. I sprayed him in the face with pepper spray and put something to his throat, said, don't move. I can me 10 span just telling me this story. And he had girls in his halfway houses that he was giving heroin, giving crack and pimping them out and then sending them back to treatment where they would ultimately fail their drug test and have to go to detox. And guess who gets a kickback from the detox center? No way. It's a revolving door of suffering and just pain for the addict. But they're making money at every stop. This is disgusting. And then she pulls out a handgun. Oh my. She's like, what the are you doing in my house?


My kids are in there. And I'm like, oh my God, you have kids. If you have your kids sleeping in there, you're kind of a shitty mom. So You insult the lady with a gun pointed. Yes, because Gut balls, I'll say that. Thanks for doing this, Chris. How h how long were you addicted to Opioids? So I was addicted to Opioids from the age of 15 to 23, kind of on and off, you know, in and out of rehab for those eight years.


But yeah, 15 to 23. How, how did, where'd you grow up? So I grew up in, I was born in Dallas, grew up in South Orange County, moved there when I was five. Kind of bounced around, but all in kind of relatively the same area. Southern California. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Southern California, orange County. And my sister or my family, you know, addiction kind of just runs in my family. Yeah. Like my, as It does many. Yeah. Right. I, I, you know, I do believe it is, there's a genetic component to, you know, kind of the addictive personality, you know? Absolutely. A hundred percent. Yeah. Think, yeah. How much, how much alcoholism is there in Israel? How much alcoholism is there in Sweden, you know?


It's a big difference. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. So, you know, my, so, so growing up, my dad was, he was a general counsel at an oil company in Texas, so he was traveling a lot And he was also a, a heavy drinker. He would, he's not the type of person who like needed to wake up and, you know, drink in the morning to function, but he would go on benders, you know, for days, weeks at a time. And, and then my, my mom, she was a long distance runner and she had a diving accident that left her, basically, she was a victim of big pharma's push in the early to mid nineties for Oxycontin and then eventually fentanyl.


And, you know, this little pathetic pill pushing quack is, you know, giving her just massive amounts of Oxycontin. And she liked the way, she hated the way it felt. And she, she's like, I don't like this, you know, it's making me like comatose. And the doctor's like, well, you need to keep taking it. And so she, she decided to flush him down the toilet once and, and she went into excruciating withdrawal. And, you know, I'll touch more on withdrawal later, but it's, yeah. She, so she, Were your parents married? Yes, yes. Yes. They were married. So your dad's the general counsel of a big company. Your mom's a distance runner, so these are like competent people who've got their act together. Yeah. These are not, like, this is not the junkie profile. Yeah, Yeah. No, yeah.


Like my father, he was, he graduated college at 19 And he went to Columbia Law School. I mean, you know, so, Oh, wow. Yeah. Okay. I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm sorry. 'cause I, I think that, I think it's important to set this in a socioeconomic frame. Yeah. 'cause there's, yeah. Addiction does not, you know, it does not, it doesn't matter whether you're rich, poor, black, white, whatever, you know, it's indi discriminatory. Indi discriminatory. So, yeah, That's true. So, yeah. My, So this doctor keeps pushing Opioids on your mom. Yes. And by the way, to be a distance runner, I admire that, but it suggests like, true self-discipline, high level of awareness of your body.


I mean, who's a distance runner, you know? Yeah. Only people who are very, very into fitness and very, very kind of like batten down people, right? Correct. Yeah. Yeah. No, my mom was absolutely, you know, one of the most disciplined people that I've ever met. And Well, you kind of have to be. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And I mean, a lot of long distance running to me is absolutely sounds like Torture. Well, it's torture. It's torture. Yeah. But it's highly impressive. Yeah, no, it is. Absolutely. And so, you know, she had these multiple surgeries that only exacerbated the issue and A neck injury. Yeah. A neck injury that she got from, it wasn't related to her long distance running, but it was a, a diving, diving incident. She hit her neck on the diving board.


And, and so yeah, this guy's f first she's pushing Oxycontin on her, and then he says, okay, well, let's try something different. It might be less like, you know, less addictive, possibly, you know, 'cause fentanyl is brand new and, you know, might, might work, make you feel a little bit better to where you can function throughout the day. So he puts her on fentanyl, and Fentanyl is so Powerful. Sorry to Laugh. No, no, it's, I mean, it's, it's, yeah, you have to laugh, otherwise you'll cry because it, it's like fentanyl is the most so powerful that it has to be administered in micrograms. Yes. Like, you know, like the 25 micrograms, or was, most drugs are administered in milligrams. So like, that just shows you how potent How many kids Does your mom have?


Three. So, so she's got three kids. She's married to a general counsel of a company. She lives in southern California. She's a distance runner. All of a sudden she's on fentanyl. Yeah. Oh, no, she, well, she was living in Dallas when she became addicted to the fentanyl. Oh gosh. Or addicted to Oxy at least. Yeah. And then when we moved to Southern California, we moved to Southern California. My dad started his own practice with his brother. They were both lawyers. So, and then, you know, so my sister and then my sister, she had a serious issue with bulimia and anorexia from the age of 10 to 28. Like so serious that, you know, her potassium levels were so low that ambulances at our home were like a regular occurrence.


And there was multiple times when they said, you know, your daughter might make it, not, might, might not make it to, you know, to my father. And so witnessing all of this at a very young age, and, and again, I'm not trying again, I just want to like preface, this is not an excuse for my actions. Like, I own everything that I did and all the terrible things that I did. It was not, but I think that the chaos that I had, that I, you know, basically I didn't have the, the necessary things like structure and discipline that I think are so important for everyone, but especially for people with addictive, addictive personalities too. Yes. To have that, you know, that rigid kind of, I'm gonna wake up, I'm gonna make my bed, I'm gonna do this, I'm gonna do that. And, and so like my parents, I was never sure I, I knew my parents loved me, like my parents, they, I was never, you know, short on that.


But they were so busy trying to deal with my sister and, you know, and their own issue. And my, my father, he's been clean, he's been off, he's stopped drinking. He just cold, cold Turkey stopped drinking for, it's been 25 years now. Yeah. Good man. Yeah. And, you know, he never went to AA or anything like that. Yeah. And so, so again, it's, it's, you know, addiction or, you know, treatment can be as simple as, you know, going to therapy. It doesn't have to include, you know, rehab and all these different things. But, so yeah. My, so my sister, sister and sister, your Mom, She, so she eventually switched over to Suboxone Yes.


From Fentanyl, and then she weaned herself off of that. So now she's, yeah, totally. And suboxone is a miracle drug. I mean, compared to like the alternative, which is methadone, which is so, so addictive, it gets into your bone marrow. I mean, the, the withdrawals from that I've heard are much worse than, you know, your average opiate or even heroin just because it's, it's more drawn out and Yeah. It's Terrible. What a nightmare. So she got better. Yes. And your dad got better, but you grew up in an environment where there was a lot of this going on. Yeah. And so, yeah.


And lacking that structure, it made me, you know, I think it led to a sense of low self-esteem and the constant need for other, the approval of others. Like, I look back now and I'm like, you know, why the fuck do I, did I care so much about what other people thought? Yeah. And it's, I guess, you know, I can't, you know, but after years of therapy, they've kind of pinpointed as to like, you know, you know, your quote unquote inner child didn't get enough emotional nourishment, so to speak. And so, yeah. You know, I was so constantly trying desperately to fit in. So, you know, when I got into middle school, high school and, you know, I was, you know, a honor roll student, very, very, you know, I was, I was very, I'm, you know, I have a high iq.


I was blessed with that. But once I got into like, college where you actually have to start kind of like trying a little bit, like algebra two and, and whatnot, I, I was like, you know, 'cause I, I'd started hanging out with kids who were smoking weed, drinking and smoking cigarettes. So, not that I necessarily wanted to smoke weed, drink and smoke cigarettes, but that's what they were doing. So I wanted, you know, I wanted their approval. I wanted to fit in. I wanted to be a part of the cool crowd. And so I started drinking, you know, smoking cigarettes and smoking weed. And so that went on for, you know, I quit, I quit the wrestling team. I, you know, I pretty much abandoned everything that, you know, was positive. You know, all the positive things that I was doing for my life, and just kind of became a stoner.


And, and, you know, I know a lot of kids who were potheads in high school, you know, that I'm friends with that are more successful than I today. So I'm not, you know, trashing them at all. But I mean, then what happened was it progressed to the, 'cause I was in, you know, advanced placement classes. So I was in like algebra two as a sophomore. Were, you know, I was, it was mostly juniors and seniors in the class. And so I started hanging out with the juniors and seniors, and they were doing, it's called Oxymorphone or Oana Oana. They were, you know, snorting that, taking Xanax pills, stuff like that. And, and my stoner buddies, where Were they getting the pills?


So they were getting 'em, there was pretty much, we had like one source, And he was a guy that just lived in, down the street in an apartment complex. It's always a guy in an apartment complex, isn't it? Yeah, yeah, for sure. Yeah. I've been to those apartment complexes And he, he, his grandmother was getting prescription drug, getting these prescription drugs and just had like a boatload of 'em. So, you know, he would sell 'em for 60 bucks a pop and, you know, we would buy 'em. But eventually, you know, that it becomes too expensive. The pill habit becomes too expensive. And that's why so many people transition to heroin. But, you know, even my stoner friends were like, Hey, you should, like, you should try to steer clear of those guys over there.


And I'm like, okay, yeah, I'm gonna take your heaping loads of moral condemnation, stoner. But, but in reality, it's like when the potheads are telling you that to stay away from these kids, you know, they're bad. Like, no, no, that's right. Like, yeah. And so, you know, of course, you know, my, again, that low self-esteem, that desire to fit in, started using pills and opiates in particular. They took away that feeling of that, like, that low self-worth. I felt I was confident. I, you know, I felt great at the beginning, in the beginning, in the very early stages of my addiction. So like, the first, you know, two, three months, and I had a job, I was a telemarketer at a golf club selling quote unquote custom made made clubs.


They're literally made in a warehouse underneath the call center by illegals. And they're, it was either graphite or steel, and they might give you extra grips on the clubs. That's the extent of the quote unquote customization. The customization, Yeah. But comparable to the, Taylor made R 11, you know? Okay. Yeah. Right. So you're selling custom faux custom made golf clubs from a call center. Yeah. And, and, you know, go in the car, do a line of Opa em, and come back in and it's just like, oh my gosh, you know, I have more confidence and I'm pushing, pushing harder on the sales and things like, and, and, and my sales numbers are going up. So I'm like, why would I stop when this is like, I feel great about myself, I'm performing better at work.


Yes. So, you know, I saw it as like, there's like, there's no downside until To Totally fair question. And by the way, there have been a lot of, as you know, artists, jazz musicians, you know, who used Opioids because they thought it increased their, you know, ability and enhance their performance. Yeah. And I think, you know, it, it, to an extent it can, but that is short-lived. It is not, you know, it's temporary because especially with opiates, they, again, they cons what they, they literally, they erode your soul. And you are eventually gonna run out of money and fi and you're gonna have to get desperate. And so, So what happened in your case, you started by doing a line in your car during work.


Yeah. And, and then it kind of just progressed. You know, I was like doing like, you know, one, one pill, one 40 milligram pill every couple days to two, every couple days to, you know, and just going up and up. And the cost was getting too expensive. Why, why did you use more? You developed a tolerance to it. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You, you, you quickly develop a tolerance and Yeah. And you just need more and more to get to that. 'cause you're always chasing that first high there. You, you ne you're never gonna get it again. But that's what, like, you know, the chasing the dragon, you're always trying to get to that level, but you're never gonna get there again. Right.


No, It's, I think it's, I'm, yeah, I mean, I think every childhood weed smoker remembers that first time when you just like burst into laughter hysterically with your buddies. And it's like the funnest, funniest thing that's ever happened in your life. And it's like, it's, it is fun. I mean, that's truly fun, but that doesn't ever happen again. Yeah. No, it's, and, and you, you, you're so desperate to try to get back there. And, and that kind of, you know, the whole like, you know, addiction makes you insane. It's like, you know, you're never really gonna get back there, but you're still trying. And so Addiction makes you insane. That is true. Yeah. I mean, you know, like the definition of insanity, trying things over and over again, expecting the different result, especially when you get into the point where you're like, you're trying to get sober and, and like, okay, yeah, this hasn't worked 15 times.


Maybe it'll work the 16th. Why? And so, but yeah, that, so I was, yeah. So it progressed very quickly. So you're in like 10th grade at this point? Yeah, 10th grade. Yeah. And progressed within, I don't know, maybe like two, three months to buying heroin up in, you know, south Los Angeles. And what Was that like? Wild dude. So, you know, basically what what happened was when we met this guy, I think he was at like, the continuation school down the street from the, our high school. And What's continuation school? It's like, basically if you get like, booted out of, you know, a regular high school, it's kind of like, it's kind of like a way to Get a, Get a diploma without having to Get a GED.


But like, it's like kind of like a, it's like a bootleg Diploma. Nice. So some of the kids who've had a bumpy rotor in the continuation school. Yeah, yeah. For, for sure. For sure. Yeah. I mean, I mean, they even, like, they, like, even though there was like mostly kids under the age of 18, they had a little smoking section at the school. It was hilarious. I grew up with that. Yeah. And I, yeah, I mean, I'm still a nicotine fiend. I vape, but I quit smoking cigarettes And I was like, you know, I was, and I was, honestly, I was pretty impressed with myself that I was able to do that. 'cause that was almost, I don't wanna say almost as hard, but very difficult. And, you know, trying to get rid of that addiction, you know, compared to my opiate addiction.


But, you know, just, I, I quit drinking and drugs at 33, and I quit cigarette smoking at 45. So that tells you Right on. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It, it's, yeah, it's hard. It's really a hard addiction to break. And I'm still addicted to nicotine, you know, so, yeah. Oh, me too. But I'm enjoying it. I will say Chris. Yeah, me too. Yeah.


Data hawks are collecting your information. Anytime you visit a website, every time you go online, every time you create an account, you make an online purchase, your data is out there, and you have no control over who sees it or what they do with it. So it's only a matter of time until somebody tries to exploit these facts. You have no privacy at all. Use your information to steal your identity and maybe bankrupt to you. It happens all the time. It's happened to friends of ours kids. And that's why we use Identity Guard. Identity Guard helps by giving you control. It monitors your most sensitive information for any signs of suspicious activity. Someone's trying to steal your identity, you know, right away. Often before real damage can be done before you're on the hook for the money. So if In fact your identity is stolen, the expert team will work directly with banks, credit card bureaus, other institutions to fix the problem for you. So it's not the disaster you fear, it is, while they handle the cleanup, you're backed by up to $5 million in identity theft insurance, which is a huge relief. Imagine waking up and finding out that someone in a foreign country is using your name and social security number to steal money from you. It happens all the time. So the team there is available 24 7 if you ever need help. There are no bots. There are no call centers offshore. It's based in the United States. They know exactly what you need. Somebody becomes a victim of identity theft about every six seconds constantly. So don't let the next one be you. Visit Identity Guard dot com slash talker for 30 days free, plus a special discount. If you want more sign up before this happens to you. Identity Guard dot com slash talker.


They speak of darkness and danger, but totalitarian novels also give us hope, showing us how to defend our society from the horrors of tyranny. In Hillsdale college's free online course, totalitarian novels, Hillsdale President Larry arn teaches us lessons from classic novels like George Orwell's 1984 that are as relevant today as ever. Sign up now for Hillsdale College's free online course, totalitarian novels@tuckerforhillsdale.com. That's Tucker for hillsdale.com.


Tucker says it best. Their credit card companies are ripping Americans off, and enough is enough. This is Senator Roger Marshall of Kansas. Our legislation, the Credit Card Competition Act would help in the grip Visa and MasterCard have on us. Every time you use your credit card, they charge you a hidden fee called a swipe fee. And they've been raising it without even telling you. This hurts consumers and every small business owner. In fact, American families are paying $1,100 in hidden swipe fees each year. The fees Visa and MasterCard charge Americans are the highest in the world, double candidates, and eight times more than Europe's. That's why I've taken action. But I need your help to help get this passed. I'm asking you to call your senator today and demand they pass the credit card Competition Act Paid for by the Merchant's Payments Coalition, not authorized by any candidate or candidates committee. www.merchantspaymentscoalition.com.


Okay. So 10th grade, you're all of a sudden you go from like doing like bumps of some ground up oxy derivative pill at the, at the golf sales place to driving to South Los Angeles. I'm sorry, I stepped on your story. Yeah, no, no. You meet this kid from the continuation school and he's your heroin connection. Yeah. Yeah. And What's he like? Just some just like slimy, just dirt bag. I mean, I don't, yeah, I mean, just, yeah, just some guy that, you know, we were only, the only reason we associated with him was because he had that connection and Yeah, not exactly, you know, he's the type of guy who would steal your wallet and help you look for it.


But again, that's, most junkies are, I became like that. Was he using heroin too? Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Yeah. He was, he was a big user And he was actually rip, I found out he was ripping us off when I got a direct connection. And he was basically saying it was double the price for the amount. 'cause you get like a, you Get a little package with 12 balloons in it, and it was $45, And he was saying it was $90. So he was able to like, get two pocket one and give one and give one to, to us. So did you have to go with him to South la? Yeah, I, we would drive him. He didn't have a car, so, you know, I would drive him in my, my 1998 Jeep and we'd all just pile in there. And this, the feds were watching like these, like, they literally, there was an article in the OC register, I think it came out while I was in rehab, but basically just kind of giving an overview of the whole thing, the number you'd call the guy's name was boss.


So you call his phone number and, and this guy goes, all right, how, what do you want? And you tell him how many packs you want, and then he's like, all right, meet. And it would be like one of three freeway exits, you know? Right. In that area. And like, always like a, a fast food parking lot, something like that. You know What, what town It is, Southgate. Boy, that's just depressing. That area is depressing. So, so yeah. So You're meeting in like in an out burger or Wendy's or something? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Just, yeah, some, yeah, we can just pull in real quick. And then they'd, they, you'd meet the, they'd always send a runner and usually it was a different person, but I started, you know, so yeah, they'd meet you.


They'd say, all right, you know, come into the car, they, you get into the passenger seat, they reach into the, the air vent, pull it out, give you the, give you the dope, give 'em the money. Boom. And You have to get into their car. Yeah. What were the guys like who were selling it? You know, this is, this is the kind of, one of the crazier things about this whole, this whole experience. So the runner that I had the most contact with, he was, you know, he was a cool guy. Just this little Hispanic guy, you know, I mean, obviously a gang banger who would, you know, shoot you as soon as look at you. But he was very, you know, very nice to me. And, you know, he would gimme discounts occasionally. And he actually finally, he was like, Hey, you know what, you no longer have to call boss.


You can just, here, I'll give you my personal line and you can just call me and then, you know, have to save, save you the hassle of going through the whole, the whole process. And I was like, all cool man. Thanks. And so, you know, we developed a kind of, you know, friendship, I guess. And it's probably the wildest story that I have. So we, so my friends from South Orange County, again, very affluent. You know, I, I don't know if you've heard of like Nellie Gale in, in South Orange County. It's like a, no, it's a, it's like one of the ritziest neighborhoods in the country. It's got like horse trails running through it, you know? And you know, the houses are like, at a minimum, you know, $5 million. So yeah, it's a very nice area, very affluent area.


And that's where pretty much all my friends lived. And, but this girl, we knew her uncle was, he owned the house. Have you seen the Show Entourage? Have you heard of it? Yeah, yeah. So he owned the house that, at least like two seasons of the show we're filmed in. And she's like, yeah, we can go up there for the weekend. And I was like, oh, awesome. And so, it's funny, we drive all the way to Beverly Hills, like two and a half hour drive and up this private road to this, you know, this beautiful mansion. And the door's locked. And, and she kind of lied, or, you know, misled us about having permission to go to the house. And so I'm like, are you fucking, and anyways, excuse me. So I ended up finding a, I saw like a door sized window, like on the side of the house.


And so I maneuvered my way up there, pushed on the door, and it just popped open. And I was like, waiting for an alarm to go off. Like, okay. And so I walk in, open the front door and, and we're in. And, and then I was like, oh man, I really need some, some heroin, but I don't wanna drive down to Southgate, you know? And so I called the guy And I was like, Hey man, we've got a huge mansion, you know, there's only like seven of us. This is Why you don't let your niece bust into your house with a junkie buddies. We'll just wait. And I was like, yeah, you know, if you wanna, if you can, you know, I know you don't typically, typically do deliveries, but if you could bring me an order, you know, you're welcome to stay.


And I mean, bring whomever you want. So he brings like two, two big, two big Mexican dudes and like 10 big booty Latina, beautiful, beautiful chick. Like, yeah. And a candy dish with all these different pills. Valium, Xanax, you know, oxys, all, just all that. And at least an eight ball of Coke, a giant bag of Coke. And that was, those were just party favors. And he brought me my order, obviously. But, and so we spent the night partying, you know, hanging out in the indoor pool, you know, doing lines off of, you know, girls' stomachs. And it was a wild, crazy time.


I mean, it was like literally like the show entourage, but like junky version just going on inside. Unbelievable. Yeah. Did the uncle ever come back? Well, So the next morning, and thank God, were you in High school at this point? Yeah, I was, I was 16. I think it's, it's so, it like, 'cause I was, I was going back and trying to like, remember things and it's like, some of it is so blurry that it's hard to like, what, wait, when, how old was I? And have to like, kind like, yes, I grew up in that area, so I know what you're talking about. And so, yeah, the next morning myself and a few other people leave.


And, and Did you sleep at all or just play through? No, just slept, no, I didn't sleep. Didn't sleep for a second. And yeah, left the next morning with a few of my buddies and, and the, the gang bangers departed. And the big booty Latino girls Too? Yes, yes. Okay. They, they left as well. And so, you know, I go back to Orange County and the next day a police officer comes to our house and like a female investigator, and she's like asking me questions like, were you at this house? And blah, blah, blah. And I was like, I was there on, she's like, were you there like Saturday? I was like, no, I was there Friday.


I was like, I was there Friday. I was told we were allowed to be there. 'cause I thought it was breaking, entering. That's what I assumed. And so I was like, I was told we were supposed to be there, allowed to be there. And, you know, so, and she's like, well, you, you're not aware that, that that portion of the house was burned down. And I'm like, no, what are you talking about? And so she proceeds to tell me the story. Apparently some of the other people that the girl invited out out for the next night, one person got really high, fell asleep with like a p frozen pizza in the oven or something like that, and started a fire. And instead of like trying to put out, they just left.


And Drug addicts are all the same, aren't they? And so there's like literally smoke billowing from this, and it's like on a hill, like, too, so like, you can see it from like, like a, a very far away, It is called Beverly Hills. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Exactly. And so like, they're driving down the hill as the fire, you know, the ambulance and the cops are coming up the hill and the cop flips a u and he's like, 'cause it's a private road, it only leads to that house. And so they're like, are you leaving that house? They're like, no, you know, idiots. No, of course not. We weren't there, you know, lying, lying, lying. And then the cops are like, come on.


So, you know, the, and the, I think one of them ended up getting charged with like, fleeing the scene of a crime or something like that. But nothing serious came out of it. But yeah, it was wild. And like when she told me that, I was like, How did, how did they know you were there? Because the girl, the hou house owner basically gave her a list of everyone who was there. Like, the girl who took us out there basically gave the invest, But it was her uncle's house. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. He owned it. So as you're doing lines off the navels of big booty Latinas with your gang banger heroin dealer buddy in some girl's uncle's house where Entourage was filmed.


What are your parents thinking at this point of like, what you're doing? Well, my parents, you know, God bless them. They're so naive and like, and my and my dad, you know, had this consistent belief that, you know, our kids will do the right thing because it's the right thing to do, not because of the consequence that could come from it. And, you know, as, as you know, as noble as that is, it's just, it doesn't work. You know, you, you have to have consequences otherwise you will run rampant and think you can do whatever you want. Yeah. And that's how it is. It's not, Well, I don't judge 'em. I grew up around, I mean, they sound like Southern Californians in their attitudes that way. Yeah, yeah. And, you know, yeah, my dad was just, you know, very, you know, had a very strong moral conviction that, you know, he believed just was passed on to us.


And so, so my parents were again, you know, Had no idea what was going on until kind of another story, basically. Long story short, I had a friend who was put into a coma. We were at a party, and this guy, this guy came out really angry and just punched my friend in the face. He fell, hit his head, put into a coma. And ugh, he wakes up three weeks later and my mom is there. I wasn't there, my mom was there and she, And he says, Patty, you need to get Chris away from, and she named out, she named, you know, some of the kids that I was associating with. And she said, why?


You know, 'cause you know, they were at my house. You know, they're, That was the first thing he said when he came outta a coma. Yes, yes. Well, God exists. Yeah. Yeah. God bless him. Really. It was, and then of course, you know, at the time I, I was like, that, you know, snitch, you know, that kind of mentality. It's like, well, why are you trying to reign on my parade? You know? I'm, I'm just having a good time. And, but yeah, you know, I mean, my friends tried several, like, you know, my, my my my quote unquote stoner friends tried several interventions and I was just like, you know, extremely defensive and like, who are you people to tell me anything? Yeah. You know, and, you know, but again, they had my best interest at heart of course.


And, and you know, many of those people I'm still in contact with today, and I'm so grateful that they, you know, took the time and the effort to try to save me for myself. Incredible. Are you still in, are you still in high school at this point? Are you going to class? Are you Yeah. Going to class, you know, leaving early, stuff like that, you know, ditching you know, like fifth period, fourth period to go hang out and, you know, How often are you doing heroin at this point? Every day. Every day? Yeah. And what time of day? Like, what's the schedule for heroin addiction? So, so wake up. So I wasn't shooting it up yet. I was, I was smoking it at first. And how did you smoke It? So it's, so in California, heroin's mostly black tar heroin.


Yep. Yep. And so basically From Asia, correct? I'm not sure. Okay. But yeah, it's like this, like little black, yeah, like square. And So you put it on a piece of tinfoil and you put a lighter underneath it and you Get a straw and it makes, like, it goes, it'll like trail down the tinfoil and you're, and the smoke's coming up and you suck it through the straw with the lighter. And yeah, that was the, What's the high like from it? I, I mean, just total euphoria. Again, you feel like you're on, you're on top of the world. You can, it doesn't matter if you're literally, your life is falling down around you, you don't care.


It's like, you're fine, everything is fine, everything is great. Wow. Yeah. Again, the, the insanity, how Long does it last? I'd say smoking it, and again, all it all depends on like your tolerance level and things like that Yeah. And things like that. But I'd say like, you know, probably three, four hours, five hours. So while you're in high school, when are you smoking heroin? So I would do it before school, you know, at home. In your bedroom? Yeah. Yeah. And, and your Parents had no Idea. Or, in my shower. In my shower, yeah. And yeah, no, they didn't.


Yeah, they didn't, they, so when my friend got outta the coma, they, you know, started to kind of try to keep a closer eye on me, but I was still, you know, I was incredibly deceptive and very manipulative. Yeah, of course. Very manipulative and deceptive with my parents, making them think that, oh, these kids are great. No, they're, they're actually the good kids. And God, when I think about like, the torment that I put my parents through it, it's Just, where are you getting the money to buy all this heroin? So I was, I had, I had, I still had that job at the golf or selling golf clubs and, and then I, you know, I would occasionally take money from my parents, whatever I needed to do.


And things I'm, you know, not proud of. I bet. But yeah, that's the nature of the disease is you will do anything to get that, get that next fix. Yes. And So from smoking it quickly deteriorated to, to shooting up because, you know, I'd say within like a month of smoking it, I started shooting up because, you know, my couple of my buddies started doing it and they're like, oh my gosh, dude, you only have to use like one fifth of the amount and you get like a high that's like 10 times better.


I'm like, oh, great. Save money. And yeah, I remember the first time, like, I remember first time my buddy and I did it, we looked it up how to inject, you know, great Google search, how inject heroin into your body. You Google searched it. Yeah. And like, they have like images of like, 'cause you're supposed to go like diagonally, like with the, you're not supposed to like just go straight down, right. To like, 'cause you want to, you want to go into the vein. Yes. And then, and then you basically draw back the syringe. And once you see blood, 'cause you know that it's in the vein, then you inject it. But if you miss, it's really painful. You basically, what happens is like, you don't, and you don't get that immediate euphoric rush that you, that comes with shooting up.


That's, that doesn't come with smoke. Like smoking it. Yes, you get euphoria, but shooting up, it's like, it's that in it's instantaneous and it's, it hits so much harder. It's like crack versus cocaine kind. Yes. Yeah. And yeah, it was just a very, very Can Can I just ask you for perspective? Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So how long between you, you know, the moment you first crushed a pill and snorted it and the moment you first shot heroin, like how long was, did that progression take? I would say less than a year, probably about like nine months. Damn. That's a pretty, a progressive Illness.


Yeah. Progressive illness, Man. Yeah. So what was it like the first time you shot heroin? Where'd you do it? It was at my buddy's buddy's house in, in Laguna Hills. In, in Nel. That neighborhood that I mentioned. The $5 million House neighborhood. Yeah, Exactly. Yeah. And so, yeah, we were in his room and I did it. And yeah, again, it's that just this overwhelming sense of euphoria. And yeah, e everything is wonderful even if you know your, even if your life sucks. And, and again, I understand why a lot of, you know, like homeless people do drugs.


It's like, because their life is literally just in shambles and, you know, so I mean, yeah, They're so broken, there's no way to fix it. This is their thinking. So like, this is the escape. Yeah. So what's the point? Yeah, exactly. Why not just live in like a, you know, almost like a metaverse, you know? Yes. Kind of. Yes. Exactly. Nicely put. Thank you. So yeah, so I went to like, probably, I would say not exaggerating over 10 rehab centers in California. Wait, So how did you get, okay, So you start shooting heroin. How did you get busted? How did you wind up going to rehab? Oh, yeah. So I, I was, so I was shooting up on a, on a daily basis, and I actually started going to a continuation school because I was just, I stopped going to class.


My grades were too low. And, you know, I basically got kicked outta school. And so I was at a continuation school. So you wind up in like, Yeah. Yeah. The, the place I mock the place I would ridicule and mock, like, and then I'm, now I'm, I'm one of them. Was your junkie friend still there? The guy who first turned you On the deal? No. No. 'cause he was, he was like much older. Yeah. Or like, yeah, he was a, yeah, he was a senior when I, like, I was a sophomore And he, And he barely attended. Like, I saw him a few times on campus, but he barely went to school even when he was at continuation school. So, yeah. And yeah, we, we really didn't associate with that guy other than just to go buy drugs, but, 'cause he was not an exactly, you know, fun person to be around.


And so I doing drugs, doing, or, or doing shooting up heroin before school. And for some reason that day I decided to take my, take all my drugs with me. I had a little like Ziploc packet with my syringe, my, you know, my, what I used to tie off, you know, you know, all my equipment. Where'd You get the syringes, by the way? So there are certain pharmacies that will, you know, if you say, you know, my, my grandmother's a diabetic or whatever, that, and I think nowadays they just give them to you in a lot of places, especially like Northern California. Anything they can do to encourage a drug addicted population, therefore Yeah, A hundred percent.


It's disgusting. Gavin Newsom makes me sick. The money, like, you know, he talks about this multifaceted plan to attack the opioid epidemic. It's like, yeah, you've spent billions of dollars and it's only gotten worse. Right. Encouraging people to be addicts. Yeah. Yes, absolutely. And so I got, so I decided for some dumb reason to bring my drugs to school with me that day. And, and I also did something that I would never normally do. It's, I, I told some random person that I'd never met that I was high on heroin, like, in class, like, someone I sat next to the first time seemed like a, a cool person, cool guy. Like, yeah, I'm on your, yeah. And he's like, oh, really?


And like, didn't seem like he was gonna tell on me. And, and so I'm in, I remember like two periods later I'm in class and some administrator comes into the, the room and says, Chris Cella, can you come to the office? And, and I saw a cop behind her And I was like, oh, fuck. And so I go down to the office and she's like, yeah, we had heard a rumor that you were doing drugs. And I'm like, who said that? She's like, well, I can't tell you. And I was like, well, it's not true. You know, deny, deny, deny, deny. But they're like, she's like, okay, well, you know, we're gonna search you.


And I was like, I don't think you guys have the, I don't think you guys have the legal right to search me. And she's like, if we have probable cause and like, you know, the basically, I, I allowed it. I wasn't sure if it was legal or not, but I was hoping that, and, and so they searched me in pants, you know, belts, all that stuff. And she was about to turn away. And then she says, wait, let me check your socks. Literally like the last thing she did. And I was like, oh, fuck. And so of course got caught, got arrested. So You had the kid in your socks? Yeah, yeah. It's just like, you know, high socks with it just like right here. And so I get, you know, arrested or detained and my, you know, the cop releases me into my mom's custody and my mom drives me home.


She says, you're, you're going to rehab. Like, you know, I don't want to hear anything about it. You're going to rehab. And I was like, okay. And, and Your mom is like someone who knows Opioids, like how bad it, it's, Yes, yes. And and that's why she would, you know, at times, you know, and I was like, I was in terrible withdrawal And I was like, mom, I, I'm dying. Like, I, I need like please just gimme like, you know, and you know, she would occasionally gimme a little bit of money just to, 'cause she felt, 'cause she knew, she knew, and God bless her, you know, she just, the my, I put, so I, you know, I reigned down so much terror and chaos upon my parents.


They just, they were just trying everything they could think of. And, you know, some things they did really well. Some things obviously, you know, again, being a parent is hard. Yeah. It's especially a parent of a wild psychotic drug addict. Yeah. And, and, and, and dealing with, you know, obviously, you know, my sister's issues as well, you know, just goodness. But as soon as my mom turned her back, I stole the $80 she had in cash out of her wallet and drove to LA and obviously, oh, so the gang banger that I, I left this out, the gang banger that I was partying with, and I really regret doing this. 'cause, you know, I consider him a friend, but I was desperate at the time.


And so I was like, all right, I'm gonna rob him. And So you werere gonna rob the gang banger Yes. Ins. Yeah. And so I, I get that Doesn't seem like a a, a good decision. No, no. Again, but, you know, so desperate in, in agony and like, what else can I do? So I got this like 220 fou, 225 pound Scottish kid and this big kid from the football team. And I'm like, yeah, we're just gonna rob this little skinny Mexican guy. And I was like, no problem. And they're like, all right, cool. And What, as, As, as we were getting up there Wait, Wait, wait, wait. Like super dumb people then?


Yes. One of, one of them, one of them became a meth head. He mocked me for being a heroin addict and like, you know, shunned me. But then he became like a hardcore meth headed and, but when, like, So, but you just go to them cold, Hey, we're gonna rob some Mexican kid. Yeah. And I, I failed to mention that he was, you know, a dr a gang banger and, you know, had associations with the Mexican mafia. And, and so I, I kind of let, I accidentally let that slip on the ride up there and they're like, we don't wanna do this anymore. No. Yeah, No. And, and, and so like, we get there and I'm like, fucking pussies. And so I just, sorry, cursing.


So I just get into the car myself and commit it. Commit the robbery. How do you rob him? So I sprayed him in the face with pepper spray and I put something to his throat, said, don't move. And just reached into the, because I knew where he kept it and just reached and grabbed it and, and then jumped out. My friend was in the driver's seat And I was like, go. And he's driving like a maniac. And I'm like, dude, calm down. Slow down. Like, 'cause of very narrow streets in that area. It's like that. And so we're driving and you're making Me 10 span just telling me this story. And, and Where were you?


What town was this? This was in like, Southgate, like the same same area that, you know, I was going to pick up the stuff before and You pepper sprayed a member of the Mexican mafia and stole his heroin. Yes. You got balls. I'll say that Again. I'm, have you apologized to him by the way? Years later? I haven't had the opportunity. You haven't been back to South Gate? No. Yeah. If, if, if, if you watching way, I apologize man. Okay. But Say, would you like to say Sorry? Yeah, no, I, I do regret it, but so yeah. So my friend's driving down the street and we, I see him driving down the like perpendicular street behind us, and I'm like, how the fuck is he driving?


I just like unloaded a bunch of pepper spray in his face. And, But he's armed too. What? He's armed. Yeah, probably. Yeah. And so we're like, my, so I'm like, all right, just keep driving. And he, he, for some reason, he like, just does like a wild turn onto a very narrow residential street crashes into an oncoming car. Oh, Come On. Yeah. And I'm just like, you fuck Fucking idiot. Do you go to church? Yes. Good. I, I've, I've good. I've, yes. I've gone to confession so many times. Good. And yeah. And spirituality. But just to say Thank you too for being here, for being alive. Yeah, no, exactly. I should have died so many times over.


Yeah. Think like, yeah. I mean the amount of not just, you know, the stupid things that I was doing outside of my use, but I mean the, like, if I was an addict in the age of fentanyl where like fentanyl is laced in it, I probably would've died just because I stopped in 2016 when that was like, when it started to really get, like when, when they started to put heroin into fentanyl or fentanyl into heroin and other drugs. Because When Trump got elected and the Chinese decided to just like kill a huge part of our population Yeah. Flood. Yeah. Flood our country with poison, basically. Right. And yeah, I remember that. I'm sorry, I'm stepping on your story again. No, you're fine. Why? You're blowing my mind with this. You're fine, you're fine.


And by the way, can I just make one other editorial comment? As a product of Southern California, it's really a decadent society. M just being, I'm like for real decadent, like I don't hundred percent. And I grew up there in, you know, in the, in the early eighties was when I was your, you know, the age you described. And it was so decadent that I, I almost never think about it. But, but you were a product of that society. I mean, I'm just telling you that. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. A hundred percent.


So here's the fact of life. You may not learn till you're older, but I'm gonna tell you now, it's very hard to have a good time if you're wearing bad boots. In fact, it may be impossible. And that's why you need kovas. As a matter of fact, you don't just need them, you owe them to yourself. Kovas makes Western boots for everybody. Ranchers, real ranchers, lifelong cowboys, first time boot buyers and anyone in between. Every kovas boot is handcrafted made by hand with over 200 meticulous steps for a broken in. Feel right out of the box. You don't have to compromise between looks and quality. You can have 'em both. Whether it's a long day or a big night. Kovas are built to last and impressed. You wouldn't believe the compliments people here get when they wear them out, which they do right now. Get 10% off at kovas.com/tucker when you sign up for email and text alerts. That's 10% off at kova TEC ovas.com/tucker.


XXXY Athletics is the only athletic brand taking a stand for free speech and women's sports. 80% of Americans agree that women's sports are for women. Only two few speak out. But you can make a difference. Wear xx ex y athletics and take a stand for truth in women's sports. XXXY athletics makes everything from t-shirts to premium workout gear. Don't give your money to woke brands that sell women out. Head to the truth fits.com. Use code Tucker 20 for 20% off@thetruthfits.com. That's Tucker 20 for 20% off@thetruthfits.com.


Did You know you could invest in crypto through your retirement account? That's right. I iTrustCapital allows Americans to invest in over 60 of the most popular cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin in a tax advantaged ira. Take control of your future, get started at i iTrustCapital dot com slash tucker and use the promo code tucker to Get a $100 funding bonus. That's i iTrustCapital dot com slash tucker. Paid dad for informational purposes only. Taxes may apply. Crypto is speculative and carries risk of loss. I iTrustCapital does not provide legal investment or tax advice


Anyway. Okay, so your, so your friend, you see the guy from the Mexican mafia, he somehow recovered from getting shot in the face with pepper spray. Yeah, of course. He has a gun in the vehicle And he is looking to kill you and you see him perpendicular. Your friend swerves down a narrow road And he Head on. Yeah. With some, you know, driver by. And so I jump out of the car stash my drugs. Have you, have you used the heroin yet? No. No. So you're still like jumpy withdrawal guy at this point? Yeah. Yeah. And but I like, I stashed it and this one and like, there was like, 'cause there was a bunch of people, like, they immediately started like, and my two friends take off by the way.


They just start running down the street. I'm like, why? Running down the street? Yeah. Yeah. In in south in south gay. And This is not an Anglo neighborhood. So like they stick out. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Like sore thumbs like a big, yeah, I mean, well one of them was Hispanic, so maybe not so much, but but the Scottish guy. Yeah. Like, and so we, so, so, so I jump outta the car, I stashed my drugs, sit down on the curb and wait for the police, you know, 'cause there's, there's so many people there, so many witnesses. And, but again, no one knew that what had just transpired all this all again. Like, it was just a, a, a car accident as far as they were concerned and as far as the police were concerned.


And so, yeah, my friends run and the cops, the cops come, they show up, they're like, you know, Hey, what are you doing out here? I was like, we were trying to find a friend's house. We got turned around in South Kate. Yeah. Made up some Bullshit story. He was trying to find a friend's house And, And he is like, well, do you need to go to the hospital? And I'm like, no, no, I'm good. I'm good and I'm fine. And he's like, okay, well do you, do you have a ride? I was like, yeah, I'm gonna call somebody to pick me up. And he's like, okay. And so, you know, I wait for them to depart and go back into the little bush and of course grab my, grab my drugs. Can't forget that. And, and then I got, ended up getting a ride from a buddy, another user.


And I was like, Hey, I'll give you some, give you some dope. You pick me up. Because I was, I was very concerned that they were going to like, you know, I was like, I need to get outta Southgate fast. Yeah. Like right away. Yeah. And so I, yeah. So I was like, dude, just please come, come pick me up. I will make it worth your while. And so I get picked up. So you had To wait on the sidewalk? Well, I, I was, I was actually this, this nice lady, she was like, her house was like right next to where the accident took place. And so I was like, do you mind if I just like post up on your, on your front step? Like, I was like, I'm, I just wanna wait for my ride. And, you know, it's kind of, I'm kind of scared I'm in a dangerous neighborhood, you know, played like the little Oh oh poor, you know?


And she's like, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, very kind. And so I just sit there and wait and, and you know, I have like the drugs in my fist ready to like toss them at a moment's notice if I need to or whatever. And, and then I get picked up and that's that. But what transpired after, because thankfully they only knew me by cj. Like, 'cause Chris Jr. My initials, that's what I went by my nickname from like kindergarten through, yeah, through high school. And then they, and they knew I lived in South Orange County and, but they didn't know anything else. And so they would, so they, they switched up the way they did their, like, the way they did the process of selling the dope where they would, now you had to, So you had to meet up then follow them down like this empty street or an alley or something like that.


Then stand up against a chain link fence and get searched. And then you could get into the car and get your stuff. And they would ask every single person, do you know cj? Do you know CJ from South Orange County? Do you know where he lives? Ooh. And yeah, so for a very long while and, you know, I was like so grateful when I saw that OC Register article, the fact that they had, and I saw that his picture in the, you know, his mugshot in the article, wild, and his name listed. I'm just not gonna say it, but yeah, I mean, crazy stuff. Let Me just, just pause to ask you the, the guys who you were with on that caper where you assaulted the member of the Mexican mafia, did they turn out okay?


Well, one of them became a meth head Yes. As you said. Yeah. Yeah. And it's ironic because when they got, like, when they got caught, they got caught at like a seven or a Starbucks. Cops picked them up and they immediately just spilled every, they told them whole, the whole story for no reason. And I know for a fact because my father represented him in the hit and run and the, the, the, the, I took the da like until almost the end of the trial to figure out that I was also associate. And like, he's like, wait, your son was involved in this? And, and, and my dad was like, trying so hard to thread the needle, you know, to not get me, not expose me to any potential criminality and also, you know, defend my friend.


And yeah, it was, yeah. So one became a drug addict And the other one I kind of lost, lost contact with, have no idea what, How many of the guys that you partied with in high school are sober now? How many are dead? Do you, do you keep track From high school? Most, I, yeah. I, I, one friend passed away opiate user. Good guy. But you know, he wasn't like a particularly heinous junkie. I mean, he just was a junkie, but he was a good, I like, you know, good hearted and, but he passed away Of an od Yeah. Overdose. And, you know, I had, I met a few friends in rehab, one whom I was very close to, lived in New York.


And, you know, we stayed in contact, met in Florida, stayed in contact, and for, you know, like four years. And then, you know, I got a call from his mom that saying that he had OD'ed, you know, relapsed and, and you know, it was just heartbreaking. But yeah, most, but no, most of my friends, like the, like the stoners from high school Yeah. Are very successful individuals, college graduates, you know, working in finance, working in different, you know, sectors and having a great life. What about the opioid users? The opioid users kind of like, they, they have the advantage of, like, many of them that I hang out with or hung out with, excuse me.


Were already, you know, their family was just uber wealthy. Like one of them, one of their fathers was the CEO of a company called Ameri request. He was worth like, you know, $80 million. So they, they had a, you know, a lot of money to fall back on. So like, they tried opening up like a clothing line, different thing. But ultimately music label. What? Music label? No, not yet. That's kind of the classic one. Yeah. No, there were other kids in our, in our, in, in Orange County that did do that. Of course that started, that tried to stubborn start a rap group. And I'm just like, of course. Yeah. I could write this story. It's, it's, yeah, the Orange County is so weird.


But anyways, so yeah. So I've, well, yeah, but most of my friends from high school are very successful. And I mean, my, like the one the stoners are Yeah, yeah. But unfortunately, yeah, I've lost multiple friends, like, you know, people that I actually genuinely cared about, not just, you know, acquaintance, acquaintances. Yes. You know, I had too many acquaintances to count, but, you know, real friends, it's been like, you know, like five friends. Do you have any idea what happened to the guy? You pepper sprayed? No, and oh, this is, this is nuts. When I was in rehab, so the guy, the guy boss, right? He had different runners, like, you know, multiple guys who would run into cars.


And one time I had this guy and, and so I was in rehab and it was like a, it was in, it was in San Diego, and I think Chula Vista, great place to put a rehab, but it was like a, well, your rehab Was in Chula Vista. Yeah. And yeah, it's like you're setting yourself up to fail. But they had like, it was a mansion and then it kind of like a bungalow. They had little like bungalows like type things. And so it could house about like 30, 40 people. And so they had me there, and this guy comes in and I'm like, he looks familiar.


And I didn't, like, I didn't, I couldn't put my finger on where I'd seen him before. And He goes, He goes, Hey man. He said, he said, I used to, he said, I used to run for boss. And I, he's like, ili, I think I delivered to you once. And I'm like, oh my God. And he's like, and he's like, you, he's like, he's like, you're friends with, right? And, and the guy that robbed the guy that I robbed, And I was like, yeah, yeah, great friends. And I was like, I heard he was locked up though. He's like, yeah, no, he's out now. And I was like, oh, okay. And he's like, I'll tell him you said hi when, because you Get a seven day blackout and you can't use the phone when you first go. And a lot of treatment centers have that rule, this place did.


And so he's like, yeah, I'll tell you. Said what up? When I, when I talked to him, I'm like, oh my God, he's, this guy's gonna knife me in my sleep, you know? And I was seriously, I, I was concerned. I was gonna tell like my therapist and see, you know, what could potentially be done because I was genuinely, because you could easily in that place, sneak out of your bedroom, go and go into someone else's bedroom. Yeah. If you wanted to. It's not like it's locked down, you know, they have, you know, quote unquote people that are watching at night. But the place is so big, it's, you know, you, you could do it if you want to. And Of course there are no locks on the doors.


No, no, of course not. Because Right, yeah. Not allowed. It's junkies. Yeah, exactly. People were buying air duster and like using, you know, like anything to Get a buzz. And I was just like, wow. That was kind of eyeopening for me, but not eyeopening enough to stop. But it's like, wow. So this was your, so how many times did you go to rehab Total between California and Florida? Probably somewhere between 15 and 20. 15 and 20. Yeah. I got, 'cause I got kicked out of a bunch of places for stupid, for, for reasons that were not related to drugs necessarily. Fraternization. Fraternization, What does that mean? Hooking Up with Girls that were grabbing the girls?


Yeah. Yeah. I mean, not again consensually, right? No, I'm, I'm sorry. Right. I I meant that in a consensual, I just, yeah. Just lemme Yeah. Clarify that right. In a pre Harvey Weinstein sense. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. And I mean, I was like 17, 18 years old and, and you, and you have, does heroin Affect your sex drive? Yes. It makes it, it, it lowers it a lot. And then when you come off of it horny 24 7, like, Yeah. Yeah. Because it's like Cocaine is like that. Yeah. And, and it's, it's interesting because like my, one of my therapists described withdrawal as your body basically being in shock because you've been numbing all your senses for so long.


Yeah. And then when you stop, your body is like, everything is just like taking in light. Yeah. Chewing food, everything hurt. Like my eyes hurt, my teeth hurt. Every muscle and bone in my body ached. Like, it, it is, if you could find a way to like, inject that into like find a way to like inject that feeling into a, like a, for interrogation purposes, let that guy sweat it out for a day. He'll tell you what all the bombs are, I assure you, you know, it is like truly, I wouldn't wish it on my worst enemy. Really? Yeah. It is so bad. So did you have to detox, I guess, every single time, 15 or 20 times you went to rehab?


Pretty Much. There were a few times when I was like, kind of just on and off using. And so it, like the withdrawal was like, yeah, I kind of felt it. But there were, yeah, probably about 10 times when I went through hardcore withdrawal. And yeah, every single time I was like, I never want to feel this feeling again. You know? And, but I wasn't, I still wasn't committing to myself that I wanted to stop. I was just like, How long does it last? The withdrawal, agony. I mean, it's, they say like up to like seven days typically. But I mean, in reality, I, I mean my withdrawal, I, the, my last withdrawal lasted about like three, it was like three weeks before I remember.


I remember like the day I was like laying in bed And I was like, wow, I actually feel comfortable. Like my body doesn't ache. Like I, I can, I'm like, I feel, I feel kind of normal Three weeks. Yeah. I mean, it, it, and it's like, again, the first week is just like absolute hell. You're sweating bullets, you're cold, like the sweat on your body makes you cold. And then it's just, it's, it's terrible. And again, all the other things I've described and that just slowly, and then, and then the, the discomfort, it's like the epitome of discomfort. Gastrointestinal too. Some people, some people got like diarrhea, things like that. I did. I didn't, some people got like, would vomit and stuff, but that never really happened to me.


It's, I, I guess it's just, you know, depends on the person. But yeah, it just, just overwhelming like sense of just, yeah. Shock, I guess is The best way to put it. And yeah, I, again, just terrible. Interesting. So rehab, I mean, you're making a pretty strong case. It doesn't work very well. I mean, if you went to 50, I mean, God knows what that cost by the way, you know, someone paid for it. I don't know if it's your family or some insurance program, the state taxpayers, whatever, but someone's paying a lot of money for That. Yeah, yeah. The, so the first rehab I ever went to was, it was called the Phoenix House, and it was in, it was in like Northern Orange County, and it was a state run facility.


And like you, it was like a kind of like a bootcamp style. You had to like fold your bed with the military, you know, corner crease and everything like that. All your shirts had to be lined up, your, you know, your toiletries had to be perfectly in a row. All that stuff. And, you know, I did that And I was like, I was like, I hate this. This sucks and all I wanna do is get out and u you know, I'm just like, I just can't wait till this 30 days is over so I can leave. And, and I was like, I was like, I don't think I want into heroin. I was like, I, at that time I was like, I don't think I wanna do heroin, but I definitely want to, like, I still want to be able to smoke marijuana.


I still wanna be able to drink. And like, and I mean, to this day I still, you know, smoke marijuana and drink recreationally occasionally. But yeah, I made the decision that I, or you know, I just wasn't ready to quit yet. And I think what, what, it's really, you can go to as many different treatment centers, doctors, aa meetings. It has to be, I think, an intrinsic motivation to better yourself. And you have to want that. Like, you have to want, you can't do it for somebody else. If you're doing it for your child, if you're doing it for your wife, if you're doing it for your parents, you're gonna fail.


Hey, It's Tucker Carlson, not to be a moralizer, but some things, and you know this as well as we do, some things are just wrong. They may not be illegal, but you'd never do them for reasons of self-respect. If no other, and Teabagging so already say it. Tea backing is one of those, you shouldn't be doing that. And you know, you shouldn't be doing that. And yet the big nicotine pouch companies encourage you to teabag, they call them nicotine pouches, but they're basically tea bags. They're dry, desiccated, tasteless, they're disgusting and they're degrading to you don't put one in your mouth, now you have an option. It's called alp. It's not dry like a teabag. You're not teabagging when you use it. And you should be proud of that. You've got self-respect. Now you can show that self-respect with our no Teabagging T-shirt, which you can find right now@alppouch.com.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock, LifeLock monitors, hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


Okay. So lemme just ask you, I, I've heard and known, I've heard this story, and I've known many people who've lived this story where they're addicted to something, whether it's pills or heroin, cocaine, alcohol mostly. And they just go to rehab after rehab, after rehab, relapse, after relapse, after relapse, destroying their sense of themselves. And the, you know, they feel like losers, you know, when you keep failing at something, it's not good for you. You know, you fail more. Yeah, Exactly. So why do we have, like, what's the point of this? Like, why do we have these centers clearly don't work? I mean, do they, I don't know. It doesn't sound like they do. Yeah, I mean, again, it, it's, it's, I think that like it's, it's, it all depends on the person, but again, it has to, you have to want it.


That's the bottom line is like, you have to want it. And like these treatment centers, they can't, they do some good, but they should not be, like, you should not say, you know, rehab is a cure or AA is a cure because like yeah, if you're go, if you go into those places, you can sometimes develop the intrinsic motivation through therapy or through discussion with other people or whatever. But I mean, for me it was so fast forward a little bit. So, you know, I, I get basically kicked out of every rehab in California, so my parents are like, all right, let's send you to Florida, let's try new environment. And South Florida was like the rehab capital, Of course. Del Rey.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Delray, Boyton Beach. And it was just, I mean, I was shocked that like some of the places where the halfway houses were or the sober homes were located like down the street from like the known markets where people like were, you know, all It's scam. Look, I, no one's more for sobriety than I am. I'm a sober person. Totally opposed to drugs and alcohol, period. But let's just stop lying about it. This is a, these places are scammed, not all of them. Yeah. But a lot of 'em are just a moneymaking scam. Yeah. Profiting off the misery and death of addicts.


Sorry. Yeah. They, they see you as an insurance policy with a heartbeat. Exactly. That's pretty much it, you know, and True villains, I think. Yeah. Somebody yeah. No, no, this most, the most sinister man probably in, if you wanna just pick one out is his name is, he was, I, that was the first treatment center I went to in Florida. So owned a treatment center, And he owned several halfway houses, but they were all, everything was in his wife's name. That's one thing that was like a red flag to me. And so, and this guy shows up to the, to the rehab center in like a three piece, you know, Armani suit with like a Gucci belt and like, you know, like dressed like a pimp, you know? I mean, and, and ironically he is a pimp.


He was, so he had girls in his halfway houses that he was giving heroin, giving crack and pimping them out, and then sending them back to treatment where they would ultimately fail their drug test and have to go to detox. And guess who gets a kickback from the detox center? No way. Yeah. And it's the South Florida rehab shuffle. There are many cases of it. If you, you know, just Google that you'll see, you know, a bunch of different stories. But, and as I would say is like the kingpin of just absolute scumbag, like you said, villain, a villain, a true Villain that's so evil that it'ss hard. It's So, yeah. It's, it's, it's incomprehensible to me as a human being.


It's like a slave trader. Yeah, Yeah. Essentially treating People as objects as animals. Yeah. And So does he, does he, is he still in this business? I've never heard of that. No. He, he's, he was sentenced to 27 years in prison. Wow, good. Yeah. So the, the feds, the feds started to crack down on the, the floor rehab shuffle. Although I read somewhere that it's supposedly coming back that the, you know, because it's basically, and you know, wasn't the, he was probably one of the worst offenders, but a lot of these guys were, you know, they, they would just like, you know, get these cheap homes, fill 'em with as many addicts as they could. Sometimes they would charge rent like 75 bucks a week or something like that. Plus the money they're getting from, you know, kickbacks from the, whichever treatment center they send them to.


So you, they're housed, they send them, and then, and then if they go to detox, you know, the kickback, it's, it's a revolving door of chaos and, you know, revolving door of suffering and just pain for the addict. And, and, but they're making money at every stop. This is disgusting. It is. Yeah. Do the addicts in the rehab center understand that they are pawns in a profit making scheme? I think a lot of people were starting to wake up to it, and I, and I knew one of the girls who was one of his victims, and she would, she was always like, man, I just wanna get the hell outta here. And she had this like, look in her, like, I could see that there was something, and I thought she was just very, like, you know, maybe had some, some issues with her family or whatever.


Just a very depressed, sad person. Even for an addict. Even for an addict. Like, I could tell that there was something, like, she was in absolute like, misery and terror. She was afraid of, like, they were afraid. Many people were afraid of him and what he would do if they spoke out. And it was just, it was heartbreaking for me to see that, you know, even as someone who's, you know, obviously committed crimes and things like that, I, I can't even imagine having the, the, the will to carry out such a monstrous act is Yeah, no, it's, it's, it tells you a lot. So, I mean, that many rehabs, you met a lot of people.


What did you learn about addicts? Addicts are some of the most resourceful, intelligent people on the planet. Like, you drop an addict in the middle of the, the desert, and they're gonna find the nearest tribe with an opium pipe, you know, within 30 minutes. And so if you get, They're, they're single-minded, aren't they? Well, yeah, but if you get them to, if you can, you know, separate them from the drug and separate them from the addiction and turn that into something that's good, like, you know, an addiction to work, or addiction to helping other, you know, that you can get addicted to, like, I mean, for me, the, the reason I got sober, I think there's several factors that played into it, obviously, God, you know, and, and the intrinsic motivation, you know, that I talked about, and, and having a fantastic support system that was there for me.


They were just waiting for me to come to them, you know, just like, Hey, we're here. Just, you know, your family. Yeah, my family. And, and one of the one hou halfway house owner who was kind of participating in the scam, but he cared, like he cared. He genuinely cared about the people who were coming to his house. He did not allow any drug use or anything like that. There was, i, I, I was at one place that was selling this, this guy was selling crack to his clients at the halfway house. No way. Yes. And he was selling crack to just people in general. So we would get knocks on our doors at three o'clock in the morning from total fucking spun out crack heads Come on.


Yeah. No, man. And there was no door on the bathroom. The, it was a hundred, you know, it was the middle of the summer in south Florida. It's like 110 degrees out, no air conditioning, just fans littering the, you know, littered across the living room and down the hallways and stuff. And I mean, just an absolute shit show. And, And people are smoking crack in the halfway house. Yeah. His rule was, you know, you fine line no needles. Like, yeah, you can smoke cracks, you can smoke whatever you want, just no needles. Like, ugh. All right. Yeah. Did you Smoke crack in the half halfway house? Yeah, A couple times. Yeah. What do you think of crack? I'd say it is, it's very destructive, obviously, but in terms of like a high, it is like you're, you're, it's like 30 minutes of like, I can con, you know, kind of that I can conquer the world.


You wanna start doing all these, like, different tasks that you've been putting off, like, because you feel confident about them now, but then it wears off and then you're just like so depressed and you think about every bad thing you've ever, it's like, yeah, like, I dunno if you've ever had like, cocaine withdrawal, like, or, you know, just coming off of cocaine after like a night of bender, you, like my dad would tell me that when he would do coke, like, he was just like, he'd think about like, yeah, in third grade when I pushed that kid, you know, again, into the stairwell or whatever. Just like every, you know, and just like, you just feel like a piece of garbage and you're depressed. Yes. And you, you, You pay for every happy moment. Yes, yes. And, and, and the crack it lasts. It like, the, it the highest.


So fleeting too, like with heroin, at least you get like a few good hours of, you know, a solid buzz. But with crack it's like, you know, it goes away relatively fast. Did you, how many people in rehab or halfway houses did you meet who were determined to get sober? Not very many. How? Every person, I think, without exception I know who's been addicted to drugs or alcohol, who got better, has a sense that there's, let's he say an aa, a great, you know, a greater power. Absolutely. That there's God. Yeah, absolutely. And that, you know, human beings have souls and each one is unique and important, and life is important and life is better than death.


And, you know, sort of like the basic grounding of monotheism. So like, how big a role did God play in any of these rehab centers, or, well, Well, when I was, so I was living in the, the halfway house I was selling, the guy was selling crack to, to us, and I'd just smoked some marijuana for the first time in a long time. And it made me like very introspective, you know, we can do that, say kind of like psychedelics do too. And, And I was like, you know, just I, and I heard a voice in my head that I can only assume it's just, you know, a spiritual awakening God saying like, what are you doing? What are you doing? Why are you here surrounded by these people? Like, looking around, I'm just like, I have so much more to offer the world than what I'm, you know, I mean, I've, I'm just a derelict and I don't have to be, I have people who love me.


I have people who would, you know, would die for me. You know, my family is, you know, you know, are so loyal and they love me so much, they just want me to stop being a piece of piece of garbage. And, and I just, that day I was like, I'm done with this stuff. It's not fun anymore. Like, and, and I, and I wanted to better myself. That was so, you know, I think that was God instilling the motivation. So yeah. I mean, yeah, I got sober at a crack. It's kind of funny, you know, tried 50 different rehab centers, but ended, ended up, you know, getting sober a crack house.


But I think that that's, yeah, it, it was So you were smoking weed in the halfway house. Yeah. He didn't care about, yeah. And yeah, you could smoke anything you wanted in there, pretty much. And yeah, I was just like, that day I knew I was never gonna touch an opiate again. And I know people say, like, you, you have to wake up and make a decision every day that you're not gonna use. But it's like, I don't even, it doesn't even like register in my mind, like, like to thi to say it like, oh, I'm not gonna use heroin today, because like, you know what I mean? You know what I'm saying? It's like, I do Know what you're saying Actually. Yeah. It's like, because it's like, I look back and I'm like, that's, I, I'm a different person. I'm truly a different person. I, I have like evolved. It's like a caterpillar becoming a butterfly or, or, you know, whatever analogy you wanna use.


But just, and looking back and thinking, how could I have possibly done all this? And, and yeah, I mean, Christ plays a huge role and I think it's really important. And even for people who are, excuse me, you know, maybe atheistic or whatever, but just believing in something greater than yourself that can, that, you know, you can strive to be better and strive to, you know, just whatever, set goals for yourself and achieve them and do, by doing that, you are, you know, I think that's how people can, can find a way out of addiction and then, and then you grasp onto something, find things that you really enjoy.


So like, what I was like, okay, what do I enjoy? I like, I love movies. I'm a huge movie fanatic, and I, like, I'm really interested in politics and journalism. And ironically what I, I mean, I was always, you know, my, like Fox News was on my parents' television 24 7, you know, so I grew up conservative. My grandmother was a door knocker for, for Reagan and for Bush, someone else. I can't think. No, the, he was the first Ford Nixon Goldwater the first conservative to run. He didn't win Goldwater. Oh yeah. Goldwater, yeah. 1964. Yeah, yeah. Goldwater. Yeah. And so, yeah, politics kind of is in my DNA, I would say.


And I remember watching Fox in the lead up to the presidential election. It was like the perfect time to be get interested in politics, right? You've got Trump and Hillary Clinton, and, and then I remember seeing you and I was like, and I'm not just saying this 'cause I'm on your podcast, this, it's genuinely, genuinely the truth. I saw you on, you know, your show. And I was like, I, I like, I love the way this guy does the news. It's, it's different. It's unique. It's funny. It's like, I wanna do something like that. I wanna, that's what I wanna do. You're Like, here's a southern Californian who had addiction problems And he turned out okay. And you're like, Hey, Yeah, yeah, yeah.


I didn't, I didn't know all that about you. He, no, I was just like, I was just like, wow, this guy is like so much different than the other voices on Fox. You know? I mean, not to, you know, I mean, you know, you just had, it brings such a unique perspective, you're willing to, you know, go against, you know, your quote unquote the party and call out the, you know, the rhinos and the neocons and all that stuff. And I was just like, he's, he's awesome. Like, this is great. And Yeah. Well, so let me a ask you like a philosophical question. So in between jobs once, and I got fired from another job, I was an unpaid fellow at a libertarian think tank in DC and I thought I was a libertarian, sort of am libertarian in a lot of ways, still, you know, I really don't wanna bother other people.


But I, I left after a drug policy conference that I went to that really kind of changed my thinking on the world. And at it, they explain the libertarian position on drug policy, which is kind of America's position on drug policy, which is, it's the drug addict's fault. Like, people get addicted to drugs, that's their problem, that's their fault. And it's kind of the demand explanation for the drug epidemic. It's like, we have a lot of drugs. 'cause people want a lot of drugs in this country. It's not Mexico or China's fault or the drug dealer's fault. Yeah, No, the de the the the Yeah. The desire for it. Like Yeah. And, and that's what Mexico says. It's like if you, people didn't want it so badly. Exactly. Yeah. You know, it's, it's, yeah, it's very true. And I thought, you know, that Makes sense. I mean, it's kind of like one of those lines you hear, they, you're like, yeah, that sounds right.


And then you think of your own life, and then you think of the people you know who got, you know, tragically fucked up or killed by drugs. And I of course I know a lot of them and you think, no, actually, like, some of them are like your mom, super healthy person, obviously a distance runner are the healthiest person, like in America, you know, are distance runners and she has an injury and some doctor gives her a drug and she becomes an addict. Yeah. And my and my dad, literally one time he went into the office And he grabbed the guy by his, like, threw him up against the wall. He's like, you're poisoning my fucking wife. Good For your dad. Yeah. And, and I Should say, your parents such a beautiful, you told me off camera, still married, which is so Beautiful.


Yeah. I'm married, married for four, married for 40 plus years. And That's incredible. And yeah, they've, yeah, they're in love. I mean, they're a true genuine, that Is a really love story. That's The best part of this whole story. And the Reason, just really quickly, the reason my dad fell in love with my mom, like at first sight was because he said she was the only woman in New York he saw that was wearing a crucifix, like he, that he'd seen in New York. So he's like, man, he's like, yeah, she's the one. They sound like great people, Great people. Oh, you would love, you would love My dad. Oh, I can tell you would love, I can tell, I'd like to throw a few doctors against the wall myself, but okay, so then there's that, and then there's your story, which is like insecure high school kid. Like how many high school kids are not insecure, right?


Zero. Like there's feelings that you described, like, I don't quite fit in. I don't know if I'm cool or not. Every single kid has that feeling at 15. So you're not unique in that way. And someone's like, Hey, try this. And then you become like a crazed, you know, needle dependent heroin addict and your pepper spraying members, the Mexican mafia and almost getting killed. So like within a year. Yeah. So that suggests to me that what we have is a supply problem, not a demand problem. Like you're in a, you know, you probably would've been happy with Bud Light or Coors Light or whatever. Yeah. And instead you wind up on heroin because you had access to this drug. So if you take a hundred people and give them heroin every day for a month, like what percentage become junkies?


Like, well, all of them. Yeah. Yeah. So For sure It was, I was just thinking this at this drug policy conference, And I was like, actually, you're all liars probably getting paid by Purdue Pharma to lie. And it's the Cato Institute and they're definitely liars. I can say that now, but I didn't understand it until, 'cause this is the one topic I knew something about having lived it. But do like, what is the answer to this problem that kills over a hundred thousand people a year? Americans, yeah. Like from like a, from like a government perspective? Yeah. Like what are we, it seems like we're paying addicts to use drugs. That's kind of my perspective. Yeah. I mean, I mean, I think that one, one thing we should not be doing is what California is, is doing and trying to do, set up like little, basically porta pot, porta-potties for addicts to go in and, you know, use and, you know, like little centers with clean needles and all that stuff.


And I get it. Why would You encourage people to shoot Heroin? Yeah, exactly. You don't coddle and, and enable drug addicts. You, that is the worst thing you can do because they're just gonna continue using, and heroin is not a drug that you can use. Like, and, and like, it's not like a, you know, 'cause there's a lot of functional alcoholics and functional, you know, people who, you know, are on like, you know, Valium or whatever, you know? Yeah. They can kind of pill, pill poppers that, that, you know, you would never know. But yeah, heroin, I just, I've never seen anyone who doesn't, it doesn't become a lifestyle. It's not, it's not like a, a side thing, you know, or a hobby or whatever it is your life.


It is all consuming What destroys you as a human being. Yeah. And same with meth. Oh Yeah. Yeah. It, it meth. The, in like inside and out too. Heroin doesn't quite like do the damage to your, like your outwardly complexion. Yeah. Outwardly. But like inwardly it's, it, I think it's worse, but, but meth is, yeah, absolutely terrible. Were You around a lot of meth people? Oh yeah. In, so in northern California. So, 'cause we moved to northern California after, when I was, when I was 18, I remember my dad came down to San Diego 'cause I was in rehab in San Diego And he picked me up and we drove north to, to where?


To the Bay area, to the East Bay. We lived in Concord. Yeah. Yeah. And 'cause my grandmother lived in Lafayette. Yep. I know it. And she was, she, Those were nice towns. I don't know if they still are, but they were. Yeah. Well, Concord has been kind of been taken over by, there's a lot of gang activity. Oh God. Yeah. And like, like, and it borders Clayton too, so they're like, I think they're probably gonna do something about it. 'cause Clayton's like a really nice area, so they're probably gonna start cracking down more because you know, the, the rich people are being affected. Yeah. So now it's a problem. Yeah. You know, and so yeah, so we moved up there, and again, I started associating with the worst of the worst that just, you know, gang banging meth heads.


And I'd never tried meth before. And I remember I was just at this guy's house And he pulls out a pipe. I'm like, all right, yeah, try it. See what the, see what the fuss is about. And I, I like, I So you were an open-minded young man. Yeah, so, you know, I, I didn't necessarily love it. It wasn't this like, oh yeah, I need this, but my, but, but like, my be became my best friend was a, was a dealer, so he always had it. So it's like, I would always just, yeah, take like a PA puff or two. There was one point where I stayed up for 12 days straight and then slept for eight hours and stayed up for another sort of total of 17 days.


So yeah, another five days. And because doing heroin and meth, it's like, like meth when you're like, basically like, you know, you're up for a day or two, you start to get weird seeing shadow people and shit like that. Then you do heroin and it's like, it's like resets you almost, it's kind of like, it's like you, it's like almost like you slept a little bit and your brain's like back to normal and it's not going into crazy mode. I've seen meth heads. Like I, I remember this one story. So I was, we were at this girl's house in her garage, and it was myself, my, our dealer and this chick.


And she had, you know, just all over her face, scratch, you know, from scratching. She, she looked like, ter terrifying, but I'd been kicked outta my house. So we were just chilling there, you know, we were just going, you know, from place to place trying to, you know, find a spot to, you know, kick it and rest or whatever. And so we're smoking in there for like three, four hours and her and my friend go into the bathroom or inside her hou inside her house. And I just kind of like sit back and I end up like, falling asleep. And I didn't realize, I was like, I woke up And I was like, I had no idea how long I'd been asleep, like 30 seconds, 30 minutes, whatever. And there was no one in the garage.


So I like, knock on the garage, not, and knock gr garage door kind of peeked my head in. I'm like, Hey, well what are you guys doing? And she comes out, she's like, close the door. I'm like, okay. And then she comes out and she's like, what the, what the, are you doing in my, in my house? My kids are in there. And I'm like, oh my God, you have kids? And she's like, yeah, what, what'd you steal? What did you steal? And I'm like, I didn't steal anything. And then she pulls out a handgun. Oh my dear. Yeah. And like, it's this switch that flips for some people, it ne it's never happened to me, but this flip that switches and you, they just become in a totally different, irrational, dangerous human being.


And so, so this woman has a gun pointed at me, and she's like, I want, she's like, empty your pockets, blah, blah, blah. And I, I, I went like this and pulled out like, you know, I was like, look, I didn't steal anything from you. What would I steal? I poked my head into your place for two seconds. And I'm like, by the way, if you have your kids sleeping in there, you're kind of a shitty mom. You know? I was, 'cause I'm like, So you insult The lady with a gun pointer? Yes. Because, at you, because I was thinking another, If I can just ask you to pause Chris, another unwise decision. Yes, yes. But I was thinking, I was like, this woman isn't going to pull the trigger. She, it, it was a neighborhood that the houses were like right next to each other. The police station was like down the street. So You're betting that the meth head is rational.


I dunno what I was thinking. I was just angry and I was high too. So, you know, I'm not exactly in The best, you know, decision making frame of mind. But anyways, so she's like, she's like, take your fucking clothes off. I I wanna make sure you didn't steal anything. I'm like, fuck you. Sorry. Yeah, no, at all, please. I'm like, fuck you, you're outta your fucking mind. I was like, I didn't steal a fucking thing from you. You like, I was like, you're not gonna shoot me, so how about you just let us fucking leave? And so, and, and, and I'm like, and I'm, and I'm looking at my friend and I'm like, dude, and he's just standing there like, this guy was a, a piece of work. So that night, so, so she's like, all right, get the fuck outta here.


And she opens her garage up for us and we leave. And my friend calls an Uber. And the Uber, like the, her phone died in the middle of the ride. And so like, the trip got canceled. And so the woman who was driving us was like, get out, get outta my car right now. And we were like, still like a couple miles from our destination, his sister's house. And he, And I was like, oh shit. And he's like, oh, don't worry, I have a spot we can go to. And I'm like, okay. And so we walk up the street and there's this house and he's like, yeah, I forget who he said owned it.


But he's like, yeah, it's cool if we crash here. And he tries to open the front door, it's not locked. He's like, all right, lemme go around the back. And he's like, rummaging around. He's rumming around in the backyard and I'm standing in the front just sitting on the steps. 'cause I didn't think there was anything sketchy. And this car drives by and it kind of slows down. And, and then it keeps going. And I'm like, huh, that was weird. And then it loops back and then stops. And I was like, oh, shit. So I had a backpack with me. I grabbed my backpack, hopped the fence into the backyard, And I was like, Hey dude, someone's here. And he takes off and I'm running and I, it's like, it's four, it's like four in the morning in northern California in the winter.


And I'm running, and it, it's pitch black. And I fall into a pool. It was, this was like one of the worst nights of my life. Tell us. And I was in, and I was in o low key opiate withdrawal too, on top of all of that. On, on top of the meth and the, the crazy girl pointing the gun at you. Yeah. Yeah. And that's why I was so irritable. And probably if I, yeah, if I had been, you know, if I was on heroin, it probably would've gone down a lot differently, but I probably wouldn't have been as aggressive. But I was so, you know, ticked off. And so I fall in the pool, I see flashlights like coming towards us, and this guy has, has already booked it like over, over a fence.


And he's gone. Like he is gone. And so I, I, like, I get outta the pool and I try to climb the fence and I still have my backpack on. And, you know, it was like soaking wet and I couldn't climb. It was too heavy. So I just shed the backpack and just hopped the fence. And I'm running down this hill and, and I run face first into a chain link fence. And It's like a dream. And, and my face is like, you know, so now my face is bleeding and my hands are bleeding from climbing the fence. And like I, and I don't have any shoes on. And so, and so, I am just so cold and so miserable.


And so I, there was a, like a hill and then there was a grocery store, kind of a little strip mall type place. And so I go down there and I look for the sketchiest person possible. Like, you know, just, You can tell Yeah, Yeah. There my using my radar and, And I was like, Hey man, can I use your phone to call attack? 'cause I knew if I asked any normal person, they saw me with blood on my face and no shoes on. They'd be like, get the fuck away from me, sir, please. But no, they were, they were really nice. They, they let me use their phone and I called a taxi, jumped into the taxi. I was like, please turn the heat up as as high as you can.


And I went home and at first my parents weren't gonna let me in. And I was like, listen, I'm, I'm probably gonna get hypothermia if you don't let me in, please. I was like, I will do whatever you want. I will go anywhere. I just please, I, I, I remember like going into their room and just like wrapping myself up in a, in a giant blanket. And, And I was like, I'd never felt so relieved in my life. Did you ever figure out who was chasing you? I think it was someone who like, because the house, it turns out the house was for rent and it was, it was, there was no one in it. And so I didn't, you know, of course I didn't know that.


He said, yeah, this is a spot that we can go to. I just assumed it was another dope fis, another dope Fis place. And so yeah, all that. And you know, one thing that really breaks my heart is like, it, it's really the, yeah, one of the most, I'd say difficult things that I had to accept that I did was because my dad would, from time to time, figure out where I was and go to these, you know, these crack houses and, and places like that, and begged me to come home. And I remember one time specifically, he said, please, please, Chris, please come home, like your family loves you, please in tears.


And, and my dad doesn't cry. And, and I was just like, no. And he's like, okay, well at least take, And he gave me his, his crucifix and St. Christopher metal. I still ha I broke the chain, but I still have them today to this day. And gosh, even then it tore me up, you know, because I, I just wasn't ready to stop. And I didn't know, like, you know, I didn't want to cause this pain that, you know, and suffering that my parents were feeling. And so I drowned it out with just more use and, you know, to, to try to, You can see how that happens.


Yeah. So when you quit 2016, how long did it take to get back your equilibrium for your brain to start functioning as it had before you started using Opioids? Honestly, I don't know that it will, it, it, it has ever gotten back to where it was before. But I think that it, it took about, I would say like nine months to a year to like get like the, all, like, to get the fog out and like, you know, have like, 'cause like my memory was shot. Just everything was like depleted. And so in order to get, you know, to get those receptors and everything firing again and to get my brain back to where it needed to be, yeah.


I just, it was hard. What are the long term longer term effects? I would say, I'd say memory loss is definitely a thing. Equilibrium. Like I have a very bad equilibrium. Like people think I'm drunk sometimes 'cause I'll like stumble. Yeah. But it's just like, no, I'm just, yeah. My equilibrium's off. And I mean obviously, you know, long term like things like anxiety, you know, you know, it's ironic 'cause a lot of people use heroin to treat their anxiety and Yeah. But it causes, you know, again, it's the rebound effect. Yes. And so yeah. Anxiety, depression, just yeah.


A myriad of bad Things. I have known, you know, people addicted to Opioids and have heard that it affects your ability to feel happiness once you're off it. Yeah. I would say that, yeah. I didn't, I always, and I, you know, and, and even to this day, like have this kind of sense sometimes of like imposter syndrome. Like I, like, you know, you know, for example, like getting a, a job in Congress, working for Matt Gates and having Matt Gaetz compliment me and tell me and say all these nice things about me. It's like, I don't feel like I deserve this praise. You know? I mean, sure. I'm a like, I'm a decent person, but yeah, I, it's like I, it took me a while to just understand that like, yeah, I am worthy of these, I have achieved a lot, I have been, you know, sure I've done a lot of bad things, but I've done everything I can to try to, you know, repair the damage that I caused.


Yes. And so, like, so no, I deserve, you know, it's just, it's hard to force yourself to, you know, accept like Yeah. You're like, you're doing well. Like, just be Yes, you were, you were as bad as it could get. But you've turned it around and like, you know, I was, I was kind of nervous about this interview, but then I was like, and I was talking to my dad and he's like, Chris, you stopped using heroin, you can do an interview. Yeah. You know, That's true. Yeah. And I mean, yeah. You know, it was, and again, like I go back to the intrinsic motivation, it's just so important to want to level up in life.


And I think that like, you know, I kind of compare it to like the whole body positivity movement. It's like, yeah, you're 40 pounds and I'm not talking about people with like, medical issues or anything. No. Right. But like, you're 40 pounds overweight. No, you're perfect just the way you are. It's like, no, put the donut down, go to the gym. Like, you know, a hundred percent stop coddling people who are, you know, who have a food addiction, Encouraging people to destroy themselves is the way I think about it. Yeah, right. Only only people who are filled with hate would do that. I don't care what they dress it up as. If you're encouraging someone to hurt himself, you hate that person. Right? Yeah. I mean, I mean, I don't, I mean, it seems so, Well, obviously yeah. If you did that to your kids here, get type two diabetes here, become a junkie, you would be Oh yeah.


A terrible parent. But you would be acting of hate for your kids, obviously. Yeah, yeah. Sinister. It's, it is sinister. And, you know, that's why, you know, like, you know, you see all these, like, Victoria's Secret plus size mo you know, it's like, and again, you shouldn't, you shouldn't do, you shouldn't want to better yourself, you know, for societal acceptance, but for your own sense of, you know, happiness and wellbeing and purpose. Because you talk to any person who's overweight, you know, and like, again, without medical conditions, like obviously they're gonna say yes, I would prefer to be, prefer to lose a few pounds. I mean, I would assume I've never talked to every obese per, I haven't talked to every obese person on the planet, but the ones that I have talked to say, yeah, I would Like, well, they're tormented by it.


Of course. Yes. Tormented by it. Yeah. You don't feel good. And, and, and, and, and yeah. And like Victoria's Secret and these other places trying to tell them, oh yeah, you're perfectly fine. Keep doing what you're doing. Don't change anything. It's like, no. Well, It's, it's evil, obviously. Yeah. Let's just call it what it is. Yeah. It's, yeah. It's all these things are, they're big pharma. Yeah. I think Abetting the destruction of human beings and that's, that's the worst thing you can do in this life, in my opinion. Absolutely. Big pharma is the closest thing to like, you know, like if you just wanna talk about pure evil, like getting into the realm of demonically stick. Yes. Big pharma is I think the prime example, what they've done to this country. I couldn't agree more. Chris, Thank you for spending all this time and for being so totally honest about your story.


Absolutely. And I never say, I hope this helps people 'cause it feels like so banal, but I do hope this helps people. Thank You. I appreciate it, Tucker. Thank you. We wanna Thank you for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day. We know the people who run it, good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bell So you never miss an episode. We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter. Telling the truth. Always, you'll not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell. We appreciate it. Thanks for watching.