
Time to move. Skip the hassles of selling during the holiday season and sell your home directly to Opendoor. Request an all cash offer in minutes close and get paid in days. You can even pick your close date so You can move after New Year's. Start your move@opendoor.com or download the Opendoor app. Opendoor is represented by Opendoor Brokerage Inc. License 0 2 0 6 1 1 3 0 in California and Opendoor brokerage, LLC. In its other markets terms and conditions apply.


I gotta say it is a little bit astounding to those of us from California to see a politician from that state run for president, because you, in the back of your mind, you, you wonder like, when's someone gonna ask her about the state she's from? Which is like the greatest disaster in the history of the United States, probably the greatest disaster since the fall of Rome, I would say went from the greatest place, I think it's fair to say, on planet Earth. Yes. When I grew up in the seventies and eighties, sixties, seventies and eighties, to a place that people are fleeing. And so without, you know, blaming Kamala Harris for all of it. It's not all her fault, but someone have to answer for that.


Welcome to The Tucker Carlson Show. We bring you stories that have not been showcased anywhere else, and they're not censored, of course, because we're not gatekeepers. We are honest brokers here to tell you what we think you need to know and do it honestly. Check out all of our content at Tucker Carlson dot com. Here's the episode. You've just written a book on this. Bless you for doing that. Are we, are we taping right Now? Yeah, we're, we're live baby. Oh, sorry. Yeah. Oh my gosh. Everything you say, I had a Ron Burgy moment. Fuck you. San Diego. Excuse me. So as a San Diego, I've never forgotten that. Oh, so what What Happened to California.


Well, you know, there's a lot of, there's a lot of reasons as to how we ended up in a one party state, how we ended up in a state of decrepitude, and frankly, with elements of criminality that are so depraved and savage and dark, that they're really unseen outside of the worst conflict zones in the world. and that is characterized by, let's say, for instance, the rise of child soldiers, juveniles committing a lot of crime, In fact, maybe driving the crime surge in the state, and certainly in Los Angeles, Children, Children as young as 10 being recruited by gangs to commit armed robbery, hijackings, and even murder.


Okay, so now we're just, in Mexico, you're basically describing worse than Mexico. Worse than Mexico. So there, I'm a million authors of this tragedy, but if you were to point to two or three big facts, big changes, big trends that created the dystopia you're describing Yeah. What would They be? Well, so there's a legislative angle to this, and I think that's a really, really important part of the, the history and the pathway to destruction. and that started, well, that was influenced by a number of factors, principally. There was a, there was an important Supreme Court case in 2011 called Brown v Plata.


And in this decision, which was a five four split, Kennedy was the deciding factor on the liberal side, wrote the opinion, it was determined that the California state prison system was in violation of the eighth Amendment, which is cruel, unusual punishment. And this was ow the fact that prisons were operating at 200% capacity at that time. And according to this ruling, California had to conform to a very arbitrary capacity ratio, or that was established by a, you know, federal bureaucracy of 137.5%.


So, okay, So, if you were at 137.5%, you were no longer in violation of the Eighth Amendment. So as a result of this ruling, California did have to find ways to comply and took a number of steps to do so. A number of laws that all discussed, but coinciding with, with this ruling and going back further, is the emergence of the criminal justice reform movement, principally coming out of places like Stanford Law School and some particular individuals, like a gentleman named Mike Romano, who was able to influence the legislature and executive level officers in the state to embrace policies that were part of the criminal justice reform movement, and principally dedicated to the idea of reducing the, so-called crisis of mass incarceration.


So this meant that there was a force coming from the Supreme Court that was motivating this and also ideological activist elements that push for these same reforms at the same time. So as, yeah, if I Can suggest you this, the formulation there, which I've never thought about till now, mass incarceration, which I don't think any normal person would be in favor of mass incarceration, but that's, you're only describing one side of the coin. The other way to describe it would be the ma you know, the, the crime wave that we're living through that results, I mean, that results in people going to prison. Yeah. No one thought to address Crime. Well, so California had up until, let's say 2011, one of the most stringent criminal justice systems in the entire country.


We of course, like were the, the, the force behind the three strikes law. Yeah. And three strikes put a lot of bad people away for forever. But it had problems too, to be, to be honest, like there were, there were problems And, there were reforms applied to it to reduce, you know, potential injustices. Right. And, and I, I support those. But nevertheless, three strikes and, and also the introduction of what are called enhancements. So special circumstance enhancements in which, let's say you use a gun in a crime, you use a gun that adds 10 years additionally to your conviction, if you use a gun and you shoot someone that's 20 years, if you use a gun and kill someone, it's life.


Right? So that's an enhancement if you're a gang member and engage in, you know, whatever crime gang enhancements would apply and those would add to the sentencing. These things were all eliminated and obliterated in big parts by directives that came from the, so the, so-called Soros das, the Progressive das in 2020, but the dismantling, you know, started really following this Supreme Court case. So the first law that was a big problem, and put us on this path was called AB 1 0 9.


It's called the Public Safety Realignment Act. And the idea was that to reduce the, the capa the number of, of prisoners in the state system, you would transfer. So-called non-violent non-sexual low risk offenders to county jails. There's a problem though. And the problem and the, the sort of poison pill within it was the issue of what classified non-violent, non-sexual low risk offenders. Because under AB 1 0 9, the only offense that would be considered was the last offense for which you were convicted.


So in other words, inmates with long and violent criminal histories, who happened to be in jail in state prison because of a nonviolent offense, were eligible for this system, And, they were transferred out 27,000. It didn't, even, even with that, we still didn't meet the, the capacity threshold of 137.5. But this was one of the steps to do. So here's the, the other trial you didn't think of building more prisons. Well, you know, we don't have the, we don't have the money. California, you can't build anything California, California bankrupt at that time. Yeah, right. And actually, like Jerry Brown, to his credit, like did, did a lot and like earnestly to try and like straighten the, you know, the, the right, the ship of California's fiscal situation.


But these kinds of policies specific to jailing were totally ill conceived. And so with AB 1 0 9, all of these prisoners get, go into county jails, but the county jails don't have the resources right to to, to house them. They don't have the, the funds to staff them. And so the outcome is that many are just released into the communities. Kamala Harris is elected attorney general in 2010, narrowly beating Dick Steve Cooley, who's the, probably the last great attorney, district attorney of Los Angeles, a Republican by the way.


She, he's the only repre, he's the only Republican she's ever run against other than Trump. And she lost to him, or he, he lost to her by just a few thousand votes, which I, and just, this is kind of an interesting coda, is that there were also kind of odd circumstances around that election. Steve was ahead and then, you know, kind of in 2020 fashion there was a surge of her votes. But anyway, she's elected to California Attorney General in 2010, and her first big task is administering AB 1 0 9. Because as the head of the California Justice Department, she really has the most, you know, highest level of presence in for sure, understanding the budgetary constraints of the counties and the, and what everyone was warning her, including the California District Attorney's Association, police unions at this law was gonna be a big problem.


And she supported it. She did nothing to try and like bring more resources to these county jails. And this is a theme actually, we'll see over and over again in California where the state has some failure, some bureaucratic, you know, incompetency or shortfall in the budget or some issue. And the res and the, the, the, the strategy at Sacramento is to simply move that problem shifted to localities, to counties to manage, which are also struggling. So it's kind of robbing Peter to pay Paul and nothing changes.


So after AB 1 0 9 went to effect the next year, property crimes went up 9%. And moreover, 60 per 1% of those offenders who were eligible for this program, and by the way, it's retroactive, 61% are arrested within a year, and 41% are convicted again. So clearly the recidivism rate created by this law was a major problem. Fast forward to 2014, and the worst of them all comes out of strategy, political strategy, consultant firms in San Francisco, who by the way, backed Kamala Harris and to great, great extent.


And this is called Prop 47. Yes. So Prop 47 was marketed to Californians, and I should say for, you know, people don't understand California politics. We have this, you know, a system that allows for, you know, really important legislation to be put forward directly to the voters. And that's how a lot of very, very big laws in California have like the initiative system. Yeah. Like Prop 13 famous. Exactly. And Prop 180 7, exactly, which we can talk about. But prop, prop 40, excuse me, prop 47, this was the stealing legalization, it's called, it was called just Ever, you know, euphemistically the Safe Neighborhoods and Schools Act.


And the idea behind it was we would redu again, address the mass incarceration problem, reduce the prison capacity by shifting again, nonviolent offenders, you know, out, out of state prisons and treating thefts under $950 as misdemeanors prior to this law, thefts at $400 would be felony grand larceny. And this law changed it such that it would have to be above $950 to become a felony. So as, as a consequence of this, oh, there was also as a, as another, another factor of prop 47 was that drug possession would, would not, would no longer be a, a felony.


It would be treated as a misdemeanor. And this has also exacerbated the drug and homeless problem. In fact, I think in the years after, right after Prop 47 went into effect, the number of er overdose cases was up 25%. So this Is the law that legalized stealing and drug use. Correct. Effectively, yes. So I remember this very well, and I think I remember Rob Reiner, who's an enemy of civilization being one of the many celebrity backers of this. But it was quite popular. I mean, like a lot of famous people were behind this. Oh yeah. Well, Kamala Kamala Harris wrote the, wrote the law on that appeared on the ballot.


And Kamala Harris Did. Yes. Because in California, the attorney general of the state will write the language and the title for every proposition put before us Harris is the one who wrote the Legalized Stealing Act. Yes. And I will tell you, Steve Cooley calls it Fraud by misrepresentation And. there is a poison pill within Prop 47 that is quite shocking. And she was actually called out for it by the Sacramento B and that is that these reclassified offenders would no longer be subject to mandatory and standard DNA testing as a result, DNA testing for across the state went from 15,000 a month to 5,000 a month.


And DNA testing is super, super critical for the solving of cold case homicides, rapes, and other violent crimes that, you know, are typically associated with people with track records of crime. So these nonviolent, you know, the larceny type offenders are, you know, are very likely or you know, or at least you know, it should be investigated whether they have some kind of connection to other crimes, as we've seen, you know, everywhere. So A small number of people commit the overwhelming majority of crime Exactly. In every society. So Kamala Harris's description in the ballot for 47 basically obfuscated this issue of the DNA testing and the Sacramento B called her out on it and said that this was effectively a, a, a misrepresentation and a failure on her part to omit this information from the voters.


So she's, or the authors of this are like taking the side of rapists over the population. Oh, Yeah. And, and well, I I'll tell you also, she was not alone in writing this, the, the, the language. I mean, Kamala Harris doesn't do anything, right? Right. She does. She she's a facilitator and, and an opportunist and everything. Every action really she has taken in California has been on the basis of what is good for Kamala Harris. Right. But what I have heard cer from, from my sources who, who are certainly would know with Prop 47, it was significantly influenced in terms of the language by prominent figures from the criminal justice reform movement.


And even entities affiliated with George Soros, who's always been a, a funder of criminal justice reform. So they Sold this as like, good for the California budget, good for the safety of your neighborhood, sort of the opposite of the truth. Well, literally the opposite of the truth. And people bought it, what, what was the margin on It? 60%. 60%, Yes. Committed civilizational suicide without knowing it. Yes. They, we sewed our own demise. Yes. And we did so because our leaders manipulate language. Nonviolent offender, for instance, is not nonviolent offender In fact in the next law that came about, that was again on our pathway to destruction.


Prop 57, which passed in 2016. That law again, which Kamala Harris wrote the language for, and which she was excoriated by other Democrats when she was running for higher office, particularly Loretta Sanchez, prop 57, was again, to address mass incarceration and would offer additional parole opportunities for offenders that were deemed to be, quote, nonviolent. But un what is nonviolent under proper 57. It is anything that is not one of 23 specific crimes that is in a obscure section of the penal code.


So nonviolent could be drug trafficking, human trafficking, rape by intoxication, some forms of assault, financial crimes, serious financial crimes. And basically these, these offenders under this provision would, would have opportunities for parole and also parole administration would, was also passed down to the county levels who, again, didn't have the resources to handle this new burden. So there's a striking example of this Was a ballot initiative.


Also Ballot initiative also passed again, I think by pretty good margin and not as, not as famous. Yes. Infamous is four is 47, but you know, very destructive. There's a case of a, of a offender released under this who went on to kill like four or five people in a mass shooting gang related like within a two years of get of release. Because of course when they go into the parole system, the parole system is, is completely incumbent at those, at the local levels. They, again, they do not have the resources.


And, there was a participation rate of offenders of 9% in re rehabilitation programs. And the ID and the cornerstone of 57 was we are taking these, you know, people that, you know, they, they are nonviolent And, they can be redeemed. Right? But it's really just a gimmick that is driven by, again, this, this, this mandate by the Supreme Court, but also by the influence of criminal justice reform, advocates,


Natural disasters, wars, political conflicts, the recent threatened dock worker strikes at ports around the country. All of these are reminders that things that we take for granted in this country, like medicine, are all dependent on a long and fragile supply chain. If something happens to that supply chain, you and your family will not be able to get things that you need to live. So right now seems like a pretty good time to stock up on essentials for when the next unexpected disaster hits because it's coming. We know that, that's why we're partnering with Jace Medical, which can supply you and your family directly to your home with things you need. Quick, easy, affordable solutions for problems that require life-saving medication for ones in your family in the case of an emergency. So the JCE case is a personalized emergency medication kit that contains essential antibiotics and medications to treat the most common and potentially deadly bacterial infections, for example. And then a whole host of add-on medicines from Ivermectin to EpiPens, depending on what you and your family may need. How hard is it to get this? Not hard. The process is quick and easy. You fill out an online form, you consult with their physician, and you receive your medications through a licensed pharmacy at a fraction of the regular price. It is all totally above board, completely legit. And in the case of a disruption to our supply chain, which again could very easily happen. It could mean the difference between surviving and not. So we recommend it, go to jce.com, use code Tucker at checkout for a discount on your order. That's jce, JAS e.com promo code Tucker.


Was the pandemic a natural disaster or was it the biggest coverup of our time? And what happens when the scientists and the science are at odds? Who should you trust Thank? you, Dr. Fauci is available now. Watch the trailer and visit TYD fmo.com for more.


So now is the time to get to motive. What would be the motive of a, so-called criminal justice reformer of George Soros Kamala Harris's motives are always political. So we, we already answered that question, but, but of the, of the sincere believers in this stuff, the idea that the criminals are the real victims, freedom, stealing, should be legal, et cetera, et cetera. Like why, what's driving them? Well, I think there's, there's, there are those who are put pushed for these initiatives who are just pure sociopaths, And. they are not really committed ideologically. They, they g they galvanize around it because it's in vogue and it allows them access to money like Soros money.


George Gascon is probably the greatest example of this. Not an ideolog ideologue, by the way, a very bad stupid lawyer from what everyone says. But not an ideologue sociopath is how he's been described to me as have some of these other rogue prosecutors. But then there's the true believers and within criminal justice reform, I think that it's fair to say there's a spectrum of, of radicalism, you know, some initiatives I, I think have like good intentions. you know, we, we do want rehabilitation in society. We do want the opportunity to build your one's life back by a bad choice for sure.


Yeah. Like that's, like, that's a Christian value of course. But it goes much, much deeper than that. And I think that as you, as you peel back the layers of criminal justice reform and look at what they're specifically advocating for, it ranges not only from mass incarceration solutions, but also frankly, defunding the police. Pacifying the police through, you know, ideas like community policing in which police are sort of characterized now as social workers, right. Rather than in law enforcement Emasculating them, turning Them into women. of course emasculating into women.


Well literally emasculating them. Yeah. Literally. I mean, women now make a huge portion of overall cops. And you know, there's the, the, the cops I've talked to who, who are like, you know, serious, serious, like threatening figures, but but good guys. They, they, they see the, the police today as an absolute joke. Right. And I can tell you, and I'll, I'll get into it about how bad it's getting at, at the LAPD and, and other law enforcement agencies, but through erosion because of these policies and morale erosion. But back to criminal justice reform, I think that it's really important to strip away euphemisms.


And if, when, when I was evaluating, you know, the, the tenets of this, of this movement, it became apparent to me that not only did it place the offender above victim, it, it fundamentally resulted in the, the diffusion of crime and the spreading of suffering as a policy choice. So as laws like 40, So trying to wreck other people's neighborhoods, safe neighborhoods, affluent neighborhoods Yes. White neighborhoods. Correct.


With crime on purpose. Yes. Because they were orderly, affluent, and white. That's right. And I can tell you, like for instance, the, So that's not a figment of the imagination. That's a, that's an actual choice. You think. Well, I can, for sure. BLM activists say that stealing mass, stealing of retail stores is a form of reparation. This is crime. EII call this crime equity, this concept. And I, it's not even something said like in jest or, or flippantly. It's actually a very deep and dark idea with historical analogs. I think particularly pertinent would be what happened in Rhodesia, where criminals are released from prisons and mass and sent on essentially government sanctioned theft of white farmer land and other property.


And this is a form of, you know, kind of anarchic tyranny. Right? So this is crime as a means of totalitarian control and as a tool of racial grievance. It, it Is a, it is a crime as a means to redress historical grievances through collective punishment. So we're mad about what your ancestors did, so we hope your daughter gets raped. Correct. Yeah. That's about as evil as it gets. Yeah. And I will give you, so some example, the second in charge at the LA County District Attorney's office, the chief of staff, a woman named Tiffany Blackmail, who you know, is proud to have been a rioter and looter in the 1992.


Rodney King is a Prosecutor. She came from the Public Defender's office. Gascon has filled the wait, But she's currently a prosecutor. She Is Gaston's chief of staff. Wow. She and she was a rioter. Yeah. She she's written about this during The race riots of 92, Correct? Yeah. Where people were murdered for their skin color. Yeah. Asians in particular. Yeah. And whites. Yeah. Yeah. But lots of Koreans. Yeah. Yeah. Well, there, we'll, we'll get to the issue of Asians being targeted. 'cause that's another, that's another phenomenon that's taking place. But Tiffany blackmail is a, a vowed racist.


She wears TA t-shirt that's she's posted on Instagram that says like, police are trained to kill us. Right. And she is effectively number two at the DA's office. When Santa Monica and the west side of Los Angeles was being firebombed during the George Floyd riots and citizens were bemoaning this, that's The white part of town, just for those who weren't from Exactly the white part of town. Tiffany blackmail said, oh, go cry me a river Out loud. She put, she posted on, on like Twitter or Facebook.


Oh, that's really scary. It's, Well, I mean, this is, this is who Gascon has surrounded himself with. So Tiffany Blackmail's a great example of like a true believer. Gascon No, he's too stupid to be believer like Kamala Harris. I find it very ridiculous when people say Kamala Harris is a Bolshevik. Because to be a Bolshevik, you actually have to know about philosophy. You have to know about dialectics. Right. She just, you have to make it through dos Capal Kamala Harris only knows Kamala Harris, although she doesn't even know that because we can't figure out what her name is. She's a Child. Obviously, she's a tool of greater power, obviously. I mean, she wound up there by accident because of her skin color. So the laws continue to get worse from there.


And in 2020, that was the catalyst. So the George Floyd. Right. But just to be, I just wanna linger on this for one second. Yeah, of course. Just to be clear, you believe that crime is not an accident. Crime is a result of intentional policy. Crime is the point of the policy, and part of the aim is to punish people for their skin color with crime. of Course. Well, not of course. That's the sickest thing I've heard this year. Well, It, it's extremely evil. And it is, it is demonstrably the case because these laws were so, they, they were so obviously negligent and reckless. Everyone knew all the law enforcement agencies, all the district attorneys came out against these kinds of initiatives saying that these, the result is gonna be dangerous.


Criminals on the street, dangerous criminals on the street. This is our future And. they passed it anyway. The voters passed it. Kamala Harris wrote the language, you know, and again, prop 47 is called the Safe Schools and Neighborhoods Act. Right. So the idea is that the funding sa budget savings from moving for, from not classifying these larcenies as felonies and, and And there, thereby being misdemeanors, which are not ever, ever enforced or prosecuted, would, would save millions of dollars that would then be redirected to schools.


Well, did The schools get great in California? The schools are worse than ever. Are the neighborhoods safer? No, of course not. Like the, the LA is as, as la is not as quite as violent as it was during the 1990s, which was at the peak of the, the drug war between the Bloods and the Crips. However, we're getting there. And the difference between now and then is that back then gangsters were killing each other. They were killing each other for act you know, who owned what street corner to sell drugs. Right now the violence is turned against all of us, the tax time Taxpayers, the, the people who created the society and sustain it.


Correct. With their Correct. With their labor. Yeah. So that's, that is how I sort of, because The, the gangs did not create Los Angeles or the United States or anything of value in this country at all. They create nothing. They only destroy, just to be clear. And so while all of us are equal in the eyes of God, and all of us are equal as American citizens, we're not all equal in our effect. Some of us are creators and others are destroyers. And you are saying that the destroyers are now killing the creators. I'm saying that destroyers run California Man. And I can tell you that's not hyperbole. And really in many ways, California is actually under the sovereignty of the Mexican drug cartels.


And this happened primarily California is under the sovereignty of the Mexican drug Sovereignty. Sovereignty is this idea that a one power exerts influence on another and allows some autonomy of the subordinate power. It's often been used in like geopolitical analysis to like for instance, describe how Rome a Roman empire administered gall. Right, exactly. Yeah. So, so there's a semblance of autonomy, but there is still ultimately a power that is answered to, and the reason that the Mexican drug curtails, I think, qualify for that is because sometime around 2010, all this bad stuff happened in 2010.


And if I may even say like, you know, when, when we last spoke about the trans issue, that also really got into effect in 2010. It's peak Obama is, is what it is. But in any event, so I think in retrospect, we can say that Obama was a destroyer. That the intent was to subvert and destroy the United States. and that some people called that early. They were derided as crazy or racist. They weren't either one of those things. They were prescient. I always took him completely deadly serious. Yeah. When he said he was gonna change America And, he did. Yes. Maybe forever. But in any event, around 2010, there was a hostile takeover of the narcotics distribution market in California, which had been otherwise the domain of black gangs, native Born black people, Legacy black gangs had run, run narcotics and dope trading.


Can I Just say at least, you know, even if they're drug dealers or gang members, they're still Americans. Oh, Let Me tell you. So we share a common history, and I want, actually, Actually, they're, they have, they have principles. That's kind of the point I was making. At least. At least they're part of this country for sure. I'll tell you in a minute how, how principled they are. Maybe we even agree with them on some things because I suspect we're voting the same way this November. Just throwing that out there. Well, well, So when the cartels, when the cartels moved into California, they said to all the black gangs, if you sell dope without our permission, we will quote cut your head off And. they meant that literally they meant that literally.


So every black gang had to then find an alternative revenue stream or get their dope supply from the drug, from the cartels, from Hispanic gangs. Because all Hispanic gangs in California kind of operate as a, as a extension of, of gangs above them, which is that which are based in prison. And, and that's another issue. But the, you know, the, the highest level gang in California is called the Mexican Mafia. And it's a prison. It's a prison gang. Yes. But this, and this gang is the ultimate authority really on all Latino gangs in the state.


There are two to 300,000 gang members in California. 63%. Two 300,000. Yes. The, for for reference, the US National Guard has 250,000 members. There's 1.2 million gang members in the United States. And in California, 63% That's bigger than the active duty US military. Yeah, I think. I think so. Oh wow. And 63% are Latino. So as a result of this volume and num numerical advantage, they control the prisons. So the Mexican mafia, which is actually like, you know, a legacy organization, it has a long history Oh, A long history, right.


50 years. Anyway. Yeah. And, they are incredibly powerful. And, and as, as it was told to me by this incredible LA county sheriff sergeant who, and I'm not gonna mention the names of any of my sources for their protection and safety, but this gentleman said to me that he was head of major crimes bureau for the LA County Sheriffs and 25 year veteran of the force. Now in private security, And, he said to me that the prisons ruled the street. So effectively the criminal economy of California, which is in the tens of billions, may maybe a hundred billion passes through California state prisons.


So that is a prima fossi indictment of the failure of, of our prisons. Because from prison, the Mexican mafia is ordering hits, running drug trades, human trafficking, you name it, And. they do so as proxies of the Mexican drug cartels In Mexico. Yes. So this is, Well, they're not in Mex, they they're in California. But This is exactly what destroyed El Salvador and has wrecked Mexico and Guatemala is drug gangs operating their leaders operating from prison. With Impunity. With Impunity. So let's ask you to side note, 'cause I can't resist.


So in those in Mexico, Guatemala, and Salvador, and probably in other countries as well, the drug gangs are effectively religious organizations based on satanism. Oh, absolutely. Is that true in California as well? Well, I will tell you that the, the law enforcement and prosecutors that I talked to would say that the illegal alien gang element is characterized by extreme violence. Right. Like extreme, like, Like ISIS violence. Right. Unnecessary violence. Not just shooting people's death as the black gangs historically. Well, look, There's a lot of reasons for that. I mean, I, in my, in my research, I couldn't help but sort of trace like the anthropological and historical basis for this extreme violence.


And we're back To the Aztecs, aren't we? Well, Of course. Yeah, of course, of course. Because you have to consider the fact that we've seen, so-called narco terrorists, narco empires many, many times since the seventies. Yeah. And yeah, they killed a lot of people, but they shot them or they used car bombs or basic kind of mafia style hits. Right. and that is also the case for the Italian mafia. And the Genovese sold heroin. They didn't behead anyone. And and that's the case for the triads. Exactly. It's the case for the Russians even. Yes. But in Mexico and in Central America, what we see is what I call cultural artivism.


And it's the notion that there are certain cultural traits and practices that survive the generations and are amalgamated into a new society. And Mexico is a very, I mean, it's a wonderful place in many, many ways. I agree. I love it. But it is a fusion of indigenous, you know, indigenous people and Spanish Catholics And European Right. And many of those traits from that survived the Aztec period. And I will tell you the, the level of brutality of the Aztecs is, is beyond belief.


Yes. They killed 200,000 people a year, at least in sacrifice. The Aztecs were so committed to human sacrifice. And not just sacrifice, but the, but the torture of living people unto death and Children, by the way. Of course. And, and not just the Aztecs, but the Maya and the Inca also that it does in the end, as much as you sort of hate the conquistadors 'cause they were brutal and all that, you root for the conquistadors with everything you have. Of course, I will tell you, the Aztecs worshiped a lightning and rain God called Lac. And when there were droughts, they would, they would sacrifice their children And. they believed that the tears of their children on the, let's say, walked up the steps of the pyramid to have their hearts ripped out, would be taken by the gods and transformed trans mortified into rain.


Yeah. So this is the culture. Yeah. You, you see This with, with in some Native American cultures in North America as well, where it's not simply a matter of killing people, but of prolonging their suffering Yes. As an offering to, to the spirit world. Well, the, the, so There's not a guess by the way, lots been written about this. The cartels emerge from this, from this kind of amalgamation culture. And they, they have ulcers, they have ulcers of, with human skulls and other kind of icons that are indigenous to Mesoamerica. There's even a cartel icon or idol I should say called Mte, which is Yes. you know, you see on a lot of cartel tattoos and so forth.


And you know, MS 13 is even more demonic, although that was born in California. I know. In Los Angeles. Yes. By the way, like it came from Los Angeles and El Salvador and destroyed El Salvador. Exactly. Yeah. So, but witchcraft is at the heart of this, and I I don't think that's incidental. It's not Animism. Yeah, That's right. Or exactly. But it's a religious cult as well as a business organization. Exactly. And, and that's why I feel it's so critical to understand this dynamic. It's not just a historically interesting facet, but the fact is that we have brought in millions, 12 million migrants, many of them coming from this, this triangle, right.


In Central America. And it's really important to understand what, who are these people? And especially let's say the 2 million got aways, which is often cited as the pure criminal element amongst the, the migrant in invasion. And because there was all migrants, you know, that are looking for, you know, economic benefits or whatever, they turn themselves into ice. And Tom Holman told me this directly, they turn themselves into ice. And under the Biden administration ice, as Holman put, it has been reduced to instead of enforcement changing diapers and making sandwiches.


But for those 2 million that evade ice, they are doing so, so that they are ne not put into the system And. they are pure gangsters and they're coming from cultures that display heads on bridges and skin people alive and boil people in acid. And this is part of their sport. And it's, and it is, it is seeping into California.


We've traveled to an awful lot of countries on this show to some free countries, the dwindling number and a lot of not very free countries, places famous for government censorship. And wherever we go, we use a virtual private network of VPN and we use Express VPN, we do it to access the free and open internet. But the interesting thing is, when we come back here to the United States, we still use Express VPN. Why Big tech surveillance? It's everywhere. It's not just North Korea that monitors every move, its citizens make No, that same thing happens right here in the United States and in Canada and Great Britain and around the world, internet providers can see every website you visit, did you know that they may even be required to keep your browsing history on file for years and then turn it over to federal authorities if asked. In the United States, internet providers are legally allowed to and regularly do sell your browsing history everywhere you go online, there is no privacy. Did you know that? Well, we did, and that's why we use Express VPN. And because we do, our internet provider never knows where we're going on the internet. They never hear it in the first place. That's because a hundred percent of our online activity is routed through express VPNs, secure encrypted servers. They hide our IP address. So data brokers cannot track us and sell our online activity on the black market. We have privacy express. VPN lets you connect to servers in 105 different countries. So basically You can go online, like you're anywhere in the world, no one can see you. This was the promise of the internet in the first place. Privacy and freedom. Those didn't seem like they were achievable, but now they are Express VPN, we cannot recommend it enough. It's also really easy to use whether or not you fully understand the technology behind it. You can use it on your phone, laptop, tablet, even your smart TVs. You press one button, just tap it and you're protected. You have privacy So. if you want online privacy and the freedom it bestows get it. You can go to our special link right here to get three extra months free of ExpressVPN, that's ExpressVPN dot com slash Tucker express EX P-R-E-S-S vpn.com/ Tucker for three extra months free.


So you said before I sidetracked you into a really interesting cul-de-sac Thank you for that, but that they're the single most powerful force in the state of California Mexican drug cartels. They insofar as that they control ultimately through proxies, the entire criminal economy of California. Amazing. Now there's another factor of this. So it Displaced, so black crime people fretted about for years is like not a thing Anymore. Well no, it went somewhere else, huh? They had to find other alternative revenue streams to other verticals. And what, what was the, what, what was the safest alternative? And also highly lucrative residential burglaries and retail theft.


So all of the retail theft that you see, that we see in, in the media of these, you know, Nordstrom's being Right looted. Yeah. By hoards of, of thieves. That's not just like incidental individual acts of like larceny, right? That is all organized by gangs. And the market for the, the resale the fencing is called for in California, maybe just even Los Angeles is like $10 billion. Nationwide. Retail thefts are a hundred billion dollars. Where's it resold?


It's resold through Fencers and eBay. Yeah, eBay, it's, you know, like pawn shops, like, but I think primarily on the internet or to, you know, even perhaps other companies for, for, you know, it's go, it's a, it's, it's, it passes through multiple layers, right? And, you know, so these fencing operations are extremely lucrative. So, so there's that angle to it and it's resulted in the emergence of trends within these kinds of burglaries called flocking or jugging or knock knock burglaries or follow home burglaries.


And basically it, it, it's, you know, flocking is a term that refers to penetrating like a safe neighborhood, blending into that neighborhood, targeting a particular person that they've perhaps through social media identified as potentially wealthy and then going on missions into these neighborhoods to to rob them, tie them up, home invasions, whatever. But what's quite interesting is that there are some gangs that have become so good at it that they now actually act as consultants to other gangs to teach them how to flock.


So what does that look like from the victim's perspective? Well, it could look like getting tied up. It could look like you, you're not home and everything's, you come home and everything's gone. A knock, knock, burglary. It is just like what it sounds like criminals will, you know, knock, knock on a door if someone's home, maybe they don't proceed with a, with a crime, but sometimes they do. And I can tell you a story that I heard that really truly shocked me. It took place also in Santa Monica, which is where I'm from, that there was a case of a, a single woman in her home, in, in a nice part of Santa Monica.


And a, these two guys, gangsters attempt to knock, knock on her And, they, the door and her dogs attack these guys so badly that they, the, the, the altercation moves into the street. And, they are wounded by the dogs. She calls the police, police show up and the gangsters claim that their dogs attacked them. And the cops called animal control and she moved out to Texas after that. That's crazy.


But it's also a, a kind of in miniature the bigger problem, which is in California, the state is on the side of the criminal against the Citizens. Well, so if I, if I can turn it to like a personal anecdote about a year ago, my home in Santa Monica, which it's an in fluent neighborhood, but like my house is for sure the, the most dilapidated on on the block it's been in my family, you know, through my great-grandparents, my brother and I lived there and own it. And in September of last year, we were subject to two home invasion robberies in a row.


Although I should say technically these are what's called a hot prow burglary. Which means that residents are in the, in the property when the burglary takes place, but don't necessarily confront the burglar if it, if they confront them, it's like a home invasion. So there's a little di distinction. Wait, There was someone home when the, My brother and I were home asleep in the house when, when the LER came in and through brazenly, through an, you know, and we were kind of naive 'cause we thought California, you know, Santa Monica is the greatest place in the world, right? So like, we had a, our alarm system was not, phone was not like on, and the back, you know, back patio door was unlocked.


So how he knew that, I don't know, but it was a well-lit house, you know, there's, there's houses on either side, signs indicating like alarm system. And yet that did not stop him. And so we woke up the next day, we, my brother was in the main house. We have a little casita kind of converted garage where I happened to be during, when this took place. And I came into the house and the door back door was wide open. And I went up to my room and my, my entire room was destroyed. Every, every valuable item I've ever had in my life was taken heirlooms from my grandparents, gifts from my parents for graduation.


Really just like, really like token memories, you know? And so it was pretty devastating. And we called the police San Monica police. They showed up 12 hours later. They said that when they finally came, that the delay was due to the fact that they're dealing with so many homeless overdoses. So they dust for fingerprints and say, yeah, this is gonna be, this is a serious crime and we will take it seriously. And don't worry. Well, the next night it happens again. The next night, the next night, yeah, the next night he dismantles a window in our dining room, which is also my office And.


he, he took whatever was left, which was nothing. There was nothing left. he can, he, I mean the guy would steal things like Easter eggs, like sunglasses, like a letter opener in addition to really valuable stuff. And I believe he came back a third night because I saw a car lurking in the middle of the night outside of our house. And I saw a figure in this vehicle that ultimately matched the description of, of the perpetrator who was caught about a month, about a month later. And the story behind this is, is I think really quite interesting and was the reason why I undertook the research that I've done.


Because the guy who did this to us was an illegal alien, a dreamer, actually an MS 13 gang member with a, a convicted felon who had done seven years in prison in California state prison for violent crimes. He was deported by Trump administration Homeland Security immediately after, after getting outta prison. In fact, he notes, I've, I read the whole police report of this in the course of like my trying to understand what took place. And it's, it's funny, he comments to the, to the cops during his interrogation that as soon as he was released from state prison ice immediately picked him up and deported him back to El Salvador immediately.


And while he was in El Salvador, he had his MS 13 face tattoo removed. And. he was in El Salvador for about a year or so, and then went back, then traveled to France. I don't, for some whatever reason, the guy had a back, his, his his day job was as a carpenter. And you know, actually his primary language was English. So I guess we can be thankful for that Thank you, Lindsey Graham and, and the dream act. But he, he sneaks back into the US in 2021, under, during the Biden wave of, of migration, And, he proceeds to go on a rampage.


He, he does have a kid too at this time. So we now have a US citizen to deal with. And he, he robs a dozen houses in the same manner all over LA County, but also in Ventura County. He robs the home of a judge, a very like, well-respected criminal judge who presided over the Michael Jackson death trial. It's funny, the police report notes that he took, the judge's small wristed seko watch. And just like the guy took anything and everything he took, you know, I saw the police reports And, he was taking wedding rings.


He took a Catholic rosary box. Like there was nothing that was above limits. He, he, you know, again, like he stole memories from people And. he did so callously and with impunity And, he was eventually arrested in Simi Valley, which is in Ventura County, which is tougher on crime overall than in LA County, but not by much. And when he was arrested by a, a joint task force in the middle of the day, he was in his vehicle with his wife and child in the backseat.


The police found on him a loaded, stolen Kimber handgun with Hallow point bullets. They found body armor, which by the way is a federal crime. 'cause he's a convicted felon. You cannot have body armor convicted felons of federal crime. They, he found, they found strange things like a bachelor's degree diploma from Armenia currency, foreign currency, knives. Like it went on and on and on. And like he was clearly, clearly a violent person. And when he was brought into interrogation, the officer assigned to him started by saying, Thank you for not opening fire on us.


We really appreciate that And. he said, don't thank me because I was planning on killing you and for sure, quote, going ericks on you, whatever that means. And taking my last stand, had it not been for the fact that my wife and kids were in the car, because he said, I'm never going back to jail. So fast forward to his, his arraignment in Ventura County. He's convicted on one count of one of these charges, actually maybe two counts. But in any event, he's sentenced to two years in jail and a $300 fine. And he'll probably serve less than that. $300 fine. Yeah. Did you get any of your stolen goods Back? No, no.


The the way I was notified was because he had my, my driver's license and credit cards. And so as part of the investigation And, they called all the other victims. They also relayed this information to Santa Monica police, Santa Monica police, despite the fact that they had a forensics team come in and swab and, you know, take this really seriously, like CSI style stuff. The assigned detective on my case has still a year, more, more than a year later, not even called me or attempted to interview me. They have no interest. And I've followed up many, many, many times. They just don't care. They don't care because there's no incentive to care because these crimes are considered property crimes in Los Angeles County.


Even, those You were asleep in your home when the guy with a history of violence enters your home with you In it. And if, if my brother had been awake and woken up, I think there's a high chance of a violent interaction that would've taken place. I mean, I'm sure he was, had a, had a gun or a weapon on him when he did this. There's no reason. There's absolutely no reason to doubt that. So it's a miracle actually that that, that we're okay. But I was so shocked by, by what happened. And, and of course after the second night, you just lose sense of like reality. Like how is this happening? Like this can't, am am am I being targeted? Like, and the cops really had no explanation for this.


I think that this guy thought we were an easy mark because it was, it's an old house. There's still a handicapped parking sign in front of the house, you know, it's a, from my grandparents' time. So he probably presumed there were old people living in the house, you know, and predators go for the week. And so I in attempt to try and like intellectualize and frame this experience, which still haunts us to this day. I mean, you never feel quite the same in the home. you know? And that's a terrible thing when like a home that's been in your family for almost like four generations is stained and violated.


It's almost feels like an assault, like a sexual assault even. Like, it's, it's a very, very strange feeling. I mean, burglaries gut you and, and it's made all the worse by the fact that victims are re-victimized by the justice system in California. And so as I started to talk to prosecutors and law enforcement, agent, law enforcement officers about how this could have happened, what is going on in the state? Is this common? Like how could it be common? I spoke to a, a very, very well respected victim's rights advocate and veteran deputy district attorney for LA County, a liberal by the way, named Kathleen Katy.


And in the course of my interview and telling this story, she said, what's, what's so important about your story is that it's so relatable. And I said, relatable. Like, how is this in any way relatable that an MS 13 gang member, convicted felon dreamer, illegal alien, could break into your house, brazenly two nights in a row, probably armed, threatened to kill police officers and get two years in prison. And this is relatable. So if that is the case, then the system is fundamentally broken.


And In fact, I would go so far as to say that the entire look civilization is based around the social contract and the, the, the tenants of the social contract is that we sa we we surrender certain freedoms to the government, to the state, which is supposed to have a monopoly on violence. And the state in turn provides protection to us from the anarchic state of nature as Hobbes put it. So right, and not just in turn, but in exchange for Yes, it's a transaction. It's a transaction. That's exactly, it's A transaction. We're we're buying safety and peace of mind in exchange for our money and some of our autonomy.


Exactly. And when and when, and that contract has been breached and broken in California. So At that point it's just, it's just theft. It's, It negate it, it negates the entire legitimacy of the government. Well, That's exactly right.


Well, how's this for crazy? Has there ever been a more volatile time in American politics? Not in our lifetimes. No one alive has ever seen anything like this. But long before things started to really fall apart, the Heritage Foundation saw it coming. Heritage has pulled together a coalition of over a hundred right groups to develop a comprehensive plan for day one. That would include detailed policy proposals on the most pressing issues, the big ones securing the border, controlling inflation, cracking down on election fraud, protecting the rights of the individual, and saving the nation from being crushed by woke anti-human ideology. The team at Heritage has also developed a plan to dismantle the deep state that keeps this nonsense going and reclaim this nation from the small group of technocrats that's broken everything. Heritage is also running a training and vetting program to identify effective conservatives to serve in the next presidential administration. People who will share your values this country's values and actually do the job. It can't just be the same pool of discredited people from Washington populating every administration. Heritage has a long headstart And, they put in a lot of work already, but they need your support to finish the job and to support the incoming president You can go to Heritage dot org slash Tucker and contribute to this important work today. A lot depends on it Heritage dot org slash Tucker.


So let me just now maybe a time to ask a question about like just the change in who lives in California. So I lived in LA as a kid. I think it wa it was overwhelmingly white the city and now it's overwhelmingly non-white. That's, it's not a racist statement to acknowledge that's a fact and as taken by the Department of Census every 10 years. And it's a massive change that it's an incredibly abrupt change. In fact, it's a bigger change than probably any civilization ever in history has experienced except during war, except during invasion. So like is that's a meaningful fact and how'd that happen?


Well, I'll give you a statistic. In the La la school district, L-A-U-S-D 195,000 students are English learners. There's 90 languages officially spoken in L-A-U-S-D, 27% of California is foreign born. Of the whole 27% Of the entire city is foreign born. Mind you, that doesn't mean like Chino first generation, which adds, probably makes a majority at that point. In two, in 1990 it was 20%, which is still high.


That was very much in because of the, of the Reagan amnesty from the eighties, 86. 86. But today it's 27%. And the national average, I think is like 13% something like that. Maybe, maybe a little higher. Much Higher now. Much higher now. 'cause they're illegal illegals, But yeah. But California is, by far, has the greatest foreign, you know, presence in the, in the state. And I think that, you know, the reason for this is that we, long ago, you know, and long before these laws that I've been discussing, and we'll discuss enacted policies that incentivized illegal aliens to come into the state because they would get welfare benefits, they would get basically right.


More rights than the citizens In fact. I will tell you that junior prosecutors I talked to for this re for this, this research say that under George Gascon, and, and this also is applied to other, you know, other jurisdictions including actually under KAMALA'S policies. But in LA County, illegal aliens who commit certain crimes are given special plea deals that would never, ever, ever be given to a US citizen for the specific PERS purpose of protecting them from ice. So to me, that's a due process violation.


So I Do think anybody who advocates for not just illegal immigration or mass immigration, but any immigration of any kind has to account first for California. Yeah. So here's the state in which it's been tried to the greatest possible extent, and it went from The best state to the worst state. Now maybe you could say immigration to nothing to do with that, but you can't say immigration didn't change California. And the fact is, California's become a much worse place to live. And the immigration numbers from California prove that 6 million have left California in the last 10 years. Okay. So these Are 27 million billion dollars in revenue. The sales losses results of that. Right. So these are not like opinions.


These, this is not, you know, crazed rightwing ideology. Yeah. These are just, these are just numbers about our biggest and most important state. Yeah. The biggest economy in the United States. So, or was It part of that also Tucker is the de-industrialization of California. For sure. There are lots of factors. I'm just saying if immigration is good, then well, how about you explain California before you impose any more of it on me. of course, Cal. Well, California is, is a warning not just to the nation, but to civilization. And what's the warning? The warning is that oligarchy is always at your doorstep and in reach.


And if it's not v vigilantly guarded against, it will consume you. It will terrorize you, it will control every aspect of your life and reduce you to a state of misery. Because California has now stratified between into something that, you know, I I, I think Victor Davis Hansen has very eloquently discussed that, you know, over the years, which is that California has actually regressed into some kind of political economy that is reflecting neo feudalism even where, where you have a very small, extremely rich, the, the, the, the the most powerful super rich in the world and an underclass of serfs and the middle class have left and are leaving more and more cost of living.


Other reasons. Deindustrialization, you know, the, the overall disintegration of the, of the state, which the elites are insulated from. of course they have private security Of course, and, and private schools or tutors Or everything. And so the, the aristocracy rules the state. And yet in California, because language is manipulated in almost Orwellian fashion, oligarchy has become to mean progressive. Yeah. Or, or quote democracy. Or Democracy. Right. I guess what, and I've heard Victor say that thing, and I've nodded along as he said it, and not to be picayune about it, but if I could just defend feudalism against what we sing in California right now, the idea of feudalism while repugnant to the American mind, in my mind, was still based on mutual need.


The guy who owned the property, the, the lord of, you know, of the manor, was dependent upon his serfs as they were dependent upon him. I mean, it was a symbiotic relationship for sure. Yeah. So if the serfs died, he became impoverished. Well, the symbiotic relationship here is that the serfs provide electoral hegemony For sure. But I guess what I'm saying is over time, a futile family had a built-in incentive to, at the bare minimum, make sure that their serves weren't dying of fentanyl ods. Oh, yeah. Whereas I don't see that happening in California.


Doesn't And they have no skin in the game. 2022 to 2023, there were 11,400 fentanyl over deaths the highest in the country In California. California. So, yeah, I guess they don't, maybe to put a finer point on it, the people who, whereas the, the, the Lord in feudalism needed the labor of the serfs, the lords of California do not need the labor course not Of their church because the, because the industries are service industries or they're tech And, they require a very, very small number of people to do exactly right. and that, that's part of the de-industrialization financialization of the state that which provided for middle class jobs and opportunity that is increasingly fleeting and fleeing in, in the state and especially in southern California.


And as a result of that, especially the exodus of aerospace and defense industries from the state, we have, you know, Republican voters have left and LA County, which used to be a Republican stronghold Yes. Became a blue stronghold. And at that point, California became a one party state. And one party states are, are characterized by corruption. Yes. Inefficiency. Psychosis, I would argue and all sorts of evils. And ultimately it's, it is the antithesis of democracy.


And of course, that is exactly what these people claim that they're defending democracy. Exclamation point. Yeah. No, the, the ironies are manifold. Can you just back up one moment? of course. I never thought about that. So you said one party states a bet corruption of course, inefficiency all true psychosis. Yeah. Why do you say that? Well, I think because of the laws that we've seen put into effect, the laws are, were so obviously going to engender criminality Yeah. Across the state. Yeah. Right. It, it's, it's like in in law, you know, in in torts, we, you know, the, the idea of negligence is the fore foreseeability of harm.


Right. and that is what really triggers a liability. But you knew this could happen, but you let it happen anyway. And, and so the, so California's government and, and frankly uneducated voters have inflicted a grievous tort upon the state. And I think that it is so reckless that to me it is psychotic. It is a form of psychotic sociopathic behavior. And certainly many of the people implementing these policies are raving psychopaths. A a a really impressive young deputy district attorney in Alameda County said to me, with respect to the kind of progressive DA of that, of that county named Pamela Price, that she's quote, a raging psychopath who wants to burn down civilization.


And I will tell you that every prosecutor that I spoke to, and I spoke to 10 over the course of 30 hours of interviews, and I also spoke to, you know, equal number of cops. But the, the one commonality that, that every single prosecutor I talked to you mentioned was that there seems to be a motivation by the true believers of burning the system down. They are jacobins, they're radical anarchists. They want to hurt you, they want to kill you. I mean, I'm going right to the spiritual explanation for that. But is there another, like, what, what could motivate that?


I mean, look, you know, if you're, if you're asking for, I mean, of course, like personal power, right? So like George Gascon is not parti, you know, it is been told to me by people who would know him that he's not particularly ideological. He was a, he was a, he was a lousy LAPD cop that apparently he was, everyone hated. He moved to Arizona at some point, got a a, a law, a law degree in an accredited, an unaccredited law school. And through the, you know, the machinations of as of the one party state, which of course elevates people based entirely on geo, you know, has this identity check mark been met or not.


Like Kamala is the avatar of that. But he ends up as district attorney of San Francisco and appointed by Gavin Newsom and mayor succeeding Kamala Harris And. he follows the money, you know, Steve Cooley puts this very eloquently. He follows the money, the Soros money down to LA to run, to run for, for, for debt a district attorney in 2020. And it just so happened that, you know, this was the, the perfect ripe opportunity given the riots of the George Floyd incident and the mood of the nation at the time, particularly in California, when the most radical policies and people could rise to positions that were, was otherwise un you know, unimaginable Gascon has, has absolutely decimated Los Angeles.


He has stacked his office with public defenders. He has, he has put in directive the first day of, of, of his tenure that include of course no cash bail, no enhancements, no, no juveniles tried at adult court, obviously no death penalty. And he, he has also, there's, this is particularly insidious. There is a parole committee called Jace, what, I forget exactly what that stands for. But basically it's an opportunity for victims to appear with their offenders who are up for parole and to make a statement, you know, one.


And then this committee will decide on whether or not to grant parole. And under gascon prosecutors, who typically would, as would accompany these victims for this, you know, frankly, an ordeal. They're, you know, seeing your perpetrator again is in a rape case, You can imagine what a trauma that is. Well, Gascon said prosecutors are no longer allowed to accompany victims. And In fact, what they are now, the victims are now required to do, is to write a persuasive essay submitted to the committee. And the committee is stacked entirely of public defenders.


Come on. Seriously, that's grotesque. Can I ask something that, that occurs as you're speaking about gascon? So you've said that all organized criminal activity in the state of California is run in effect by the Mexican drug cartels through prisons. And I've heard people mention that before. So let's just assume that's true. It sounds like it is true. You just wrote a book on it. How could Gascon not know that? I mean, Gascon, it's not clear what Gascon knows of anything. I, but I'm just saying, so in places where the, where drug cartels run things, which is a lot of Latin America, they also run the politics, Well, lemme put it this way, even more maybe relevant to the time that we're in.


I would say, how did Kamala Harris not know that? Because Kamala Harris as a, as a, as Attorney general of California in 2012, under the auspices of So-called budget cutting. Budget reform, eliminated a 100-year-old agency called the Bureau of Narcotic Enforcement. And it is widely held amongst law enforcement officers and, and on the prosecution side that this was a very important task force for fighting organized crime. And had been doing so since prohibition. And then it became a major force in disrupting narcotics trade in the state. She disbanded it. Well, 'cause she's for narcotics. She wants a drug addicted population.


The, obviously she, she does Whatever she's told. But I'm just saying like at, okay, these drug cartels are powerful because they're ruthless. They're a cult based on witchcraft, but they're also really rich. Of course they're, they're fortune 500 companies. Exactly. So at some point, like in Mexico, they're in control still because they've paid off all the politicians. Well, is that happening in California yet Not, it's not clear to me whether that that's happening to the extent I'm certainly as expressed by, you know, Tom Holman when I spoke to him, you know, he says that you, it's very hard to often to distinguish the Mexican elite from the Mexican drug cartels.


Like they, they, they're, this is a, there's an interwove woven nexus. of course. Yeah. And of course, like in parts of Mexico, the, the, they, the cartels exert actual like authority and governance over certain regions in The s madre. Yeah. For example. Right. But it's, it's not really clear to me if they're influencing politicians or, you know, through, you know, grift or, or, or through bribes or anything that I'm not, I'm not clear on that. Yeah, it may Be, well, it's just a matter if not, it's just a matter of time. But I'll tell you that the, a director of the LAPD union said to me that the cartels are increasingly committing ransom attacks in San Diego of high profile families.


And this is not getting reported Kid kidnapping as is so common in Latin America. Exactly. Yeah. They take him across the border and so special like security forces made up of X seals and whatnot, have to go into Mexico and extract them. This is now apparently rampant. It's insane. But it shouldn't surprise us. That's a fact of life in Mexico City. I mean, Human trafficking is also a very like, serious problem in the state. And it, it's of course more lucrative in some ways than the drugs because they can be used as over and over and over again as sex slaves. Right. So it's like, it's like a recurring revenue stream.


Although Fentanyl should not be under my, under, you know, underplayed in any way. Fentanyl produces like 200000% margin. Yeah. And fentanyl, according to the top, one of the top gang enforcement detectives in LA County based out of Compton ex special forces guy, black guy, incredible man. He said to me, fentanyl, it's so ubiquitous. It's like salt. And if you buy a pill off the street, it has fentanyl in it. And that's why, you know, In fact, it's so deadly and so dangerous that even the cartels are thinking that maybe we need to come up with something not quite as lethal because we're killing our customers.


Can I just ask, since you mentioned Compton, so Compton was the largest black population west of the Mississippi since the second World War? Not anymore. I was just there. It's Spanish speaking. So you've had, you know, the black population of huge parts of LA moved east into the inland empire, right. Murdered in huge numbers Yeah. By newcomers. And I've never heard, and Maxine Water supposedly represents Compton, though she doesn't live there. But I've never heard a single black politician in California mention the fact that illegal immigration has like, completely overturned life for a lot of black people in California. Not one time have I heard anybody say that. Why?


What About your corrupt pigs? Yeah. I mean obviously, but I, I, I think it's, I think it's due to the fact that the power is now the locus of power is with the newcomers. Of course. It Just, but so it's not in their interest to ever comment on these things. But if your Job is to represent your, your constituents or your people, as always, When have Democrats ever represented black people? Oh, fair, fair. I know. It's just, I'm, it, it's like shocking. This could happen and everyone's watching it, or people are paying attention or seeing it. Especially if you're from California, you're like, well, this is very different than from what it was 10 years ago. And nobody says A word. you know what's interesting? So in, in prison, the prison system, the, the black gangs, every, it's all obviously racially segregated, but the Black gang is called the Black Gorilla family.


And again, according to this gang enforcement specialist that I spoke to, he said like, well, for the Mexicans it's about money, money and power for the black guerrilla family. Their enemy is the government. And like they're political. And I was, and I thought to myself, well, at least they have an ethos. No, I agree. It's just interesting. you know, California state prisons are totally racially segregated. Yeah. In fact, they were ordered desegregated at one point, and then the prisoners complained, the black prisoners complained. 'cause when people were, there's so many that were getting killed. Yeah. I mean, look, the fact that this sort of level of criminality can exist within the prisons, it's such an indictment of, of the system overall.


I mean, it's a, it's a joke. And In fact, all these cops I talked to say the gangsters laugh at us. They have no fear of us. They do not fear the state. Then how are the prison guards the highest paid state employees in California? Because public sector unions have enormous power in Sacramento. But I mean, if, and I think that that was always true. Prison guards are always the highest paid. I mean, it's a dangerous job. Oh, I, I agree. I'm not, I, I know prison guards, I've always liked them. But on the other hand, if your job is to guard the prison and you're getting paid more than anybody else working for the state in California, and the gangs run the prisons, and that's like, there's something wrong with that. Look, Obviously there's enormous corruption such that phones are smuggled in a communication network obviously exists because how are you able to manage a criminal empire form within jail?


How are you able to order executions and hits within jail? So there, it's porous. But I think the bigger issue ultimately, and this is why I don't think it's the prison guard's fault, it's the state's fault. We, the gangsters do not fear the law. They do not fear the law. And, they, they commit crimes with impunity. They're committing increasingly gun crimes within com with impunity because gun enhancements, as we talked about, no longer apply in many cases. So gun violence has gone way up, like number of, I think gun victims in the last three years has shot up in LA County, like 63%.


It's, But you've got very strict gun control in this state. Exactly. Right. So How hard is it for you to own a gun in California? So, I, I don't own a gun. I, I should at this point, but I, I understand like it's quite, it's quite, you know, a, a difficult process. And a lot of the, the, the guns that the criminals are using are all stolen. They're, they're not like going to, you know, a sports shop and buying a, buying a rifle. You can Get a You can get a 12 gauge for like 400 bucks. Yeah. Mossberg. But like, like have You thought about that? I mean, I, I'd love like one of your like, beautiful hunting rifles. I think you're better off with a 12 gauge hard to miss in close quarters.


Yeah, Yeah. Easy to operate. Well, you know, actually they say, the cops say The best defense against these kinds of crimes is a, is a big dog. I have a cat. Yeah. I think, I think the cops lie a lot about guns. Yeah. Sorry. With respect to cops. Yeah. They don't want any competition. They wanna be the only armed people on the scene. Well, they're getting competition. Well, I'm very aware of that. Cops tend in general to be against an armed citizenry. I like cops, I always defend cops. But on this one question, you know, there are employees, they can keep their dumb opinions about guns to themselves, as far as I'm concerned. I agree. And you have a right to have a gun. And, and I, I have a lot of dogs. I love dogs. But a 12 gauge is more effective than a dog.


I'm just telling you that. Oh, For sure. Yeah, For sure. I will tell you, you know, on the cop issue, another factor of this story is the erosion of the quality of cops. Yeah. So what about the, who'd be a cop in la? Well, Right now we're recruiting daca, you know, illegal aliens into the LAPD actually yes. There's been five so far and a scandal actually. Illegal Aliens. Yeah. They're not allowed to own firearms. Right. They, they cannot have a firearm when they're off duty. You're, you have illegal alien cops. Yes. So if we import 7 million military age men into the United States illegally, which the Biden administration has done, it does raise the obvious question.


What is this exactly? Is this a mercenary army for the ruling class? It certainly seems like one. Yeah. And if they're making them cops, then it kind of, well, Let, let me tell you a, a a a story that's not been reported. It's a coverup. And it was conveyed to me by a senior director of the LAPD Union. It's called the LA Police Protective League. And this is also a, a 25 plus year veteran of the LAPD and the detective, it's both his daughters are in the LAPD. It's like he, he is as plugged into this world as anyone. In fact, he said to me in our, in our interview, he says, I tell everyone, don't come to la, we cannot protect you.


But on the DACA issue, apparently in February of, of, yeah, this last February, a off-duty, LAPD detective encountered two members of the Sorano Gang, which is a very violent, powerful Latino gang in Southern California. They were attempting to rob his steel's car. So there was an exchange of gunfire, and the gangsters got away in a, in a, in their getaway car. They were, they were apprehended the next day. And it turns out that the car was registered to a DACA cadet in the LAPD And the LAPD quietly shuffled her either out of the program or just covered it up entirely.


But the LA Times did report on this incident. Wait, so they're hiring illegal female illegal aliens with gang To be caught with Gang ties with. So at that point, it's just, they're, I mean, it, it's not a legitimate go. I mean, at that point you're just like, you're begging to be overthrown. of course. Right. of course. Do you know how, I mean, They have no legitimacy. All Cops are increasingly finding alternative revenue streams about becoming private security officers for the elite. And a lot of the officers that I've talked to are doing that because it's so lucrative. California has the highest pay rates for, for private security and the highest demand for private security in the nation.


And In fact, like I, I'll just tell you, and it's, it's, it's, this is a difficult thing to substantiate for a vari variety of reasons. But I think it's, it's interesting, which is that I heard from, you know, this, this LA county sheriff former, like major crimes bureau lead and now in private security that it, he, he believed it was quite, you know, well known, but quietly known in, in the secure private security industry that the George Soros or, or his proxies were investing significantly in private security businesses. This was also confirmed to me by a former head of federal security for LAX and one of the top traders on Wall Street.


So, you know, again, George Soros is portfolio and transactions are are private, it's a family office. We really don't know where the investments are going. But I think it's, it's quite, it's quite striking to think that there may be other incentives beyond simply undermining the law for some kind of sake of, you know, creating a new, a new world like dystopia, of course. But nevertheless, I don't think a traitor, a a a financial traitor, maybe one of the greatest in the world stops becoming a traitor.


Right. No. The worship of money is a disease and it's, yeah. So I guess you go back just Sure. A couple minutes. of course. So you said that Kamala Harris dismantled the anti-narcotics task force that had been around since prohibition. I'm wondering though, she has bragged publicly about dismantling the cartels. That doesn't seem like the behavior of someone who's dismantling cartels. How could she dismantle the cartels? I just, I just explained that the cartels run the state, Right? That's right. So when she says that, I mean, there's no truth in that at all. There's No truth in anything that she says. I mean, she is a, she is the avatar of moral bankruptcy that represents the state of California.


Yeah. Hallow superficial, stupid sociopathic. And I will tell you, everyone that I know who Democrats who have worked with her, including like a very elite consulting firm that tried to manage her campaign at one point, they say that she is lazy. Steve Cooley also says that, by the way, she's a lazy prosecutor and she is vicious. And when she doesn't do her homework and gets caught in, you know, word salads, because she doesn't know what she's talking about, she then lashes out on her staff. So she's kind of like a even dumber version of Hillary Clinton. And I think fortunately, like she's so inept that the country is starting to see that.


I pray to God because if, if Kamala Harris rises to the level of the presidency, we now have basically exported California Nash nationwide. And, and I'm, and as I told you, and it's the name of my book, it is called Failed State, A Portrait of California and The Twilight of Empire. I can't think of a sadder title or a more accurate one. And I just refer back to my own childhood in that state. I mean, the distressing thing is, it's not like wrecking, you know, I don't know. I don't wanna be mean, but I can think of a couple states that, you know, whatever, who cares? California was the greatest place on planet Earth. of course. Yeah. So, But you know what's interesting about Kamala?


She actually did go after, you know, drug crimes, but she went after people who were smoking weed. Yeah. The easy ones. The easy ones, right. A lot of black people. Yeah. But she did not go after the cartels bringing in the drugs. No, of course not. No. So let's talk for a minute about who runs California. So you're from Southern California, as am I I spent most of my childhood in Southern California, which was, you know, by far the most dynamic, prosperous part of the state by far. For sure. You had aerospace, you had some ag, obviously tourism, and then you had the creative industries, the movie business, the record business. Yeah. Both headquartered there.


It's all gone except the ag. Yeah. But that's not the part of the state that runs everything. No, no. And it hasn't for some time. We haven't really had a true Republican governor since like the mid nineties with Pete Wilson. Yep. Pete Wilson put forward a, a very, very famous proposition called 180 7, which is vote supported by voters by over 60%. And it effectively was to restrict any sort of social services except like non-emergency. So we still, you know, allowed that to illegal aliens and you can't Reward people who are here illegally with your money, so.


Right, exactly. So we've, we went from that to, let's say a, like, I think a month or so ago this, the legislature put forward a bill that would give illegal aliens preferential mortgages. Gavin Newsom, to his credit, vetoed that Preferential mortgages. They were, they were very sweetheart deals. Like, can I just say, because I can't contain my resentment. So ever since Prop 180 7 passed, and that was invalidated by a judge, 'cause it's a democracy where some judge gets to correct, you know, override the will of people. It's also fake. But ever since then, a certain kind of Republican consultant, and that would be the dumbest people I've ever met.


And I'm speaking specifically of Frank Lz, the guy with the hairpiece. Oh God. But there could be many others. Yeah. They've lectured Republicans about how 180 7 lost California, who was a Republican. No, I know. It's a such a lie. But it's a Republican state and Prop 180 7, which deny welfare benefits to illegal aliens. That was hate. Yeah. That was racism. Right. Republican consultants and guys like Mitch McConnell and all the dumb people in the party bought that. Well, and of course because they're funded by the Koch brothers, and the Koch brothers want to bring in cheap, illegal alien labor. Yeah. Simple as that. I mean, I think it was Lenon said that the, the capitalists will sell you the rope that we'll use to hang you. of course. That's right. So, sorry, I just can't, but, but back To your question, we Forget how reasonable that is.


It's not, oh, It's beyond reasonable. And California used to be a reasonable, safe, secure state with really tough laws that put gangsters away. And, and, and following the three strikes law and other reforms that came at the late nineties and into the early two thousands, between 2000 and 2010 roughly, it was a pretty damn good place. Like Steve Cooley in Los Angeles, you know, cleaned up a lot of the mess. Even his predecessor, Jackie Lacey did a, did a relatively good job, although she was chased out of office by BL, she's black. She was chased out of office by and literally harass her home by BLM activists.


'cause she was not, you know, in line with their anti-police, anti incarceration agenda enough. And so we then have George Gascon who received $2 million from George Soros. That was enough. It was for a DA race that actually was extraordinary amount of money. It's interesting because Soros played Moneyball with these DA races all over the country because he realized that the district attorneys have enormous power because they can set policy about what crimes are gonna be prosecuted, which are not some of these other directives that I mentioned earlier about cash bail and and so forth.


Although George Sores actively, excuse me, George Hasan is actively in violation of state law and just operates, you know, n nonetheless. But Soros understood that with a few million bucks you could change a DA race. Why would you want to, why would Soros, who's a foreigner, I beg your pardon, from Hungary, not from here. Why would you wanna wreck someone else's country? I don't understand that. Well, Soros das have jurisdiction over like 75 million Americans. Like, it's crazy. But What's the motive? Like why would you want your George Soros who grew up in war torn Europe, then you go to England, you help destroy their economy.


Right. Which he did. And then you come to the United States, which is like the nicest country in the history of the world, and you decide you want to take your ill-gotten gains and use those funds to wreck someone else's country. Like what is, what's the motive here, here? I talked to a lot of people about this and you know, I initially, again, I didn't want to even go down the Soros, you know, rabbit hole because I Oh, you're not allowed. You're not allowed. But also, like, I, it's cliche at this point. It is cliche. I agree. But, but the fact is that it's real. It's real. And it begs the question of why is it simply he is a anarchic, you know, anarchist.


Is he a financial terrorist? I would say yes. But what is the motivation? I I I, I think, again, you know, it, I do not believe a a a world class arbitra, you know, arbitrager traitor ever kind of leaves that mindset. There's always, it's always money that motivates. So I think it is, it's, you know, again, this is entirely speculation, but I would be very interested to see what is the portfolio of the family office of George Soros? Is it real estate? Because certainly the crimes surge in cities like San Francisco and Los Angeles have depressed real estate in these downtown districts dramatically by 25% at least.


And insurance premiums have gone way up. So is there a, is there a trade there? Maybe? I don't know. But as I said, there's a, you know, there's people that I, I trust and who would be in a position to know that indicate that there is potentially other motivating factors, at least with respect to Soros. So that being said, you know, it's Just crazy how little defense, the United States has, like, we don't have moral defenses. We build this amazing thing, amazing greatest thing that's ever been built by any people in all of history. And then a few, I don't know, evil figures like Soros roll in.


And we're totally incapable of saying, Hey, foreigner, go away. Right. You're not allowed to do that. Right. You can't do that to us. And by the way, we'll like execute you if you try to do that. Well, I mean, a normal society would say, you know, we built this, you can't wreck it. But we're totally incapable of doing That. A normal society Okay. Would have, and given the kind of violent criminals that are endemic in California and that run prisons, right. And commit murders in prison, literally against guards, even a normal prison, I think would have capital punishment applied to these prisoners, you know, in the prison yard hangings. Right. Something, whatever it takes to bring fear of the law and of the state to those who fear only the justice of the Mexican mafia.


That is, that is who they fear when they go to prison. It's not the state, It's a Joe then, then the Mexican mafia is the state then In effect. In effect. Yeah. I mean, it's the final word. I I if if it is actually Yeah, yeah. They're the final arbiters. Yeah, they're the final arbiters. So then, then they're above the state. Yeah. They're So, I'm sorry I keep interrupting you. Just 'cause it's, that's an emotional subject. I think it's a Really important subject. It is an emotional subject. Subject. It's really, it's really, really upsetting. Well Used to live There. Yeah. Yeah. It's deeply upsetting to see your home vandalize and, you know, just literally my home, but just my, my, my hometown.


Yep. But you are saying that Los Angeles is not where the decisions are made. Where are the decisions made in California? The decisions are, the locus of power in California is centers around a very elite and small milieu in San Francisco, largely around an area called Pacific Heights. Ah, That's where I'm from. Oh, Nice. Yeah. Originally. Oh, that's so funny. Pacific Pacific Heights is the center of evil, huh? Well, and Pretty neighborhood though. Well, San Francisco is one of the most beautiful cities Yeah. In the world. It used to be, you know, like much of California. But in any event, the oligarchy that has been really in, in place for almost a hundred years, starting with the Getty's involvement with the Newsom family and the Newsom's family involvement with Jerry Brown goes back to the 1940s and fifties.


And the scions of each of these, these dynasties all, you know, inter intermarried, they were into business together. Gavin Newsom's first, you know, big kind of, you know, entrance into the scene was forming a restaurant group called Plump Jack, which he, which was seated by the Getty family and was also co-founded with Billy Getty, who is the son of Gordon Getty, who is the son of j Paul Getty. And the Eddys have funded Gavin's entire political career. And, they have made that possible. And the, the, the winery and restaurant group, the success of that became a launching board into San Francisco City politics.


I think he was on the board of supervisors and then became mayor. And, but always there was this, this commonality and nexus between Pelosi's family, Pelosi's husband, the Gettys, the Browns, and the Newsom's. So they're the old money elite that have been running the state for mo you know, on or off since the 1940s. I mean, of course there been Republican governors here, And there. And it used to be, as we've talked about, like a a a sort of moderate state, you know, sometimes devoted for Democrats, sometimes for Republican, usually a voted for Republican candidates, presidential candidates.


The last one was George HW Bush. But you know, the, the, the, the accumulation of power amongst this circle really took hold after these changes that, that we've talked about in southern California. The de-industrialization of Southern California, the, the exodus of at least 6 million middle class Californians in the last decade. And, and the, and the aerospace and defense leaving, leaving southern California. So la then became a democrat, a stronghold when it was once a Republican stronghold and power shifted to San Francisco.


And the other reason power shifted to San Francisco is because of the presence of tech. Big tech. Yeah. Big tech is the new money and the new money interweaves with the old money through VC investments and private placements and other sorts of, you know, kind of social circles and bohemian grove, like you name it. And so we then have a power structure of an industry that, that is made up of very few people, a lot of foreigners by the way, of course. And the, these kind of dynastic, almost like ancient aristocrats in their, in the manner of patron client relationships that define this paradigm.


And And, they have, you know, formed an enormous, let's say, power block with tech. And, and through that connection, California has been ruled by this oligarchy and continues to, But it's just weird in the physical effects. I mean, my mom's family got to California in the 1850s from Maine to find their, you know, fortune And. they did. And so I've sort of gone there, my whole life was born there and it was, you know, I thought a nice city liberal in some ways, very traditional in other ways, but kind of the same like the city that saw the least amount of change.


And then after, during the tech boom, 99, 98, 99, all this money came in, not just the South Bay Yeah. Renamed Silicon Valley, but into the city, particularly after 2000. And I thought, well, okay, San Francisco's really rich now. Yeah. It'll get better. Right. It Was, it was pretty nice, I thought. But it will get better the richer the city got, the dirtier it got, the more dangerous it got, the more chaotic it became. Yeah. The money made it way poorer. Yeah. It's, it's, What is That? It's a paradox. And it's very interesting. Well, It's bizarre when Twitter moved its head. 'cause there were, you know, all tech was again south of the city. But then when the tech comes, started moving into city, like, oh, it's this beautiful city.


It's our cape town. And then it became like such a rich city, richest city in the United States, it instantly became dirty. Well, like, what Is that? That this is happening in southern California too. So in Venice, California. Yeah. Google has, has established a big office. And Venice is marred by just tragic levels of homelessness that are shocking. Shocking. And sites that I, I had only seen when traveling like to, you know, the poorest parts of Guatemala, maybe worse in some ways. But right around the corner from the Google office in Venice is a, let's call it a shanty town.


A favela even maybe, but tent after tent after tent, and right next to Google. It's a fascinating dichotomy. And I was told by a someone who would know in the private security sector, and a former former cop that he has observed, 'cause he has done work for Google, that gang members, local gangs extract tribute from each homeless tent every single day, 20 to $50 a day. And this is happening. He claims across the city there's 75,000 homeless in Los Angeles.


And if they cannot meet the tribute, they are forced to sell drugs or other crimes. And by the way, thanks to, I believe this was a, a newsom policy, cops require have to get search warrants to enter any tents. So the tents have become dezens of, of dens rather of murder, of rape, of drug, the worst kind of drug trade and other forms of depravity that shock the senses. And it's right next to Google. Right next to Google. Yeah. So I don't, I don't know, I think obviously I'm too simple to understand the modern world, but I always thought that the problem was poverty and that people committed crimes 'cause they were poor.


And the richer your society became the safer and more orderly it became. But the exact opposite has been true. And it makes you wonder like, is there some evil emanating from these tech companies? Answer, obviously Yes. That inspires chaos, depravity crime, violence and filth. Well, I, I I think that the answer is, is also structural economic because tech is not based upon employing vast numbers of people. It's Right, right. It's, it's not productive labor. Of course. No, I get it. I mean it's like not nine guys from India writing code. I get it. Exactly. And so when, when, when that becomes the dominant economic power in the state and, and manufacturing leaves the state and there's where do the, where, where do people, where do the poor, poor working class people turn to?


Okay, But so, but here's The, and housing crisis is, is also Problem. I get it. Yeah. I mean, it, it drops the value of labor to zero. So for the Rich people, just to re reply to your point about it's getting richer and yet worse. Yeah. It's getting richer. And, but the areas where the rich people live like Atherton are looking real nice these days. It was just in Atherton Atherton's, great. Atherton Malibu's great. There are pockets of Yeah, I think Malibu still is great. Yeah, It is. It's so far away. Yeah. you know, that it can be great. But, but I wonder if the city of San Francisco, though is such a great example of the failure of leadership. Definitely. And the failure of the ruling class to be vested in the society from which they're taking their riches.


In a normal society, the rich people would say, Hey, I live here, my kids live here. You can't do that shit. You know, Get off the sidewalk. We're gonna pay, we're gonna make the San Francisco Police Department the most efficient and highly endowed police department in the world. Were gonna have no crime. Exactly. The Saudis did that. Why can't, why don't the tech barons Do that? Well, because we became a one party state. Right. So when Steve Cooley was d da of Los Angeles, you know, he was not about politics. It the In fact, he says the, the, the job of a DA is not to Im, you know, kind of bring politics into the, into the administration of justice.


It is to go after bad guys and prosecute bad guys and send them away and make the city safer. Yeah. Using the laws. Right, the elected legislators. Right. And, and In fact at a local, you know, thi this was also the case even in San Francisco back in like the two thousands and the predecessor to Kamala Harris, a guy named Hallahan who, Terrence Hallahan. Yeah, Right. And. he, he was a liberal, but also like one with a, a sense of like, duty to do the job. But I think what happened is sometime around, like, again, around the two thou, late two thousands, when Gavin Newsom and Kamala Harris really came into, into their, you know, into their, to their power structures and it, especially San Francisco, it became not about let's make this city better, let's make this safer.


It's about how do I get my next promotion, You know, term limits in California were, which I supported, were supposed to fix all this And, they seemed to have made it worse. Do you understand what, again, this is one of those paradoxes that I don't fully understand. I've just noticed. I don't know. I mean, I, but they didn't work. I think we could say that. Right? I mean, clearly it's clearly something's not working Right. Again. Yeah. Could You remember that? Maybe you don't remember, but maybe you're too young. But like Truman came to California and you were like, okay, this is gonna make legislators more, much more responsive. They can't live forever in these dumb jobs.


But it seems like they have lived forever in these dumb jobs. They've just traded up jobs. They just keep moving around. you Know, I've also heard it's compared to like the fact that we have a full-time legislature versus Texas. Yeah. That has a part-time legislator. and that has a moderating effect. Sure. I think, I think that's like a good analog for comparison. I mean, Sacramento is out of control. We, there're super majorities, democratic super majorities in both houses. There's not a single Republican at any, any administrative, you know, le officer level position in the state. I think the last one was maybe insurance commissioner, right.


And, there Are no statewide Republicans correct. Office holders. That's right. Yeah. There haven't been for years. And the minority republican minority is so small in the legislature, legislative bodies that they're Irrelevant. And, and our Republicans are weak. I mean, Meg Whitman was pathetic. She ran, she spent $150 million of her own money to run for governor in 2010. And she lost overwhelmingly to Jerry Brown. Yeah. I, I went to a, I went to her house in Atherton. Speaking of Atherton at that time, what is it? You would think that the Republican off soldiers in the state, the few who remain would be even clearer eyed and more resolute, but they seemed even more cued Oh.


Than they were. Yes, I would say so. I would say so. I mean, the California Republican Party basically doesn't exist. If you want to run as a, as as you cannot run as a Republican. I mean, for instance, Rick Caruso ran for mayor recently. He was, you know, well-known Republican, but he had to Switch in Los Angeles in Los Angeles against Karen Bass. Yeah. Against Karen Bass. And he switched to the Democrats party for, to facilitate, you know, the, the run and give him a chance. He still lost. And there's, has Karen Bass been a pretty great mayor?


I mean this, the board of supervisors in LA have, you know, a lot more power in some ways than the, than than the mayor itself. you know, it's kind of, it's the mayor of Los Angeles does not have the power of like the mayor of New York City. But, you know, I mean, Karen Bass did what she, she she has done the job she was tasked for, which is to have a black woman as mayor and fulfill an identity politics quota, in my opinion. Is Gavin Newsom, who survived a recall effort pretty serious, looked like pretty serious recall effort, at least two terms now governor.


Mm. Is he popular? You know, I'm nots I haven't seen like any, any recent like polling on that. Have You ever been at dinner and heard someone say, man, I'm just glad Gavin Newsom runs our state. No. No. So in a one party state, it doesn't really matter. Like everyone's bnv at a certain point it doesn't really matter. Exactly, Yeah. Whether people like what they're getting, they're getting it. Yeah. Yeah. The only thing that matters is the Democratic primary. of course, And, there is like ene divisions within the party, just like in China. Oh, big time. Right. And In fact, it's kind of interesting that, you know, Gavin is not like on the hard left of the Democratic party in California.


I I actually in some ways think he's probably much more reasonable and moderate than, than he, you know, has portrayed himself to be I I can, as someone who knows him. I can confirm that. Yeah, that is true. Yeah. Yeah. He's, Gavin Newsom is, I, I think responsible in large part for what's happening in California. There's no excuse for that. He'll be held, you know, he'll be held accountable for that on some level in some life. However, just in point of fact, he is not some crazy left winger. No, look, I'll be honest with you. I like him personally. Yeah. Everyone does. Yeah. Yeah. I really do. And I, I, I really wish, you know, he was a phenomenal governor.


I think, you know, if, if we do have to live in a one party state, at least our leaders should be, you know, really competent within the machine. And I think he had a lot of potential and certainly, you know, but, but he's also a slave and captured by, by this movement and this, this leftism that has, has, has cast this pal over California. He's Weak inside. There's no doubt. Yeah. So can I ask like what the, there are still very powerful business interests, mostly the people making ai planning our enslavement. Why don't those people get together and just like pay for a good government?


Well, I will tell you that I have heard, at least from folks in the VC world, that there is a lot of quiet support even in this cycle for, for Trump. Well, that's true. There is and there's some loud support. Yeah. I mean, mark Andreessen, who's the biggest VC in the state Yeah. Has come out for Trump publicly, so that's good. Yeah. But I just mean within the state of California, why don't they get, as long as you're gonna have a corrupt one party state, as long as it's gonna be Guatemala. Okay, fine. That's what we are Now why don't the oligarchs get together and just say, well, we're at least gonna have we're don't know nice roads and functional schools and your daughter's not gonna get raped on the way to CVS.


Like why not just do that? I think it's not, it's because it's because these nobles do not have no blazo bleach. Now we're cooking with gas. That's exact. Okay. Can you expand on that? Yeah. So, so the idea, you know, for societies that are stratified by class and where there's especially, you know, an aristocracy that has a political, you know, hegemony as well as social power. There was a sense I think in, in those kind of societies in the past, even, even frankly, you know, within the United States, that there were certain responsibilities as a noble to your, your county, to your, to your city, to your, to your, you know, land and so forth.


To your nation. To your Nation of course. But today we have a situation where there's a disconnect from that. And it's entirely about the self and it's nihilism. Of course, they all wear t-shirts and live on boats. Right. They're totally disconnected. They're, they're completely removed from the, the bad schools, from the bad roads, from the crime. They have private police force, basically. Yeah. Because they're not Christians. That's the actual difference. Yeah. They're not Christian, they're not not believing Christians. And a believing Christian feels a sense of obligation to the poor and the people over whom he exerts authority to the people below him.


I mean, that's just part of the religion. Well, right. So like when we talk about neo feudalism and, and maybe how that's not a perfect analog. I I would add in support of your approach is well, at least in feudalism, they believed in God. Well and that had certain obligations Actually you structured the entire society. Right? Well, this is a separate conversation. Yeah. But I was probably 40 years old before I'm interested in history. I realized that the thousand years between the fall of Rome and the Renaissance were referred to as quote the Dark Ages. And there's sort of very little conversation about that among people who specialize in European history. And it's like, why, why are we dismissing a thousand year period as the dark ages? Because actually it wasn't that dark. Mm. 'cause actually these were not societies built on, you know, debt slavery.


These were societies built on Christianity. And that's kind of why they've been dismissed as, as dark and unworthy of further study or, you know, conversation. We have nothing to learn from the dark ages. And that's all like a huge lie. Yeah. Actually they had a much more enlightened ruling class than we have. I I would say that, you know, if, if you're gonna make historical comparisons to like, let's say are we in a new dark age, you could argue that, you know, the dark, the so-called Dark Ages was characterized by a separation from he hellenism and classical. Yep. I ideas and, and literacy.


Right. And so I think you could argue frankly that modern America, and actually modern society as a whole, and this is especially true in California, is also disconnected from its history. It is forgetting its history purposefully. Oh, I know. And We're also becoming, ironically we're, we're, we're, we are subject to more information than we can absorb. And so we absorb nothing. And maybe that's a kind of new illiteracy. I think that's exactly right. And I think good weather plays a huge role in this places with really good weather. You see this on Australia as well, allow people to sort of drift along in a state of content.


Numbness. Yeah. And, they don't ever, they're sort of content with, you know, an ever declining standard of living and an ever shrinking basket of freedoms at this point in California, you have the right to have an abortion. That's kind of your only Right And. they just, they're so, 'cause it's 75 and sunny, they don't complain. you know what I mean? Whereas in say, Romania Yeah, they might, they might complain. Yeah. It, it, you know, it'll be very interesting to see if they're ever, if things get so bad that it catalyzes action by the voters. One of these prosecutors I talked to, to from Alameda counties, we were discussing the broader implications of how we got to the place that we did.


And she says, she said to me, she said, I blame you. And I said, what? I said, I blame. And when she said, I, you, I mean the uneducated voter, right? The, the voters that are, are susceptible to the marketing gimmicks of our le of our politicians that reframe legalizing theft as safe neighborhoods and schools act. And this kind of complacency has resulted, you know, in, in a significant way to the, to the degradation of the state. Well it's Just, look, we're, this is just a dot on a continuum.


This is a moment in time and all, every bad thing that you described has been made possible by liberal whites. Yes. And, they bad their decadent attitudes. And California's a Latin American country basically now with some recognizable Latin America country problems like rule by cartel and corrupt politics in the rest one party state. But at some point it's gonna be characterized by another feature of Latin American society, which is fascist interludes, where you're gonna have like a military junta or some strongman take over California and all these new immigrants, they're not rich white liberals actually, they probably don't think theft should be legal. Right. And you're gonna get some caio in charge of that state.


He's gonna put an end all this nonsense. you know, And maybe that would not be so bad. I mean, it's preferable to what we have now. I mean, would you rather have Gavin Newsom class or Boo Kelly or Boo Kelly? Exactly. Right. That's a, that's not a hard choice. Exactly. It's Not a hard choice. So that's very different from the state that you and I grew up in. Completely different. Which was a basically an egalitarian state or even rich people. Like I grew up in a rich part of the state and we didn't feel like we were a class apart, that everyone else was a surf. you know what I mean? I didn't drive through the Central Valley feeling like I have nothing in common with these people. I felt like, well they're Californians just like me. That's over. You know, I wanted to mention something, But we're in, don't you think we're in the chaotic middle period between one system and a new System?


Oh yes, for sure. In fact, Victor Davis Hansen. Right. Victor Davis Hansen, who was very kind in helping me with some of the research for my book, made some incredible insights on the comparison of the late Roman Empire. Really the period between 3 76 AD and 4 76 ad and what we're experiencing now in California and that period. Can I just say Yeah, it's so Thank you for saying that because the fifth century is when we think of the end of Rome. Right. but we forget that there was at least a century preceding that where it was like on the way to the fall. of course. Yeah.


Right. And, and it was characterized by things that are eerily similar to what we're seeing in California. So of course there is the erosion of borders, there is the influx of, of migrants about, I think like one or 2 million from Germanic and Huns into Rome, not assimilated breakdown of law at the county levels. A disconnect from the capitol and A lot of those immigrants in Rome went into law enforcement, went into the legions. That's right. That's right. Yeah. And And, there was also cultural factors where the elite were, Hansen calls this, it was called Luxus.


And it was this notion that, that the elite at that time were embracing decadence cult religions. Oh yeah. Hello trans. Right, of course. And, and other sort of values that were antithetical to the Marshall values that built the Roman, the Roman Republic and The Roman Empire, Jack Narcissism and Carmela Harris, whatever the hell she's calling herself now, is just the, is the poster girl for that. She is the personification of everything that is bad about California. And it's not because she did all that awful of things. I get it in California, I get it.


She actually doesn't have that much of a track record Right. In California. But that's the point, isn't it? She is a, she is just a husk. She is a face. Yeah. And she's the right face that qualified for, you know, hit the, the, the, the, you know, the quotas that are, are necessary in California to advance. And therefore we see in her this shell of a person Always talking about herself. of Course. That's all she, she, it's the only thing she thinks about. Right. But it's always the, you Know, her book's called Smart Crime. No. Can you please use air quotes around the word book?


Yeah, yeah. Well it was actually, it was ghost written. of course. You think? And, and, and, and, and, and plagiarized Both ghost written and plagiarized. So even her ghost writer was lazy. Yeah. Amazing. No, but it's so, it's so perfect. It's just this, it's Vesuvius of Banalities about herself and yeah. Me, me, me, I this, I that. It's like, you know, if you're gonna talk about yourself, there should be some requirement to be interesting. Yeah, Yeah. But it's never interesting. Yeah. do you know what I mean? It's always whining about microaggressions and I, I, you know, freedom and all. It's just like, it's so banal.


You can just barely stand it. I would rather have an interesting dictator. Yeah. you know, The, the chapter of my book on her, I, I call the banal of evil. Yeah. Well, it's Perfect. And it's the sense that these, like these actions or inactions rather over time, that seem incremental lead to outcomes that actually produce incredible evil and violence. Oh, exactly. And though she is not pulling the trigger. Right. She's not even passing some of the laws I, I hope I can get to, which are even more insane than what I've already told you.


But she nevertheless is part of this machine, and she's also tied to the Gettys, by the way, just incidentally, they all, they all are Pelosis, Geddes, Newsom browns. Like it's all the same Willie Brown too. of course. And so there's nothing there, there are no accomplishments to speak of. And this nothing changed when she was vice president. No. But this is what happens when girls become dictators, right. Is they kill, they they build nothing. They create nothing. You don't even get like big pretty buildings out of it. And then they kill you by passive aggression Ex. Exactly. Yeah, exactly. No, this is, I'd much rather, yeah. I, not to make a gender thing out of it, but if we're gonna have a dictator, at least, you know, he should be wearing a cape.


Yeah. And, you know, building a, you know, a coliseum or something, I don't know. They can't even build light rail and that, I'm trying not to use the F word in that darn state. So, okay, Let's Get to the loss. Yeah. I, I'm, I've gotta stop. So, so Sidetrack. So after Prop 57, 2016 that passes, we, we jump ahead to 2020 where I think it, everything broke down across the world, but especially in the United States and especially in California. And as a result of the George Floyd riots, which by the way, all of the law enforcement officers I've talked to who were there and were there for the 1992 riots, say these two cannot even be closely compared gangsters in LA during the George Floyd riots were laughing their asses off because they didn't give a, excuse me, a shit about George Floyd at all.


They, everyone knew he was just a, Some armed Robert rides with Fentanyl ad. Exactly. And. they need a revolution. Okay. Exactly. And oh, by the way, the guy who robbed us on the, his police report, it says, like any drugs, are you on any drugs? And, he writes in like, crayon, fentanyl. He's on fentanyl. Yeah. Yeah. He's on f everyone's on fentanyl in the criminal world. It's like salt. They're on fentanyl. Yeah. It's like salt. Well, it, he was taking it because he had been stabbed like a, a year or two before. And so he takes it for the pain and to stay level when he's doing carpentry and not, it's So soul killing. Have you ever taken opioids like after an a surgery or something?


I mean, I love laughing gas. I had that once first. Well, laughing gas is a totally different thing. I'm not defending nitrous, but I will say it's a totally different gig. But, you know, any opioid drug has the same, it just takes your Soul away. Yeah. Well that's what we see. That's why it's the zombie apocalypse, right? Yes. That's it. But, but so, so in after the, the riots And, there was a momentous push for, again, i I I call it crime equity legislation. And this took the form of two laws that have been absolutely devastating. And I think that they probably sh will ultimately get thrown out by the Supreme Court. 'cause they're, they're so egregious.


The first is called the Racial Justice Act of 2020. And the Racial Justice Act of 2020 allow, allows defendants and it's retroactive to challenge their convictions based on the presence of bias or racial animus by, let's say anyone involved in the trial or on the police side. and that doesn't have to have any bearing on whether or not the evidence supports their guilt at all. These can be guilty people, the evidence proved beyond a doubt. But If there was a white racist involved at any level, They can get their convictions thrown out under the Racial Justice Act or reduced significantly.


And this happened in the city of Antioch. It's called the Antioch texting scandal. Four young black gang members were on trial for attempted murder and murder, and very clear that they did it. They were gang enhancements were applied to them, which would mean that they were gonna face a lot more jail time. But at the same time, it came out that the police officers in Antioch were texting racist. So-called racist messages to each other in private, not, you know, not as part of the job, not relating to even their, their, you know, involvement in the case, but just about these defendants.


And when this came out, the judge presiding over the case, utilized the Racial Justice Act and threw out all the gang enhancements against these. So They had no longer killed anybody. 'cause the cops were Mean, lemme tell you how much worse it gets. Defense attorneys can use statistical evidence, nebulous statistical evidence of racial disparity to support the case and satisfy their burden of proof that there is racial injustice. So for instance, if a jurisdiction is applying gang enhancements in greater proportion to black, you know, gang members than to some other group, white, white Gang members.


Yeah. Whatever those are, and the under the Racial Justice Act, the statistical differences can be entered into consideration by the judge on whether or not to apply the RJA. That's just like the end of civilization. It gets worse. The same year they, the Sacramento pass AB 30 70, AB 30 70 took away the ability of prosecutors to apply peremptory challenges to prospective jurors on the basis of bias.


So for instance, up until AB 30 70, you could, if a, if a juror would say, Hmm, you know, my son was a had been, you know, involved with, had been arrested, or I have a negative opinion of police, so on and so forth, this would be a cause by which a prosecutor could use a peremptory challenge to remove the juror. Well, under AB 30 70, if this juror is a member of a protected group, which by the way includes gender identity, So like training criminals. Yeah.


Well, well, no, no tranny jurors. Oh, okay. Yeah. They can no longer use peremptory challenges against them, even if they say, I hate cops because they're a protected group. So the result of this is, as one of the top prosecutors in the entire state told me is the proliferation of oj OJ juries. And the OJ jury, by the way, never got the credit. We never learned a single thing from that. We spent our entire lives hearing about all white juries being bad. But here we had a jury that just let a guy get away with murdering two people because those people were a skin color.


That was fine for them To another, to be murdered. Another gang prosecutor in Alameda County told me that jurors have come up to her and said to her face, I will not convict a black man. So, okay, well now I'm officially depressed and, and just, and just sad about the state. So let's just, let's just end on a a happy note if you're possible, if it's possible. of course. Do you see California getting better? I mean, is this like a low point or is this just like, is it gonna, You know, some of the cops I talked to say that they, they think this is cyclical and things will, things will come back into some level of normalcy.


you know, there's very, Detroit never came back. Exactly. Yeah. Neither did Rome after 4 76. It's Still a crappy place as far as I can tell. Yeah, I mean, you know, I, I don't know. I, I think that there are someti, there are some problems that become so embedded and given the multifaceted nature of this dysfunction and the complexity of the problems and the entrenched interest groups that do not have any incentive to, to modify a system that has enriched them. I don't know how you will. So I think maybe the, the lesson for me, just as a listener to this incredible story that you've just told, the main lesson is that civilization is really fragile.


You don't maintain it without continuous effort and vigilance. And you really have to be radical in, in preserving it. Yeah. And once it goes away, it doesn't necessarily come back. And you should not participate at all in unjust systems at all. And you should fight like a wombat. Yeah. I mean, like, look, if, if we're talking about solutions for me, for one thing, it is, it is revoking these terrible laws that I've talked about, like that that's has to happen. But how about shaming the people who supported them? It's totally unacceptable. I mean, yeah. Well, I don't know anything about Bull Connor, but like, I'm sure his descendants all change their names. I'm not defending Bull Connor, trust me.


But there is a useful thing that culture does, which is demonizes demons. I, I, I would go further and we should do that. I would go further. I think it's, it's more than simply shaming. I think that, I think that if there is a way that to hold these people liable for negligence and gross negligence, Criminally liable. Criminally Liable. So why should George Gascon be able to like, move to Tempe and just live out on retirement? I don't think he should be allowed to. Why, why should the politicians in Europe and in this country who facilitated the invasion of their countries and displacement and dis and diffusion of their native indigenous populations as a form of, let's face it, a form of ethnic cleansing.


Why should those politicians who enacted those laws not be subject to the same kind of standard that was applied in the, the Nuremberg Trials? Or How about as recently as the, the Yugoslav of Wars? Na NATOs Ward, same Yugoslavia, I think slow but on Melvich died in prison Right. For ethnic cleansing. So Angela Merkel gets away with it. Right? How is that, Look, the international laws related to these issues are not robust enough to address this modern form of demographic inversion, demographic in engineering. But really the, I when I was thinking about this as, as, as a whole, is it really all that different from what the Chinese are doing in Xinjiang?


Like yes, we're not, we don't have con we don't have reeducation camps yet Because we're not as straightforward as the Chinese. Right. But, but the idea of, of like bringing the Han Chinese into Xinjiang, to to effectively erase the, those people, is that really any different than what's happening when 12 mil or, you know, 7 million people have come across the US southern border with impunity and are gonna most likely probably become citizens unless, unless Trump, God, God willing wins and, and reverses that. I mean, it's times are very dark Tucker. And I don't know, like if there is a positive message to be made, except I I I pray that our leadership at the least the federal level will right the ship and perhaps California over time can come back to some semblance of what it once was.


Because it is the deface of a grand work of art. It, it is a, it is a work of art in Los Angeles and San Francisco, two of the prettiest cities, In fact, I would say the prettiest cities. We have by far both of them in their very different ways. But it is destroying art and irreplaceable art. And as a birthright Californian who's living in his great grandparents' house, you're one of the few in LA who's can say that, like, what's your plan? Are you gonna stay? you know, like you've, you've been asked this question, right? And you've said like, America's my home. Like, I'm not leaving it. I feel that way about California. Like they're not, you're staying.


I mean, and unless I get like another home invasion that, that might like catalyze it. But I, I I, I feel very tied to the land. Like, good, you know, you should, and I don't feel like it should be just surrendered because some assholes in San Francisco are decided to spread crime equity across the state. you know, it's like I, we'll defend, we'll defend our home, we'll defend our castle. and that is, I think, you know what's one duty is to your, your ancestors who had guns.


So please buy one. Yes. Good. Call me Chris Thank. you of course Thank you. Thanks for listening. The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made. The complete library, Tucker Carlson dot com.