
So the last time, I think the last time we were physically together was when we worked together at Fox News. Crazy hosting a morning show, whose name on, I will not mention. I've always been embarrassed in the name of that show. There's some nice people on the show, nice people work on the show. I don't wanna attack the show, but, ugh. The name always, always made me cringe. But anyway, morning Joe. So good.


You, me, Mika, Right? Blood Xanax, Right. All of as NeoCon. Oh my gosh. And then you went off into business. I think you're the only person I've ever seen leave an anchor position in television voluntarily. No one ever does that. They wait to get destroyed in a sex scandal or, or you know, get dementia or something. But you actually just left and went into business and were successful. And then you moved to Europe with your family, your beautiful family. And then the, the next time I heard of you, I was taking my trash out and my neighbor goes, did you see what Clayton and Natalie said? And I'm like, I only know one Clayton and Natalie.


And I was like, Clayton Morris, Natalie Morris. And he's like, yeah, un redacted their show. Did you see it? And I was like, no. Anyway. And then I dove in and I saw that you had become like legit successful in a completely different business, saying things that I loved and that were true and really brave. So it's just great to see you after all this time. What a life, what a life story you've had. It's Amazing. I'm just so thrilled. I, you know, I just saw you in the parking lot And I was like, oh my God, I don't run up and give you a hug. Because it's been amazing. Eight or nine years. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's crazy to think, I mean, the trajectory. And I find it very difficult to relate to people that haven't been beat up and all scratched.


Totally agree. Beat up, gone through the ringer, you know? Yes. Like there's, it's like, that's for sure operating at a different level now, you know? And so, well It's funny, I do remember you in commercial breaks, 'cause on those morning shows you have really long commercial breaks. Yeah. And then, you know, one anchor will take a segment or whatever. There's like a lot of times sitting on the dumb couch and you never wasted a second of it. I'd like stare off in a space like a dog or text my wife naughty things. But you are constantly either doing business or reading about things. I'll never forget that you were totally absorbed in your studies and your work in commercial breaks. How did you wind up with redacted?


Like how did that, I've never even asked you, how'd you, how'd that happen? You know, after we left, so 10 years at Fox, great time had a blast. But you know, you realize, oh, I've been doing the same sort of segments over and over again. You know, you're doing like the same breakfast cereal segment over and over again after 10 years. And you're saying, okay, I want something different now. I wanna be able to see my kids on the weekend. I don't wanna have to wake up at three 30 in the morning. Yeah. You know, and when everyone else is at the park with their kids on a weekend. Oh totally. Right. You know, people at bagel shops and stuff like that. And so I didn't get to do that. And my wife would send me pictures of what the kids were doing, you know, making little projects or things. And I would be at work, which is, you know, great. So then I, you know, it was after 10 years I said, okay, enough is enough and it's time to do something for myself and for my family.


And then we thought about where in the world we would live, where, what part of the country would we live in? And we started thinking bigger about, well maybe we'll just have this adventure and, and go to Europe and give that a shot. And we thought, well Portugal, that's close enough to the East coast. It's actually faster to fly from the East coast to the US to Lisbon than it is from the East coast to San Francisco where my wife's family is from. So great. The kids are young enough, we have three kids. Like let's give them this adventure. Let's try it for ourselves. And things were getting crazy in the United States at the time, that's for sure. Descending into, you know, a crime haven wide open, you know, borders and all of that. So it was an opportunity, I think, for us to go there.


And then I started thinking, wait a second. 'cause I can't just sit still. I, I have to, I have to be creating or working on something. I, maybe it's the Capricorn energy. I can't just like not be creating. I think that's why we're here also. Like of course, like, you know, I don't want to, I don't wanna choose an easy life. Comfort is not the point. So I enjoy creating and making things and trying things and, you know, you know, I dunno, building a channel and all those things are interesting to me and always been fascinating to me. But I, you'll find out really quickly if you, you're doing it and you don't love it, it'll fizzle out after like a month. You know? So I always encourage people Yeah, just try things, you know, if you want to start a business, just try it.


And if it speaks to you and you know, then you'll, you'll do it. So I realize we're there in Europe and we've got a five hour time difference, a jump on sort of the morning of the East Coast of the United States. And I'm a news junkie, so I'm always constantly seeing what was going on and watching what's going on with Covid. You're seeing all of these world events and I thought, I wanna talk about this. I wanna be able to do something. So launched this show kind of in the morning, and I remember my years ago, 'cause I lived in Los Angeles. I hated being three hours behind the East coast. And I worked on a morning show called Good Day LA And I was a producer then, and I, I, I hated, it was like two in the morning knowing that like, people on the east coast already had to kind of jump on the world.


Oh yeah. You know, it sort of bothered me mentally. So now I had a five hour jump on the East Coast, you know, and I said, you know, I'm gonna start to do like a morning show again. I grew up doing morning shows for 20 years. Maybe I should try that here, but now I don't have to wake up at three in the morning. I can just do it. And started it during Covid really during all, all of the lies that were pouring out of Covid. And at the time my father was, was had just gotten, just had a stroke. It was go, you know, going through not being able to see him in a hospital and hearing the, the ridiculous rules that were unfolding both in Europe, but in the United States about covid and lockdowns and standing six feet apart.


And, you know, nursing homes in New York and Andrew Cuomo. All of these things were converging. I think at the same time, printing money, we're just gonna hand out thousands of dollars in checks to people and keep them home. And no businesses will run. We're gonna kill chickens. We're gonna, you know, all these farmers had to, we're killing animals. So something's like, I, I just, I don't know, it just, it, that was really the impetus for me to, to start the show. And then it evolved more. I realized we're not talking most about money. We're really talking about a lot of redacted things. And that's where I came up with the idea for the name redacted. Because we were holding up like Pfizer's own documents on the show and like, they're redacted or UFO files that were redacted.


And I said, I just was sitting there one afternoon just kind of contemplating. And I said, that's the name of the show, just redacted. That's just gonna be the name of the show. And then I, I conned my wife into doing the show with me. She's a journalist by trade. She's an amazing writer and really an amazing researcher. And I said, you're gonna do the show with me? And she said, yeah, I think I want to, I don't know that I want to, but I, and now she's just come alive and it's just been amazing to watch her this sort of San Francisco liberal, like transform. And now she's angry. She can't, it's so amazing to watch her be angry at all the lies that she's been told over the years that she's, she's angrier than me.


'cause I was sort of in it. Yeah, yeah. You know, and I worked at Fox and I, I was seeing the pattern of lies and I didn't quite understand as NeoCon pattern of lies. I did not as well as I, as I do now. But she, you know, who would read Hillary Clinton's books back in the day? And, you know, all of that. Now she's warmonger, you know, and it's been amazing to see her come alive with that. And she'll just get angry about it and she'll say, yeah, aren't you angry about it? And I say, yes, but I, I've, I've known a lot of this, what, you know, Obama has droned these people and, and, and, but she's amazing. She's, you know, she's now run with it in such a way that I'm just so, I'm just so touched to watch.


And I think we, we do, you know, a great job together in kind of keeping each other in balance with It. Well, it's certainly been successful, like way more than anyone would've predicted. Probably even you. Oh, For sure. I would've thought this is just gonna be a no no, no. Drop in the ocean. Checked Your numbers this morning. Yes. Oh. Quite, quite successful. And, and well deserved. And just an amazing story. So you spent five years to the day in Europe, you're now back Yeah. In the United States. But you spent five years in Portugal at a time when Europe was really, really changing, or, or the changes that had already taken place had become, I think, more obvious to those paying attention. What was your view after living there for that long? First, let me say the, because I wanna be respectful of the Portuguese people.


They, they were amazing. The people are amazing. Yes. It's the government. Yes. That, and I feel really terribly for the, the Portuguese people who in many ways, and this is across Europe, they've really given up their power to Brussels. Yes. So 80% of all the decisions that are really made in Portugal aren't made in Portugal. They're made in Brussels. So they have to fund the boondoggle in Ukraine. They have to send the one tank that they have from the 1970s that it might, may or may not still be working to Ukraine because of some dog and pony show propaganda.


So I saw That's democracy. So the right, the Portuguese, the millions of Portuguese people have no say over their own lives or where their money goes or anything. No, No. And transact the way that they want to be able to transact in cash the way that they want. It's all outsourced, you know, to Christine Legarde or Ursula Lvo der lion in, in Brussels, who get to tell them how to live their lives. And the Portuguese people do not like the European Union. I think most people in the European Union, I can't speak for everyone of course, but you ask the common person, the worker, the, the laborer, the restaurant owner, the aga owner, do the, do you like the European Union?


They don't know them. They don't know the unelected people in Brussels. Yes and no, they don't. They know their local, you know, local county representatives and those individuals. But those people are all hamstrung by what happens in Brussels. Just to give you an idea, like, I dunno if you saw, I think it was last year, maybe a year and a half ago now, Christine, leg guard was, was I think punked, but told some pretty open truths about Europeans being able to transact with cash. And she said, she said in this fake interview that, that on the gray market, if you spend more than a certain couple hundred dollars of euros, that you're considered part of the gray market, a KAA terrorist.


So if You spend it on like nuclear materials or small arms or No, no, pay your gardener, you're a terrorist. So yeah, if you're buying plutonium to create the flux capacitor in order to travel back in time, you might be on the gray market. But no, just to transacting cash, I mean, for anything, for anything. And if you look across Europe, every European country has a different threshold. So Spain, for instance, a thousand euros, if you spend more than a thousand euros in cash, you're considered on the gray market. AKA terrorist, every country's different. Some 500 euros, 800 euros, 1500 euros.


And across the board, the European threshold now is 10,000 euros to be able to transact in cash. And anything more than that, you're on the gray market. What, what's the idea there? The idea is that terrorists use cash, and so therefore if you use cash, they then you're a terrorist. So, but Terrorists don't use open borders that they created. No, they don't use open borders. Terrorists adhere to local state regulations and laws. Fair. So what I saw happening in Europe was, you know, when we immigrated to, to Portugal, we had to go through massive hoops and hurdles of paperwork Yeah. To show that we were people of means Yes.


Right. To show that we weren't going to leach off of their system Fair. Which is fair. Yeah. And great. We are a guest in your country. Let's be respectful of your country, your tax laws. We, there, we found out there were a lot of people who would do sort of like digital nomad type work. You know what they are, they're like the Instagram girls that go on the beach. Yeah. And they, they pretend that they're working on a laptop. Yeah. You know, and they're really not. I mean, come on. And so we would hear, we heard that like, don't do that because the European committee, they're watching, like they're watching you for tax purposes. We're like, well, we're not gonna do that. We're gonna, we pay our taxes, we will be respectful. We had no intention of like not paying our taxes here, but apparently it was happening a lot.


So we went through, made sure everything was legit, met with the tax authority, got set our business up, all of it. Paperwork, got our residency cards, all of those pieces that you would normally do if you're coming into a country legally, and you're going to, you're being respectful of their laws. So I don't wanna say I'm elite or something, but there's much more regulation for someone like me than there are for criminals. So You can just come across the border and then just, you know, have gang opportunities and do whatever you want, I guess, if you're a criminal. But if you're, if you're a person of means who has children and wants to do things legitimately, then you're gonna have to jump through massive amounts of hoops and hurdles in order to immigrate, but wanna wanna walk into Germany, wanna go, you know, go to a park and be a part of a gang and, you know, and attack young girls.


I'm sure that's fine. That's, Europe has totally welcomed that. They've had wide open borders all across Europe and now they're reaping what they've sowed. It seems like suicide to me. Big picture. It seems like a society that wants to kill itself. It does. But if you talk to the Portuguese people or you talk to the European people, whether you're in, in Belgium, and I, and I've gotten, since I lived there, traveled all over the, that area, talked to, you know, talked to an inn owner in Scotland, for instance. Talked to an, you know, restaurant owner in Edinburgh, talked to, to some workers in, you know, in Munich.


They don't want that, but they've conceded that, you know, they've conceded their power to this unelected body in Brussels that runs the show. I mean, you saw it on display over the past few weeks. Lauder Meir Zelinsky comes to the White House, gets a dressing down, and that little cocaine sniffing troll is there. You know, he didn't, it looked like a deer in headlights. And then he's totally welcomed with open arms in Europe. I mean, they roll out the red carpet for him. Ursula la Wanderly in her half a can of hairspray hair. I'm sure there's like a squirrel living in there somewhere. And then you have Costa from Portugal. And by the way, what's hilarious to me and to Natalie as well, we, we joke about these people in Europe, that the people that are now a part of, like the European Commission in Belgium, they've all failed up.


This is what Natalie likes to say. They've failed up because all of these people, whether it's Marco Ruta and the Netherlands who's kicked out of the Netherlands, is now the head of NATO Costa huge scandal in Portugal is now sitting in, in, in Brussels. Ursula l Wanderly. I'm trying to think who else, who else has failed up all around that table are people who've basically failed up. They've, they should have been kicked out. They've basically been kicked outta their countries. But then they get elevated in positions of power in Brussels, which is hilarious unelected by the way, because Nobody in Washington has bothered to do anything about it.


You still have no privacy because big tech is watching you at all times. Data brokers are invading your right to privacy online as we speak. And they're infringing on your freedom. They're monitoring and recording everything you do when you connect to the internet, which is basically all day. And they're taking the info on you, your life. And they're selling it to advertisers, politicians, even insurance companies that use that information to raise your premiums. So you should be able to choose which information you share with others. That's why you've got a lock on your front door and a door on your bedroom. But You can get that freedom back, that privacy, we partner with a company that will give it to you. It's called Express. VPN Express. VPN is an app that sends a hundred percent of your online traffic through encrypted servers. And that means that data brokers and big tech cannot spy on what you do online. Express VPN also hides your IP address. And that prevents those data hawks from creating a profile of you and selling it to the highest bidder. It's the number one VPN on the market and it's easy to use. Just make one click and you get started. You sync your VPN to update devices. So everything you use to get online can be protected. Right now. You get an extra four months of ExpressVPN for free. Just scan the QR code on the screen or go to ExpressVPN dot com slash tucker and get four extra months for free. That's ExpressVPN dot com slash tucker.


One thing I've learned just from this whole last five years is that female leaders are not what I thought they were. They, when I was a kid in the seventies, used to hear feminists say, give a woman a chance. You know, it'll be more peaceful world. Which not a crazy idea. I mean, all the women in my life are peaceful and loving. Right. And so I kind of thought that's probably true, actually. Yeah. You know, men fight wars and, and all that. Women don't. But then we've wind up with all these female leaders who are the most warlike and blood thirsty and just can't wait to murder people. They just can't wait. Right. You can see it. They're that, that girl from Estonia, I mean, I mean Yeah. She would kill people without even flinching A foreign minister in Germany.


Beba. Yeah. What is that? She publicly said that she cares more about the Ukrainian people than her own German people. Like, but, But that's killing, I mean, she, they're for killing. They're all And Hillary, Hillary, Hillary Clinton, Hillary Clinton. I mean, you see that in our country, the most warlike the, you know, quickest to Dick Cheney's repulsive little daughter. You know, there's so Many Susan Rice Victoria Newland. Like, what is that? I don't know what it is. I I, what Is that? I think it's the weirdest thing I've ever seen. Well, I guess, I mean, it comes, it's gotta come from their father. Right. So I'd be an interesting sort of sociological look. They Can't wait to shed blood. Exactly. To look at Hillary Clinton's father to look at Susan Rice's father to look at Victoria Newland's father.


Like is there a common denominator? I don't know. I don't have the research on that. It's bizarre. I'm gonna work on that. I'm gonna, so How do you, I mean, I don't know if it's noble, but how do the, you know, the citizens with no power in a place like Portugal feel about the idea of marching off to War with Russia? They abor it. You know, Portugal has a long history. Of course. They, they of war. Yeah. So they ab bore war. Yeah. They, they were the first Warriors. I mean, talk about conquering other countries. They know a lot about bloodshed. Yes. They've done it to a great degree around the world. So they don't want to be a part of that anymore. Yes. They've tried it.


And In fact, many ways the, I, I first moved there, I thought the United States could learn a lot about the Portuguese, the sort of colonizing and the empire building. Yes. And what it does to your country. You know, what it does to destroy your country, what it does to your culture. So the United States could learn quite a bit about saying, eh, we tried that. We tried that for the last 60 years. We're in Sudan, we're in Syria killing people. We are in, you know, Yemen killing people. Yes. We're in Ukraine, clandestinely killing people. Maybe we should pull back from this. We're in, you know, operations in Haiti for crying out loud.


I mean, where aren't we? We have, we have over 900 military bases around the world. To me that's like 900 too many. Personally. I'm sure there are neocons who would argue against that. We need here's, well, In fact, Clayton, there are NeoCon argue against that. Yes. We need to have bases in Stuttgart. Right. We need to have an island that was unoccupied in Japan is now a US military base. You know, basically two years ago. We need to be in Australia. We've taken over Australia, basically. It's basically a proxy for the United States. You know, we need to, we need to have a massive new NATO base in Poland be Of course we do for na you know, Romania.


Romania, yeah. And Romania. Because of, because of our security. So the, the European people, and I can't, again, I can't speak for all of them, but I mean, the Portuguese people that I know absolutely don't want war. But it's amazing. It was amazing to watch because as this whole theater was unfolding in Ukraine, the Portuguese just basically, they kind of go along with their, I mean they were socialist government up until, well still, you know, led by socialists. But they were really, you know, under, under salazar up until the seventies. So when the government tells them to do something, they do it. You know, when they get a text alert telling them they need to go and get their covid shot, the Portuguese are rule followers.


They are absolutely rule follow. They will do it. So most, most people are. Yeah. And when you have a government that threatens you. Yes. You know, and you're just trying to take care of your family, you, you don't want something to happen to your children, your way of life. You don't want to get some nasty gram in the mail threatening your life. Most people are compliant in that way. So they get a text message, go and get your next, you know, second covid shot. You got your first one. Go get it. You know, and get a text message. And they got a, they read a report to a center to go and do that. You know, it's unbelievable. And I would get in fights 'cause I'm an American. I would, people would tell me to put on a mask, you know, authorities. And I'd tell 'em like, no. And I would yell at them about putting on a covid mask. I'm not gonna do it. You know, trying to go to the grocery store. You had to put it, no, I'm not wearing it.


You know, so we'd get in fights. I was get in fights a lot. And my wife would be like, Hey, just, you know, so I've lived it as a good wife. Would, you know, like, so, and I just would yell at the ridiculousness of these things. For instance, there's a, there's a thing along in Kush, Kish Bay, I dunno if you've ever had a chance to go to Kush Kish, which is just outside of Lisbon. It's a beautiful little, like, very like wealthy area I guess. And it's very cosmopolitan. So you get a lot of different, you know French there. Yep. British there. Wealthy Portuguese. It's very interesting area. It is more of a touristy area. But anyway, there's a big sea wall called the Parado and it runs along the ocean for about five kilometers.


And while we were renting an apartment there for a little while, the, I would walk the dog along there and it's very wide. I mean it's maybe 40 feet, 50 feet wide. It's huge bike paths on it. There's like workout equipment, the whole thing. Like, so it's, it's wide. And there's the ocean is right there. It's beautiful. It's all stone. So take the dog on a walk. Then when Covid hits, they shut it down. They put like the police tape around all the outside, outside workout equipment that sits in the sun, by the way. So you couldn't work out, you couldn't, you know, do any pullups or anything like that. Because I guess Covid could survive out in this by the ocean. Like, I dunno if you've ever had a bicycle by the ocean, you sit it there for like a day, it's all rusted.


Yeah. But covid, I can survive on workout equipment in the sun, you know, it's ridiculous. So I'm glad they put police tape all around this stuff. So really Covid doesn't rust. Right, Right. It doesn't run. So, you know, you would walk along this owl and now they, now they roped it off. You couldn't do it anymore. And there would be surfers out in the water still kind of breaking the rules. And the police. So the surfers were constantly running from the police. 'cause they, Portuguese love surfing. They have some of The best surfers in the world. So they're out surfing. And the police would pull down and the surfers, you'd see them scatter along the waves and run up the banks to get away from the police who were constantly chasing them out of the ocean surfing while they were, you know, while covid was striking, you know.


Anyway, all that to say, wait, Can I just pause and say, what's interesting is, I mean, a country like that needs revolution. Yeah. And hopefully not a violent one against violence, but it needs a revolution. Like any government that do that to its own people needs to be overthrown in some way or another. But I bet you that Portugal, like the rest of the west didn't even come close. No, Not even close. I mean, when they told you to stay inside, there was no one on the street. You know, the rule on the weekend was you had to be in your house by noon. Noon, noon. You couldn't, or noon or, yeah, two noon, noon or two o'clock. Forgive me for, but it was right around the high, you know, once you were done with your lunch, basically you couldn't be on the streets, you couldn't be driving a car, any of that. And so whole communities would just shut down.


And, you know, I never left the house anyway, so it was okay for me. So I'd just take a walk with the dog or whatever. But it was unbelievable. You couldn't be out. All the restaurants were forced to shut down. And What if you didn't want to get the Covid vaccine? Did anyone not get it there? No. I mean, it was like overwhelm. It's like Israel, I think it was like overwhelming, like everyone got it right? I think it was like, Well, in Israel, I think everyone ever, yeah. Well, I don't know, but I keep reading that. Yeah. Wouldn't you love to see the data? Because I'm, I'm sure they'll keep it hidden from us. And I've been very curious about the Israeli data. They had some of The best reporting, like their VAs system. Yeah. It's way better than the United States for data. Right? I would Love, which is a vaccine injury, self-reported vaccine injury.


Exactly. So only a fraction of injuries were reported to the Vera system in the United States. Yes. Right. So we know that a frac in Israel, they have all the data. I would love to know what all that vaccine injury data looks like if they ever come forward with it fully. And maybe they have, and I haven't seen it yet, but that would be fascinating to look into. I'm sure someone out there would, would look into that. But anyway, and same with Portugal. I mean, very high rates of, of getting There. Did you know anyone who didn't take it? No. Wow. Yeah. So it was pretty much universal uptake. Yeah. Yeah. That's crazy.


And we were lucky 'cause we were, you know, residents, we didn't have to, like, we were so, thank God, like our kids, nothing like that. But oh, all the kids, like, every, like Portuguese, I, as far as I know, had to, was required. And they would send out text alerts, we would get text alerts, like, get your kids vaccinated. And I was like, no way. Sorry. Not gonna happen. So, but I'm sure Portuguese kids did. So I, again, I would love to know what the actual data is from Europe. Once all the dust settles from this, the white fibrous clots that we're seeing, of course through, through in the, all across the United States now, the massive white fibrous clots that we're seeing from, from people living and dead that undertakers are seeing in the United States at record levels.


They've never seen it before. Where are these? We, I, oh, I've been an undertaker for 40 years. I've never once seen these massive white fibrous clots that seem to have begun in the past few years as a result of something. Maybe we could look into that. Just a suggestion. No, but we won't look into it, I'm sure. No. So yeah. All all, yeah. All that to say, like, walking along that sea wall, I just to make this analogy, that's all roped off 40 feet of wide open space. But You can walk up the street on the sidewalk in portrait of the sidewalks are like this big, like you could fit basically me on the sidewalk. You have to turn sideways when you're walking, but that's open.


So let's just be clear, I can't walk down here where I'm gonna walk into somebody. I wouldn't walk into somebody. I have 15 feet of birth up there. I have to pass right next to somebody. And that's their law. So it was ridiculous. It was all over the place. In many ways. It was worse than the United States, but Nobody got together and said, Hey, we need to overthrow this tyrannical government. No, no, no. Of course. So that is like the deep last, no, I mean, if you grew up in the United States hearing about, which I'm sure no one ever mentions at this point, but, you know, the Boston Tea Party in the American Revolution and, you know, free people determined to remain free and throwing off the yoke of tyranny and using arms to do it. But also, but more than just violence, but yeah.


You know, explaining why they're doing it. Right. And standing on true principle. If you grew up hearing about that, then you think, well, that, you know, that desire to be free beats in every human heart. And, you know, but I guess it, it doesn't, or I don't really know. But there's no evidence that anybody is organizing to push back against this. And I just wanna say really clearly, I think they should. But no one seems to be, Although I see some bright spots. I mean, over the past few days, massive protests in Paris Yes. Against Emmanuel Macron and the, and the French funding of Ukraine. Yes, I would definitely see demonstrations, people organizing, but not very large.


And you have to understand also, there's massive censorship. And there are, you know, you will be, you, we have canceling, you know, cancel culture. I have journalists friends in Portugal who lost their jobs because they spoke out, they were, you know, university, they, they spoke out against Ukraine. They were journalists And they were telling the Portuguese people what was actually happening in Ukraine. And they were fired from their positions at university. Really? In Portugal, they would fire an on air journalist for opposing the Ukraine war. Yeah. We would have the, I'm just glad that would never happen in the United States. Can you imagine? It's amazing.


Isn't it been amazing to me to watch the unfolding, the propaganda. It's amazing that it took this long. So a few weeks ago, Zelensky is in the Oval Office. I dunno if you saw that. And it was like, bring your kid to Workday, you know, at the, at the Oval Office and like, let Daddy speak now here in, in the Oval Office about what's actually happening. But it was amazing. Suddenly then, of course, social media exploded with people for the first time. It seemed like understanding that, wait a second, this isn't all as it seems here. And then, then of course you had the massive, the same massive army, the bot army and everything else from a few years ago that was really defending the war in Ukraine, which had really been lessened over the past few years.


I don't know if there their CIA farm, you know, bought farms or whatever were drying up in, in Ukraine or the CIA was like repositioning resources for how they were gonna carry that out. Suddenly it was like a flood. It was like, oh my God, they flipped the servers back on or something like that. You know, Victoria Newland got on the phone and was like, Hey, get those, you know, get, get the websites back up again. Get the bot army, you know, going on social media and trying to protect the war in Ukraine, because now Trump was showing the truth here, and JD Vance were showing the truth. It was unfolding. So it's been this unbelievable resurgence over the past few weeks to the propaganda for Ukraine. You saw the massive Ukrainian flag being unfurled in Washington DC the other day.


Yes. Like, who, who funded that flags are popping up all over again. Like, I've seen them just driving around. Ukrainian flags are now back in people's windows again. Yes. People are putting Ukrainian flags back in their social media profiles again. Like what the hell's going on in the past few days? Like, it's just, it's unbelievable to watch. And It's not just bots, it's like living, it's the Wall Street Journal. It's Yeah. You know, Neil Ferguson, the eminent historian, and you know, it's, you know, it's, a lot of people actually all of a sudden are like, no, no, no, No, no, no. We're, You know, Foursquare behind Zelensky. Where do those orders come from? Like, what is that? Zelensky can't win. He's helped destroy his own country.


I, I think the United States has destroyed his country. I think the Biden administration destroyed his country. I actually don't think it's really Zelensky fault, if I'm being honest, but whatever. Like we did Ukraine wrong. And yet all these people, some of them with jobs, and they're not bots, they're human beings. I know some of them, they're like all in, like, I, And what is that? I don't understand. To me, it's a kind of a madness. Yeah. It does feel that when, because I, something that's happened to me over the past year, maybe I've become more empathetic. Good. But when it comes to not knowing things, like, I have more empathy now for people who, like a family, a family of five that got three kids, they work all day.


They get a few minutes of news at night. Right? Right. They flip on CNN or another channel. Like it's, it's no longer in business, but I think you even used to work there a few years ago, but it, it just went outta business called M-S-N-B-C. Like, they'll flip on, like they'll flip on that, you know, And they get a few minutes of news and then they've put their kids to bed, they make dinner or whatever. So I have empathy for those people. Oh gosh, yes. What I, where I, where I lose my empathy is for people who have access to this information, whether it's, you know, neocons in Washington or whatever else they know. Are you Speaking directly of Ann Applebaum? Yes. Ann Applebaum, Who's husband, the staff at The Atlantic.


Who's, Who's like husband. What cheer led the Destruction of the Nord Stream pipeline. Yeah. You know, REDX, korski, Lynn Lunatic. Yeah. So these people who have access to the information, but then choose to go the evil route. That's where I lose it. You know? So, again, I have empathy for people that just don't understand. And you see this awakening, I think, over the past few weeks about like, what, what was this dressing down of Zelensky in the Oval Office? Like, I don't understand. Wait a second. I thought he was the hero. We see him on the Grammys, right? He pops up every time there's an award show, he's asking for money. Thank you for standing with Ukraine. Like, he's our guy. So wait a minute, you're telling me that this is wrong? But nobody Cares about Ukraine. We just watch like, the murder of like it's entire young male population and like, we're, we want more to die.


So we're not for Ukraine, we're against Russia, and we're so against Russia that calling someone pro-Russia is a slur, basically. But no one ever explains why are we supposed to be against Russia? Like, I'm, I feel like I'm coming to a conversation late. I missed the predicate. Like the part where you explain to me why I have to hate Russia. I'm, I'm totally agnostic on Russia. Well, now I have been to Moscow a couple times, and I think it's the most beautiful city I've ever been to. So I, I like Moscow, but I still don't even have strong feelings about Russia. Why am I supposed to hate Russia? Like, what is this? Because like, they mistreat. I don't, I don't, I'm gonna speculate what this is, but I don't get it still three years in.


Didn't you see the movie Red Dawn in the 1980s? But those Are the Soviets. Like, I'm totally opposed to Soviets. They invade, they're going to invade us right now. But Aren't You paying attention? But the truth is that so many of the people who are now fanatically opposed to Russia, were not fanatically opposed to the Soviets. Right? So what the hell is going on? I actually think even the term Ukraine is a distraction from the truth. Which is we are at war. We are at War with Russia. That war is funded by the United States primarily. It's, I mean, some of the attacks on Russia were coordinated by US military personnel in Ukraine. The Ukrainian government is supported wholly by the United States are intel agencies, and our intel officers are in Ukraine directing the Ukrainian intel service.


So these are all facts. So like we are at War with Russia. But why and why the hatred? I think you, if you, so that's a brilliant question. Why, maybe it goes back to looking at George Soros and his, I think an essay that he wrote in the 1990s about this. Because he's been largely involved in his open society project, which is the Destruction of Russia. Yes. So the Destruction of Russia is meant to enable the expansion of the United States militarily and economically. We need to destroy Russia. We need to destroy China according to George Soros in order for that expansion.


So George Soros intimately involved with the expansion of NATO using Slavic people, not Americans to die on behalf of George Soros and NGOs like U-S-A-I-D and others and, and others to have this massive change. So Adam Schiff said it publicly on the house floor for crying out loud. I mean, I played that clip a million times. We, they die over there. So we don't have to, we fight them over there. So we, they don't have to, we don't have to fight them here. It's the same thing. I dunno if you saw Eric Swalwell last week for crying out loud. He said, this is the greatest investment we've ever made. Meaning, And he said, zero Americans have died. Which is a lie, by the way. 'cause there's actually been a number of Americans that have died fighting Russia in Ukraine.


Well, a bunch of Americans have died. It'd be interesting to see finally, when those families have been told to sign NDAs and not speak about it. I know for a fact that Americans have died in Ukraine fighting Russia. Of course, some of it's on camera, by the way. Yeah. You can hear. But they deny it. They'll say that these were just mercenaries. They weren't tied to it. They're just, oh, they were there voluntarily. Like the guy who tried to kill Trump and Mar-a-Lago. Like, you know, these are just, these are, we, we have no control over these people. That's total bullshit. Of course, you have control over these people. Well, of course. Well, you could, you know, very easily say that, and we probably should say that no American is allowed to serve in a foreign military. Hmm. I don't understand.


I mean, we have an, an a, a person serving on the National Security Council right now who served in the Ministry of Defense in a foreign country. Like, no, how about, no. Right. You're not allowed to have multiple citizenships. You're not allowed to serve in a foreign military. What if that's not disloyal? I don't know what is. We have a military, we have all kinds of clear and present threats, basically because the people serving in foreign militaries, you know, encouraged us to get involved in all this crap. Anyway, whatever. Yeah, we could clearly shut that down. And we haven't. Do we, you made reference to NDAs. Do you think that people have been pushed to sign NDAs? Oh, for sure. The families of those who have fallen specifically in really in Ukraine.


I wonder how many people, I wonder if we'll, we're talk, you know, president Trump transparency, how many, how many Americans have died in Ukraine fighting Russia, and then how many families of those special forces, or, you know, just NATOs, whatever NATO soldiers have had to sign NDAs about their service there. That's Wild. I never even thought of that. I've had, you know, former members of the CIA a tell me that high ranking members of the military tell me that. So I would like to know, maybe the Trump administration can pull these numbers out. Yeah. And we can hear more about that. How many Americans have died? Because we know French Polish, Polish more than anyone dying in Ukraine.


I mean, talk about a country that's been destroyed. I, I was about to say, I hate to say it, but the polls who I think are great people for the record never met a poll I didn't like, except for an Applebaum's husband. But boy, they always end up bearing the brunt of everything in Europe. Yeah. A massive NATO bases flood of refugees that have cha completely changed their country. Millions of Ukrainian refugees that port across the border that they just welcomed in with open arms. The language totally changed in neighborhoods A across across Poland. So instead of speaking Polish, you're just hearing Ukrainian now through these neighborhoods, completely changed that. So when I look at the project and going back, you, you know, go back to the nineties, go, you know, go back just a few years to 2014, I've seen this awakening, or at least an awareness over the past week.


Once Trump and JD Vance dressed down Zelensky in the Oval Office to say, because the zelinsky lied right to their faces multiple times that Putin violated our exchange of prisoners. He violated the Minsk agreements well to anyone sitting there saying, oh really? Oh, so Putin's the bad guy. He he's the one who violated the prisoner swap. Really? That's no, no. So when you start looking at it, no, that, that's not at all what happens. Zelinsky lied right to Trump's face, right. To Zelinsky face that, that tr that Putin violated the, the prisoner exchange in 2019. That's total bullshit. Total bs In fact, Zelensky is on camera welcoming the prisoners back at a ceremony, I think it was in Paris in 2019.


So Putin didn't violate that at all. In fact, he adhered to it. Same with the Minka agreements, which we know Angela, Angela Merkel, chancellor of Germany at the time, joked later that they were never going to adhere to the Minsk agreements to provide peace and stick with that. Instead they carry that a genocide in eastern Ukraine. What was Eastern Ukraine for 10 years? No one wants to talk about the, the civilians that were ca this infuriates me at a level, just picture a child in Donbass or dank or Luhansk walking to school, And they go through a park And they pick up one of these pedal mines. Have you seen these pedal mines? Yes. These green, they look like a leaf Journalists.


Eva Bartlett has done unbelievable work on this. But these kids, they're meant to look. So the kids walk up to 'em And they pick them up and their hands blow off. That's what these civilians have been dealing with in Donbas and Donk in Luhansk for 10 years. So, ethnic Russians living in those areas. So when people say, oh, this thing started when Putin invaded. Okay, yes, I am, I'm, I'm very anti-war. So I always feel like, yes, there's, there's probably a way to solve it without killing people. So in that, I'll give you that we, Putin maybe didn't need to invade in order to, And he didn't want to, by the way, he didn't want to, his government, his parliament voted for it. He didn't want to.


So to go into Eastern Ukraine, in Donbass, in Dansk and Luhansk set up areas and protect those ethnic Russians who were being slaughtered for the past 10 years. And it was the United States. It was nato, it was Boris John, it was all of those clowns pushing NATO for right up to that doorstep and coordinating these attacks. I mean, the CI, the New York Times did a whole profile on how CIA basically runs Ukraine, multiple field offices. So the coup that took place in 2014, I know you've spoken at length about this, you know all about it.


I know your audience is well educated, they know all about it. But this was a CIA backed coup in 2014, we installed a western puppet government in Ukraine after the Maidan coup to do our bidding. So I have some empathy for Zelensky, and I'll tell you why. Because here's a guy who's sitting in the White House, and I feel, and I, I feel like he doesn't know, first of all, he's not in power. And he's wondering, okay, I just got off the phone with Victoria Newland and Susan Rice. Exactly. Exactly. Before I walked in here. Exactly. And a bunch of low IQ Republican Senator Warmonger Freaks. Yeah. So probably Lindsey Graham got on the phone with him. A Hundred percent. Mike rounds and all these people. Yeah. Yeah. And they're like, Hey, Vladimir, I've been to your, you know, I've been to Ukraine many, many times.


We've been funneling money and weapons to you for a long time. Here's what you need to do. You need to play hardball with Trump. Exactly. When you get in there, you need to tell him, we need security guarantees. Trump loves, you know, loves the little confrontation. So just do that. Make sure, and I don't know if you know it, around the 34 minute mark in that confrontation, some little lacky from, from his staff leans over and gives him like marching orders. No. So around the 34 minute mark. Yeah. We did a thing about it like a couple weeks ago. He, he leans over, I think it was a female male, I forget. Anyway, leans over right to Zelensky and says something, you know, like for like a minute, it's like guiding, like, you know, you know.


Wow. And then, then stuff hits the fan. Like, Hey, remember that meeting you had with, you know, I'm just speculating. Remember that meeting you had with Victoria Newland yesterday when you got, you know, just on the Susan Rice phone call. You know, like, just remember, remember we talked about security guarantees? Security guarantees, security guarantees right after that. Fireworks,


Not all sleep aids are made by pharmaceutical companies. You probably heard about Eight Sleep by now. They develop the country's most innovative products for sleep. Almost everybody in our office uses something they make called the pod And they love it. And there's a reason that professional athletes and lots of other smart people do too. You add the pod to your mattress, like a mattress cover, and it helps you get a better night's sleep and fill with vitality at the start of each day in an intimidating way almost. It's amazing. How does it do it? Well, it uses advanced technology to track your sleep and automatically adjust the temperature of your side of the bed to what's perfect for sleep and temperature makes all the difference. It's backed by over 600 million hours of data. They've also used those insights to create their new product. Sleep elixir, to help you get quiet before you go to bed, fall asleep faster and stay knocked out longer. No grogginess, no weird side effects. Just better deep sleep. So if you're ready to take sleep and recovery to the next level, go to Eight Sleep dot com slash tucker to get 350 bucks off your pod, four ultra full refund for 30 days. If you don't love it, it works.


That's the worst advice anyone has ever given anyone. Try to outman Trump on camera. Right, right. Patronize Trump on camera. Call the vice president, you know, a bitch in Ukrainian or Russian. Yeah. And things will go well for you. Right. How's that gonna go? And you know what is, it's interesting. It almost did because I don't think Trump heard it or was fully aware at that moment what was happening. Like I, when you see, You can see Trump and he's just trying to be cordial. Yes. And JD Vance hears it. He's very, Trump is, for the record, Trump is extremely cordial, you know, for all the talk, how he this Florida lunatic, He doesn't want that.


He didn't want those fireworks. Oh, No, no, no, no. He is elaborately polite. And anyone who's dealt with him will tell you that. I mean, he's a, he, you know, he's like, he's like a inkeeper. And I don't mean to be, to diminish his role or be patron or anything like that, but he, he's the guy, he's like master of ceremonies kind of personality. Like, right, we're all here it this great. Like he is not a public conflict guy at all. Yeah. I've never really seen him other than, you know, somebody standing up with a cane at a state of the union address. And even then he was cordial. You know, he, He really is. It's his in, I mean, I've seen it a lot. It's his instinct. Yeah. I, I really believe the last thing that Trump wants is the kind of thing that happened with Zelensky. Like, he doesn't want that. Yeah.


He'd rather have it behind closed doors, which A hundred percent. So I think when JD Vance saw that happening, you know, he called it out. He had had enough of it, I think. And, but I felt, I guess all that to say, I felt bad for Zelensky in a way, because, you know, as a human being, here's a guy who, he doesn't know who's in charge. No, he's a pawn. He's Just a pawn. He's sitting there being used by Victoria Newland and Susan Rice. And then of course you gonna see Susan Rice pop right up on television on CNN almost immediately. So they had her ready to go. You know, She's a hard, she was my neighbor for five years. We shared a backyard. Very nice. And I, I liked her husband and she has nice children, but she's a hard case. Like for real. She's, she's a hard case.


She's not. How do you mean? She's just, you know, she's tough. She's not a sentimental person. Yeah. Like, she knows if she decides on a mission, like whatever it takes to achieve the mission, period, I'm not even attacking her. I'm just noting that, you know, she's definitely not, you know, someone who's gonna let human emotion get in the way of achieving what she thinks she wants to achieve. And so the mission, the mission is to destroy Russia. Right. Right. So getting back to the mission is to Dr just to be clear, Ukraine and Zelensky himself, I totally, you're the only other person I've heard say that. But I completely agree with you as a human being. I feel for him. I think he's committed a lot of crimes. I think he's killed a ton of people, tried to assassinate a bunch of people.


They have assassinated people. He's allowed his weapons to be sold to terrorist groups. I mean, it's really, he's really been bad. However, he is a pawn. Yeah. And that's totally true. He's a hapless pawn. And the nation of Ukraine is caught between great powers as it has been before, as Poland has before. And so they're all in some deeper sense victims. This is a war between the United States and Western Europe and Russia. And so it does raise the question once more, like, why, and you, you, you're, I of course interrupted you, but, and I'm sorry, but your answer was, it's an economic play. They want the resources. Is that what you were saying? Or, I think if you look at the clearest example of why comes from George Soros, I think in his Open Society project, to me anyway.


And if you see what he's been trying to do to destabilize and regime change funding, I mean, hundreds of millions of dollars to nato, right? So you see the expansion of NATO almost concurrently with his massive amounts of donations to NATO and to the expansion of NATO right up to their doorstep. So for all of the NATOs, the defensive organization, morons out there, you're lying and you, the ENC of Russia has been, the goal has been the goal through these NGOs. Now, the CIA can't do it out as publicly. Right. So what does the CIA now use? They use NGOs, whether it's the facilitation of, you know, through U-S-A-I-D or other, you know, other non-governmental organization funding All these groups.


Yeah. Funding all these groups. So they do it so that they don't have to, they can kind of step back from it. So the c I can funnel billions of dollars into Ukraine through all of these different organizations and everything else. They can do it through our open borders project in the United States, under the Biden administration, through the Catholic Charities, through the through HIAs, the Hebrew International Aid Society. So all of these NGOs that have facilitated the child sex trafficking in the United States, to me is one of the greatest crimes of all time. And I'm really upset that we don't talk more about it. Maybe we can, but to me the Open Society piece of this is the, is the really the, the, the dri has been a big driver of this. I can't say it's the only thing, but it's, it's born out of those think tanks that NATO needs to expand.


Destabilize Russia, basically install a Western government in Russia to facilitate through mineral resources and everything else, making sure that they're using the US dollar. And the same thing with China, by the way. I mean, why are we, Soros openly talks about this. So this is not like a fantasy. I think it's, it's grotesque if that's really the goal, to break apart Russia. And you heard that airhead from Estonia say that the other day. We, I think it should be a bunch of little countries. And it's like the, the thing that I respect most about Putin and appreciate and grateful for with Putin is that he's kept Russia together.


They more nuclear weapons than any country in the world. It's the largest country in the world. It's 20% Muslim. It's like, it could easily become, you know, post-Soviet Yugoslavia, right. With endless wars that would not only kill a lot of people there, but would also endanger the world. You lose track of nuclear weapons, really. I mean, it's insane actually. Right? What you want is stability and clear accounting of where the deadliest weapons are. Where the bio labs, where are the nuclear warheads like you? That's super important. So if you had a Syria in Russia, like everyone in the world would die. And so how, and I'm, I'm no genius, that's for sure.


And that's super obvious to me. So if you're pushing to break up Russia, we would instantly be in like a 500 year war with itself. Right? Why would you want that? I don't know what drives these evil people. I really think that's evil. I think they're demonic. I really think they're sure. Because if most Americans understood, and we tried to do, at least on our show, you know, some coverage of this, but like, look at Syria for instance, right? If most Americans understood that there's a genocide happening in Syria Yes. That was backed by President Biden. Yes. And the, you know, the removal of Assad, regardless of what you think about Assad, doesn't really matter.


Matter else required to hate. I don't, you know, I don't have strong feelings, but You're required to hate him. And you're also required to believe the propaganda because Some douche bag at the Atlantic magazine decides he's in the way of some goal, some other country has. No, no, no. I'm an American, right. And I'm a Christian also. And Assad protected the Christians. That's a fact. And whatever else he did. So I think it's totally fair for me to say I don't want chaos in any country. 'cause it's a threat to me and my country. We get terrorism because of it, or mass invasions like Europe has had of refugees. And I don't want the Christians to be murdered. Like, I, I don't know. It's such a weird position. How can you take that position? Can I say one other thing that I was, should've put like, here's my theory on Russia.


I think it's clearly a resource player. You're absolutely right. Americans loved Russia and it was supine and chaotic. And the life expectancy for men was 49. And everyone was like dying of cirrhosis on the sidewalk and all that. They loved it. 'cause they could loot it And they did. Oh, Bill Clinton looted the hell out of it, for sure. Yeah. But I really think the problem with Putin is not his territorial expansion. Putin has shown no sign that he has territorial ambitions. He's, he's got a country that's like almost impossible to manage already. Right? He wants Poland stop. He wants Portugal. You moron. Right? No, he doesn't. It's like only children believe that. No, I think the difference with Putin is Christianity. And I, I think that, I didn't used to think that, but then I noticed that the same people who, and I'm 55, so I remember a lot of the same people and certainly the same kind of people making excuses for the Soviet Union, which was an atheist state.


Putin comes in And he is like, actually, we're gonna bring back the Orthodox Church. We're gonna fund the Orthodox church. This is a Christian country. And that was it. That's when he became like a true enemy of the ruling class of the United States. I saw the same thing in Hungary. Hungary was totally fine from 1945 to 1991. It was a Soviet satellite state, part of the Warsaw Pact. It was an officially atheist country. And then it was a kind of transition period. And then Orban comes who's like heart. And he's not even right wing. He's like kind of seventies liberal living, let live guy. But he's like, no, there's a Christian country all of a sudden Can't Have that. The Atlantic magazine and the Atlantic Council and every other group of stupid people with power in Washington.


It's like, we need to kill him. Right. And In fact, there have been attempts on his life, actually, at least one that has not been publicized. I didn't know that. Well, yeah. By that, you know, by the same block of people. And they hate him for that. Yeah. So I'm just, I'm just trying to underst Susan Powell from U-S-A-I-D flies into Hungary and starts like setting up operations to destabilize hung, you know, You remember that? Oh yeah. Yeah. And then we send under Biden, we sent an Ambassador Pressman, I think his name was this gay guy and his boyfriend or whatever, to spend his entire time in Budapest lecturing the Hungarians about how bad they are.


It's like, that's our, that's diplomacy. That's our ambassador. No, it was his whole role was to insult the Hungarians inflame the relationship between the Hungarian government and the US to basically try to humiliate them. It's like, why would you want to do that? Why do you think they're trying to kill so many Christians? I mean, 'cause I think it's a spiritual, there's something about, look, let's just be totally honest. There's something about Christianity, which is like the only world religion I'm aware of theistic religion, that that preaches non-violence. Which it does. Yeah. You know, others don't at all. And Christianity does. It's against, no tons of Christians commit violence, but they're in violation of their religion. Right. In my opinion. But you would think it would be the most popular religion with world leaders.


'cause it's like the Christians aren't gonna hassle you. Jesus says, give unto Caesar what Caesar's given to God. What's God don't overthrow the government. Like, it's, it's a very kind of compliant religion actually. And inherently pro peace. And yet they're always the ones who get murdered. When the Spanish civil war started and that famous photograph of the Republican, you know, the communist forces, what's the first thing they open fire on a statue of Jesus? There's this famous picture of them firing, you know, their eight millimeters at, at a statue of Jesus. And it's like, what is that? And I don't think there's a rational explanation for it. I think it's spiritual clearly. And it's very heartening as a Christian to know that a nonviolent and religion triggers people that much.


It suggests maybe it's true. Yes. It's like, why do you hate it so Much? What? Well, it's a, it's a why do you care? It's at cross purposes what their mission. So when you see the neocons in Washington, when you see these war mongers and these NGOs that want the Destruction, you know, the massive expansion of the military industrial complex. I mean, to your point about Europe, I mean, Ursel, LVO Lin, a few, like last week, standing there with Vladimir Zelinsky said that Putin's gonna invade Europe. He's, this is Ukraine. We, we, we fight in Ukraine to protect the rest of Europe. Because if it's not for Ukraine, Putin will march right through, right through Brussels. And people, I think they say That, I don't wanna be dark. I know this is gonna be clipped, but like at this point, Europe is so d and I love Europe and I'm there constantly, and I family there.


I mean, I I really love Europe truly as an American. Yeah. But like, it's so degraded. W you know, I, it's collapsing. I don't, I don't even wanna say it. I'm not even gonna say would it actually be worse or not. I just, but it's pretty bad right now. You do. Someone really smart said to me the other day, the reason the Europeans hate Russia is because it's the only thing all Europeans have in common. It's the only unifying idea. Yeah. You need a good enemy. That's it. It's like the Wizard of Oz, right? You need a good Enemy. But it's not the Chinese, it's not the East. No. You need, and so now, instead of, you know, once we, once we're done with Russia and China, then it'll be space, you know, then it'll be, it'll be some sort of alien race that we need to marshal the military industrial complex for.


So in the United States, it's like, are we pulling back on the massive amounts of money? We're spending the trillion dollars a year to fight these en these enemies that we're creating, whether it's Aade or it's Kadafi, or it's some people on camels in Iraq or Afghanistan. Like, we need to keep, we need to constantly being, we need to constantly move the shell game around. So for a while it's Putin, it's not gonna really work out, but Europe now You can do it, but now it's gonna be China or Iran. So it's Iran next. You know, it's hard to, once, once we've exhausted all that though, it'll be space. It'll be like some sort of a reptilian race or something in space that, we'll, we'll have to fight next. So What is the truth about the lights in the sky seen over the Mid-Atlantic over the Christmas season?


I think we learned that it was In fact a psyop, it was a false flag operation by the Biden administration. I think they admitted it. And I think we got confirmation from the Trump administration. What that, Can you tell, tell me what that means? The Goal was we need, you know, we are gonna show all of these, these drones because we, we, we heard it was Iran. First of all, remember it was a mothership off the coast. So it was Iran, Because Iran tried to assassinate President Trump. Right. Another big Lie. The biggest lie, ever's a that's a, I'm trying to use the F word now. It's lent, but that's a lie, by the way. Yes. The government of Iran did Not Thank you for saying that Did not try to murder Donald Trump during the presidential campaign. I Hope everyone's paying attention to that because that's being, that's A fact. Parroted all over media right now, that The government of Iran tried to murder anyone who says that is a liar or so subject to propaganda that he should not be talking in public.


Right. You know, Roger Stone, close friend of President Trump almost immediately said it was a lie. Came right out. I Said it was a lie immediately in public and private. So Yeah, that's a lie. Whatever. Sorry, sorry. It was fabricated. And I've said on social media, it's fabricated. If You don't know that it's fabricated. It was fabricated. Yeah. Yeah. No, I think regardless of the Iran Iranian piece of it, it was really to, I think, build up the massive contracts for drone production in the United States. So, So, but, but to get back to your initial description. So you think that those lights were government drones? I think so. I think, I think, wow. I think that they were manmade government drones.


And I think that I, I think it was clear what the, the, the plan was if you don't have a massive drone infrastructure in the United States, what way, what better way to get bureaucrats and members of Congress on board with making sure that we build up our own drone infrastructure in the United States by then threatening the idea that these are Chinese or Iranian drones flowing, flying over military bases in the United States. False flags. We have such a false, false flags are very useful. Yeah, I know. Very useful. And they work, I know They work, sadly, USS liberty, USS, Liberty, a famous false flag.


You know, you want to get us in the war against Egypt. Well then Israel and the CIA collaborate and bomb and kill American sailors on the USS liberty. Too bad you didn't kill all of them. 'cause a lot of them lived And they told the world what the hell happened when they tried to use American sailors as a false flag to get us into a war against Egypt. Didn't work. Even those Lyndon Johnson and the ccia tried their damnedest to work with Israel to do it. So you think Lyndon Johnson knew that American sailors were being murdered? 100%. It goes all the way to him. You can read Blood in the Water. Joe Mellon's an incredible book that Is so evil that I can't Even, it's, he's such an evil, evil human being, such an evil human being.


But don't ask Doris Kerns Goodwin that, because, you know, she'll write a book about how amazing he is. But he was an evil, an evil son of a bitch. And he knew, he knew In fact, and wouldn't allow them to be rescued, by the way. Not only knew about it, but wouldn't allow them to be rescued. They hoped that every American died in the waters that day, but they didn't time for Their true life ALP story.


I got a call from a friend of mine yesterday, honestly, true story, who said his girlfriend had just broken up with him over alp. He wouldn't stop. And I thought to myself, that's kind of sad. And he said, no, it's not sad. Imagine if I'd married her. Now I know I was saved. Then the next day, this same friend is driving at twice a speed limit for a major American city. Pulled over by a cop in a speed trap. Cop takes his license, registration goes back to the patrol car, runs him, comes back, looks in the window and sees a tin of ALP on the dashboard. Pauses stunned. Says to my friend, use alp. Yeah, I do. Says my friend. So do I. Says the cop. We all do. He looks at my friend thoughtfully and goes, drive safely, sir. And hands back his license and registration, no ticket. So in two days, he's saved from a tragic marriage to a girl who doesn't like alp. And a speeding ticket. All true. It's more than a nicotine. In a nation of 350 million people are guessing. There are about 350 million ALP stories. Email us, yours, we want to know and read it on the air email Tell all@alppouch.com. Tell all@apouch.com. Give us your op story.


If your job at a healthcare facility includes disinfecting against viruses, you know, prevention is The best medicine. And maintaining healthy spaces starts with a healthy cleaning routine. Granger's world-class supply chain helps ensure you have the quality products you need when you need them from disinfectants and cleaning supplies to personal protective equipment. So You can help deliver a clean bill of health. Call 1-800-GRANGER click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


Lyndon Johnson knew this, Knew this. Yes. He knew it. And well, He's going, I think he's paying for that right now. Yeah, you would. I believe you would hope. Yeah. And a lot of other people knew it too in the ccia. So I love when people, today, when there's Some guy, some poor American sailors on a surveillance ship. Yeah. Not lightly armed. Not really armed. Think they had like 50 cow ship or Aship Yeah. Ship. Yeah. With massive American flags on the deck. Were a friendly ship. And the Israelis knew it. They had it in their control room on the wall. Friendly, friendly. They knew it. And the scout ships that were flying that morning knew it. So it's a lie that it was a mistake. It was not a mistake.


We have the documents, we know that it wasn't a mistake, it was intentional. So, But I didn't real, I I, I'm aware of that. Yeah. And you're not allowed to say it for some reason. No. You can't say it. Like these are things that you're not allowed to talk about. Right. You Can criticize the US government, but, you know. Yeah. But on the other hand, I will say, I mean, it infuriates me that You can criticize your own government, but not a foreign government that's so grotesque. On the other hand, you also give a, any foreign government a pass if it's acting in its own interest. It's like they don't care about you. You're a foreign country. You know, like, I get it. But the idea of our country allowing the murder of our own sailors who did nothing wrong, were sent there.


By the way, conscripted. We have the draft then. Yeah. Not, maybe not even there voluntarily. That's A great point. That the US government knows that. I mean, I just, my head is, I didn't know that until you just told me. I hope the Trump administration, I hope I, I hope Congressman Luna, who's been part, you know, heading up the, I guess the, The JFK Epstein. Yeah. The release of files. Whole thing. Because You can't just release 'em. You have to have a congressional committee Yeah. To hide them even longer. You Have to redact things and hide them and then release, like do handout. This is not disclosure handout binders. Yeah. You know. No, I hope the Trump administration, I, I've spoken to these veterans of the USS liberty and their, their hope is that the Trump administration and the defense secretary, Pete Hegseth, will actually do a full investigation into this openly, publicly, and not pull any punches because of our friends in Israel.


But actually put it all out there and go through the full investigation testimony from the veterans who were seeing eyeballs of the individuals that were bombing them and killing them onboard the USS liberty. Strafing them too. Strafing them. And when they got in the water, strafing them, you know, and knew that they were friendly. Is that true? Yeah. Yeah. And knew that they were friendly. You know, the captain of the ship said he'd never moved his ship as quickly. He'd never, I don't know the terminology. I'm not a, I'm not a sea captain, but he like floored it in a way that he'd never done before. He was told with urgency to get there and to be put in position.


And he was like, why am I being put in position, like in a kill zone? Like, why can I go another mile offshore when I'll be safe? No, you need to be right in this spot. So the Pentagon set it up. Oh yeah. The C Should be killed. The CIA collaborated with the Israeli government and maneuvered a US ship to this position to be killed, to be destroyed. The mission was for it to be totally destroyed. So you don't have people coming on my show telling you what they saw that day. Like they all were supposed to be dead Gulf of Tonkin. Remember the Maine, you know, you could go down the list nine 11, you know, drones over the east coast of the United States, like these false flags work for a reason.


But You can't kill your own people. You're not allowed to do that. That's just gotta be a red line. The CIA would never kill its own people. You can't kill your own people, period. Yeah. You can, this, you're Supposed to protect your own people. You're in charge of these people. Right. It's like killing your own children. Tuskegee experiment. You can't kill your own people. You can't put American ships and American sailors in waters and then tus nuclear weapons on them. You can't do that. You can't have the Tuskegee experiment. We have a long history of, of doing these things. And, and I Just feel like that's a, that's a pretty bright line. Like, I am leading people. I have to do whatever I can up to and very much including giving my own life Yeah.


To protect them, to act in their interests. That's why I'm the leader. Right. That's the way you feel about your children, should be a var, a species of the way you feel about anybody you lead. I'm in charge. Yeah. I get the benefits of being in charge, but I also have, you know, the responsibility, the burden of being in charge, which is to act in their interest and sacrifice myself for them. It's, it's super simple. That's the basic bargain. People will follow, children will follow a father, men will follow an officer if that's the deal. Right. But if you violate that, if you say, well, I'm gonna kill people, I'm supposed to be saving, then you've broken the deal and you, you are not a legitimate leader.


Yeah. And You can get flagged at that point, actually, I think. Yeah. I think it's totally fair. Right? I would think so. I mean, but then you've, the history is lined with people who put their own, their own men in harm's way. Look at mal, you know, you know, leading your own men for personal purposes, killing them off for personal purposes. There's long lines of socialist leaders for sure. Doing this. Well, that's why we always hated them. Yeah. But I, Lyndon Johnson did that on purpose. Wow. That's super, super dark And a lot of other dirty things. Right. And a lot of other dirty things. So the, the most famous dirty thing, of course, that he did was participate in some way.


It's still not clear in the murder of The president. Right. GFK. And, and you really see this in maybe the third volume of the Caro series, the biographical series on Lyndon Johnson. Right. Robert Carroll was Robert, I beg your pardon. Robert Caro has written this Yeah. Series of books. And Robert Caro was, you know, I think too sympathetic, et cetera, et cetera, but in, and very liberal and all that. But in the portion where Johnson is on the plane in Dallas and learns that Kennedy has been murdered and then is sworn in on the plane as president, it's really clear, really clear from Carol's description that this is not a surprise to him.


Not a surprise at all. And You can go down so many corridors of this. And it's not just as simple as Lyndon Johnson, you know, was somehow involved with using his own hitman that had used previously. Right. You know, it's not as just, that's it, that's the story. Right. I've read so many books on this, and you pull the threads, you know, how, how is, how is, was it Jack Rubenstein? How is he there that afternoon? Yeah. How, how is, how is, you know, how is Lyndon Johnson tied to this with a hitman? How, how is the mob tied to this? Like all of these strings converging, you know, it's, it's remarkable.


And then, can I just say this? I know it's crazy. It's crazy to talk about. But there were people like Billy Meyer who predicted this and prophesized this years in advance and knew the dates, knew the locations where he would be killed. Yeah. And also knew the, the dates and locations of where RFK or RFK would be assassinated. So there's, there's so many pieces that we still don't, I Are you hopeful at all that we're gonna get in these JFK documents actual Well, it's, it's interesting. I mean, I, I was never interested in the Kennedy assassination. It was overcovered and it seemed like the kind of territory of wackos and conspiracy nuts. Well, That's where the th the term came from. Oh, I know. Well then of course, you know, it's, it's not ignorance that makes you a conspiracy nut.


It's knowledge, Which I Didn't know I was such an idiot. That's a great point. I Still am an idiot in some ways, but I, I've learned that Welcome to the club. Welcome to the, welcome To the Cup. That, but in the past, yeah, the past six or seven years, I have learned a lot about it. I'm hardly an expert, but I've learned enough to know that there's something actually there. And I mean, I've learned a lot about it actually. So, but anyway, the point is, president Trump, to his everlasting credit issues, an executive order on January 23rd saying, you know, release the files on the JFK assassination on the Bobby Kennedy assassination, The best hotel in 1968, June, and then on the MLK assassination, you know, the April of 68.


Yeah. Which I've always thought, to my credit, I've always thought that was a conspiracy. I mean, clearly that's an absurd story that James Earl Ray, an escape prison made somehow winds up in Heathrow Airport with two fake passports. Like, how did you do that? Clearly there were others involved. I don't know who sounds A lot like Butler Pennsylvania too, doesn't it? Right. Same. How has that happened? But he issues this executive order, which I guess as the force of law, he is The president of the United States, elected President of the United States. He does this three days after the inauguration. It's one of the first things he does. And here we are in March, whatever it is, the second week of March. And we've got nothing. And in the case of Are we being played, I honestly don't know what's going on. But I'll tell you just by deduction, what I know is true, first of all, I know that the CIA was involved in some way or parts of the ca the angleton, the counter, yeah.


Intel part of the ca ca is huge. It's not everyone in the cacia, but there were ca officials who were involved. I know that. 'cause I know someone who saw some of the documents and told me that. But I have thought up until recently. Well, it must be, you know, they're trying to protect the institution. The ca everyone's dead 62 years later, everyone's dead. So why are you holding it? Yeah. Like, why don't just, here's everything we have. Like, why do you care? And I always thought it was, well, you gotta protect the ca But then, you know, we had the church committee hearings 50 years ago, And they showed the CA was up to all kinds of nonsense, like pretty dark stuff. And everyone already knows that. Yeah. So they're gonna further discredit the institute. Like, nobody cares. Actually. Nobody cares. Everyone knows the CI is the most corrupt organization in the world. Nobody Can even name the CIA director in November of 63, John McCone.


But people don't know. They don't care. So why are they even now, even a month and a half after the executive order, requiring them to release these files, whose location we know. It's not like they have to gather all these files. We know we're, they're in the national archives, most of, of them. Yeah. And they're all digitized, by the way, this idea that they're in boxes, that we need somebody to go through it. It's the same garbage with the Epstein files. So, but like, what the Hell is This? They're all, they're all digitized. Right. So what are you, who are you Protecting? Well, that's the question. Who, who, Is there a foreign government involved in this? Well, there's, I know this for a, a fact. There is active pressure, active pressure on elected officials to stop this disclosure right now.


Now in 2025, that was 1963. And Where's that coming from? You know, I don't know. And I'm not gonna speculate on it, but there's active pressure. And I don't believe for a second that it's from the ca who John Radcliffe, former Congressman John Radcliffe, who's now the director. He cares. I don't think so. So does John Ratcliffe want these released? Or is he, Is being I the famous idea and I I I don't have any evidence that Radcliffe is involved in efforts to prevent disclosure. I don't, I don't mean to suggest that I do, but I'm just saying like, who is powerful enough to scare people into slow walking the disclosure. And by the way, slow walking and disclosure is the same as not providing the disclosure.


Yeah. Why are they slow walking to, to somehow continue to hide facts? What is the purpose? Who is, you know, what is the force acting on the US government, on the new administration to prevent disclosure? And I think it's a totally fair question because it's The president of the United States who got murdered. The people voted for it. This is the heart of democracy. We vote for our leader, and it was overturned. And so anyway, I think it's very important to get to the bottom of the JFK thing. Yeah. And the Epstein files and all of the other, all of the other things that are being kept by the United States government without transparency to the American people. Again, the US' Liberty story, I mean, and, or, or hey, is the United States government have, we've been secretly funding with billions of dollars tic propulsion technologies because we captured UFOs.


We know that we have down craft, we have crash retrieve. We have how many whistleblowers have come out now that were on crash retrieval Under oath, by the Way, under oath. Crash retrieval whistleblowers, high ranking members of the military. By the way, these aren't like schleps. You know, I don't, no, these Are not Corporals. I don't even know what that word means from the Motor pool. No, no. These, yeah. But these are, these are people that have high, you know, classified clearances, motor Officers. Yeah, yeah. Who've been in, involved in crash retrieval programs. We have the technology, we've had it for years. Like sometimes we do this on our show and people like, oh, there goes Clayton. Again, talking to my UFOs like this, to me, is one of the biggest stories of all time. You mean we have technology that we can travel from here to Paris instantaneously, but you can't let us have it.


You mean to tell me we do have That technology, I mean, purportedly that we have, or we figured out how to use that technology, I don't know that we've been able to use it as well as they have, but we have technology that can move us at incredible speeds. That human body, under normal circumstances would be ripped apart doing nine Gs. Right. But, and with this gr propulsion technology, we're protected in that way. So I don't understand all of it. All that is to say that yes, we, there's technology that we aren't allowed to see that some defense contractors are and have had access to. And that's the brilliance of this program, which is like break up pieces of this program and disperse it to Boeing, to Northrop Grumman, to all of these different, so You don't get to really talk, you get working on different pieces of this project, how it all comes together, I don't know.


But we have high members of the military who've been involved in the retrieval for the purposes of reverse engineering and studying. I Noticed though that it's all death related technology, which does tell you something, right? No, no, seriously. It's not like, why do you think The defense industry is so involved in it? Right. But it's just in, I, no one is claiming, I've never heard anybody say that the US government is hiding technology that, you know, might actually help you. That would Ah, So that's where, And they don't talk about it, but I have talked to sources who've told me that they've witnessed firsthand this tech health technology being used to regrow limbs that we don't have access to, like basically the eradication of cancer, but limbs that were missing, regrowing human limbs using this technology, described it as like a wand in others.


But I don't know. I've never seen it. But the, somebody has seen it, And there are people who've openly talked about it and who've, I don't know, been quoted and been, you know, and reported it in different books. But I, I've spoken to an individual who saw it personally, this technology, so it's not all death related, but I don't know how much of it is, is, is health related. But certainly the ability to scan bodies, maybe eliminate cancers, maybe regrow limbs. Wouldn't we love to know that. I would love to know that. And if they're keeping, so maybe it's all bs.


I don't think so. And I think if they have it, we deserve to know about it. And if our taxpayers, if taxpayers are funding these reversal technology programs, and they're keeping it quiet from us and it's compartmentalized and we're not allowed to see it, that to me is a travesty. You mean to tell me the biopharmaceutical? So you might be thinking, why, why would they keep it? So the biopharmaceutical complex, which is arguably bigger than the industrial comp, the military industrial complex in Washington. Right. By volume, why would they, why would they push covid shots on us without trials, without actual human trials and Oh, they tested on, oh, they tested on 11 mice. Okay. Okay. Just, that's good.


So let me inject myself with that. That's enough. You know, that's enough for me. 11 mice, 10, 10 wouldn't have been enough. That's When the mRNA vaccines came out. I thought to myself, oh, there's never been a successful coronavirus vaccine. You haven't tested it. It's a, it's a novel technology and it, it could potentially change people's genes. Right. I was first in line. I want those white fibrous clots in my body. I want you to change the basic genetic makeup Right. Of me. Yeah. What's amazing is you got the shot, now you have a vagina, which is so amazing. I mean, I, weirder things have happened, But No, and then you also get immunity.


Then you get, then, then your company, then your company rolls out this vaccine without, without a, without any testing, but also gets legal immunity as well. And so now you can't be sued for it. So the biopharmaceutical complex would love to basically continue to sell you medicine for the rest of your life, make you sick with, you know, highly processed foods. And then on the other side of it, also give you, you know, statins, you know? Right. So they, they make money like funding both sides of this stuff. So we, there's a technology that will eliminate, maybe potentially eliminate cancers or fix, fix my tumor in my body with a, like, with a wave of a wand.


Again, I'm not saying I, I've seen it. I'm saying, I've heard that this technology exists. Wouldn't you love to keep it under wraps in the same way that with Nicola Tesla finding free energy that we, you mean? Oh, you mean the atmosphere. I can literally pull etheric energy right outta the atmosphere and power my home. We can't have you have access to that because you need to buy gasoline. You need to buy, you need to pay the power company. So wait a minute, I can set up a, my own sort of like Tesla device. Why do you think the FBI rated his, you know, his, his work in New York City and took all of his, all of his documents. We can't have, we cannot allow you to have access to free energy or things that would eliminate cancer because somebody's gotta make money off of it.


I mean, to me it's Occam's razor, right? It's the clearest definition of like, why, Before I forget, where did nuclear technology come from? I've never heard anybody explain where it came from. It's like, oh, Germany, the 1930s. Really, what was the moment where it was discovered? I don't know the answer to that. I know that a lot of incredible technologies emerged right around that time. And there were also, at that time, downed UFOs similar, you know, at that, right around that time. Yep. So it is remarkable that we suddenly had transformers. Where did transformers come from? Where did all of these weird technology, where did the mi, where did the microchip come suddenly come from?


Silicon microchip? Where did all of that suddenly come from? Right around the same time as reports of downed UFOs that are being reverse engineered. What other technologies do we have access to that we don't know about? That were part of these craft telepathic machines that are able to connect without even using your hands? You know, individuals who've seen these crafts. So they're basically able to control them with their mind. The US government has access to that. Shouldn't we know about it? Probably, you know, there are some who argue, no, we shouldn't, we shouldn't because it would blow our minds. We shouldn't be allowed to see this stuff because it would alter space time continuum.


Yeah. You, I, of course, I'm always for disclosure. Of course. On the other hand, I always think of like the classic kidnapping scenario where someone is kidnapped the kidnapper's demanding a ransom. And so there's a hope that the kidnapped person will return home alive as long as the ransom is paid. But in order for that to work, the person who's been kidnapped has to remain blindfolded. He can never see the kidnapper because the second he does the kidnapper has to kill him. Hmm. There are moments where big picture, knowing too much is a huge threat. Yeah. And I wonder if we're there right now because we're having this conversation. Your show is, you know, crushing it online on YouTube and Rumble and, and, and other people are running, are doing shows like that.


And X is pretty open actually. People can pretty much say what they want. And maybe people know too much to be governed actually, once you realize how fake a lot of the things you thought were real turned out to be like, how do You, you're gonna pay your taxes? Well, that's very much how I feel. Yeah. You know, why are you paying your credit card bill? Right? This is a total scam. Right? This is, I mean, it's a, it's a complete, you know, it's loan sharking, but they spend more on congressional campaigns than you do. So they get to like destroy your life. I dunno, there's a lot of stuff like that. Right? And so like, how long can our government keep free speech and exist?


I mean, if they wanna rever, you know, if they wanna cover up things like the massive, you know, child sex trafficking operation in the United States or any of these big things, they're gonna go to great lengths to silence journalists who are uncovering this or clamping down on cross social media platforms like, you know, or demonetizing or blocking videos when we cover certain subjects. And so they're, they try, but I think this information is getting out there more than it ever has. It Definitely Is. And I love it. But to your point then, do we become ung governor ungovernable? Am I saying? Because we can't, because we're saying, wait, wait, the CIA killed JFK, the CIA and a foreign government collaborated and killed American sailors.


Why would I want to join the US Navy? Like that's what my government does. Of course. Why would I pay my taxes when the IRS is funneling $20 million to Uganda for, for circumcision studies or whatever. Like, why would I pay my, so at what point do you have a revolution? Do you have a Thomas pay? Well, that's exactly, that's what I'm saying. Yeah. So like, it does feel like we're reaching, you know, for all of their silly censorship attempts, like people I know are, I don't want to use the radicalized, but they're way more open-minded than they were five years ago and infinitely more than they were 20 years ago when one 10th of what you just said would've given, you know, earned you a clinical diagnosis.


Right, right. Yeah. You would've been by definition, crazy for saying anything like what you just said. And now people are like, yeah, you know, I dunno if that's true, but that could be true. Yeah. And so I just wonder, like at some point, if you're gonna maintain, if you, if you believe the world is run effectively by criminal cartels with very dark anti-human motives, obviously true, then like they have way more power than we do. They have way more advanced weapons than we do. They're clearly loosely organized across borders. And so like, how long are they gonna put up with this? Like you and me sitting here, you know, reading X and commercial breaks? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I Don't know. Like this, is this sustainable? I have hope.


I have hope. You know, I'm a glass half full kind of person. I always have been that the Trump administration. Yeah. You know, the difference between people, I look at the, the first Trump administration and this Trump administration, Trump gave Zelensky Javelins. No, I know his first in, you know, his first Trump administration, and now he's yelling at him in the Oval Office And he is cutting off, you know, surveillance aid and other things. So I'm hopeful that things have changed, that he's surrounded himself with the right intel people to clean house. But if there are those deep state forces, and when I say deep state, people kind of roll their eyes, but it's just the permanent government, you know, it's just the people that are of course, entrenched there, of course, for 40 years, of course. Right. The bureaucrats who have these interests at heart, whether it's child sex trafficking operations for rich people in the United States, or the pedophiles in Hollywood, or whatever it is.


You know, they have these interests and these moneyed interests to funnel money back to their spouses or whatever, through these NGOs and everything else. Can the Trump administration, can these people actually clean house? So I'm hopeful, can they get 'em in there? Can they actually root them out? And we can actually get back to maybe a pure, a pure American government in the, in the vein of like a Thomas Payne, which is, we don't like government, but can we have the least amount of it as possible? And I think the American people would rally around that per, I just, I feel it. I see it, I see it among people who were not even Trump supporters, who've now become, they're become champions of what they're doing with Doge and these other things.


And Yes. And they're hopeful for the first time in a way that they're maybe the American government they learned about in civics, civics classes is attainable once again, which seems growing. I never thought I'd see it be attainable once again, you know, in the era of NAFTA and everything else with under Bill Clinton and George HW Bush, and Halliburton, all of the, all of the things that drove me crazy, you know, war and Iraq and all the, all of that. Are we somehow getting back to what it means to, to the, you know, the United States constitution that I'm hopeful about that. And I think, I think we could get there if we have the right people in power. It, it Really does come down to that, doesn't it? Yeah. The popular will is not quite as relevant as I thought it was.


It's a great point because where were, we had the trucker convoy in Canada, which showed incredible bravery Yes. To, you know, where was the massive trucker convoy in the United States? Like, where were the men? I, oh, I agree. You know what I mean? Like, where were the men during the Biden administration makes, were saying, we're done with this and we're, you know, what we're I either I'm gonna put on my MAGA hat or not. It doesn't matter. I'm gonna put on my trucker hat, it doesn't matter. And we're taken to the streets and we're gonna go down to the southern border and you're not getting across our southern border. Like there, I know there was some pieces of that, but I feel like the organizing principle of the United, I feel like there's a lack of that. And I, I, I don't know. I I, I worry about that popular, that popular push and for people to stand together and say, enough is enough with this tyranny.


You know, It does come down to men. Yeah. And yeah, I'm thinking a lot about my father recently, and I, you know, whenever we're all flawed, but I, I just don't, I haven't met a man like him really in the last TI can't remember the last time I met a man like him on a mo on the basic level. I mean, he, he was the kindest, most loyal father, but there were absolutely limits. Like if you were rude to his wife, for example, he'd punch you right in the face without even hesitating. Yeah. Not for one. I saw it happen on the parking lot of a movie theater as a tr shocking, but, you know, can't be rude to my wife. Like, there are just limits. I don't know. Yeah. Right. Yeah. There are rules here, right. And one of them is, you can't attack my family, period.


And I don't know, I loved growing up like that. 'cause I felt like my fam I loved it. I'm, I tried to be that father and husband, but I, I loved it. It gave us such security. It's like no one fucks with pop. He is not, he's a loaded gun man, you know? Wonderful man. Hilarious. Really nice. Yeah. But if there's any threat to the family, like, it's not even gonna hesitate. He doesn't think about the consequences. You See some of these videos emerge. Where are the men like That, Where like, it says, oh, the, you know, the moment you, she knew that he, she, he wasn't the one. And there's like a, you know, a robber comes up in the alleyway and, and the man like just leaves the girl there and just runs the opposite way. I'm like, holy smokes. You're right. Like my dad, you know, he, he served, he served in Nuremberg after the war, took over an SS barracks there and ran tank drills all through, you know, Nuremberg, it, you know, it was, and, but he was a tough guy.


But he was, he was also the most kindest, you know? Yes. But he was, he would not be messed with like, with, you know, whether it was cut off in traffic or messed with, he would, you know, he wouldn't put up with it. And he also wouldn't put up with it for the treatment of his children and his family either. Well, of course not. You know, and I think we need more of that. Well, I totally agree. And I just don't, I don't see, at least in the world that I live with, I was talking to my brother the other day and saying, when we were kids, you know, being Maine in the summertime, and boy, you could not be rude to people like that wouldn't end well at all. And I said to him, you know, I don't remember the last time I was ever in any sense, intimidated by any white man.


Like, there's just no, no white man's gonna kick your ass. I'm sorry. I mean, I am a white man. I not against white men, unlike everybody else. I like white men. I'm the, you know, father and uncle of some, but I don't feel any, there's no intimidation or whatever. It's like, you know, what are they gonna do? Nothing. My son brings up this story. I can't believe I'm gonna share this, but the, like, the stories that my son, he's 14 now, will kind of bring up are when, when daddy gets pissed And he, he likes it. I think as a young man, maybe you sort of, you endear to that, you know? Yeah. And there was one time there, this, the guy rode past, rode past, we were all riding bikes as a family. And this guy rode past on his motorcycle and just flew Right.


Almost almost hit my young daughter and almost almost killed her. Like, flew right past her. Oh my gosh. And I flipped out and I had the baby on the backseat of my bike, and I was ready just jump off and run after this motorcyclist. And my wife jokes to me like, what were you gonna do? The baby was still in the carrier behind you, you know, on the thing. Like, you're gonna fight a guy with one hand and a thing thing. But, and then we were in Vienna of all places talk about compliant. And it was like, it, we were trying to make it to this show as a family. It was freezing. And we went into this little, it was an information kiosk to help tourists. And they were, it was eight o'clock and it was closing at eight. And I walk in and she says, we're closing. No, we can.


We can't. We can't, we cannot help you. We cannot help you. We been here all day, we've been on. I said, my family's freezing. We're just trying to find this location. Can we please, you know, get to this location? Can you help us with I can't, I'm sorry. No more help. I can't help you all. I said, and I just flipped out. And I, you know, maybe it was the Philadelphia in me, I just flipped it. I said, well, thanks for the fing, you know, thanks for the, the f in hospitality here in Vienna. And I just flipped out. And then she, she kind of called me and said, okay, oh, you're looking for the Shakespeare Theater? Okay, well then it's a, and my son still to this day will bring that up. He's, he's like, thanks for the f in hospitality here in Vienna. So, I don't know, it's just not proud of those moments. No, but that's, I do think like You can extrapolate outward toward a whole country or civilization.


It's like, if the men aren't willing to defend it, first of all, things get very jumpy and chaotic inside as people feel undefended. Yeah. And it makes them crazy and very anxious. But it's also true that you get invaded. Yeah. Do we have, like a nation of beta males right now mean we Get invaded? How could you allow 15 million illegal aliens in your country? And I always used to think this about the governor of Texas, who's a perfectly nice guy, I guess. But like, he sat there for four years and let millions of people who had no right to be here at all. And in most cases, honestly, probably not any conceivable benefit to the United States, invade his country and like destroy ranches, destroy the physical environment, make it dirtier.


Texas has gotten way dirtier, way dirtier and orderly in the past five years. And he never sent his national guard to the border. And I confronted him twice in person about it, just off camera. But like, what are you doing, dude? Oh, it's very complicated. It's not Complicated. And you've confronted him on camera. I have. No, I've been mean. You know, Abbott's a nice guy. It's a great question. I don't think he's worshiping Satan or anything. I, I like Greg Abbott. But like, what is that? That's your most basic duty. You got a home invasion dude, go get your gun. So that to me is even one of the obvious pieces of it, which is these people are literally, you see them coming across your border, they're taking over ranches. They're killing people. Yes. But they've actually set up entire communities. Yes. With homes in your own, in Texas, in the state.


Not only that huge, which used to be Walmart facilities are now Chi massive child sex trafficking operation centers. Okay. So I take it back. I don't like Abbott. 'cause you're right, you're Right under his Watch. It's, it's too much evil. That's right. And you have to blame the leader. No one ever blames the leader. Yeah. Like if your country, that's another thing. It's like it rush is better than it was 25 years ago. Does anyone, can anyone say it's not Yeah, it is. So like, okay, You can say Putin does a lot of bad things. I think that's true. On the other hand, his country's better. Like, that counts for something. Our country's worse. And we never hold any of our leaders accountable. It's like, that was a massive fuck up. The Afghan withdrawal, you know, whatever, the Iraq war, the Destruction of New York City, Chicago, going back to Gary, Indiana and Baltimore like, who did that?


Yeah. And then they named Bridges after the people who destroyed the city. It's, I can't believe the lack of accountability. It isn't. My wife would shoot me if I led my family like that. She'd just, she'd just shoot me. Because that's criminal, right? Yeah. She would come in and she would just put you outta your misery. I'm done. You a hundred percent. And I would deserve it. Yeah. You're leading our family like this. You're done. I'm sorry. All my kids are homeless Fentanyl addicts. Yeah. I think that's a failure. Sorry. I do. Yeah. Well, like Asad, right? I mean, Syria used to be one of the most peaceful countries in the world, but people don't wanna admit it, you know? And so, you know, and but Bad, bad location. But we have To, yeah, like Poland and Ukraine caught between larger powers. But we need to hate Assad. We need to hate Putin, but we can't hate our own leaders enough.


And these people still get, you know, they fail up. As my wife likes to say, yes. These people in Washington are now running, you know, these people who failed and destroyed our country are put in charge of things. It's unbelievable to me. So now that you've moved back to the United States, obviously you never announced your citizenship. You're always have been American with a lot of family here. But now you're living here and on, you know, at the very beginning of this new administration. What are the things that you are looking forward to that you're hopeful for? What changes do you think this administration will make that will make the country better? You know, I live in Colorado and I saw firsthand, you know, families texting and fa family groups concerns about, Hey, you know, the neighbor was just broken into Venezuelan gang, just robbed this, just robbed that.


I'm hoping that violent criminals are sent back to their countries, number one. And I think I kind of fall in line with where most Americans were during, with, you know, exit polling and, and what they wanted, which was that they wanted the economy to work for the American people, And they wanted their borders secure and safety. I think that's what most families want. I wanted to work with Iran, but that's just me. That's not just you. Oh, okay. That's a lot of you. That's The Hudson Institute in a EI, okay. I I've become really, you know, I, I going back to, I know the word isolationist is kind of a bad thing. People throw that around According to Whom. Well, a lot of, you know, a lot of neocons think it's a bad thing.


And they, And they, they try to sort of cover up George Washington in many ways to try to cover up his words on isolationism and, you know, in his farewell address, telling America to stay out of foreign government's businesses. And, you know, I know we, we, we get this idea, this sort of George Soros open society that we need to be like a global economy and we need to, you know, everything needs to be open. And there doesn't need to be, I want a world without borders. You know, I, I don't want any of that. I, I think in many ways, I want America to go back to what I studied and loved and fell in love with as a, you know, as a US history major. Yes. I would sit in my bedroom as a child and read these massive ass history books, you know, everything, you know, David McCullough books and, and, and all of this stuff.


And, and reading about George Washington and Thomas Jefferson and Yes. And I, and I loved it. I, me too. You know, I, the Thing about isolationism is in the United States that it acknowledges reality. And the reality, the physical reality is the United States is isolated. Yeah. It's isolated from the other major civilizations in the world. Right. And that's been a massive benefit. It's not Liechtenstein. Right. It's not Hungary. It's not Poland, it's not Ukraine. It doesn't have to deal with the problems that those wonderful countries in mount attacking them, but they have all these problems that we just don't inherently have because of the Pacific and Atlantic Ocean. So yeah, Geography matters, And I don't understand. So it's mostly rich people who are pushing this and isolationism is bad.


Why don't they pay for these wars themselves? I've never understood that. It's like, attach yourself to the US government and then force its citizens to pay for like your pet war. Why doesn't, you know, why don't these people pay for it themselves? Right. They could if they wanted to. Oh, I'm aware. They could fully fund it. I mean, when Bernie Sanders was out there pushing to tax, you know, to increase taxes for the wealthy, I think it was the Cato Institute or somebody set up a, a website where all of these, like wealthy politicians who are now millionaires, Bernie Sanders, Elizabeth Warren, Nancy Pelosi, they could all donate millions of dollars if they want. Like, you want to, you, you put the money here And they Could go fight the wars, by the way, too, right?


I mean, I think most of these hedge fund billionaires who've been pushing the US government to pay for all these absurd wars and still are, they could send their billions to whatever foreign country they wanted or whatever armed group they wanna support, and then they could go join their ranks. And, But they want, they just wanna make the money. So the, the, you know, the Palantir of the world that wanna, you know, make money off the backs of the technocracy in this country and make money by now, you know, setting up a, a biometric border wall at the southern border, or, you know, using their technology, AI technology to carry out, you know, drone operations and wherever, you know, they're gonna make, they're gonna continue to make billions of dollars off of the war. Unless we sort of flip the paradigm, it comes back to your Christian point earlier.


And I hadn't thought about it in those terms, but it's, it's deeply disturbing because if it is, you know, we want peace. I hope for this administration that they're able to get us out of all these wars. I would love for the Trump administration to take the 50,000 troops in Europe and put 'em in the United States and secure our southern border. We had over a hundred years of the United States forces on our southern border. This is not like a new idea. So, And Germany's had a hundred years of foreign troops on its soil, and no one responsible for the atrocities of the Nazi regime is still alive. And so maybe you just sort of let the Germans be a country again. I think that's fair. I don't think foreign troops on your soils good for your country at all.


That's why the Germans are suicidal. Which they are. And like, what is the point? How long is this gonna go on In Japan? Well, I feel the same way about Japan. Yeah. It's a little more complicated because of China, but I do agree with that. In Korea, for that matter has not been good for Japan or Korea. North Korea has a much higher birth rate than South Korea. What is that? I didn't know that much. Higher. Well, much higher. I know the birth gap over there is terrible. South Korea Is one of the lowest, and I, I'm just wanna say I love South Korea and I love the people almost more than any other country. Just wonderful people. So I'm not attacking them. I feel sorry for them. But their country's evaporating. It's dying. Japan as well, And Japan as well. Another country. I absolutely love everyone visits. Japan is like, this is incredible. Which it is.


'cause the people are incredible, right? And but like having foreign troops on your soil does something to you. It turns you into it, it reduces you. Well, I've talked to friends in Poland who've told me they would love for NATO to break up. They would love for the NATO basis to close in Poland for American forces to not be on their soil anymore. You know, this idea that we need NATO as a defensive organization is, is a complete crock of garbage. I mean, it's never been a defensive organization. No, just look at Operation Gladio for crying out loud. What Is Operation Gladio? So the NATO terrorist armies that were left behind after World War ii Operation Gladio was only revealed in the 1990s.


Documents have finally come out about it, but Operation Gladio was basically the instigation of terrorism at the hand of NATO forces. The Bologna Massacre in Italy. Belgium Kind of embarrassed. I don't even know what you're talking about. Well, Most people don't because it's all hidden And they want people to believe that. What Was the Bologna massacre? Well, using NATO forces to basically, I just wanna compound myself with saying I'm so self-confident. I will admit to being totally ignorant of something I should know about. I didn't. That's what I'm grateful you're here. So what was the Bologna Massacre? I don't know. And I will admit my ignorance on the, the full details of it. Yes. But it, you know, took place in bologna and nato, NATO forces instigating violence, killing individuals in order to prevent, you know, Soviets basically from coming into Italy.


The same with in Belgium with, with attacks there and violence there against its own people. So these NATO terrorist armies were used again, almost like false flag operations. So again, false flags work. This was in the era of like many false flags. So Operation Gladio, people can look it up. It was, the documents were finally revealed in the, the 1990s. There's a great book on it called the NATO terrorist armies. But it's never been a defensive organization. And anyone who says that as being completely disingenuous, people point to Yugoslavia. That's a big piece of it. But that's even just a part of it. These standup, these, these NATO standup behind armies, these terrorist armies all across Europe, were basically meant to prevent Russia or Soviet Union from gathering a foothold in certain countries by carrying out false flag operations.


So, and committing terrorism. That's exactly what they did. And that's what NATO has been. It's never been a defensive organization. I wanted to hit one more topic. So just big picture, I have to, again, if you had said any of this five years ago, people would be like, Clayton's, nice guy, good guy, cute kids, nice wife, but obviously he's profoundly mentally ill. Yes. I don't think people think that anymore. But the one story that I have seen in the past few years that I was just like, I, I can't go there, that's just flat earth stuff. Is the, is the brae Macron, Emanuel Macron President Francis's wife was accused first by French journalists and then by my friend Candace Owens, who's one of the nicest people I've ever met, actually.


Yeah, she's incredible. She's very smart. She's incredible. Yeah. She, you know, she, and everyone's always Candace Owens a hater. Candace Owens is the opposite of a hater. Yeah. But she's a very kind person. But anyway, but she comes out and she's like, I, I will wager my professional credibility on the claim that Macron's wife is actually a man. And I was like, I was like, ah, Candace Owens, I love you, but I think this is too, too crazy. Yeah. Crazy. And then it turns out she's right. What Is so, can you just explain my mind is blown. Well, my wife has been ob by the way, the Candace Owens pieces on this are phenomenal.


And so I'll be sitting there and my wife, I'm like, what are you watching? She's like, I'm watching Candace Owens's whole deep dive on this. So let's give credit, you know, I'm giving full credit to Candace Owens on this for, for really opening this story up from the French journalists who first broke it and then were, I think like ostracized or basically told not to, to report it. So that Yeah, I mean, she's a, he's a groomer. So like, I mean, the fact that Emmanuel Macron was a child and this man takes him under his wing and is a groomer uses the identity of another human being. I mean, I'm definitely shortening the story in all of these ways, but I don't know the full details the way that Candace does for sure.


But Bridget mc Bridgette Macron is a man who groomed Emmanuel Macron. And in their fr I mean, the amazing thing to me is the French portrait that they have, you know, the, the presidential portrait or whatever in the background. You can see like a, a, a pedophile book that's painted in on purpose. Like, you, you can't make this stuff up. Wait, What? The official like French portrait painting? Yes. There's, in the, in the background of it, You can see like a, basically a pedophile book that's been painted in on purpose and other paintings that Brae Macron was famous for having around in the, in the Palace. All these really awful looking things that, you know, you've got pictures of a barn here.


Yeah. Like the stuff that Berget likes to hang around. It's like, it's like pedophilia stuff on the walls. So it's incredibly crazy. What is It with pedophilia? I mean, pedophilia is one of those things that it's like, it's so, and I, but I can relate to almost any sin. But I just wanna be clear, I'm not being holier than that. I mean, there's, I've done bad things. I have had, you know, bad impulses. I can kind of understand why people get pissed and shoot each other or steal or, you know, I don't, but I get it. Road rage. Yeah. Completely. Yeah. You know, there, but for the grace of God, that's how I sometimes feel. Yeah. But pedophilia, like, that's something that I can honestly say with a clean conscience never even occurred to me.


That's like, so Yeah, I can say it too. What what is that? It's, and to me, and what's, what's it's on, its on its surface is all, it's absolutely terrible. But then when you go even a layer deeper, when there's a whole mechanism protecting these people who are all actively involved in it, in Hollywood, in Washington DC funneling, I mean, again, not to go back to it, but it's all part of this operation with these elites who, when you have these children, for instance, in Guatemala, the, what is 197,000 Guatemalan children that were funneled into the United States and were then funneled to be used in the, in the sex trade in the United States.


The United States is the largest purveyor of child sex trafficking in the world. The world. And we bring more children into the United States and are used for sex slavery than any country in the world. When Trump was asked, where are these children, these 300, 400,000 children, and Trump said, I think they're dead. Trump was honest about it. They are, they're used and abused and thrown away. And so when you have people like Bridgette Macron who are like groomers of children, it makes sense that they would be protected. It does. And these elite circles, it's incredibly disgusting. Well, I never thought I would get to a place where I would like nod, as somebody said, our elites are trafficking children for pedophilia.


But actually, once you see what's going on, it makes sense. Because what is pedophilia? It's a spiritual, it's not, I I do think that it's more than just a se a a disease sexual impulse, though. It's clearly that. Yeah. But it's the desire to defile purity. Yeah. I think that's what it is. Yeah. I think the appeal is you take a child who is pure, physically untouched, not corrupted by adult desire, and you destroy that. Yeah. And that's the charge. It's, and that's just, that's a spiritual thing. That's, that's like, that's like child sacrifice. It's like Yeah. Which is ubiquitous Around the world and the way it's still happening, I mean, mean it's, it's a, it's just, to me, it's just part of the same thing.


The, you know, it's the, the child sex trafficking and then they're, they're the killing off of the children, you know? And I mean, I've, again, I've spoken to sources who've witnessed it firsthand, who actually used to be a part of it and didn't know they were a part of it out of Texas and flying these children from these facilities in Texas in Abbott's backyard to different parts of the country. Oh, what about the, well, so you're flying them to where, oh, we don't really know. They say that they're, no, but there's just wealthy people's homes. And do you check up on them? We're supposed to do a wellness check, but we don't really do that. And if we do, it's just like a phone call. And if they don't even answer their phone, that's considered the wellness check on the child.


So the NGOs responsible for facilitating the death and sex trafficking of these children across the United States into rich homes in Miami, rich homes, in, you know, in Orlando, rich homes in Tennessee, rich homes in Washington DC Where, who are you the father of the No, no, not no relation whatsoever to these children. So when we hear the liberals crying about you're separating children from their families at the border, those aren't the fathers. They bring these children across the border. They've got like a, a name tag stuck on 'em. That's not the father. You mean the child that he's holding That's drugged. You mean the coyote that's holding that child?


That child is drugged and you can't even ask the child who's your, what's your father's name? Because that person was brought all the way up from Guatemala three weeks ago, and it's been drugged the entire time. Can't speak and is slurring their words. Like this is happening in the United States and the United States is facilitating it. It's, it's without a doubt. It's facilitating it. And these, these NGOs are receive, had been receiving lots of money from U-S-A-I-D and others, and it's been happening right under the nose of the Biden administration and under Alejandro Mayorkas who facilitated all of it and allowed it to happen. And one was confronted about it, told us that our borders were secure. Really? Okay. Hundreds of thousands of children that just gone missing in the United States.


And I get so frustrated because people compartmentalize this story. Like they're happy to talk about Doge. Right. Which is great. They're happy to talk about other things. But I would love to see like The president of the United States or JD Vance, like get up during a state of the Union and say, we've uncovered something really dark and we're gonna put an end to it. And this is what we've uncovered. We Can't even get the Epstein tapes. Yeah. Just the fi the files. But they're videotapes. Yeah. And where are they? Right. Terabytes of videos from Epstein's home in, in New York and his island. Yes. In New Tet. His ranch in New Mexico. Yeah. So, and I know from talking to FBI agents that In fact those, or former FBI, that those, a lot of that would would've been housed on separate servers.


So when we heard stories about things being destroyed over the past few weeks, that those servers which weren't tied to the internet were individual servers that had terabytes of video data on it, were, was that what was being destroyed? Who ordered that? Who ordered the Destruction of those, those hard drives, those servers? Probably the same people who got into a, the most secure wing of a secure federal detention facility in Manhattan and murdered the guy Right as the guard slept. So probably those people. Probably, yeah. Because anybody who could do that, you know, can't even guess as to who it was, but has a lot of power like that, that's actual power. You can murder someone in a cell, in a federal detention facility. Oh yeah.


You have power And taking over electric cars, driving people into trees. You know, I, there's sources I've spoken to who've really gone to great lengths to shed light on the massive, you know, child sex trafficking operation and who've had their lives in many ways, destroyed, threatened, run off the street in electric cars. So they don't even ride drive cars anymore. Just ride bikes. So these people are evil. These people are really, really evil. Does it Ever worry you? It does, but then when I've got, you know, take my kids to multiple dance classes and swim meets and swimming and, you know, then you just kinda, you just, I don't know, you just, I don't really think about it really.


That's the spirit, you know, I don't dwell on it. I guess, you know, maybe I would never, I'd never leave the house again, but here I am, you know, 'cause I dunno, I I don't think about it. I definitely thought about it more in Europe, to be honest with you, because as journalists in Europe, when we were speaking out against the war in Ukraine, I mean, we saw the persecution of journalists. Oh yeah. Firsthand. I've had friends, incredible journalists like Kor Kassian in, in Germany, who, you know, Syrian journalist I've had, and other journalists in Germany and in the uk I can think of, I can, I can count them on more than one hand, who received nasty grams from the government that they were gonna be prosecuted for basically their views on Ukraine.


Like, what, what is that? What is that about? Or stopped at the airport and detained for hours at a time. So I was more worried about it then in the United States, I believe, like we have, we have that, you know, those fundamental freedoms and freedom of speech. And so I, I kind of hang my head on that. At the end of the day, Even those, I feel like those have been eroded tremendously. Yes. But it gives me, it gives me hope in that way. And I've had gotten calls from journalists who, where should I move? Where should I move? I said, can you move the United States? At least there, like when I was in Europe, I couldn't use, I couldn't access certain websites. They would block certain websites, news websites to get information in Portugal.


But this was EU wide, so it wasn't just Portugal, but it was, I, you know, so, oh, I wanna get information about what's happening in Ukraine. Sorry. You can't do that. It's not allowed based on local laws, actually. Actually. So I would have to use virtual private networks to go around it to act, to, to be able to, I would log into Switzerland or Iceland, but Iceland, you know, EU adjacent. So mostly the United States, I'd be able to log in via a VPN in the United States to get access to news. So when I hear all these people complaining about freedoms, and they're like, I'm gonna gonna move to Europe to get a, you know, Trump tyranny. People have called and wanted to know, like, Hey, you know, I've, you know, I don't like what's going on in America right now, so I'm thinking about going to Europe.


You've lived in Europe. Like, what do you think? And I love that conversation because I say, oh yeah, what are you, what are you hoping, are you hoping to avoid freedom? Like, what do you want by going to Europe? Are you hoping to have more regulation to fill out, more paperwork, to be more censored? Like, what is, what is your goal? Like, what do you think Trump is going to do to you here? He's gonna take away your ability to access news websites. No, no, no. You wanna go to Europe for that? What is Trump gonna do? He's gonna close the border to put what exactly are you upset about? And so I never, you know, really get a straight answer about it. But I, I don't like the climate. I feel less safe from who, like a guy in a MAGA hat's gonna walk down the street and now he's gonna attack your daughter.


Like that's, you heard all of that in the wake of the inauguration, right? There's people gonna start volunteering at like domestic abuse centers. 'cause they're worried their maga husbands are now gonna beat their wives. Like, really? Domestic abuse skyrocketed under Biden. Where were you then? Well, and it's the, it's the, it's the, it's the beta liberal husband who beats up his wife. Yes. 'cause he hates himself. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. It's not a maga No, it's not a Trump supporter who's gonna beat up his wife. No, no, no. If someone hates himself, he'll definitely hate you. Yeah. It's problem with the Germans. I mean, they're to, they're haters 'cause they hate themselves, you know, so they, They'll allow you to blow up their pipeline. It sounds, Spank me harder, governed me harder. It's the most self-loathing thing I've ever, It's I totally agree.


In fact, I was flying back from the Middle East the other night with a German guy sitting next to me who was pounding the wine. Very nice guy actually. But I did say he was, you know, talking about Trump is bad or whatever. I said, but you let Joe Biden blow up your main energy source kind of a bitch move. No. And He goes, oh, Putin's bad. I was like, okay, fine. Kind of an non-sequitur though. They just blew up your natural gas pipeline. And he's like, Putin bad. I thought this is 17 hour flight. I'm not gonna fight with a guy. Yeah. And also, well, that, that speaks volumes about how their most recent election went then of course, too. Well, of course. Right. Because if you have people that, that's, they're, you know, brainwashed into believing that and diluted it's fine. That Biden blew up our pipeline and now our energy infrastructure has collapsed.


And our previous gover chancellor shut down our nuclear power plants and all of our manufacturing is drying up. But Putin bad. No, no, we did that. You did that to yourselves. You did that to yourselves in the bunes tag. Yeah, I know. It's pathetic. Clayton Morris, it is just wonderful to see you to have a, an on-camera reunion after all these years. Oh, It's been my great, great pleasure and great honor to see you again. Well, it Has been wonderful, and I'm just thrilled by everything you said and by what you're doing. And I, I, once again, I think you've got one of the greatest life stories of anyone I know. So I, I hope you write it. I don't know about, I don't know if anyone would read it, but can I say this and don't cut this off, 'cause I know you don't like people praising you, but you have been a beacon of hope for so many of us in the, like, independent media world.


One of the, on the only voice at the time who was still on network television and who was speaking out against war, speaking out against, trying to attack and, you know, and kill people in Iran trying to go to war against Russia. I know you lost that job probably because of that, but just The evidence suggests So, but I just, all that to say you have been a beacon of light for many of us. And, and I, I truly, truly mean that for people who are maybe thinking about you've inspired, I think a lot of people who are thinking about maybe getting into journalism for the first time. And if they would ever ask me, who would you hold up to look at as an, as, you know, as, as someone who would be, you would like to admire in journalism or who I, who I should study and look up to?


You know, it wouldn't be Anne Applebaum. It would be, it would be Tucker Carlson. Thank you. Well, people should study your work, But I, I don't have the credentials that Anne Applebaum does. And as a genius, you know, I do look at her. I say, man, you are smart, I must say, yeah. With these people. Great to see you, man. Thank You. Great to see you. We wanna Thank you for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day. We know the people who run it, good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bells so you never miss an episode. We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter. Telling the truth, always, you'll not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell.


We appreciate it. Thanks for watching.