
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season, and we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear, $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now, here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast terms apply


Con and Gregor. Thanks. Thanks a lot for having us. Th this is one of the great Dublin's, one of the great cities in the world. For sure. For Sure. The best city in the world for Sure. You know, You can make a claim to that for sure. You know, walk around Dublin for a day and then, you know, think of five better cities. Not, not, not possible. It's an amazing place. It's an amazing country. How's the country doing? You know, like, like, like a lot of countries in the Western sphere, it is being governed by, you know, people with ill intentions of its people. Yes. And you know, they have not got the interest of their people at, at its heart. No. However, our country stays strong. Our people are strong-willed, strong-minded, and we are of amazing spirits. And it's about highlighting the issues that are going on.


And as we have been doing, it's toning, we will get there. I am not gonna sit here in front of you with a doom and gloom about the things that are going wrong. I will highlight for sure, but I will highlight the solutions and, and the resolutions and where we are headed and keep the outlook positive. Yes. That is what has worked for me my entire life and my entire career, where I was able to rise up and do things that were once considered unattainable. Yes. You know, it kept a positive outlook. And that's what I will urge my citizens and my country men, my fellow country men and women to do. And that's what we are doing. You know, we had a great moment in the Oval Office with, with with President Trump, where we got to speak and, and before the press in the White House where we got to speak our case, it was the first time it had happened in, in, in our, in our history, really, where we felt as a, as a people, someone spoke up about our issues.


We often hear and very hastily hear about overseas issues or foreign affairs. And we hear about it so much that we are left scratching our head, well, what about our issues? Exactly. What about the issues the people of Ireland face? And that is a rising sentiment that is taking place behind the doors of every household in the country. What about us? And right now, the citizens of Ireland, not only do we not feel like first rate citizens, we don't even feel third rate citizens in our own country. So, you know, we continue to highlight the wrong wrongdoings of a minute, government elite.


And it is minute, you know, on what they're doing. You know, they're using intimidation tactics. They're using bullying tactics. They're using diversion tactics. They're using public funds and public wealth to, to, to to, to enrich private people and private industries to alter the thinking of the public. And we say no more. And we are in the midst of highlighting it and continuing our motion towards the betterment of our country and the saving of our great country. Ireland is God's country. And you'll not go against the nation of Ireland. We are peaceful, we are not harmless, and we will continue this journey onward.


We Are peaceful, we are not harmless Fact. Amen. You could be describing the United States in everything you just said, that all the conversations about foreign policy in our country, it's about the Middle East. Who cares? Eastern Europe, double who cares. And very little about what's happening to the people of our country. And you feel that here? That is, I feel it's even magnified the more here I feel in this administration currently in, in the United States. It seems an America forced stance. Yes. And it's very, it's a very welcome site for, for us over here. We, we wish that for us, Ireland forced, you know, but I, I feel, and as many of my country men and women feel, there is almost like an incentive to speak your piece on foreign issues.


You know, if you think about raise or your next job or your next, your next position, that is where, where we feel our government elite have their eyes on. They have their eyes on the next role for themselves. And then in order to get that next role, they must speak their peace on foreign issues and nothing to do with Irish issues. And then, you know, lo and behold, an announcement of arrays or an employment in the European Union delegate, and then off they go on their merry way after a running riot on Ireland. And, you know, zero accountability of, of doing so. And it's no more, I'm not sure where people think they will go in this small island.


You will not, you will not destroy Ireland and, and be free to walk away. And that is a fact. How do you, I I want to get to how you know all this and how you've distilled it to such a, to its essence. I mean, that was such a amazing description, not just to what's happening here, but throughout the west, the English, The entire western sphere for sure that's happening. And Australia, New Zealand, Canada, great Britain, which has already gone the United States. I feel our, I feel our, our government again, overseas issues. Yes. Okay. Internal. I'm an Irish man. I love my country dearly. Yes. And nothing or no one could ever change that fact. I would give my life for my nation. And I have such a love for this soil and I how I know about it.


I'm just invested in it heavily. You know, I'm an I'm an employer of many people here in the country. I have many businesses here operating in the country. And daily I hear about the struggles of people and you know, the issues they're going through. And it ignites a fire in me to stand up. There's something in my belly from my country that I cannot shake. And even despite maybe the worrisome of my mother and people in my life, why, why? Let's go away. Let's sail on the yacht. Let's fucking do something. Excuse the language, let's do something else. I cannot, my country is my country and I'll fight for it till the day I go out. And that is it.


Where did you, what was it like growing up here? Where'd you grow up? What were the circumstances? What was Ireland like as you were growing? Ireland's a beautiful place, beautiful place to grow up. Very, very community driven and family driven. And I grew up in a, in a Dublin suburb off the city center called Crumlin at Dublin. 12 is the district. It's why I named my whiskey proper number 12. After my district, it's where my public house is that we will go after in Dublin to have the black 4G in. It's also home to the largest children's hospital in the country. So most people in Ireland have a relationship with the area. It's a rough, tough area also. And was It growing up rough? It Was rough for sure. It was for sure. It was. You know, we, we moved out when I was about 17 years of age, and that kind of got me a little break from it, if you will.


But I had, I was 17 years of age, I had already made my friends. I was like an alien in the new place. So I always made my way back down. My boxing club was down there, my football club was down there. All my friends were down there. So I met, although I moved out at 17, I never really moved out, you know, so, but Ireland's a great place full of great people. And I, But it wasn't a rich neighborhood. You grew up In no n no, not, no, no, it was not. No. For sure not. What, so you're 17, what did you, how far did you get in school? I went all, I went all the way to my leaving cert. I was the only one in my family to do. So I held that all I hold that, I hold That. At what age did you leave? 18.


18 years of age. I didn't go to college. I went into an apprenticeship. It's either you get a job, you go to college or you get an apprenticeship. And I got an apprenticeship as a plumber on an industrial site in Tynan County, Wicklow, which was actually at the time, one of the, actually it was the largest building sites in Europe at the time. And lo and behold, misspending overspending over budget, all the rest of it, you know, backhand are central. The thing fell apart, the ass fell out of it. We'll say, and that is one of my issues here in, in, in Ireland, Orlando, people of Ireland, the overspending that's going on.


This is our public wealth being, being administered into private hands, enriching people to, in this influx of illegal mass migration that is changing the fabric of my country. It is Ireland is very close to losing its irishness. And we will not let that happen. You know, and that's it. We must continue to raise, raise our voice and speak our peace. It's almost taboo to speak it. And it has been made that way by our government elite. Like I said, they use bullying, they use intimidation tactics. They use our funds to, to pay our legacy media to push an agenda.


And they do not push facts. They push agendas. And You know what is, I mean, I've only been here two days, but I'm a little bit confused by it. 'cause Ireland is not like the United States in that you have an indigenous population of Celtic people called the Irish who've been here since the beginning of known history. And so it's not like you were invaders, you were also never a colonial power. You never invaded anybody else. You didn't have overseas colonies. You just kind of stayed on your island and brewed alcoholic beverages and Of The best brewery in the land. Not me. Not me. Yeah. Jenison was given, I mean, you, You never bothered anybody. Yeah. You don't have any national crimes to atone for.


So I come here to Dublin, your biggest city and not one advertisement on any public space as Irish people in it. Yeah. And it's clearly part of the same propaganda campaign. Yeah. Like, make white people hate themselves, make white people feel ashamed to be white. White people are criminals. It's like, okay, but why would they, who's doing that to you and why? Like, what is that? I feel since the turn of the crash, our government elite have been accosted into full-time globalist traders of Ireland. And they take their orders from above. And it is not even them, they are being ordered and the orders are coming down onto the people. And the people have no say, we need amendments to the constitution.


We need to remove this tight grip that the political elite have over the public. And that is it. And that is our goal here. Eventually I operate my businesses and my entire life on fairness. That is it. What is fair, what is correct. Our government elite do do the absolute opposite. And it has to change. It has got to change. Our, our culture is being erase, you know, And you have a very distinct thousand year old or older culture that's based on Irishness, the indigenous population of the island that we're on right now. And they, they're being replaced at super high speed.


So you have said immigration is trees and mass migration is treason. Describe the scale of it to Ireland and its effects. Well, in the olden days, my family and the McGregor clan, you know, treason is pulling, you're hung, drawn and quartered if you commit treason against our nation. Yeah. So, you know, it's the, what is going on here is a, is an abomination, a travesty. And it cannot continue for much longer. As you said, we are an island unto ourself, a small island, and we are being governed by a small people who are in turn being governed by another minute group of people. And it must stop. And that's it.


There is so much worry in this government elite circle about myself running for president. And if we are the true democratic nation, which we are not, and I don't believe so, and it's becoming more and more clear and more evident, and the more Irish people are being awakened to this fact. But if we are let the people decide, you know, it is this cozy click where I, you have to, you have to almost bend the knee, you know, to even have a, have a shot at this. I, I, we should be on the ticket. And, and, and, and I, a citizen of Ireland should be allowed to be on the ticket above a certain age of a certain creed and let the people decide The tickets are run for president, tickets Are run for president.


That is it. I do not even, Well wait, hold on. Why? This is a democracy supposedly. Why can't you run for president? Because you have, there's, there's stipulations. You have to get four county councils, which are controlled by the government parties you have, or you have to get 20 nominations of the Iraqis, which are all mostly party affiliates. So you Can't just run for president, You can't Just run for president. So how is it a democracy? Yeah, there you go. How is it? It isn't, Oh, are you gonna do it anyway? I'm gonna push forward and carry on my journey, highlighting my country's plight, my country's fight, and also my country's delight. You know, I do not want to be doom and gloom here.


As I said, yes, Dublin is the greatest city on earth, and Ireland is the greatest country on earth. And I know as an American man, you're probably sitting there twi in your chair. But we love Ireland dearly, our people. No, I'm not actually, I'm, I'm just the opposite. Yeah. I'm thinking you've got a claim on being the greatest Country. You've got a claim for sure you do. And it's worth fighting for. And that's it. That's why I'm here. But So why wouldn't people, I know the media here hates you, but I've never understood why. I mean, you're not calling for invading anybody or throwing anyone in prison, maybe other than your corrupt leadership. Sound like they deserve it. Why would they hate you? I'm just calling for our, our, our national safety right now. Our secure national, our national security is at risk.


And that is a fact. We are being overrun and it's a danger to the public. And on top of that is our overspending of our public wealth. It is preposterous. The, the, the, the splashing of our money on issues that have not, one, not got to deal with us. And two, that actually directly put us in danger. And these are my issues that I wish we'll say, run on our campaign. You ask about my political aspirations. I am of the belief that the era of the politician must end. It must come to an end. It has proven unfruitful. And that is clear as day by the statistics and by what we see around us.


It is straight chancery. Our ministers and our appointed ministers have no history in the roles that they're appointed to. Our minister of finance has no history in accounting. Our minister of health has no hi history in the health industry. Our minister of education was never a school teacher. As an example. As an example. As an example. It is straight chancery. We had dealing with the era of the politician was the end tooker. And I can see with the selections of the Trump administration that we look upon, which has been 24 7 work. Work, right? From, from my vantage point, you know, Trump a businessman, you know, he, he he's running it more like a business and with common sense, you know, that, that, that is where I, I would see it more so than this politicians, where they're all in this clique and it's a party.


They, they are working on behest of the party and not the people. They're working at the curry favor within the party to rise up the ranks. And then the heads of the party are working at the curry favor on, on, on, on the people above them again, to rise up another rank. It just, it serves the country. It does not serve the country. And that is it. I'm simply highlighting, highlighting it, putting it out to the people if they wish for me to run whatever my nation wants, I'm here for. That's, that's it. CNN has described you as the leader. And I'm quoting of Ireland's far right Who has CNN, which is a news channel. The United States c Far left, far right.


All of these terminologies mean nothing to me. I'm a family man. I'm an employer of the country. You know, I'm a supporter of many people and I care about my land and the safety of its citizens and the prosperity of its citizens. I want preference, I want peace, preference, and prosperity for the citizens of Ireland, for my people. And isn't that, isn't that fair for our country? Men and women? It is our country. Ireland is for Ireland, you know, and, and that is it. I'm not right, left. You know, I, I, I I feel I'm centered, grounded. That is what I feel. In fact, I ground myself every day. I walk out and I ground myself every day.


Barefoot in the grass. Barefoot is king. I fought in the octagons, in the cages, all around the countries of Ireland and then into the United States of America, barefoot. So I am a grounded man. Either left, right, I'm center and grounded.


America has thousands of colleges and universities and a lot of them, unfortunately, are basically just scams. It's one of those things nobody really wants to talk about. But everybody on some level knows that it's true. What's an impressive college in 2025? There aren't many at all. Hillsdale is one of them. It is the exception. They cut straight through the woke garbage. They give their students a real education, an actual education media Hillsdale student. And ask yourself, is this The best educated 22-year-old I've met in a long time? Yeah. 'cause they don't have propaganda in their education. Just the truth, facts, history, English, math. If you think it sounds good, 'cause it is good. Think of this. Hillsdale is offering over 40 free online courses You can enroll in today. There's no catch at all. You don't have to pay anything. Not gonna hit you up for anything. It's free. You can learn about the constitution, the bible, the basis of western civilization, Rome's rise and fall. Early Christian Church, things that actually matter, not one dime free. They have a new class called Understanding Capitalism that teaches Americans basic economic ideas, describes our own system. A system that is falling apart a lot of people want you to hate, but for 250 years has been The best and most productive in the world. You'll understand the basis of our economy from founding till President Hillsdale not afraid to preach the message our country has forgotten, which is, freedom is good, Christianity is good, markets are good, And they make this country better by raising well educated students. We endorse this as a college hater. I love Hillsdale. Go to Tucker for Hillsdale dot com to sign up for Understanding Capitalism Today. The course Understanding Capitalism, zero Cost, just the Truth. That's Tucker for Hillsdale dot com to enroll for free.


Tucker says, at best, their credit card companies are ripping Americans off. And enough is enough. This is Senator Roger Marshall of Kansas. Our legislation, the Credit Card Competition Act would help in the grip Visa and MasterCard have on us. Every time you use your credit card, they charge you a hidden fee called a swipe fee. And they've been raising it without even telling you. This hurts consumers and every small business owner. In fact, American families are paying $1,100 in hidden swipe fees each year. The fees Visa and MasterCard charge Americans are the highest in the world, double candidates, and eight times more than Europe's. That's why I've taken action. But I need your help to help get this passed. I'm asking you to call your senator today and demand they pass the Credit Card Competition Act Paid for by the Merchant's Payments Coalition, not authorized by any candidate or candidates committee, www.merchantspaymentscoalition.com.


So in the, the conversations I've had with people in Dublin, every single person I've talked to has said the same thing, which is Irish people can no longer afford houses, their kids can't afford to get married, and their kids can't afford to have kids, And they can't afford to have kids. They, you know, the Irish family of 12 children doesn't exist anymore, in part because no one can afford that. And yet your government is subsidizing immigrants to have kids. Yeah. So I I do, and that's true in my country too. And Australia and New Zealand and Canada and the uk. Like what is, that's Suicide is what it is. It's absolute suicide. And you know, it has to stop. That's it. It has to stop the ri The rising Cost of living is a national emergency.


Yes. And you know, it's, it's, it has to stop. And that to we, we say no, we built, built a toll bridge here in, in, in Ireland. We built toll bridges. They're sold to foreign companies. The funds of this goes to foreign companies. It's, it's, it's silly. It's a little, so The people of Ireland build something and then your government sells it to foreigners. Exactly. And then you have to Pay for it. And it's billions per annum. Billions in profit per annum. And people, another, another thing, the Traffic Corps of the On Garcon is one of the most successful divisions in, in the guardee, in the gar in, in the police force, in our police force for convictions. And, you know, it is the most successful and it has caused untold stress.


Un the people of Ireland. I could, I I wondered amount of suicides and the amount of lives lost and families destroyed over the stress of, of, of, of the Traffic Corps institution with, you know, you get caught driving without tax or, you know, no NCT or it's all a money racket, first of All. So just for not foreigners watching this, you're talking about parking and minor traffic violations, Parking and minor traffic violations. You are put through the ringer. And now, in this day and age, which is why it's so infuriating. And then, you know, we'll keep calm with it. But it's why people in Ireland are waking up, Paul, because everyone has felt in some way, shape, or form the stress of having to make sure that you're by, you know, you're above board on this, on this money racket is what it is.


So it's not to keep you safe. It's Not to keep you safe. It's no money from you not to keep you safe. But on this day and age, now we've got our, our new visitors to the, to the island who get fully exempt from driving without tax insurance, NCT and even on Irish reg plates, free as a bird right through after our nation. The immigrants don't have to, has gone through the most stressful periods of our life. Lives have been lost due to the stress cause of this, of this, of this branch in, in on Garcon. And yet now, people, now, our, our our our our neighbors from other countries are moving here and with full exemption to drive around our roads with supercharged vehicles that have been imported on the taxpayer's dime.


And then also, even another crazy statement is, if something happens to your vehicle, if you're a nice friendly visitor or potential new, new member of our country, you get your vehicle repaired at a cost to the state. So it is just ludicrous. And the people of Ireland are rising up to it. And then even we're just being awakened to it. And that's it. As it as we awaken, you know, we're noticing there's some break. Wait, it's what you said real that's Very, very real, very, very real. And it's How can they justify you? They Cannot, there is no justification. You know what, there is silence. And that is, and that doesn't work. You cannot be silent on this. Like I said, you're not gonna get off ruining Ireland or ripping off Ireland, never in a million years.


But if they're paying foreigners to have kids, well, you can't afford to have kids if they're shaking you down with the armed police, but allowing foreigners a pass. Yeah. If they're paying to fix foreigners cars, but not yours, they hate you and they're trying to kill you. Right. It's an era, it's an attempted erasure of our, of our, of our people. That is it. I could have went, I could have went all that way in the White House. I had to climb. We had to You go incrementally up, right? You go in, Hey, it's, you talk about a genocide. This is the genocide of our people, Obviously, But you know, you gotta claim it, right? So we're getting there and awareness is being made and we make the moves.


And there's many great people. In fact, the majority of the Irish people are great people. Majority, majority are great people. I agree with that. Doing great things for our nation. And we're, and the pressure and the awareness we're, we're, we're putting on our government elite is causing slight changes. You know, they're, they're, they're doing, they're doing certain things to appease. However, how genuine that is, how much of a facade that is. We're skeptical. Our trust is at an all time low. And you know, you see, we walk the length of breadth, the length and breadth of the Dublin city capital and it's love and, you know, cheer and support. Not one politician under any party can do the same.


And that is a shame. And I actually, I I don't understand why they Ireland, we are the greatest supporters. You do good by Ireland. Ireland will do good by you. And none mores is that evident in Ning, myself? Yes. We are the greatest supporters of the in the world. They say, how are politicians do not wish to receive this love? I do not understand it. Fundraising efforts will begin And there will be a large fund built into this, where we're gonna really take back our country and that's it. Funds are needed, money is needed, Is anybody. So you've made a, I think If I, if I think about these Tariffs, what's going on right now? Yeah. While their money dries up and they're panicking about their money, our government elite, our money rises up.


And that is an exciting thing for the people of Ireland to hear. And that's what this is. My funds are infinite and I'm all in for the country of Ireland. And I've got incredible backing from your country and other countries that wish to support our cause. And they said it's a real movement for change. So let me ask you this. So a lot of political movement, or one political movement in particular in Ireland, had support from rich Irish Americans for years. The Republicans, the nationalists here had support from donors in the United States. Do you think Irish Americans in the US, a lot of whom are rich, understand what's happening to this Country? No, for sure. And when I seen Miha Martin, our tuk, our rotating tee shook Grace, the Oval Office on March 12th, five days before St.


Patrick's day, five days before myself, I saw softball. I started a game of softball by Vance, by Vice President Vance and President Trump. And almost pan a little bit of pandering to him being safe with him because you cannot be seen. And I'm sure that that's 40 million Irish Americans and that that vote is very strong for, for, for, for the administration. Very strong. You know, very strong. You need that on strong. Yeah, you need that on side. So they couldn't be seen. Although their feelings are well known, you know, they, they're well against what's going on here in this country. They could not be seen to be tearing through an Irish delegate on the St. Patrick's week. So they played it. They played it. Correct. And then right when I seen this, I said, okay.


And I got my call to go and show, show up. I said, I'm gonna highlight this to the Irish American people. This is, is what's really going on. You know, some people are saying, Hey, I'm from Wexford, I'm from Wexford, my grandmother's from Wexford. I said, Wexford was the sunny southeast is what we used to call Wexford a ho. Well we do call it a holiday destination. It is now no more. There is no hotels available in Wexford. They're all transferred into IPAs centers, which are international protection applicant services. It's this fuck, it's this racket where they're all getting housed. It is a house, it is an office block. It is a hotel. It is a, it is even a school. It's even schools now are being transferred into these, into these island.


Filled with Immigrants. Filled with immigrants. Yes. So, so they totally Wexford Wexford Russell Port is another, is another port where they arrive in and they're in county Wexford, which used to be the sunny Southeast. A beautiful holiday destination is now without a hotel in the county. It is, they've all been transferred into international protection. Why Doesn does someone overthrow the government Here? Yeah. I mean that's like an act of war against your country. I, I mean, I shouldn't say that to you 'cause I don't wanna get you In trouble. Look at statement like, but in a normal on statement, like, I'll say this, we are peaceful, we are not harmless In a normal country. People wouldn't put up with that. We move under God and we let God guide us. We are capable of many things. We're capable of many things as a great nation, as a great people, and we move under God.


Boy, you've Heard a lot of complaining in the last couple of weeks since Donald Trump announced his new import Tariffs on foreign made things. A lot of people don't like it. But the companies who make American products in America with American materials, they're pretty happy because they're not affected by this. They've been doing the right thing since the beginning. They're not paying Tariffs because again, they're making American products for Americans. Liberty Safe is a perfect example. Liberty Safe is not making its stuff in some foreign country. It's not made in China or Vietnam or India. It's made right here with American Steel. They employ skilled American craftsmen who do an amazing job. That's why they make The best safes there are. They have the highest standard of quality and security. So you don't have to worry that when you lock up things that you really care about, they're gonna get stolen. They're not, these are safes You can trust. I keep my father's shotguns in a liberty safe at my house. When you buy liberty, you support American jobs. You protect what matters most. Choose American Steel, American craftsmanship, choose liberty. Visit liberty safe.com for more.


Big tech is a bull in a China shop. Big tech is taking advantage of outdated federal regulations that just might put local TV and radio stations out of business. It's time to modernize Washington's restrictions on TV and radio station ownership. Visit nab.org/modernize the rules and tell policy makers to let local stations compete. This message paid for by the National Association of Broadcasters.


So you believe that Irish Americans, again, who've funded a lot of stuff in Ireland over the years, a lot of investment Need to realize they, where you, where you originated from is on the cusp of being done. And some is already already gone, some are already gone. However, it's not, it's not, I don't, I don't see it as, I see it as correctable still. I see it as fixable. You know, you, I even if you think about like a, the deportation efforts, I, I asked Speaker Johnson, where are you gonna go? Like, what you, you you're talking about this be the largest deportation effort in the United States history. Where do you plan on going? He said the prisons, he said the prisons force. I said, and I just thought, okay, I, and then I thought, and then I thought about our prisons.


Our prisons are overrun right now. We've got I think maybe just thousands of people without a bet, even in the prison, let alone we can't house our people. We can't even house the, we can't even have a bet for the prisoners. So, you know, straight away you're going in there. You, you came in, you committed a crime on our soil, you're gone. You know, that's it. No if ands or buts, why is the taxpayer paying to, to keep prisoners from foreign countries in our prisons? And it's, and it's being overrun. So you know, that, that I, I would be up for that. And then I would be going to these I iPad centers. I would be going to the di direct provision centers. How did you enter our country illegally? You're gone. You know, have your a criminal history gone. Are, are you, is there a genuine attempt to assimilate into the culture and achieve a job and give to the community and support the community?


If so, yes. Cade Miller Fja, if not gone and, you know, we can do that. And then also a turning off of the tap. You know, right now, as I said about the car situation, you know, they arrive, they get, you get favor if you're from another nation. But if you're from, from, if you're not, why, Why, who Who thought of this? It's, it's an order from above. It's a globalist agenda. That's the truth of it. It's a globalist agenda. I know. It's, I know it's so, it it for me, if I get the end, I'm gonna be exerting my influence to turn off the tap. If you think about what Trump has done, they're actually stopping to, they're stopping coming in. Yeah. 'cause it's not there no more. The gravy train isn't there No more. What is there is actually resistance.


You know? And that's, that's where it's at now. There is a human com, there's compassion for me. There's compassion. I employ people from all walks of life. So there is a compassion element. Many people have immigrated here, have done great things for our country. And that has to be highlighted also. But it's like at a stage now where the great people who have came here and immigrated and, and contributed greatly to our society are now being feeling the strain of, of, of, of, and are feeling the wrath almost because of this social unrest. It has to stop. It has got to stop. You know? And we're at, we're at our limit with it. We are really at our limit with it. How'd the next few years go? It's a bit, it's worrisome.


It is worrisome. This EU pact, this EU migration pact that as a president I can get in and I could really rattle it and put it to a stop push to stop it. Which is, which would be the main thing. They're trying to now hurry it through. Which if goes, if it goes through it's like 30,000, 40,000, 50,000. It's an un unlimited number that we'll have to take. It's on the orders of both. And move all around your country, right into small town. This is what they've done in the United States. They move them into small towns around the country. Yeah. So then your country's gone And they don't even know it. Yeah, Yeah. Are they doing that here? Yeah, There's count, there's counties overrun right now. There's a county in Ireland car. It's a gale talk county. It's a gale talk town.


And there's more, I pass, it was a home for the Ukrainians and now it's being altered into an IPA center. And it's, it's, it's one of the last places of our language. And that is being, that is feeling an influx of it. And there's, you know, the people are out in the streets against it. So it is happening in counties all over Ireland for sure. And with this EU migration pact, if the flood gates are open on that, it's, it's, it's a difficult time. It's Changing the religious composition of your country, which since St. Patrick has been a, a Catholic country, you had Anglican overlords from across the water. But it's been a Catholic country for over a thousand years. So now they're trying to put a refugee center in a wait at a Christian holy site town in Ireland.


I was reading This. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. It's hard to think that's not on purpose. Yeah. Yeah, it is purposeful for sure. Is anyone saying anything about this? Like in your media? You know, I wonder, I do often wonder, and I'm almost certain they must behind doors. I, you know, I, it's like if your boss says something and you don't agree, but you, you, you, you're gonna not you, you might have to agree 'cause your livelihood is on the line, which is essentially what it is. A lot of people's livelihoods are on the line. In fact, the only people that don't, the only people that agree with it are in public.


'cause I actually dis I could not believe that they could believe it behind closed doors, boss or not livelihood or not. I'm, I'm almost certain they cannot, they could, you know, believe in this, this way for our country. But that's it. I'm just, you know. So you, your biggest media company is state media. It's like North Korean State Media. It's called RTE. Yeah. And it literally is an organ in the state, which is amazing. But then you have social media and you tweeted on social media. Ireland we're at war. Yeah. Which you obviously are. What was the reaction from the government to that tweet? Oprah? You know, i, i I was the scapegoat and in an incident happened where an Algerian visitor or citizen had an Irish passport and Alger or, so we believe that the, the information is very, is not, not, not fully revealed.


In fact, You can never get a straight answer from these people. Never Get a straight answer. Our children was stabbed outside of an Irish school on Parnell Street, and a teacher was stabbed trying to fight them off. And then an Irish man jumped in and then an immigrant from Brazil jumped in and together they wrestled him down. And then it was, you know, hide it. And my, my blame, my tweets as the reason it kicked off. And that's kinda what we're dealing with. Wait, an Algerian stabbed Irish children. But it was your fault pretty much, Somehow, pretty much was kind of what the rhetoric was. Yes. And then, you know, that that was it. Yeah, pretty much. I, like I said, I often wonder that about, if I think about, you know, who did they believe in this? We've 6,000 members of the Defense Force, 6,000 Army, and we've about 12,000 guard.


I really wonder how many are, are, are, are happy with the direction our country was going? I cannot see, I cannot see many behind closed doors Guard or the police Guard or the police. I cannot see many closed doors that are happy with this. Even if I look at what has happened in some of the protests where the guardian are essentially, the guardian are following orders, they're doing their job. It's a tricky one. And it's a, it's a sad one to see. It was very sad and upsetting to see our guardians thrown on their compatriots. And that's what we saw. And you excessive force. But it's an order coming down. And I feel, I feel sad seeing it. I feel sad seeing it. And you know, most recently one of them came out unnamed and said, it has stayed with him.


They are, they're very, very troubled by it. And it's just, it's just a sad sight to see, you know, Ireland, we should be together. And I, and that's what I said, I wonder how many behind closed doors are really with this cause that we are fighting. So If nothing, I would assume it's most the majority. I Think that's true in the US too. I think prob our FBI is totally corrupt. As I'm sure you've read. I think most FBI agents are probably appalled, but too afraid to do anything. How long, if nothing changes, will Ireland remain Ireland, do you think? How much time do you have before it's just not fixed? Well, we are a small island. We are a small, small island.


And we are now, I don't even wanna highlight. I actually do. I'm actually at a stage now where I'm cautious of highlighting the benefits of arriving here because it's only gonna attract more. You know, if I look at Trump's situation, he's, it, it, it has decreased the amount of people who are attempting to immigrate to the United States of America because of what's going on. This is what I wish would've happened. You know, if you turn off the tap, they go or they stop coming. If you start, if you, if you show a BA basket full of golden eggs, you know, they just arrive for it, you know? And that's kind of what it is. So It's awful here. I just wanna say that It's a free for all with our public wealth, with our money, a free for all.


And it's being stolen and it has to stop. It's not how, how long? I couldn't give you the exact figures, you know, statistics. It doesn't look bright. It could happen year, not, not long anyway. Not long feels That way. So how did you, just back to my original question. You're a plumber's apprentice on an industrial site in Ireland, cutting cast iron pipes and replacing them or whatever you're doing. Probably something like that. And then you wind up here thinking about running for president with these very evolved political views. How did that happen?


Having a love for one's country. That's it. I have a love for my country. I fought to represent my nation's flag on the grandest stage of fighting. That was my aspiration to represent my nation, to open the doors of the fighting world and the martial arts world to the Irish public and to support my teammates. We don't, we were all, we had a kindred spirit rising up, chasing our dreams and a very tight-knit, tight-knit crew. And we rose up and I got in there, I was successful. I opened it up. Now the martial arts lifestyle is a real way of living for many people in Ireland. And I take great happiness in seeing that.


And I suppose it's just continued off of that. You know, it's, it's, it's a different fight now. You know, it's a different fight, but it's still a fight to represent my country to The best of my ability.


Well, Easter is finally here. And there's no better way to remember the story of Christ Jesus. Dying for your sins is the most powerful thing that's ever happened in history. It is really the beginning of history. And it's worth celebrating this Easter embraced the freedom of the resurrection on Howell, which is the number one prayer app in the world. Join Liz Tabish, who plays Mary Magdalene in the chosen actor, Kevin James and others in immersive and jubilant prayer experience worthy of Easter itself. Every single day you learn how to walk in freedom amidst the circumstances, often crushing of your daily life, and let go of the things that you're attached to and that are causing suffering. And instead, embrace the peace and freedom that come when you place your trust in God, which is the only place to place your trust. So enter the joy of Easter with a brief prayer, reflection, meditation every single day through will help you continue the habits that will change everything, the ones you established during Lent. We love Hallow here. We love the app. We know you will too. It's got thousands of prayers, meditations, music, help you build a daily habit of prayer. And to grow, grow closer to God. Download Hallow today at Hallow dot com slash tucker. You get three months for free. You'll be grateful. You did, honestly, you will be.


So when you started fighting, we, as you said, you're a plumber's apprentice on an industrial site, and then you announce in public a few years after that, you haven't heard of me, but I'm gonna be the world champion. Yeah. And then you were, yeah, five Time. Five, five time. Did you know that you were gonna be, or were you trying to put your marker out and then live up to it? Well, That's what I will say here about, you know, I do not wish to be doom and gloom, right. I, i, I al my outlook on life has always been to have a positive outlook. You know, borderline delusional. I could walk into a burning house and see, hear birds chirping as an example.


And that assisted me in being able to block out certain things that may have impacted me. And yes, hammered me and slowed me down from getting to where I, I was going. So I wish to continue with that and have a positive outlook and say it is not all doom and gloom. Like I said, there are, there are positive changes happening incrementally, slowly but surely. Slowly but surely. And as I said, there's a great group of people and it's the majority of Irish people that are, that are at the helm of it. I'm, I'm a voice and a support and as I said, I'm here to serve my country, serve my country to The best of my ability and protect my country. That is, that is all I wish, I wish for the people to have the power and my self to have a vote amongst the people.


That is my, that is my aim. What did you think of President Trump? What do I think of him? Yeah, I think he's doing very, very well. I think, you know, I was p for his 2016 inauguration, although not officially, I was there on fighting business. I was fighting in Madison Square Garden for my second UFC world title and UMMA and UFC had just became legalized in New York at the time. And I remember Trump had been just voted in And he won the election and it was uproar on the streets and anger and, you know, fear I suppose was going on. And at that time I was just an observer. You know, politics wasn't really on my mind at that time.


Ireland was not really going through what it was going through at that stage in 2016. Although it was rising, it was unbeknownst to me and many in the country. Were You, were you not political really? Not really political, no. At that stage, you know, I was focused on my, on my craft and it wasn't at the forefront. It all kind of took a tour in post covid. It all took a real tour in post covid and you could kind of see what was going on and what had going on post the crash, you know, and, and who our government are serving. You can kind of see that come to fruition then throughout the Covid era. And then I just became more invested in, and, and that, that was it. But IIII, I was there for Trump's inauguration when he was sworn in for the first time, fear, worry, panic.


And then I was there the second time in 2024, most recent. And it was elation and excitement. And I thought it was good to see, IIII, they asked me what do I think he'll be as a president? I said, well, when it was 2016, in, in, in the, in the media runs I was doing. And I said, let's see, you know, give the man a chance. He's not by, he's not from a political background, he's from a different background. It's interesting that a see, and I thought he'd done well, you know, towards the end of the term, you know, there may have been times to, you know, as a leader of a country, you, you almost need to, you know, cool the flames. You know, maybe there were some things that may might have fanned the flames towards the end of, of his term that I thought.


But this time around, I, I feel he's off to a good start and I wish him well. I wish the country of the United States of America, well we, I I consider them my dear siblings. We consider America our sibling. And man, I think it's going well and we're getting a, a good fair bit of energy from it, from Ireland, even amidst the tariff situation that is going on. You know, Ireland's people have not seen the money got to do with this whatsoever. In fact, we have been, you know, robbed of our own money and yet, yet yet we are supposed to, supposed to be this wealthy country, yet the people of Ireland are struggling to heat their homes.


So there are many people who are seeing this tariff situation as a, you know, a got you moment for our government elite. I'm not so much of that. I wish, I wish for our, our country to be prosperous and our people to be prosperous. And that's what my aim is. That's what my wish is. And my hope is. So you're not necessarily against the Tariffs. It doesn't sound like, Well, a a government say what good is Tariffs. Tariffs are no good for nobody. Yet they've been tariff in the United States. You know, if it's, if that's the case, then why have we been tariff them? Why haven't we been hitting, why have we been hitting them with Tariffs? I'm not so much against it. I'm, I'm watching it, you know, I'm watching it.


I wish for economic success for my nation. And, you know, Ireland deserves it. That's how trade we played our cards Correct. In certain ways. And, you know, that's it. But like I said, fair, it has to be fair. Fairness is, is key here. And that's, that's what I, that's what I push for Since no Irish politician. Well, you're one of the most, maybe the most famous living Irishmen. Okay. So there's that world famous and you are saying things that the overwhelming majority of your politicians will not say that are probably pretty popular with the people. So you're therefore a massive threat to the structure running your country.


Now, what do you think they're gonna do to you if you keep talking this way? Attempt to tarnish as they are, you know, attempt to disrupt as they are or possibly worse. But I, I do not fear, I do not fear it. Like I said, I move forward under God and my nation can see, my nation, can see my heart and what I'm for. And that's, that's it. That's like I move on and carry on. You're Really not afraid at all. Not a iota. Hmm. When do you have to make the decision about whether you wanna formally enter politics? Well, they, we believe the election will take place November 11th.


So it's a 60 day runup prior to that. So I'm just gonna keep, you know, requesting a democratic process to play out and allow the people to decide and see where it falls. You know, it'll become more evident that they deny this, that we are not a democratic country. Right. And they'll have to answer to their constituents at some stage. You know, there will be accountability, you know, it's, it's how much are they gonna be accountable for? They'll have to decide. And that's it. You've described yourself as an employer, you said that a couple of times. What, tell us about the businesses you employ people in. I've got many businesses here in the country. I've got many, I've got about 300 staff all in. I've got public houses, I've got construction efforts going on, building social houses, Public houses, meaning we would call them bars, Pubs.


Yeah, pub, not public housing pub. No. Yeah, no, yeah, pub pub. Public pub is short for public house. Right. So I've got public houses, I've got breweries, I've got, I've got companies also. We we're brand building and I have also construction efforts where built, I'm building many social houses, houses towards the housing crisis that's going on. I'm currently about 300 houses built already. And, you know, I'm closing in on, you know, my next ventures about a thousand houses built. So I'm doing my part to help this housing crisis. I've always been doing that. And it is at a heavy cost, I'm not gonna lie. It's a heavy cost. What what, what do You mean? Like, there is no profit in it.


You know, it's a, it's a build and it's, it's, it's for the people and that's it. There's no Profit in building houses, No profit in it, you know, for social housing. I'm, I'm getting my money, I get my money back if I'm lucky, you know, maybe a little, a little, a little sweetener. A a a little drink we'll say here in Ireland. Yeah. So, but for the stress it is causing and the time, it's a, it's a difficult task, but it's, it's worth it. You know, there was a time, there was one I done, I completed a bill of eight houses. It was actually my very first one. It was maybe two years ago. I'm only, I've only, I've only, I'm maybe 4, 3, 4 years ago, but it was in a, a part of Dublin called Ry. And there was eight homes and I had got them completed just before Christmas.


So there were homeless, eight homeless families that were brought into their new forever home right before Christmas. And that filled me with so, such energy to continue and go and do it. And I went full steam ahead. And like I said, now I'm in the process. I've got 300 strong now in, in, in, in construction, close to finish, and, you know, more than a thousand being billed already. And that's with me, my own self able to do this with, with every, every block in my way. You know, if as a, as, as one individual citizen of Ireland, if I was to get in and, and to have influence, I really fancy my chances. I mean, the, the bar is so low.


Every statistic, every metric is on the, on the floor. Every metric is on the floor. I'd get in and I'd be able to, I'd be able to decrease our homelessness, you know, build our housing, you know, slow down the role of influx, of illegal migration, control the spending. I fancy it. Our country has not been run correct and it is clearly evident to everybody outside of the political paywall. Everyone is aware of it. And even those inside of the political paywall are also aware of, aware of it. However, they are being bullied, intimidated, and threatened with their livelihood unless they go along with it. So a turn will happen, a shift will happen. I'm doing my part and I'm proud to do so in honor to do so.


And I will continue to fight for my country and the future of the children of this nation. And that's, that's it. Do You really, sincerely be honest, think that your beer is better than Guinness? So it's another level. It's the world's Creamiest stout. Not only is it better tasting, it is better pricing. It is brewed right here in Dublin, and it's an employer of about a hundred people in that brewery. It's an, it's a fantastic brewery. And the Forged Brewery, You can go and visit it if you have time. But we will go and test it if you wish. I would fancy a blind taste test any day of the week. And I guarantee victory. We have, we have done, we've done amazing things with the, with the stout to date. And it's still only on the rise, but there have been many taste tests done.


So there's a couple of stouts, Guinness is the top at the minute. We are number two on the rise. And then there's some other brands, you know, there's some other great Irish brands, Murphy's and Beamish. It's a shared pot, a rising tide raises all ships, you know, the, the others are bullies. Yeah, the others are bullies. I am, I wish to build up are all our stouts and all our, you know, 'cause Ireland, we are world champions of making stout like we are world champions of making whiskey. It's, it's put them all to the test on a blind taste test. Forge Irish Stout. We data, It's just a little weird. I guess I didn't realize that Guinness was an English company Owned. Yes. And they were, yeah. Centuries of colonial oppression and they're still selling their stout here. You know, if you're not held accountable or you've got, you know, you, you're free to do as you will.


That is what it is with, with Guinness. Even, even as they go in, I'm a public also, so I own pubs. So I deal with Guinness and I serve Guinness. I serve my competitor. No problem. We outsell it 10 to one, 10 points to one. We outsell it on site. But you know, other republicans are dealing with Guinness distributors and they're not, they're not friendly, they're not supportive, you know, because they've never had to been, and then when I came onto the scene with Forge Irish Stout, all of a sudden they start coming and shaking the, the public's hand a little bit differently. They start acting Irish start Act. They start, they were held accountable. They had to be, they had to be by the book. It was creating fairness. And then there was a hit job done on me and it kind of took me outta the market here in Ireland for a minute.


And that's kind of what happened. And it was, it, it, it, it, it is what it is, you know. But I have The best out in Ireland. Forge jar out for sure. Interesting. So, And you're gonna have one. You don you don't drink the, you don't drink anymore? No, I Had a, I had a Guinness no alcohol last night. We Can get you one of them. We've got the, we've got the zero zeros in, in on, on site for sure. We'll get you one of them. Yeah, It was, it was okay. Yeah. So that's nice. So in sad news, I know you said you're a, you know, looking at the bright side kind of guy, but Rosie O'Donnell has moved here. If your president and you tackle the immigration crisis, and I do think Pakistan and India take a lot of the blame for it. Africa, but also Rosie O'Donnell.


Like, would you deport her? I can you promise to deport her? What is her criminal history? Has she got a criminal background? How does she enter the country? Does she enter the country illegally? Has she assimilated with our community? Does she hold our beliefs? Is she, is she a upstanding member of our community? No. How would she be? No. If she is not well, then she's gotta go. You ain't gotta go home. You gotta get the head outta here. But I don't know Rosie O'Donnell from Adam, but, you know, would you be willing to I, I believe she's a comedian. She see I seen her on our national tv. She spoke a bit ill of me. I don't know Rosie, she seems unhappy. She seems going through something at the moment and I'm not the type of person to kick a person when they're down.


I wish for her, I believe she's a comedian, is what her craft is. I wish for her to find her happiness again. And that is it. I am, you know, that, that, that, that was what I would, you could feel That she was going through something. Even this Point. I I could feel it for sure. I think that's great. And I wish for her. I wish, you know, happiness and spread love in the world. That's it. Well, You're a very, very decent man, I have to say. Last question. Do you, do you think that Ireland is like famously a spiritual country? You know, your, your patron Saint, Saint Patrick, after whom the day is named, you know, was a Christian leader and you think of Ireland as like a very religious country. It's not really anymore. Do you think it's becoming more spiritually aware or Less Yeah, for sure.


So you feel that? Yeah, For sure. It's spiritual warfare going on right here. 100%. Yes. And we fancy our chances. We fancy our chances in a big way. Me too. Con Gregor, Thank you very much. Okay, Carlson, Thank you very much. That was awesome, dad. Thank you. We wanna Thank you for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day. We know the people who run it. Good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bell so you never miss an episode. We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter. Telling the truth always, you'll not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell.


We appreciate, thanks for watching.