
So it's amazing to me that over 20 years after the Iraq War, its architects and supporters are still not fully in control of America's foreign policy, but certainly influential in it. And it's shocking to me that two months after Trump's landslide victory, a, a race in which he ran against The Neocons, The Neocons are still brazen enough to try and influence and sabotage his nominations. Welcome to The Tucker Carlson Show. We bring you stories that have not been showcased anywhere else, and they're not censored, of course, because we're not gatekeepers.


We are honest brokers here to tell you what we think you need to know and do it honestly. Check out all of our content at Tucker Carlson dot com. Here's the episode. We are days, but less than a week before Chelsea Gabbard hearings. Where are we in the, below the radar war between permanent Washington's national security establishment, The Neocons and the incoming Trump administration? I think it's unclear. So as of this recording 10 minutes ago, Mr. Hegseth, the defense secretary, was just confirmed on a 50 50 vote. Yes. Hegseth is an interesting character, I believe a former colleague of yours. Yes. He appears to have done a bit of a conversion on his foreign policy beliefs.


And The best evidence of that is the people that he's picked so far. So his cadres, the people that will service as, okay, I ask you to pause right there. So what you're, this is relevant to people who know Pete Hegseth from clips on acts of him from eight years ago, saying things that would lead you to believe he's a pretty stout NeoCon. Yeah. But, okay. So that's what you're referring to in what? Yeah. I mean, I, I think, I think the, the available evidence is that he is like a circa 10 years ago was a pretty conventional Republican. Yes. And he has changed his life in more ways than one. Yes. And so he is a question mark, but the early evidence is the people that he has chosen to surround himself are stark departures from the man from 10 years ago.


And so that's a big deal. And especially it is a big deal, especially in a place like the Pentagon. Yes. Which is hard to control. Yes. And wants no change under any circumstances except an annually increase in the number of four star generals. It's the largest bureaucracy on earth It Is. And it exists to serve itself. It's got a pretty abysmal record of winning wars, A pretty great record of spending money. It desperately needs reform. And you're saying that based on the personnel choices you think he's making, he's now the defense secretary, by the way, as of right now Yes. That he is like sincerely on board with Trump's foreign policy. Yeah. I mean, he, he did not need to make these picks. I mean, I, I don't, I don't think he needed to make these picks to get confirmed. I don't think he needed these picks.


That's right. To win any senators. He is courting, I think minor controversy now, which is why we're having this Yes. Meeting. He did not need to do this. It was, it was a move Wow. Of conviction and belief and principle in his early days in office before even. So give us an example. Just give us an example of what you're talking about. Sure. There's going to be this Michael Dino figure who will have the Middle East portfolio. He has been advised throughout the process by another figure named Daniel Caldwell. These are both, you know, people in their forties or, or or thirties, you know, basically they're millennials Yes. Who are veterans of the global war on terror.


They're very much in the So they fought in that. Yeah, Dan did. Yeah. And Michael was a CIA agent, so Yeah. Yeah. I mean, these, these are the guys that were hunting down IRGC, Iranian Revolutionary Guard Yes. Core people. And the, the forever wars that Trump and Vance ran on reforming and ending, et cetera, et cetera. And so, you know, they're very much in the vance mold of, we went there, not really sure what the point was. And we want to roll back from that somewhat. I think you might have heard this message from Mr. Trump at least once or twice in the last 10 years.


So these, I, I dunno, Dina, I know, I know Caldwell, who I think of as a man of genuine integrity, high intelligence and principle committed to his country. I think he's proven that. Yeah. I think he's, I honestly, he's like a wonderful yeah. Person, but he's being attacked by people who never served with a long unbroken track record of destroying America as somehow anti-American. Yeah. How does this work? Yeah, I mean, I, I think that the tactics are, are pretty clear. So no one reads anything. Everybody's fair, everybody's cynical, confused, Says the magazine editor.


Yeah. Yes. Nobody reads anything. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. You're right. Get a headline Yeah. Out there. Call someone a naughty word. Say they're anti a country, or they are radical, you know, if the anyone sues this publication, it'll take years and years and years and hope that some club member at Mar-a-Lago hands this to President Trump. Exactly. And tries to trick him and thinks that Mr. Trump is a stupid man, and this is the approach and this is what they're trying to do. That's exactly, it's a cyclone. I mean, the word has been abused by the Democrat. They've done this to me. Yes. Yeah. But it is, this is actual disinformation.


Yes. I hate to use the word, but like, because, but I think One of the publications, who are the people involved in this campaign of lies? Okay. I mean, I'm not familiar and I don't know any of the, the people over there personally, but the big story that's going around on both Domino, and I believe Caldwell is from Jewish Insider. And again, no one really wants to be, you know, attacked by something called Jewish Insider. It doesn't sound very fun. And so they are running headlines against people And they are attacking them. And they, what they do is they don't say anything that is per se, inaccurate, but they totally strip the context for everything.


So What, let's go one by one. Do you know Dino? Just by correspondence. Okay. And what, what's yours? Is this a radical figure anti-American figure? No, this is, this is somebody who, who's wants to pull back, I would say moderately from the Middle East, which I think at this point is basically bipartisan outside of the radicals within Washington DC Right. And the beltway. Okay. I think, I think that's a fair assessment. So the, the people who want to continue what we're doing at unsustainable cost Yeah. Being a bankrupt country. Yeah. By the way, sending aid to countries that are not bankrupt. Right. Those are the radicals.


I think it's fair to say. So what are they saying about Domino in this hit piece? They are trying to make the reader jump to the conclusion that he is anti-ISIS Israeli. That he is pro Iranian. That He's, he's pro Iranian. Pro Iranian. Okay. Because he is somehow pro radical Islam, you know, he's, he's pro all the scary people in The world. Radical Islam. Sure. What, whatever, what just, it doesn't really matter. I don't know the guy, they, it sounds kind of Catholic to me. They think, They Think, do you know a lot of Shiites called Domino? Or is that a common name for Persians? Not to my information. Okay. And again, I think it bears repeating that this person, like was responsible for the tracking of Revolutionary Guard Corps members in Iran, potentially sent some of them to their death.


So the whole thing has an opera buffet flavor to it that he's being attacked as. So what You're saying is these are people who will say anything. It doesn't, doesn't matter. They're kind of from the Barry White School of journalism, just like you have an objective, something you want to achieve, and whatever it takes to get there is fine. You, you will say it. It doesn't, it doesn't matter. You'll call anybody anything if it, if it serves your, your purpose. They are very, very willing to destroy this person with absolutely no compunction. Is there any evidence that he's anti-Israel? None. Right. None. And In fact, there's evidence of the contrary, which he, which he praises the, the country. Yeah. So, okay.


He's critical of a aspects of the, the war as, As it's okay to be critical of other people's wars. Yeah. Or, or your own wars. It's, it's okay to offer analysis of war Or to even state that it's not, In fact, our war as The president of the United States just did on his inauguration day, emphasizing from behind the resolute desk. Right. That it's their war, not our war. So I read something from a guy called David Wormser, who was one of the architects of, of, of Iraq. We're not from this country, not really concerned with this country at all. And also, I think it's fair to say, you know, someone who should hang his head in shame, given a lifetime of destruction that he's helped bring to our country. But describe these policies as anti-American.


So I have to say, it takes a lot of balls for someone who has no interest in the United States to accuse someone who's whole orientation is helping the United States, of being anti-American. But I've noticed this a lot. Like, if, if you raise the question like, what are we getting out of this? You know, the endless war cycle. We're getting bankruptcy, obviously, but like, is this good for us? They'll accuse you, you know, the Constantine Zen also not an American will accuse that wing will accuse you of being somehow woke and you're like left wing for a, asking these questions. Have you noticed this? Yeah. I mean, it's interesting that you raise some of these figures. Like we, we, we go into this all night. I think I'd like to, they're Yeah. They're, they're hoping there's No more repulsive group in American life than the people who continue to push death and Bankruptcy on the United States.


I I think that's fair. Can't recover from death. No, you can't. Yeah. So I mean, I I think that they're hoping that Americans don't do the reading. They're hoping, they're hoping that they're hoping that Americans read ex posts. Yeah. They're hoping that Americans watch random ca cable news hosts that they're zoned out And they hear, they have, you know, let's say they have a positive view of, you know, certain aspects of, of America's role in Middle East, And they start tar and feathering people on the internet. And that there's no pushback on it at the same time. But It's just, I guess the only reason I have noticed this is because it's so over the top rather than, look, I think a lot of these positions are legitimate.


I disagree with them. You know, a ton of these people are smart people. I know almost all of them. And they could make like a straightforward case for their position. Like, here's why we should affect regime change in Iran, or here's why we should kill Putin. I mean, maybe there's a case to be made for that, but they never make the case they attack anyone who stands in their way in the most brutal and dishonest ways. They have no limits at all in their behavior at all. And I just find that repugnant and like corrosive, even if I agreed with them, I'd be against that. Like, what is that? It's guerrilla warfare. The win at any costs Win at any cost. I know I'm jumping here, but I just, I'm exercised. I I just watched what's happening to a man called Steve Woff.


Do you know Steve Woff? Yes. You know who that is? Okay. So he's a friend of Trump's. He's a real estate guy from New York. I happen to know him just for other reasons. How well did he know him Pretty well? You know, just personally, I don't know a ton about his views. I don't sense that, you know, we probably don't agree on foreign policy in some ways. But he was tasked by Trump as, you know, to go over and affect some kind of ceasefire between Israel and Hamas. And he did, And he certainly, I doubt he's anti-Israel. In fact, I know he is not whatever that means. And he's being attacked as somehow an agent of the Islamic Republic of Qatar and like anti-Israel, Steve Woff.


Yeah. And I happen to really like Steve Woff. I think he's a just, I just like him. He's just a great guy actually. And he's really tough. And he's just a good guy. If you had dinner with him, you'd like him, trust me. But I'm just blown away by the dishonesty rather than say, Hey, Steve Woff like, I disagree with you, or whatever. It's, he's working for Qatar. No, What he's from like Long Island. Whatcha talking about? This is the higher profile. I mean, like, I mean the, the, they're hoping again that, that Trump has learned nothing. They insult the President's Intelligence. But these people are disgusting. It's, they're liars. And like, if there's one thing the country said too much of, it's lying. Let's just stop lying. Let's just be honest about things. I Agree. Yes, I agree. We've enc corroded by lies, but Completely the country is about to collapse because of lies.


And the people pushing endless war are one of the main vectors for that lying. Yeah. Like, because there's just no reference point in reality at all. If Steve Woff is an agent of Islamic Republic, then I just give up. Do you know what I mean? Yeah, No. Okay. Sorry. Lecture over. No, no, no, no, no. I mean, I mean, the Woff thing in some ways is what set the whole thing off. Right? Woff. Right. He's like the most reasonable moderate person in the world. No, he is not anti-Israel. He's just tough. I think the Woff thing surprised both sides though. I would note. Why, so I think so obviously you knew him before. Yeah. Within reason years. Okay. So I think in general, the open source intelligence to use a, a lame term, but like that I would say is that the Hawks people who want to say go all the way on I run did not expect woff to be so pragmatic.


And then additionally, the realist and restraint camp also did not expect, it did not all the, all the reporting from say Israeli media, say highs or sides of Israel, that Woff went in there and sort of with both the incoming Trump administration and, you know, the remnants of the abo of the Biden administration, forced Prime Minister Netanyahu into some sort of deal, a deal that he had turned down six months ago in May of 2024. Basically identical deal that threw most everybody in the loop for a loop. And that has set off, as far as I can infer as climate of hysteria within Israel itself.


At least among the f I'm not sure Sir Netanyahu himself, but at least within the factions of his cabinet that are hard line as hell. Okay. So they disagree, you know, they've had to give a little, everyone does a negotiation, Not a disagreement. I mean, like, this will not stop unless there's pushback. All I'm saying is when you reach an an agreement, everyone gets pinched. Okay. That's just the nature of it. Right. And no one likes it. Mm. You know, but like, tough. That's what it is. Mm. And my read on Woff is that he's just not super ideological. I think he's pro-Israel. I don't, you know, I wouldn't even question that, but I don't think he's an ideologue.


He's a, he's a self-made real estate guy who started with like a single apartment building in Washington Heights. Sure. He's a tough human being. Yeah. And I think you need someone who's practical and tough to affect a negotiation. You don't want someone who's captive to all kinds of theories. Trump says, Hey, Woff, get a peace deal. Or, you know, get a ceasefire, you know, an intermediate peace deal. First step toward one. Yeah. And w Coff's like, okay. And he just shows up And he is like, Hey, you, you, Yeah. Like That's, But I, I think, isn't that what you want? I think, I think a lot of Israel is surprised by this. I mean, I mean, I mean this, this was lost in the absolute cacophony of 20, 20, 24 Really.


But yes, like if you read, I, I I, I read the Israeli Press daily and you know, there were members of Netanyahu's coalition. So these are members of the prime Minister of Netanyahu. People who are not in his party, who are more hard line than him. And they were saying, Trump's really talking about this endless war stuff. This might be a problem. And this was back in October and September and August. And no one was paying attention 'cause it was Brett Summer and, you know, other things were going on. But this was coming. And the fact that they got it done not even before, not, not even during the transition itself, also surprised people.


And so This is the, I'm sensing inflated expectations here from, this is a foreign country, obviously an ally. A close ally, the closest ally, I think it's fair to say, but a separate country. Yeah. And so, you know, I think realistic expectations would be, we get some of what we want. We don't get everything we want. 'cause you know, we're not in charge of the United States, But it's 10. Okay. There's, but there's, there's a tension here. I mean, so first the relationship between The president of the United States and the Prime Minister of Israel is extremely unclear. Yes. Yes it is. I I don't think, maybe only the two of them know they have, they have disagreed since at least 2020 over the election.


But they probably disagreed beforehand over strikes in Iran. The last time you and I spoke publicly was over the Soleimani strike in January of 2020. And there were, since then, reporting in the last five years has come out that the two of them disagreed over that Trump felt that the Israelis didn't do their part, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. So for years, for at least half a decade, the well has been poisoned between Trump and Netanyahu. Doesn't mean the relationship has done, but there's been an atmosphere of mistrust. And Well, He's had that, you know, I've watched closely and, you know, interviewed him more than once and, you know, for Yeah.


For, you know, well moving on 30 years. Yeah. 'cause he's been in and out of office and he's had complicated relations with every president. Yeah. You Know? Yeah. I mean, I think, I think the, the key thing to understand for your listeners, anyone who's not, you know, turning this off, 'cause we're getting into the, the depths of Israeli politics here. But Netanyahu's situation is unstable. Yes. A super majority of, of Israelis want him out. They, they, they want him to resign. He does not wanna resign. 'cause if he resigns, he may go to prison. Right. And also he's been a power achiever for 30 years. Yes. And I've noticed that people who do that often don't like to quit. So I think that's That's Fair. Yeah. Okay.


So he doesn't wanna quit for both reasons of his freedom and, you know, the way of his life. Yeah. Yes. Okay. So Pretty recognizable syndrome, I would say. Yes. Yes. Not confined to bb. It's international. Yes, it is international. Okay. So how does he not quit? It's pretty clear that spectacular circumstances justify his presence. It's very similar actually. I mean, there, there's been comparisons between him and Churchill. It's actually fair. Only in wartime can someone live Netanyahu at this point get a position. I get it. The war has to go on. So what war? So they have basically a deal with Hezbollah. I think. It's not like, I think that is by far the least likely that they're gonna go back in there.


There are basically two options. One, once all the hostages are exchanged, then they go back into Gaza. Okay. Or I guess one B is to do the West Bank, which is already going on right now. Or two. What do you mean? Do the West Bank Invade it and exit? I mean, I mean there's the what about The people who live there? Like what happens to them? Not Israel's problem. What do you Do while you're in the West Bank? I mean, what are you doing there? What, what is the point of the operation do you know, To annex the territory and build developments? I mean, this is, this is, I mean, and you know, the, the unstated thing is that they'll either export these people or eliminate them. And so it's pretty terrifying stuff.


It's not light stuff, but it's not a light interview. And so the problem is the US is the military underwriter of this. The Israelis probably can't do this without us selling them weapons. And so while Americans are tuned out and not thinking about this kind of thing, our reputation overseas is one of arms dealer. And over time, that affects your children being able to tra travel abroad. That affects America's reputation overseas. It's dicey stuff. Well, It caused nine 11 among other things. Right. So yeah, it has effects for sure. Yeah. Right. Option two Yeah. Is Iran. Yeah. Which is, which is, as I, I'll just quote them, I'll, I'll quote the, the hard line perspective itself.


It's the head of the snake and the conception, right. Of the Israeli hard line and also the neo-conservative Right. In the United States for sure. And so Israel also can't do Iran in my view and also in general assessments without the help of the United States, it's usually joint usis, Israeli airstrikes, or even a solo invasion of Iran by the United States is the ultimate sort of fantasy. I'm gonna need more coffee. Sure. To proceed, because you're blowing my mind. Kurt Mills,


I was in a restaurant the other night, In fact this weekend. And I had a little trouble hearing what people were saying. And I thought to myself, I'm a little young to go deaf. Why? Well, because I grew up shooting bird hunting, target shooting. And I remember my father saying, just stick a Marlboro filter in your opposite ear and you'll be fine. I wish we'd had suppressors, but we didn't. You can now check out silencer central silencers play a crucial role in improving accuracy, maximizing your experience and protecting your hearing. They're not dangerous or scary, it's just the opposite. Not using them can be dangerous. Have dinner with me in a restaurant, and you'll know what I mean. Sensor sense Central can fix your problems immediately. They will find the perfect silencer for you and make it very easy to buy one. It's not the hassle you thought it was. I know. 'cause I just went through it. So you get approved and then silencer central ships your order straight to your door, no hassle whatsoever. It is easy. It doesn't get any better In fact. So if you thought it was impossible to shoot suppressed you were wrong, go to silencer central.com right now. Start browsing, use the code Tucker 10 for 10% off your first purchase of Banish Suppressors. Highly recommended.


Just to one quick digression about Steve Woff. Sure. I think it's really significant that he's not a professional foreign policy figure. He hasn't spent a career at the State Department or nego, you know, doing bilaterals for his career. You know, he's just a smart, tough, competent person who is charged with a task by The president And he got it done. And maybe we need more of that. I mean, I do, you know, there are certain parts of statecraft that, you know, probably it's helpful to have experience in statecraft, but, but some of it's just pretty straightforward. Yeah. They get a ceasefire. Okay. You know? Yeah. No, no, I know.


I mean, I, I think there has, could Anyone from the State Department have done what Steve Uff did, do you think? No. Especially without the, without The president. Of course. For matter. Of course not. Yeah. But even if Trump had like, called someone in and been like, okay, Mr. Career diplomat, can you affect a ceasefire? He'd be like, well, it's very complicated. No, it's W comes just like, Hey, ceasefire, stop. No, it's the same. I mean, I mean, I mean, like they, they, international relations has been made into, they have to make it into like a pseudoscience, like Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Smart. Exactly. Just like everything else. Yeah. Just like everything else. There's Like journalism or Yeah, even education. Yeah. Like you can't teach third grade without a master's degree. Yeah. Are you Kidding?


Yeah. So it's just needlessly complexed when The first requirement is, do you like third graders? It has nothing to do with your master's degree. The whole thing isn't, it's absurd. Yeah. Yeah. And then, you know, it's the same thing of all of academia, which is like, people's thesis are increasingly more baroque and like, nobody actually just mis observatory large things like the Israeli Palestinian conflict. Or at least know it in a way that is applicable in power in real life. And I mean, maybe things are changing now, but like also a lot of the foreign policy establishment, it's different now in the second term, but wouldn't work with the first Trump term, wouldn't work with their team. And I think that was the discredit of the country. I I, I think, I think that was, I think that just, just did not serve the country.


Well of course it didn't serve the country well. We know the country hasn't been served because look at the country. And so I think, you know, We can say of all players, they didn't serve the country. That would include the media. And there have been times when I didn't serve the country, like when I advocated for the Iraq war. I mean, we're all culpable to some extent, but it's just remarkable to me that people are continuing it. So now, instead of telling us that Saddam has weapons of mass destruction, or that Osama bin Laden attacked us for our freedoms or whatever the lie the day was, the new idea is that Iran is what the head of the snake, how many Americans have been killed by Iranian proxies in the United States over the last 20 years. Do you think How many Americans in the United States Yeah.


Have been killed by Iran sponsored terrorism? Zero. Right Around zero. How many have died of fentanyl ods drugs whose precursors come from China? Millions. Well, more than a million. Million. More than a million. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I think, I mean, look like to play, so like no, I mean, whatcha Talking About the Iranians, the Iranians backed proxies that killed US troops in the Iraq war. Of course. But, but we shouldn't have done the Iraq war. Well, Iran took over Iraq because we took out Saddam Hussein Precisely in a majority Shiite country. I happened to be there for that. And even I, as a 33-year-old moron was like, wait a second. In just a basic interest in demographics.


Like, isn't this gonna go to Iran now? Yep. Anyway. Yes. Right, right. But I just find it amazing that there's been no public conversation about whether or not the United States should go to war with Iran. There's been no case laid out. At least in 2002, they had the decency to lie to us in a pretty complicated, sophisticated way about weapons of mass destruction. Now it's just like, shut up. You're anti-American if you ask questions. And it feels like we're moving toward a conflict with I run. Is that a fair? I think we have been moving towards one. Yes. And you know, I, I think the, the, the basically the biggest risk of a democratic administration is a war with Russia.


Yes. And the biggest risk of a Republican administration is a war with Iran. Yes. So my rule is always, that's why it's more ethical to be a Republican, because at least the Iranians don't have nukes yet. So that, that's, that's actually like pretty close to my first principle. Like, like just outright. Well, You have simplified it having Occurred. Yes. But the Iran war would be still like the worst and like not something that we should pursue. And look, I, I look foreign policy experts at this point would, will chime in on this conversation being like, oh, well that's just so unrealistic. That's not actually what we want. This is actually just ridiculous externality. But I think it is worth noting that we have done wars do top lane governments throughout the region over Yes.


Over the last 25 years. So number one, it's happened very recently. Number two, it is kind of the explicit goal of the hard liners and the hard liners keep moving the overage window in their direction. And so, while this is perhaps not a hundred percent certain, but hardly, there is a hard drive towards doing this and picking off Pentagon deputies and allowing leaders like Trump and Vance to be surrounded by hawks and no dissenting voices whatsoever Yes. Is absolutely essential towards any road to war. And, and I have to say, the amount of calculated deception on the right.


So all of a sudden Barry Weis, who's a leftist, becomes a conservative because she's against tranny or something. Would, you know, every normal person is against that. Yeah. But it, you, it's pretty obvious that the whole purpose of her organization, the free press and her career in journalism is to kind of soften up the right for worth Iran and and to attack anybody. And she's got this whole constellation of people, or you know, Neil Ferguson and all these kind of people who had weight to the project, but who really are all kind of paid to flack for war with Iran and attack anyone who's not with the program. I felt the sting of this.


So I, I didn't really understand how this worked. But then, you know, someone with like thoroughly moderate foreign policy views, I don't really want war with anybody. I'm not against anybody. And all of a sudden you're like, wow, you know, people are calling you anti-American. Well there's precedent for this. So what you're, I don't know, I don't know any of the people you described personally, but, but I'm just saying, like there, there was, you said the problem with voting Republican is you're more likely to wind up with a war with Iran. And I agree with you. I'd much rather have a war with Iran than war with Russia, but kind of don't want either one. And it's just interesting how the, the groundwork, I just know, 'cause I've been in conservative media my whole life, all of a sudden all these new people and you're like, oh, Barry Weiss, are you really conservative?


Well, not at all. Then what are you doing here? Oh, you're trying to convince me that I'm not allowed to oppose a war with Iran, or I'm gonna be written out of the conservative movement or something. Okay. Okay. So if a lot of people are comparing Trump to Reagan these days. Yeah. And I, I think it is an inaccurate comparison, but there obviously are comparisons that are, they're very different human beings, basically my position. So if you accept that Trump is the biggest cheese since Reagan Yeah. On the Republican side, what happened in the Reagan years? So the neoconservatives that is people who came from the left and moved to the right were very, very savvy, effective and reasonable at domestic policy.


They were very, very good on the crime issues of the, of the day. Yes. And their periodic periodicals got gained currency because hey, actually we should clean up the streets of New York, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, Et cetera, et cetera. Yeah. And some of them were, I knew a lot of them. Yeah. And some of them were really smart, decent people too. Yeah. Yeah. And by the way, some of their foreign policy viewers were not crazy at all. They were, they recognized the Soviet Union was evil. Like the first generation of Neocons, Midge Deter. I mean, I kind of love Mitch Deter. I don't know. Yeah. Do you know what I mean? I don't think that they were all nuts at all. Yeah. But by the nineties and two thousands, oh, you know, if you believed in, you know, some crime enforcement in New York, you also had to believe towards the march towards regime change in Iraq.


And so the, the No again, again, don't want to sound like I'm skipping that part of the buffet line. Yeah. You know what I mean? No, I will take the safe city and the thriving economy. I'm gonna leave out the forever war. Is that okay? But I think That is the, the essential pitch of this new generation of Neocons conservatism, which of course does not call itself that, but it is moderation on the social issues. Let's turn down the volume. Yeah. And at the same time over here in column space over here, a little, little news item about what's going on in the Red Sea and why the US needs to care. And it's a drip, drip, drip, drip, drip, drip. And it can go on for months and years and years. Yes. And years. And all of a sudden we super care about the Houthis in Yemen.


We super care about Iran and we have to underwrite a war in Israel until every single member of Hamas is dead. And it's just not clear that the US international, the US national interest is there to put it lightly. Yeah. And I, I guess what I object to is, I mean, I'm never offended by people with different ideas. I'm never offended by someone who makes a sincere case, affirmative case or something that I disagree with. Okay. And by the way, maybe he's right. Yeah. And I'm wrong. I've certainly been wrong a lot. The part where I get enraged is the bad faith.


Yeah. And so you ask questions like, well, is this in our interest? Well, you hate so-and-so. I don't hate anybody and I certainly don't hate that. Certainly don't hate that country. I like it a lot actually. Yeah. But there's no room for they don't, they're preventing discussion. Yeah. And, and a lot of these people have the goal to describe themselves as, you know, warriors for free speech, when of course free speech is the last thing they want. And they've gone out of their way to prevent any kind of open conversation about the most important topics in our collective life. So I'm just, I'm just bothered by the lying. There's too much lying, don't you think? Absolutely. I would say, and by the way, I'll even go far farther and say, having worked for Bill Crystal for five and a half years, And Crystal, the editor of the Weekly Standard that was correct.


Was was the absolute launching point magazine of the Iraq War For sure. And I was there, I mean, I started the very first day of the weekly standard August 1st, 1995, 30 years ago. And I thought Bill Crystal, I still would say was a great boss, you know, interesting, fun to talk to, funny as hell, obviously I think he's taken a really dark turn and his life has been kind of a disaster. And I feel bad for him. But one thing I'll say about Bill Crystal circa, you know, 2000 is that he would make an actual case for his views. He would say, we have to go in and take out Saddam for the following eight reasons. And he would write And he would say, this is 95, 96, 9 7. I Mean, I was there for all of that and I wasn't paying super close attention because I was dumb and I was focused on other things.


And I was like, oh yeah, it's a foreign policy hobby horse, you know, I was into that stuff. I'm not that into it. I didn't understand the stakes, I didn't really understand anything actually. And I was like a kid. But I always admired and still admire his willingness and that generation's willingness to, to make their case, to write some paper, here's what we're for, that is gone. And now it's just like, can we censor the people? Can we call them names to the point where they get kicked off social media so there's no counter argument. Well, even Crystal himself had stopped writing. Well, he could never write. Got it. You know, not gonna, not a genius, I will say, but, you know, an an affable, amusing person in meetings, you know, I can, I mean, I mean mean probably the most successful political organizer of the last t 30 Years.


Yeah. And, and tireless, you know? Yeah. And there are good things to be said about Bill Crystal. Obviously I'm, you know, he just called me a Nazi like a hundred times. But that's kind of the point. I, I'm not a Nazi, I'm not for the Nazis. I just don't, you know, I've got different views and that's the turn that I'm really bothered by. Yeah. Is just the pure ad hominem attempts at that's it's an attempt at censorship. Yeah. And, and Barry Weiss engages in that like a relentlessly behind the scenes using all kinds of proxies, some of whom I know. And I just wanna say it out loud, I just wanna say it out. This is the, this is deception here. Okay. So I hope people know that. I think it makes it impossible for the new president to do what he's promised to do if he doesn't solve this conundrum.


Well, tell me what you Mean. So, I mean, if The president wants to send troops to the US border and the Trump, and, and The president wants to rebuild the American economy and The president wants to focus on China. Yes. And The president wants the moral credibility to end the Russia, Ukraine war at some point. Yes. Expanding the war in the Middle East, even with prolonged armed sales, corrodes his political capital himself. Who's gonna pay for That? The United States? No, but I mean, we literally are operating in the red to the tune of trillions of dollars. Like How Oh yeah.


We have, In what world can we afford that? Well, it's a very complex topic. We don't Have any, we just functioning community hospitals left. We have the reserve currency and We can keep writing debt until it causes an inflation crisis, which a lot of people thought would happen earlier and did not. And even our inflation crisis in the 2020s was mild by global standards. So accordingly, we've got plenty of room for the big enchilada, which is an Iran war more. Yeah. So this, it just feels like a big deal. It's a big deal to me. And it feels like it's worth, I mean, it certainly, if you comment on this, you do ask yourself, is it really worth it? You know, do I want to get into this?


Yeah. By the way, a lot of people I really like and I'm friends with. Yeah. Violently disagree. I know. So you run the risk, which I really don't want of rupturing friendships over it. I, that's the last thing I want ever. And, and you think I, maybe I'll just be quiet, but it does seem like that's a huge step. And at the very least, the public ought to understand that there are highly motivated people pushing us toward that. Do you think that we will participate in a military action against Iran? Well, the big question is right now, so there's a new Iranian president. So the previous Iranian president died along with his foreign minister in a helicopter accident over the summer.


A little mysterious. Are you gonna use air quotes around accident or, I, I, I mean, a lot of things happened last year. It's very possible. I mean, I don't think a Iran, Everyone got killed last Year. The Iran. The Iran, Well, so many accidents. The Iranians, the Iranians equipment, helicopter equipment is to my understanding is old. Yeah. And it is a rough part of the world. And it's possible that it, it's likely that it went, just went down. Yeah. And again, I, I would say I would not fly in a helicopter with Iranian officials. I'm just telling you that. Yeah, Yeah. And again, if you think it was Israel, the Israelis, no, pretty, pretty much, pretty much took credit credit or didn't deny all the other assassinations that occurred last year.


I don't, you know, leading up amassed leadership, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. Just for the record, I try to suspend judgment because I know a lot about what countries do. And I do think it's one thing I'll say in support of Israel. I do think that it is, you know, it isn't fair to just single out Israel and say they're doing naughty stuff. Like lots of people are doing naughty stuff. That's just a fact. Yeah. My only, you know, the only part point where I would feel like I wanna say something is if the United States gets sucked into it. Sure. It's like that. Now, now we're talking about our interests, my country, where my family's from, and I think it's fair to speak up then. Yeah. So the, so I guess maybe the 2025 zoom out, I you would say there was an election in Iran, right afterwards.


Yes. Okay. A lot of people disagree with our perspective will disagree with this term, but the more moderate candidate people think, there are no moderates within the regime. But the, the less hardcore candidate won. Yes. This is the first time this has happened since Trump left the Iran deal. And this person, it is not clear how much power he has within the system. The supreme leader is old. It's not clear how old And there will be a succession crisis should succeed the Supreme leader, should he die. Yeah. So it is this weird situation where every time Iran is in a crisis And they crisis. Right now, they're in electricity crisis by all reporting.


Again, dunno if We can trust all the reporting, but they can't keep the lights on in Tehran fully, and what will they do? And so every time Iran is at a decision point, there is a frocks between what I will call the moderates and the hard liners within their government. The hard liners wanna go for the bomb. They think we can't trust anybody. Right. We, we need to get the bomb. They also recently side a mutual, you know, a, a defense pact just short of mutual defense pact, but a, a security arrangement with the Russians. So they seem to have a bunker mentality. Right Now, if US intelligence or Israeli intelligence or Western intelligence assesses that they are going for the bomb in a real way.


So they can either be true or false, but if they assess it, then there will be severe pressure on the new administration to do airstrikes on Iran. Nuclear. I get it. I look, I I don't wanna run to get the bomb. I don't want anyone to get the bomb. Yeah. I'm against the bomb. Okay. But I was around when Pakistan got the bomb. Yeah. And Pakistan is, you know, a country with a lot of wonderful people in it. Kind of a great country in a lot of ways. Spent a fair amount of time there. However, the government of Pakistan Is arguably scarier than us. You think Harvard, Osama Bin Laden, et cetera, is I has been, you know, really a source of disorder in South Asia for a long time.


And they've exported nuclear technology, including just North Korea. So no one's ever said anything about that. Like it's not a crisis that the Islamic Republic of Pakistan has the bomb. What? I, I don't really get it. I mean, why was that not a crisis? Why do we do nothing? To do nothing to stop that? I, I I I, I guess it occurred basically when the US was still quasi pro Pakistan over India. And it was, that Was a bad bet, by the Way. It was a Nickson bet actually. He, he, he really, he he really didn't like endear Gandhi. It was basically, yeah. Okay. Well he basically was, I think We can say longitudinally, that was a bad bet. He just didn't like one person and it didn't really matter to Yeah, no, that was like betting on Wang computers over Apple.


Like it just kind of didn't turn out. Yeah. So fair. I I'm not holding a wing in my or so, But, but the point is There might, might wanna cut that this bit of No. So we're keeping the W in. Yeah. Yeah. Look, I thi all I'm Saying is my father sold wing computers. Oh, did he? I'm so sorry. I didn't mean Make it personal. No, no. Well, no, it's just, it's, it was at one point the top salesman in the country of Winged Peters. Yeah. Your father sold some wings. Yes. Are we, is this actually going in? Okay. Of course. It's actually going out. Kidding? Yeah. Yes, yes. Yeah. Yeah. RIP this Is fine. Why I'm hitting,


when we first did a deal with Black Rifle Coffee, Evan, the CEO sent us like a case of coffee beans. And honestly, I have not had any coffee since then. In the past eight months is not made by Black rifle. We are obsessed and it's not just coffee. They've got high performance energy drinks, tons of merch. That's very cool. It is The best. And We can say that as daily obsessive users of the product, Black Rifle Coffee is awesome. And by the way, black Rifle itself is awesome. The company is filled with Special forces veterans working there, bringing you The best products on the market. Black rifle's always been more than just about must have offerings. They're committed to supporting veterans, first responders, law enforcement, every purchase provides funding to those groups and gear the people who are protecting us, who are the heart of this country, from premium coffee roast ready to drink cans to American gear. Every item designed to give you a sense of this country, Black Rifle Coffee, Black Rifle Coffee dot com. Use the code Tucker for 30% off on your first order, or simply grab one of their items off your grocery shelves in your town. We drink it, we recommend it.


Look, all I'm saying is it's important to maybe dial back a little bit on the moral outrage and assess the world as it is. Assess what You can do, you know, create a hierarchy of priorities. Like we don't want other countries to get new nuclear weapons. I think that's, I'm with The Neocons a hundred percent on that. But, you know, in a complicated world that we don't actually control. Right. What will, you know, what can we do? What are the limits of our power given a lot of other factors like our domestics, our economy, the needs of our people. Like you can't do everything. That's all I'm saying. Yeah, no, I mean, I, so I think Trump should complete the work of his first term, which is he revoked the J-C-P-O-A, the Yes.


Obama, Iran deal. Right. And he should do a Trump Iran deal there. Were You sending Woff over to do that? Apparently, yeah. So, so Woff, the aforementioned not only did what he did with the Israelis, he was promoted for it per reporting. I, it has not been confirmed to my understanding by the transition or the White House, but per the ft and I believe another outlet, Woff is getting, quote, the Iran file within the Trump universe. That's as much power as The president wants to give it. But as of filming, he, his role is expanding. And if Trump wants a lasting legacy, a peace and prosperity, there needs to be an accommodation with the defacto government of Iran.


So If you, of course there does, this is just, and this is totally insane. It's counter to our interest, I guess is what I would say. Yes. If you were Trump and you say to Steve Woff, Hey, Steve Woff go get a, you know, ceasefire in place, And he comes back like 20 minutes later with a ceasefire, wouldn't you say, okay, We like that pace. I like that pace. Wouldn't you send him to a run? I would, Yes. Yes, yes. Yeah. I, I, I mean, I think I, yeah, I mean, I mean, I, and I, and this is actually something both Trump and Obama who apparently get along now at least Perfunctorily Yeah. Agreed on, is that Well they both just dislike Michelle. I think I, so they, You remember Obama on the debate stage in oh eight said, And he was, he was, he was how down for this, whatever you think of Barack Obama said, we should meet with the Iranian leaders face to face.


And Trump did similar maneuvers in Well yeah. In Wouldn term. Wouldn't, Why wouldn't with Kim Jong-Un, et cetera, et cetera. And again, were You sucking up to dictators? Oh, shut Up. I mean, well, I mean, was, was North Korea policy more stable from T 2017 to 2021 or 2021 to 2025? I don't think, And there, no Think after 25 years of this nonsense killing dictators and watching their countries become more chaotic and more dangerous to the United States and the world that we have any obligation to listen to people who chirp like that. No. Sucking up To dictator. Shut Up to link it. We Don't know anything. Actually. Some of the, so, so we started this conversation with, you know, sort of the campaign against the right cadres that are now serving Secretary Seth.


The people that are leading it, as far as I can infer, are oftentimes many of the people that were behind the original rock war. And so Well, yeah. Yeah. So I, well this may seem obvious. Well, I'm 55, so this is driving me completely insane. I thought after we discovered that the pretext of the war was a lie, that those people would, I don't know, Don ashe's in s sackcloth and go like, sit on a pillar for 10 years to, I think a Lot of Americans assumed that they did. So we do this for a living. Oh no, they didn't. They went around the World Bank And they still run the State Department. Yeah. And to Newland, who was an architect of the Iraq war, was an architect of the Ukraine war. Like, this just doesn't end. But, but most Americans have real jobs and don't know this.


And so the, these people are disguised or shrouded from public view, and they are still quite effective at driving home an agenda. In fact, I would assume they will win absent pushback and Oh, they'll definitely win absent pushback. Oh, a hundred percent. Yeah. So they're, they're Still, that's, that's why I want an interview you Yeah. They're still hegemonic and even if, even if they're a minority government, so to speak. Yeah. And I, and I, I'm, 'cause I'm, I've spent my life in the media. I'm very kind of fixated on their enablers. Their agents in the American news media in one of them who's working, has been working for years on their behalf, on, on behalf of permanent Washington, the foreign policy establishment.


Every bad idea is Jennifer Griffin at Fox, the Pentagon Reporter, who is now, you know, basically texting Domino. Is that the Michael Domino? Yeah. Is, You know, running around on behalf of, you know, her sources at the Pentagon doing their bidding, trying to torpedo these guys because permanent staff doesn't want to be challenged on anything. And Okay. You know, there's a role for that kind of behavior. It's called lobbying, but it's a little crazy that like a supposed news reporter would be acting like that. I'm not guessing this is a fact.


She's doing that right now and has been doing that kind of thing for as long as I've been paying attention like a couple, couple decades. How does that continue? Yeah. I don't know her personally, but what I was saying is, well I do, the, the role of pen most Pentagon reporters has always struck me since I've, I've, I've done this as extremely hierarchical. I mean, it it, What do you mean by hierarchical? It almost felt like the reporters worked for the Pentagon. Well, of course they, so I mean, and in any place that I've worked that had a Pentagon correspondent, and that was the only way you stayed in the room. And Isn't this a democracy where we have civilian command of the armed forces and the entire federal government works for the population of the country.


It's voters. It's citizens. It's constituents, yeah. Shareholders. No, there's no sense of that whatsoever in Washington at all. Yeah. It's like, what are you doing here? I think it's fast moving. I mean, I mean, you, you didn't see criticisms or skepticisms of the military from the right until the very last few years, including from the new president, including from organs of conservative media. I think it started with, with Mark Millie, but also all the, the sort of, well, Some of us were at it before Though, Troy. I know. But, but in, but in the, in the, in the in public opinion Service, he was considered a fringe position. It's not fringe. Yeah. You know, I just refer you back to the, the pivot point in American politics in my lifetime, which was the 2016 debate in Greenville, South Carolina.


Yes. Where Donald Trump, home of the highest percentage of military veterans of any state famously, and Donald Trump came out against the Iraq War and all the dumbos at the channel I work for and in Washington, like, oh, he is lost it now. He'll never get the nomination. He's offended all the veterans. And of course all the guys whose lives were destroyed fighting these wars, not on behalf of the United States, not to, to the benefit of the United States. They were filled with many emotions, frustration, shame, rage, sadness. And they immediately knew what he was talking about. And no one in DC knew what he talking, I think he overperformed his poll. So like, he was, he was insane. Was he was pulling a, a certain he was, he was ahead and the Bush family came in.


That's when they, it was, it was the last stand for, for Mr. Jeb in February of 2016 and George B. Bush campaign finally for Jeb. And it was like, we gotta keep him in the race, we're gonna make our stand. And he did the big fat mistake that is a rock debate. And I think Trump was up 10 or 15. I think he won by over 20 in that debate. Don't quote on that, but, but I was, it was, it was, it was something like that. He was, it Was right before the primary, it was there, It was over the polling. So like, not only did he not go down and still won, he went up and then clearly triumphed. That was the moment when I was just, you know, whatever his flaws I was for Trump because here was a guy telling a real truth, a hard truth that no one wanted him to tell and was rewarded for it.


And I just felt like that was, that's consistent with my principles and beliefs, which is you ought to tell the truth. And a healthy country rewards people who tell the, the truth, not people who lie. There's a cynical bet though, I would say that, and it's a cynical bet on Trump and it's a cynical bet on Americans and it's a cynical bet on Republicans and independence, which is, I'll just, I'll just, let's use the actual language of center left or left wing media, it's a cult. And once the cult leader leaves, We can just go back to 2005 and implant the same old Yeah. Retrade, open borders, maybe endless neo-conservatism.


And a actually the people that are driving the opposition to these selections in the Pentagon agree with President Trump's critics in spirit and in practice. I, you know, it it, that's an interesting analysis. I mean, it's like Ms NBC level dumb person analysis, but it's also like a real analysis. And there is a sense in which devotion to Trump has a religious quality to it. I mean, that's undeniable. I was just in DC for the inauguration. I can't confirm that. And there are a lot of reasons for that. I, I, you know, I, I I think a lot of voters feel like Trump is the only person who cares about them.


He's their only option. And so they're onboard regardless, because where else are they going? And I think, I, I think that's true. A and BI think that's a reflection of like how badly the leadership of the country has failed. People will take anything other than that. But I also think saying true things out loud changes history. I think that's the lesson of history. The only people who actually change history are not the ones who marshal the biggest armies, but the ones who speak the truth out loud. I think it's a holy act. I think it's a transformative act. And all of history is the story of that act, actually. And sometimes it, you know, it takes centuries for the consequences to unfold. But they do. It's inevitable. It changes everything. Once you, that's why there's such a, a, a, almost a crazed attempt to shut down people from speaking.


Why speaking? They don't care about violence. They care about talking because they understand correctly that that's what matters over time. Right? Yeah. So once Trump has said all this stuff, there's kind of no going back. No. Do, do you think? I mean, that's my view. I don't know. I don't, no, I don't, I don't agree with the cynical bet. I think it's a bad bet. Yes. Which is, which is why the tactics are increasingly hysterical, hysterical and marginal. And, but we're we're robbed of like a real debate. I mean, I don't know. You know, if it's, if you think it's so important to kill the leaders of Iran and get into a full scale war with a real country, which Iran is, which is part of a real coalition, they Won't say full scale. They'll, they'll say any war. They'll say that, that, that the Ayatollah has to go.


It's very important to use as, as scary words as possible. Ayatollah, the mullahs, the Islamic Republic emphasize, you know, and again, like basically the bin Laden who's dead runs a country, Even those, he's a different ethnicity and a different religion. And so it doesn't really matter. You're stupid. And we need to do this again. And like, I I, they won't say an invasion, but again, some of the people pushing this stuff didn't say an invasion in 1996. They soft. They, they, they, they laid, they softened the ground for It. But where's the debate on it? I guess that's the point. There wasn't a debate. I mean, it's a little harder here too, because on the question of Russia, it's been surprisingly effective for them to just dismiss all criticism as sponsored by Putin.


Like, you don't think it's a good idea to prop up Speed is very important. Yeah. The Zelensky government, you're a Putin puppet or whatever. You want someone to do something. Can You really call like a white American Christian Guy, a puppet of the mullah's? Probably not. It's like a, I don't think that works, right, does it? They don't. I guess they're trying it with Steve Woff. You're a, you're a tool of cutter. Oh, so you're referring to, so the Shiites, I just don't think is a rhetorical matter. It's quite as easy to, Should we address the actual allegation? Yes. So, I mean, so Woff, I believe, took his real estate firm, took some sort of investment from Qatar. Okay. And so, first of all, I would say throughout the Trump entourage, a lot of them have worked with Gulf States.


And as far as I'm can tell, the real estate business is rife with investments from Gulf States. And then additionally, as far as I'm aware, this is hardly that man's net worth. Well, the domestic, I mean, you can't buy an apartment in New York because there's so much Chinese money in the residential real estate market. So like, okay, what, so the argument is what? You're only allowed to invest in your own company's country's real estate. Okay, let's start here. Yeah. Let's ban foreign investment in our real estate markets. Oh, no. That's anti-capitalist. Just the whole thing doesn't make sense. What are they saying? What? Well, I, I, I, with the ka are argument specifically. I mean, I think it, it's an unusual place. It was supposed to be the eighth Emirate.


Yes. So it's separate from the UAE. Well, it is the most conservative of those Emirates, I would say, at least in terms of the government. They have a perspective. They spend money on media. They spend money on press junkets. They have an influence operation, no question. But the idea that this small jetting, you know, LNG dependent, you know, peninsula controls us foreign policy, hook, line, and sinker, top to bottom. If you think that, I don't think you're extremely, I mean, I do think it's curious.


Think it's, it's worth having an honest, I've never seen one, there's never has been one, but an honest conversation about foreign influence on American policy. Sure. I think that's a totally legitimate topic. And you know, we've kind of done a lot of lying and pretending, for example, that Russia has like undue influence over American foreign policy. Like it's absurd. But, but why not have that conversation? So are there, are there foreign countries that exert influence on American policy whose interests supersede those of American citizens when, you know, in the minds of policy makers? And, you know, there may be some of those probably what, how would we rank Qatar, you know, in terms of its influence? Maybe, maybe not in the top three.


Yeah, I, no. Right. So just having lived in DC this whole conversation is like, so infuriatingly false and just silly. I mean, are they running intel operations against us? There's a lot of qar surveillance in Washington. A lot of QAR agents running around the Willard Hotel. I don't think so. Maybe Very, very well discussed. Like whatcha talking? I mean, are countries doing that? Yeah. Are they hacking the pentagon's mainframes? I don't think. Oh, China's doing that. Yeah. Right. Okay. So, yeah. But I mean, but, but making the allegation though is a kind of armor, though. It makes you seem informed.


It seem, makes you seem like a, like sort of a spy master. You, you know, like I know something you don't, I'm, I'm more serious quote, everyone Traffics in That nonsense. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, like, like let's not have a conversation and it's, it's very anti-democratic small d of course. It, it, it is, it is, it is not a agreeing disagree. It is not saying we have different values than, you know, shaking each other hand and walking out of the room. It is, it is shutting down the spirit of the system. Well, so that's exactly the complaint that I have. And that's the problem that I have with Barry Weiss. It's the problem I have with Jen Griffin. It's the problem I have with Washington Post, and just so much of the media coverage of foreign policy is based on insinuation and, and like the, the cruelest sort of character destroying insinuations that you're not loyal to your own country.


Yeah. I'm Sure they reach for the, the, the biggest sword. Oh, they go, man, they go right for the face. And I just think that that's beneath a great nation like ours. I think it's beneath any decent person to behave. Like if you have evidence that someone selling outta his country, tell me what it is. But to start with that, to accuse Steve Woff of being a tool of cutter, it's like so over the top. I just feel like it's important to call out the people doing it and say, you're disgusting. We're not listening to you anymore. You have no influence except that, that you project through aggression Yeah. And threats. And like, we're not, we're not playing along anymore. I think a lot of it is effective in Republican politics.


Yes. Because, you know, so you were there for the inauguration I observed over a week ago. Yeah. And you know, I've always observed that is usually when I meet someone from a red state, like a deep red state, Oklahoma or Alabama. It's often their first time in Washington DC Yes. It's very like Roman province visiting Rome for the first time. Totally. And I'm here from Gaul. Yeah. Show me around. Yeah. Yeah. And yeah, versus I would say Blue State America actually has a lot, the coasts have a lot more familiarity of DC Yes. Back and forth airport access. That's, I think that's right. Et cetera, et cetera. So when they hear the argument going on in the Capitol, there's actually a defacto trust there that might be not as much there on the democratic side.


There's actually, there's actually more jaundice cynicism on the democratic side. It was less effective. They assume that the, despite it all, despite all of the failures that you've announced, that you've reported on fairly tirelessly, they assume that the people in DC know what they're doing. And I'm not sure that's the greatest default assumption. Well, I, I mean, I think that track record is pretty Yeah. Speaks conclusively. I mean, look, I respectfully to The president, I mean, Donald Trump, again, is the only US president who has, was not a general or a former statewide official or federal official Right.


To get the presidency. And with all due respect to the new president, a healthy country doesn't elect some phone like that. It had that level of outsider, right? That level of outsider could only exist with in polity that was deeply sick. And I think he knows that. I think he recognizes that. And the fact that the capitol doesn't imbibe that lesson, I think they're iib a little bit more. But it's like, I mean, it's still bizarre. 10 years on, I mean, Trump, June, 2015, so it'll be June this year, 10 years of Trump, you know, longer than Obama at this point. The, the Trump era in spirit in length.


It's like, well, maybe there's something wrong with this country, but it's like a 5% recognition. It's not a, it's not a 95%, I think national. I mean, first of all, I agree completely. And I wrote a piece at the very beginning of this whole saga almost 10 years Ago. Donald Trump is shocking, vulgar, and, right. Yeah. He, he's winning. 'cause you failed. It's simple. You know, obvious, it was five years ago this month that people started to drop dead in the central Chinese city of Wuhan five years since the beginning of Covid. And yet for some reason, we still don't know answers to the most basic questions. And one man knows those answers. His name is Dr. Tony Fauci. And now a documentary filmmaker called Jenner First is out with a new film explaining exactly what happened.


The film is called Thank You, Dr. Fauci. We'll see it exclusively here on TCN.


If you work in quality control at a candy factory, you know, strict safety regulations come with the job. It's why you partner with Granger. Granger helps you find the high quality and compliant products your business needs to inspect, detect, and help correct issues. And the sweetest part is everyone gets a product that's as safe to eat as it is delicious. Call 1-800-GRANGER click granger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done


Anyway. I don't think DC gets it. But I also think at this point, Trump is the most powerful president, certainly since Roosevelt. Interesting. And the potential for, you know, achieving his promises is really high. America has greater problems in its head since the Great Depression, maybe even bigger than it had then. And we have a chance to address them. Probably not solve all of 'em, but make some headway on things that could help Americans seal the border, stopping the chaos, just taking a, a breather so We can figure out how to fix the country. And the only thing that could derail that is an, is another foreign war. We can't do it with this stuff. It, it, it, it is an actual choice. It's an actual Choice.


We cannot do the border if we do the Middle East. So you full Stop. So you had, what, 200,000 people, a you're dying of drug ods and no one said anything about it and endless lectures about Ukraine. And it, it's no disrespect to the Ukrainians who I really feel sorry for, but like, that's so unbelievable that that happened. It's like a bad dream. And now we've woken up from the dream and we have this chance, and I'm sorry, I just, you know, with respect to Barry Weis and Jen Griffin, you can't do that to us again. You're just not gonna, not gonna go without a fight this time. We have to reorient toward our own interests. And that's no disrespect to any other country, to our allies who we wish well and will help to the extent We can. But like the idea that we're responsible for all these other countries when we're dying here, nomas.


Is is, is that, is that a radical position? That's my actual position in my heart. That's my actual position. I, I, I agree. But it's, it's, it's very upsetting not only to leaders of some foreign countries. And this is not just the Middle East. We didn't even talk about Russia, Ukraine. But like, I mean, that perspective is obviously very, very relevant for extricating the United States out of the Russia, Ukraine war. And almost every European capital is unhappy with that. And, you know, You can have a conversation with a, a nice Danish person, and you might agree on immigration or trade or, or wine, but you, you mentioned like, Hey, I'm not really sure the United States should be underwriting quagmire in Ukraine.


And like the conversation shuts down. It's, it is stunning. Well, they're, And hell bent on suicide, the Western Europeans and not the Eastern Europeans or Central Europeans, but the Western Europeans are, are, you know, have decided to kill themselves. And it's, it's almost like if someone's standing on a bridge or in a window of a skyscraper and you're trying to talk 'em back in, it's, it's hard. And who knows why that happens? I think there's a supernatural element at work, is my personal view. But whatever you think the cause is, that's what it is. You destroy, you blow up Nord Stream, destroy the German economy, and you're not allowed to say anything about it in Germany. I don't know that We can help you at that point. You know what I mean? Like, if you're that intent on self-harm, that anxious to destroy your own civilization, make it impossible for your children to live there, then you're killing yourself.


You can't help someone who doesn't wanna help himself, like, go ahead and jump then, kind of that's how I feel. But just from an American perspective, like all of this has been bad for us. There's no way to pretend otherwise, except to launch into some airy moral lecture about dictatorships in Winston Churchill and Neville Chamberlain. It's just shut up. Okay. The Churchill thing's really essential. It's Just played out. It's played out. I mean, it's played out in, But there's a, there's a, there's a gamble that some of this stuff isn't played out though. I mean, there's a, there's a gamble that, that this, I mean, I think people have, have, this country has a generational problem. Right. Generations don't get along.


I think that's fair to say. For good Reason. Yeah. And I think there's just a bet that a lot of the voters that made the decisions in the nineties and two thousands are dumb and don't care about their kids' future and will vote for the exact same thing. Clearly They don't Yeah. Sorry. And, and will exert pressure on the new administration to do the same thing. And I, and I, and I, I think there's a, there's a bet that the, the, The president is a desperate, cynical man who will do whatever it takes when he is pressured. And I think the early evidence is that it's untrue. I mean, I don't, I mean, yes, the, the, the, the, the, the Evidence is that Trump is less cynical than even his supporters thought he was.


I I think that's the truth. I mean, there's, there's, do you wanna discuss the Pompeo Brian Hook stuff? I would, I was just reading the, the Barry Waste editorial about how pulling Pompeo's, what Did, what did she say? I didn't read it. It's outrageous. It's a betrayal of Trump's promises. Mike Pompeo. Is that, is that what the free press argued? Yeah. That you can't, you're not allowed, you are required to pay for Mike Pompeo's security detail. And I will just say point blank, as someone who has faced greater physical threats than Mike Pompeo, I can promise you that I, you know, if I have security, I pay for it myself. Like, wow, why does Pom Mike Pompeo as a private citizen get to stick me with the bill for his security detail?


Like, how does that work, Barry Weiss? And the point is that Mike Pompeo is a faithful servant of the kind of ideas that she is here to push on the rest of us. And therefore he'll be defended at all costs. But, but like, let's just be honest about what's going on anyway. Sorry. Yeah, well, I mean, details roll off. The government doesn't usually advertise it. No, everyone's got a detail. Yeah. Fauci has a detail. Yeah. Yeah, because he's in my dog park in Washington and I hear about it. I, I think the interesting thing. So it's very easy to just glaze over Trump fighting with officials, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, you know, and sort of the, the, the er example of this is Trump versus Bolton, and We can talk about that and it's fun, but it's, it's kind of over, right. Bolton's not in the mix and or at least with Trump and like, but He's still got bits of egg in his mustache.


And I don't have his cell anymore, so I can't tell him, but he needs to fix that. Yeah. I, so Pompeo and Hook, I mean, look, Tell us who they're Mike Pompeo. Yeah. So Mike Pompeo was the former Secretary of State, former CIA director, former Kansas Congressman, former West Point Valedictorian, Harvard Graduate, Harvard Law graduate Ozempic user One can make, sorry, I'm just one Can make I'm doing the whole CV here. Okay. Yeah. Right. So, And he was, I I I'm so bitchy. I'm so sorry I said that. No, no, I'm, it's beneath me. I shouldn't have said that. The, the, the Bolton Trump Fe is old. The, the disagreement with Pompeo is potentially quite new.


And so by all available information, Pompeo was in the mix for Secretary of Defense, most likely in the days after the election. So much so that his son, Donald Trump Jr. Intervened in a sort of online campaign. And, you know, other allies within that milu stopped both Pompeo and the former UN ambassador in South Carolinian, governor Nikki Haley from getting administration posts. I, I had heard about that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Pompeo Patriotic Americans rallied as they did in Boston in the 18th century, Still To act on behalf of their nation at some personal risk.


But they did it anyway. Unsung heroes, I would Say one of Pompeo's former deputies, Brian Hook, who ran something called the Iran Study Group, and had various other portfolios and titles at the State Department. He's actually someone Pompeo inherited from Rex Tillerson, his predecessor. He kept him on pomp. Brian Hook at various points throughout the transition in the last a hundred days was reported to be running the state department's transition at some point then was rumored, again, rumors, I don't if it's rumored, I don't, I don't post about it. I don't tweet it out. I don't write about it. But it was rumored to have been fired, very unclear.


Trump in the days leading up to him taking the Oval Office oath issued essentially an enormous denunciation, a flaw against Mr. Hook. Extraordinary to say, not only like, is this guy not in the mix, I hate him. And he said that, so that, that occurred. And then additionally, both Hook and Pompeo's security detail was removed in the last few days. But I don't know that Brian Hook has served in government in four years. Why Would he, he definitely has not served Mr. Biden. Why would he have a security detail paid for by taxpayers?


Not an expert on who gets Secret Service details. But can I just, I just wanna say, whoa, Actually I can, I can actually directly answer that. Yeah. So the, the key thing here is that there is an allegation, a belief, many in the intelligence community believes this, that there were serious, credible plans by the Iranians to assassinate members of the Trump high command, as it were. Yeah. So Trump hook, John Bolton, et cetera, et cetera, in revenge, principally for the Soleimani vaccination, Because they've been committing a lot of terror attacks in the United States. You've noticed. Oh, no, no, that Wasfa. And so, right. And so that is the essential, that is the Causes.


I'm just gonna have to scoff at all of it. I've heard all this. It's the Causes, Here's this all the time. I think The key thing here is the critique on Trump always was he fired Bolton, but he didn't really understand why. So he just, he, he soured on the guy, but he didn't change any like policy. You know, he didn't learn this, this, this, this is the sort of pedantic way of looking at The President. But with the hook and Pompeo removal from his inner circle, there is, I think, very credible evidence that Trump's personal grudges are now blending quite heavily with policy. He doesn't trust the Iran Hawk Old Guard.


A lot of the Iran Hawk, old guard think tanks struck out in getting transition officials and officials in this government. And again, circled around this very unlikely Pentagon helmed by a guy who has changed his life. It appears in pretty severe ways over the last five years, both ideologically and morally, is this very new Pentagon that is now being targeted by all the usual suspects. And it is the biggest story in American politics that people aren't talking about. So if I could sum up what I think you're saying, it is that Donald Trump may have actually broken the grip of The Neocons on Washington.


You, I mean, you control the Pentagon, you could, you control the, the military. I mean, it's, it's, it's, I mean, it's the, it's, it Just seems like this is, because there was always this question about Trump. Like, you, you get up and you give these speeches where you say, we don't want more pointless wars. I believe in peace through strength. Not a wus, it's not Jimmy Carter. But like, you know, you assert American power, but you don't embroil the country in worse that you can't win for no reason. It's a very moderate, sensible common sense, I would say view. So you say those things, but then you hire John Bolton, and the, the question is why, and Trump would say, I've heard him say, well, I hired Bolt, I beg your pardon. I hired Bolton because he's a lunatic, and he's a warmonger freak.


He's obviously like watching war porn late at night. And people can smell that on him. And so when He goes into a negotiation, he scares the crap out of everybody. And then I show up, you know, he's the heavy, and I bad cop. He's the bad cop. I mean, I've heard Trump say that, and, and I didn't know if I believed that or not, but I'm starting to think that I should have just believed him. 'cause it sounds like Trump's actual instincts are what he says they are. Yeah. I mean, the Bolton firing itself is, again, ancient history, but it's, it's, it, it's circled around an issue of policy. So, oh, I remember. Yeah. So, I mean, Trump had invited the, the Taliban, which was then the outlaw not government of Afghanistan as it is today, to Camp David on nine 11.


I just love the, Which, The sound of it, which, I mean, So Trump invited the Taliban to Camp David. He did. He literally did that. I mean, I don't, I mean, I'm just reporting the facts here. So look, we gotta Admit it's a great sentence. So, so Donald Trump invited the Taliban. So tonight, who, who's coming for dinner tonight at Camp David? Oh, the Taliban will be here. Bolton. Bolton was wiped out before this meeting never happened, but it was the instigating incident for the final breakdown of their Relationship. I do think it's important, Kurt, to just recognize the inherent hilarity of, of a lot of, you know, it's just, it is in addition to being grave and, you know, historically significant. It's very funny. It's, It is very Funny. A lot of this stuff Is very funny, funny. It's sort of funny. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. It's pretty great. Yeah.


So under, you're, you're very restrained and businesslike and precise as a reporter should be, as an editor, should be. But the story that you're telling, I think, I don't wanna put words in your mouth. Yeah. Is a, is a, is a story of like, real change. Yeah. Finally, we actually appear to be getting to like a foreign policy that puts America close to the center of the, of the action. Yeah. Is that, is that what you're seeing? No, I mean, I, I mean, I mean, I mean, like, if he sees this through this is, this is the biggest presidency, certainly since Reagan, you alluded to fdr RI mean, it, it is moving the ship of state and people are gonna try to stop him from doing it. Yes. But they're not, but not, they're not gonna, they're not gonna say that he's bad, though.


They're gonna, they're gonna go after, no one will ever sit. Right? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. That, that they Well, I just want to counter signal by saying, I think what you're saying is true. I think it's real. And I've never admired Trump more, and I'm, I don't, I don't think I'm an ask kisser on the Trump question, but this is like, the America really needs this. It's just super important. And it's not radical at all. It's not attacking anyone, or it's canceling our allyship with any country at all. It's just, It's, you Know, readjusting expectations for what We can achieve. The reason that I started covering war and foreign policy principally, is that the reality is that US domestic policy is a morass. It's impossible to get anything done.


Exactly. Obama tried to do a healthcare plan, it did six years in, they couldn't even have the website working. You know, the country's hard to govern. Yeah. But externally, The president is imperial. He's God. Yeah. They, they most, quite literally the most powerful person on earth. And if you wanna burnish a legacy real quick, you do big things in foreign policy, you do shocking things in foreign policy. That's What all the Republican senators have figured out. You do surprising things in you're John McCain. Like you're, you know, whatever, you've got a lot of problems in your personal and public life, but You can bomb around Eastern Europe and get treated like an emperor. Right. And feel like you're doing something. You're, you know, Jim Rich or Mike Rounds, or some like US Senator nobody's ever heard of, even in his home state.


But when you travel to Romania, a NATO base, people are like, oh, you know, Senator Rich is here. You know, it's like The formulations chair. Yeah. So, right. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, So that's a, that's a big, that's a big motivator for our lawmakers, isn't it? For sure. For sure. Yeah. I mean, yeah. I mean, you go To Idaho Falls and no one's like, oh, I can't believe you're here. But, you know, Chairman Rich. Yeah. Chairman, chairman Rich. It's like such an absurd, it's, anyway, excuse me. Interesting. So te and I interrupted you 'cause I can't, I can't control myself. Oh, zero self-control.


And again, on the topic of pizza or Neocons, and I'm just outta control. Tell me your analysis of Trump canceling the security details for Brian Hook and Mike Pompeo. Well, he seems to have the authentic view that these people can afford it, especially with Fauci. And especially with Bolton. He specifically flagged them. Yeah. And Pompeo, who like, who's now running around being like, I'm actually, I'm a businessman. He's on a board of a Ukrainian company as well. And Well, he is on, I think, more than one board. Yeah. But he's certainly running around, including with people I know, saying I'm a really kind of a business guy. Look, I mean, so the Pompeo's things, I mean, is like, I mean, supremely interesting because I, you know, I, I think it's somebody who probably would've positioned himself to run in a major way, had Trump lost.


I think it's somebody who's not gonna quit being president. This is not an unintelligent man. This is, Pompeo is smart. This is, yeah. This is a Real fight. He's not, he's not dumb. This is a real, A real fighter. And I don't wanna say he's part of the cynical bet crowd, but he's making a bet that the Trump thing will pass. And I will be able to steamroll people like Vance and even Rubio in the future, because I'm more vicious. And in the meantime, you know, maybe make some money, influence the debate, et cetera, et cetera. And he's very impressive. If you don't know, I mean, I mean, I like, I mean, I, if you don't come in with huge foreign policy convictions, I think you and I do, he can be very persuasive.


Just for the record, I had no foreign policy con convictions. I don't think I'm ideological on the question at all. I just think in general, our foreign policy should serve the nation. I am. I mean, I, I mean, like, I, I, like, I, I mean, so I think that's what's very interesting about some of these Pentagon picks not to keep linking it back. I hope you also, the vice president, a lot of these people, my generation, the millennials fought in these wars. Oh yeah. And although the baby boomers forget it, we're now old, you know, and we grew up and we're quite mad about it. And its a bi it's a bipartisan thing. It's not just like a democrat, you know, anti rock war indie music thing. I know. It's like young Republican people hate it too.


Oh, I aware. They, And they might hate it more, actually, which is actually the interesting thing. The, and the Republican party, frankly might under Trump, might be a vessel of anti-war sentiment far more effectively than the Democrats. I mean, I didn't see a lot of protests for the Ukraine war. The Israel stuff was pretty interesting. And that was probably was number one threat to Biden, circa April. Remember that for sure. But you know, if you look at the conversation online, if you look at the sentiments of, of younger conservatives, younger Republicans, the anti-war stuff is big and it's not going anywhere. And I think that also drives a sense of a timetable, which is, you know, we've got these older people in their sixties, seventies, eighties, and nineties.


They have a certain belief set. They're the people that voted for the stuff in the nineties and two thousands. And we got this, get this stuff done now before the United States turns, you know, on both parties on this stuff. And this was always, this was So we can't afford it anymore. And our allies pivot to China and sell even more defense technology to China. Yeah, I do think there, okay. So the backbone of support for these wars has been evangelicals. Let's just be blunt about it. It's everyone, you know, beats up on The Neocons or whatever, these fervent intellectuals in Washington. But really the foot soldiers of this have been Fox News viewers who are not ideological. They're not intellectuals, they're not, they're just normal American, patriotic, heavily evangelical people.


And the truth is, I think a lot of them are beginning to recognize that their religion does not support this at all. Yeah. I mean, it's really clear. Genesis six, why do we have the flood? Why does God kill everything on earth? All the people, except no one in his family, all the animals except the ones in the ark. Why does he do that? He spells it right out. 'cause they're committing violence. That's why. So it's like the idea that, I mean, the Iraq War breaks out, and all these preachers are like, no, no, no, really, we have to fight Islam and kill all these people. And that's what God wants. That's not what it says at all. And there's no mention of any specific secular government in the New Testament. Sorry guys. And I think a lot of Christians are beginning to realize this.


It doesn't 'cause, 'cause you're a Christian doesn't mean you have a specific political agenda at all, I don't think. Yeah. But if you're political agenda is like violence, that's prohibited. Sorry. And I, it was just, it could not be clear. It's on every freaking page. So I don't know. The deception involved in this was just like mind boggling that these preachers could get up on Fox News and tell you that like, yeah, killing people is what Jesus wants. No, that's not true. And I, and I just feel among people I know a growing recognition of that. And I think it's a huge problem for the war lobby, which has used these people as its supporters. And you see it in the Congress, you know, I'm an evangelical and I'm for another war with somebody.


No, you can't do that anymore. I hoping people are zoned out. You do think that I, yeah, I think they're, they're hoping the country's old tired, zoned out, can't oppose it. And they're hoping that these initiatives can be achieved piecemeal. You know, start by bombing Iran here, et cetera, et cetera. Maybe the government will collapse, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera, To be replaced by what? The same people who replaced Assad and Kadafi and Saddam and the Taliban. I mean, I think, okay. I mean, to take the other side, I mean, I mean the Assad thing is, that's like pretty close to The best case scenario of how that could have gone. I think in Iran it would go way, way, way worse.


It's a much bigger country. It's hard to know. You're rolling the dice, you know, you start killing people and things go sideways. Like you think you, it's, It's pretty close to Iraq and Afghanistan combined, right? You have, you Have, it feels that way to me. You Have urban, you have, you have the, you have the capacity for major urban violence, Allah, Iraq, you have huge cities. Not the cobble's small, but you know, you have that, and then additionally you have the mountain element. So any, any outlaw contingent can just flee there. I mean, and, and, and we learned this with our southern neighbor, right? Why is Mexico ungovernable the mountains, the Eastern Just, just, just, just flee. I mean, the entire coastline is right. Why is Kentucky ungovernable? Same reason. Okay. Yeah. So, yeah.


Yeah. I mean, so sorry, sorry. Just kidding. No, no. I mean, it's, I mean, it's, it's hard to, it, it, it would be very, very, very difficult. And as, as Saddam Hussein, no, I, who tried to invade Iran and didn't work out for Mr. Hussein, a lot of things didn't. So, No, I, I agree completely. Well, you have actually given me, I asked you to come for this conversation. It's late at night. I was very exercised about it. You were nice enough to come and we're in a hotel room in some city, but I thought I was gonna be more depressed by the end. But actually, I feel really heartened by what you said. Well, Thank you for having me. Well, Thank you for making me feel a lot better, Kurt Mills. Appreciate it. Thank you.


Thanks for listening. The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made. The complete library, Tucker Carlson com.