
People love slapping. They love slapping. Yes. Are you shocked? No, I'm not shocked. 'cause I have this sort of gut thing I have and, and when I first started watching it, what's crazy is two nights ago we, we did the event here and the guy who won the world title was the guy that got me into it. When I started watching this stuff a few years ago, this guy named Dumpling outta Siberia, Russia. Okay. You have The best job. I'm not kidding you, I'm not kidding you. When we first paid him, he, I think he wanted 25,003 goats. Did you come up with a male or female Goats? Yeah. That's a good question. I don't know the answer to that question, but he got 25,003 goats.


That was the first, the Yeah. Dumpling from Siberia. The guy who got me into this became the world champion here in Saudi Arabia. I think it seems more painful than getting punched. I don't know about that. When you, what, what you're gonna watch tonight? Listen, you take a minimum of three slaps and slap. Yeah. You're gonna see shins to the face. Elbows.


Yeah. It's pretty kicks. Slams. Yeah. You slap me all day. I shin to the face. Is is, nah. No, you're right. Yeah. You're Absolutely. Or an elbow. I saw you two weeks ago on stage at the inauguration. What was that like? It was awesome. Obviously, you know, like me, you have a great relationship with this guy and Yeah. And to see him to be this far away when he was taking his oath, how cool was that? I mean, it was, it was awesome. So I think you've, I think you've known him better than almost almost anyone around him for longer. He and I are very Close. I know and have been for a long time. And that became pretty obvious late in the campaign when Even those, you're not political, you wound up kind of associated with Trump just 'cause you know him so well.


Do you think he's changed in the LA since July when he got shot? Do you notice a change For the better? Yeah. Yeah. How? Yeah. I, I think that, listen, at the end of the day, as resilient and as tough as this guy is, you know, when, when you almost get assassinated the way that he was, I think it messes with you a little bit. Yeah. And, and the thing about him is I talked to him, I was flying to Italy when he was shot at, and I called him as soon as I landed. And he had just got home from the hospital And he seemed unfazed. Yes.


Which is, it's just not even, it's not humanly possible. But he did. But then a after, after that, he flew the next day to the RNC in Milwaukee and literally never, never rested, never took a break, never stayed out of the limelight after almost getting shot. And I don't know, I just felt like it for him. It affected him, but he made a complete recovery from that thing he did. I talked to him also that night And he seemed totally unaffected. But how could you be totally unaffected? Do you think there were long-term consequences? Good consequences? I mean, he went on to be more successful than he is ever been.


Right. It's Just, it's just a testament to his toughness, his resilience, his grittiness. And I, I think this is what I truly believe. I think that to his core, he believes that God spared him to, to, to run this country for the next four years. And I think that had a lot to do with his mentality coming out of that, you know, assassination attempt because He does seem calmer. He certainly seems more decisive and in command. I, I mean, that's just from watching it. Brilliant. I'm Tucker. I, I went to, to Mar-a-Lago to be with him election night. He hadn't slept in like 72 hours, then he wins the election.


I jump on a plane. I flew to, I flew to Las Vegas and picked up my wife, and then I flew to Hawaii and the guy's calling me the next, I mean, the guy doesn't sleep. He just keeps going and going and going. And you know, the rallies that he was doing leading up to the election night, and I left election night. I jumped on the plane at four in the morning. He was still up when I left at four in the morning. And I, I literally, I don't, I don't know if the guy slept since then. It's, it's unbelievable. I, all of that is totally real. And on a diet that you would not like, recommend to any person. Never seen him, still never seen him drink water.


And you know, I I, I've been with him a lot since the election. Still haven't seen him drink water. He doesn't, it just, I, he's, he's, he's, What do you think that, do you have any guesses? I don't. I mean, you're in the business of like getting maximum performance out of body and mind and spirit. Right. And he's doing the opposite of everything you'd recommend, but, you know, running the world. Yeah. Do you have any guesses as to how that happens? I don't know. I I just have you asked. Unlike any human that I've ever met, you know, and I say it all the time, I've, I've never seen anybody that, that operates the way that this man does. And, and it's such a high, and you know, what, what was, what was badass?


The press conference that he had the other day, right? When when the helicopter crashed into the plane Yeah. Room was packed. He's calling off questions. People are jumping over each other. Their hands are thrown up. When have you seen that kind of energy in the White House? Especially, you know, within the last however many years? You know, you had a guy who couldn't talk publicly. You had a vice president who couldn't speak publicly. You know, I, I know the, the girl who was the, in the last administration that the, you know, the secretary of, you know, whatever the hell she was, that that goes out and does the press conferences.


She's taken a lot of heat. But could you imagine having that job during the Biden administration? No. It had to be absolutely brutal ho horrifying, right? Yeah. The girl's gotta go out and lie pretty much every day. Yeah. And, and, and any type of question that made sense, she would just shut it down and walk out and leave. I mean, that had to be the worst job in America. There, there couldn't be a worst job. And she did the worst job you could do. Yeah. At the worst job with, with What she had to work with. I actually feel bad for that woman. I actually feel bad for that woman. Cut that woman some slack, please. I mean, imagine that's your job that you have to go out during that administration and face the media every day. But anyway, that's besides the point.


That was incredible. The last press conference when he was out there, it was like people were climbing over each other And he gets right in there, fires away and answers questions. And, you know, he's incredible. There's, there's, there's nothing like this guy. What I mean, it seems, And how much he's done. Yeah. A lot in a short amount of time that he is been there. So where's the Opposition to him? It seems like all of a sudden, you know, we spent eight years hearing that, you know, he's the evil Tyra who's gonna suspend the constitution and enslave the nation, and then he wins and you don't, there's like kind of no opposition what happened. Like, do you know any liberals still? Well, you know what's funny? I, you know, I'm one of these guys and you and I have had this conversation before. I don't judge anybody by their politics.


Yeah. And I follow like CNN and M-S-N-B-C and all these other, and, and 'cause I like to hear everybody M-S-N-B-C, I don't even know how they're still on the air. They are the nuttiest. I, I had to unfollow for me to do that. It's like, I love hearing everybody's opinion. They are nuts. It's, it's like I can't even listen to them. They're so, it's almost like a comic strip. Like it's a, it's a cartoon that network. It's, it's like a cartoon. It's so bad. It's unbelievable. And, and, and, and it's the whole, if Trump says it's blue, they say it's black. If it's, you know, it's just, it's, it's so bad. But yeah. No, But anybody One by a landslide, Anyone in your personal life?


No. Like, do you feel like there's been a change? Oh Yeah, yeah. Yeah. There, there's not one person that I know that is a hardcore liberal and they're out there arguing about anything anymore. It's, it's, it's dead. It's all gone. Actually the exact opposite. The people that I know that were very liberal, they're not very Right. But they're definitely not very left. I Know, right. And everyone seems to have accepted free speech as the status quo now. Like you I think So you've been sticking with that for Yeah. Well, through the middle of all of this famously. But now people are like, yeah, okay. You know, I disagree, but you get to say what you think. Yeah. No, I I i, does it feel That Way?


Yeah. It, well, it needs to be that way. You can never let that go. You let that go. And we're all in big trouble, man. So, but I feel like I also felt like after the election, there was a sigh of relief. And not just in the United States, but all over the world here and other countries that we go to. It's just everybody is celebrating the fact that Trump won the election On both sides of the conflict. I agree. In Israel and the Arab countries both. Yep. People Were happy. I agree. At the Power Slap event the other night, you know, their fans here. And I, I, I was talking to people and taking pictures and stuff, and people were saying to me, you have to tell Trump to stop this war.


Trump has to stop this war. Yeah. You know what I mean? They're looking at the American president to help what's going on over here. Fix it. I hope he will. And in Russia and Ukraine, I think the Russians and the Ukrainians, maybe not Zelensky, but I think most Ukrainians, I've never met Ukrainians. Not for Trump. I've never met a Russian who's not for Trump. I mean, it's just, it's just Interesting. Could not agree with you more Because they think that, I mean, you've got fighters from all over the world. Yep. And the farther away they are from the United States, the more they are for Trump. Well, did you ever notice that? Every time I have Trump at a, at a UFC event, every fighter walks over to him and, you know, pays respect to him and all, all the fighters love them from all over the world. And, and yeah. It's, it's been, it's been a, a, a huge sigh of relief since the election.


Anyone who's knowledgeable about physical health would tell you that sleep is absolutely essential. And here's a good way to get a better sleep. It's called Cozy Earth. We use them. They make bamboo sheets. That sounds a little bit weird. Try it. It's one of those things that's so weird. It's likely to be great. And In fact, it is great. They are soft, smooth, breathable after a long day, slipping into Cozy earth. Bamboo sheets is a deep pleasure, but it's not all that they sell. Cozy Earth has a long lineup. Bedding, joggers, pajamas, lots of different ways to be comfortable in bamboo. It's very cool. Valentine's Day is coming up. It's a perfect time to try it. Buy it for someone you love. You get a hundred nights sleep trial and a 10 year warranty. You can roll around on Cozy earth's bamboo sheets for a decade, and it's backed up from the company. And if you use the code Tucker, you get up to 40% off on your purchase, you go to Cozy earth.com. Use the code Tucker, don't forget if asked in a post-purchase survey, let 'em know you heard about Cozy Earth from us. They're great.


So the biggest change, I, I haven't talked to Mark Zuckerberg in a while, and then all of a sudden I see him And he looks completely different. He puts you on the meta board and he's like, he seems like a Trump guy. I think, what is that? I think what you saw, not just Zuckerberg, I think you see all the guys from Silicon Valley now that are, you know, having dinner with Trump showing up at the inauguration and creating a, a relationship with him. I feel like a lot of these people were during the, the woke nutty madness that we went through, you know, I guess I would call it during the Covid era and a little before that are also relieved that it's over.


And I think a lot of people, it was a very few people, there was a handful of people that actually stood up against us and, and, and weren't afraid to face. I don't know what, whatever we might have faced or in that thing. A lot of people got canceled. A lot of bad things happened to a lot of good people during that, that, that time. And, but there was a handful of people that stood up to it. And I think everybody's relieved that it's over. Are you concerned that at your next meet meta meeting, you'll lock eyes with Mark Zuckerberg And he will steal your soul? No, I left. You Know, do you not get that alien vibe at all? I actually like Mark. No. If, listen, if I felt that way about Zuckerberg, I would've never been on the board.


I would've never. So my, my, my head of PR actually hit me up one day and says, Hey, mark Zuckerberg's looking for your number. Can I give it to him? And I, I said, yeah, of course. So he called me And he said, would, would you mind coming up to my place in Tahoe and having dinner? And I said, What's his place in Tahoe like, I'll tell you. So I don't know, mark Zuckerberg never talked to him. Saw the movie. You know, that, that's as much as I knew about Mark Zuckerberg. Oh. So I walk into his living room and of his house, And they put me in the living room to wait. And he is got this American flag on the wall with like 13 stars on it or whatever, you know what I mean?


And I'm like, off to a good start. And the back, he's got a house right on the lake, the biggest American flag you've ever seen in your life. Ripping in the wind in the backyard. Really? A hundred percent. A hundred percent. Then he comes in, we sit down, we have dinner, and we probably talk for four hours. And I walked away from that first meeting liking Mark, and we started to create a relationship from there. We talked and, you know, he's a UFC fan and we became friends then the whole Elon versus Mark Zuckerberg fight thing that was, that was going on at that time, that was real.


And I was in the middle of it. And I had a blast doing the negotiations with that thing, talking to Elon for an hour Every night, talking to Mark an hour Every night. And then I was literally, What were the negotiations about, About the fight where it would be wait, wait classes, this, that, what could you do? What couldn't you do? And I was literally doing conference calls with the government in Italy to do this thing in the Coliseum, in, in Rome. And, you know, for the right number. The Coliseum was gonna let us do that fight there. And then eventually it, you know, it started to fall apart. But while it lasted, it was fun.


And through that mark and I became even closer. And then I flew from Italy to, to the RNCI spoke at the RNC. Yeah. And I flew back to Italy on my vacation with my family, and I got a text from Mark that said, Hey, can you talk for a minute? Called him back. And he said, this is what he said to me, I think you're a great businessman. You always seem to be on the right side of everything. And my company needs a backbone. I would be honored if you would sit on the board for meta. And I, This was right after your RNC speech, Right after, as soon as I landed back in Italy.


And he gave $350 million to Joe Biden's campaign in 2020. That's kinda wild that he, he's watching you at the RNC and is like, I like what you have to say. I want you on the meta board. Like, what do you make of that? I don't know. I don't know. That's, that's interesting. You gotta admit. Yeah. But that's how it all went down. That's, that's the, the, the, the beginning up until today of, of my relationship with Mark. And, and you know, I know a lot of people think my, my, my sister, my sister's as far right, my sister's like you as far right as you could possibly get during the Covid era. She is a good person. Well, you met her, you and her. I did. I You and her hit it off in New York.


Yes. I'm, I couldn't get you to apart in New York, but my, my, my sister during the Covid area, I'd have to say Kelly, stop texting me, like, stop. Okay. The world's not gonna, the world is not ending. So my sister had her, you know, her feelings about Zuckerberg and a lot of other people that are far right, but I'm, I'm just telling you my relationship. Yeah. Kelly is not far right. Kelly's just basically a sensible person. Kelly's Kelly's as far right as you are. So what did she think about you going in the meta board? She, you know, she, she didn't love it. And, you know, but I said, listen, mark Zuckerberg isn't, is isn't what everybody thinks he is. He's not as bad as, as everybody thinks he is.


Well, I do think it was, I mean, we're just watching it from afar, not talking to you about it, but I thought the one thing that everyone knows about you is you're opposed to censorship. You're clearly, I mean, again, this week you had, you came out and you said one of your fighters said something you thought was disgusting and you hated, but you're not firing him. Like you've kind of taken the stand, stand against censorship very publicly again and again and again. I, you know, Facebook is known for censorship, so probably a good thing they're putting you on the board. Like, what's gonna happen when you're sitting in a meeting. Like, we need to censor stuff we disagree with. I think that's why I'm there. I'm not there for my, my technical capabilities. I can promise you that and my, you know, do any programming while what my theories on AI are and how we should, you know, IIII know my role there.


And what do you think it's, I've already been, I've already been in it. I mean, we've already had some situations and some things that we've dealt with. My first board meeting actually in person, you know, up in, up in Silicon Valley is a week after I, I, I fly from here to Sydney. We have a fight next Saturday, then I fly home and then like a week later is my first board meeting where we're not on Zoom. So yeah, I'm, I'm not, I, I'm, I know what my role is and I, I, I, I'm the type of guy, I will speak at this thing when I can add value. And when I think I, you know, I got a lot to learn. Never been on a board before. Run, run a, run a company, big company now that deals in, you know, hundreds of millions to billions of dollars.


And a lot of the things that I do are by, I, I would guess I would just say gut and, and how I think we should handle it. You know, it's not like, again, my head of pr a pr she's brilliant and, and I respect her very much. But it's not like the other night when we, I found out what Bryce Mitchell had said. It's not like we got a bunch of lawyers on the phone and we didn't, you know, I did, I got on Google and I started looking up World War II and, you know, remind Bryce Mitchell on what a piece of shit Hitler was. Okay, let's, and, and why he is not a good guy and why you wouldn't want to go fishing with him.


And, and, and that was it. You know, I saw people saying, oh, he read a cans. I don't ever read can statements. Nobody writes anything for me. And lawyers are never involved when I go out and speak whatever. I'm writing down stats from World War ii. You know, I wrote 'em down. So I, I, I wouldn't forget. But nobody writes anything for me. Everything is exactly how I feel about it. Whether you like it or not, I don't care. I don't care if you like it, I don't care if you don't like it, this is my company and I'll run it the way I want to. Right. So when you say, you know, your role at Facebook and you say, Zuckerberg said to you, I need spine on my board. Do you feel like your role is to oppose censorship at Facebook?


I, no, I don't think that my role is to oppose censorship. I think that there's gonna be decisions that need to be made on the fly. It's already happened. I mean, I've already been involved in, in, in, in a few things already, in just a short time that I've been there. And I give my opinion on what I think should be done and how it should be handled. Everybody that I've met on the, on, on the board already, they're, they're all actually really good people and smart people. And, and we've all had really good interactions so far. So I, I'm actually really, I'm really liking it. It's gonna be my first board meeting. It's a two day thing.


I don't know how long we're gonna sit in there in the, in the, in these board meetings. But that'll be different and new for me, a new experience for me. But my interaction with all the other board members has been really, really good so far. So I, I'm looking forward to it. And, and I think that when I can add value, I, I will speak up and, and, and, and at the end of the day, mark Zuckerberg runs meta. Yeah. And, and he'll make the final decisions. I think it's brilliant in the way that he brings people in that he likes and respects and wants to hear from. And everybody gives their opinion. And at the end of the day, mark Zuckerberg makes the decisions. So the whole point of market capitalism is consumer choice.


You have AdChoices between products and services and the competition between companies makes the goods and services better. That's the core idea. Unfortunately, there are an awful lot of monopolies out there. Monopolies are not good for consumers. They are not good for you. And one of the places where there's effectively a monopoly is in wireless contracts, but it's not a complete monopoly.


You're probably paying way too much to use your cell phone, but now you have AdChoices, you don't have to pay a hundred bucks a month just to get a free phone. That's not a good deal. There's a company called Pure Talk, which we use that has no inflated prices. With a qualifying plan of just $45 a month. You can choose a free phone, an iPhone 14 or a Samsung Gallery. Then you get unlimited talk tax, 25 gigs of data, which is enough for most people. A mobile hotspot, all for that low price. And it's got the most dependable 5G network. So you get your free iPhone 14 or Samsung Galaxy by visiting pure talk.com/ Tucker. And you switched to Pure Talk today, America's wireless company, pure Talk.


Do you think that we're at peak openness right now for the internet? It feels like Yep. People have more freedom to say what they really think than I've, I've ever seen. Can that last? Well, I think that's a good question. You know, one of the things that I've learned in my short time at Meta is the far right think they're being suppressed. The far left think that it's too dangerous and not being policed enough. And the only place where there is true free speech is in America. And the rest of the world extorts them every day. That's what I've learned in my short extorts Them. What do you mean Extorts them? So if you are in some country that ha whatever country that has, you know, Facebook or Instagram or whatever it is, and something gets posted and stays up that they don't like, they'll find them.


They, you know, all kinds of crazy Threatening to shut 'em down. Yeah, Yeah. That's constant, Constant daily. Yeah. Well, it has political effect. I mean, yeah, There's no doubt Those companies, very powerful. They can bring down governments very powerful and probably have unwittingly or not They are. So when you think about Facebook, Instagram, X, et cetera, et cetera, I mean, this is the new media. This is, these are the, the, the Fox, the ABCs, the NBCs, you know, of, of the future. This, this is like owning a, a, a major network or the New York Times or you know, More more, yeah. More powerful than that. I agree.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah. It's like television plus newspapers. 'cause it globally has the emotional resonance and the full penetration. Like everywhere in the world, people are looking at this stuff. So, And it's immediate. As soon as something comes out, the whole world knows instantly. Right. So it's not surprising that Country X, every other country basically, other than the United States, is gonna be pushing Meta and Google and Elon at x to, you know, tailor this or that according to their demands. But the United States is based on the idea that citizens get to say what they think, period. It's, it's the first point in the Bill of Rights. So what matters is that they stay firm here.


And do you think they will? That's a good question. I think they will for the next four years. I think they will for the next four years. I think you see 'em all except for Elon. I mean, let's be honest, Elon was a superhero through this whole, That's for sure. Yeah. You know what I mean? Where are we right now without Elon Musk? It's what he did was incredible. And why do you think he Did it? Because I think he's smart and I think he's, I think that something about him is, is fearless. The fact that he would go in and spend the kind of money that he did to, to buy that thing, basically just to find out what went on.


Yeah. I mean, he is literally a superhero in this country right now. And as far as I'm concerned, and I think what he did also made a lot of people in that field, I guess I'd say braver and say, you know what? This, we should follow his lead. And, and obviously having this administration, there's nothing worse than when the government comes after you. When, when, when we were, when the Obama administration was in, they came after us for being a monopoly. So we bought this company that was bankrupt, turning it around, creating jobs and all these other things. And we got the government, we had to, we had to spend like eight or $9 million at that time to defend ourself against a monopoly suit from the government.


Meanwhile, Google actually is monopoly. Yeah, Well, there's a lot of monopolies out there. Well, there are A lot of monopolies. That's exactly. You know, but yeah. So, you know, when whenever you have the government coming after you, it's, it's, it's not fun. So what'd You tell your si? I'm sorry, I missed, what'd you tell your sister? She complains from the far right. What was, what was that? When you said your sister complained about you joining the board, you, I forgot to ask you how, how you responded to her. What'd you say to her? Yeah, well, I told her the same thing that I just told you about how I felt about Mark. And, and let, lemme ask you a question. Would you rather not have Meta and Mark Zuckerberg and everybody on, on, on, on our side? I mean, and by by our side.


I Mean, I'd rather have you influencing them. I think that's Good by our side. I mean, the side of common sense. I agree. I totally agree. The side of common sense. You, you want the, the Zuckerbergs of the world and the, and the Googles and the Apples and you know, the Elon Musk. You want as many allies on the side of common sense as possible. You don't wanna distance yourself from these guys. You wanna embrace 'em and, and, and, and try to try to figure out how, how to bring everybody into the common sense world, right? Yeah. I mean, isn't that what we all want? Why, why fight and battle and say, I would never sit on the board of, of, of meta or whatever. If, if he thinks that I can add any value, why would I not do it?


And I'm very into social media and I think it's the future. And obviously AI is too, and I get to get inside and, and, and see and learn the future of this thing and have, and have a hand and how it all plays out. Why would I not wanna do that? I think that's fair. I think that's fair. So what I mean, you, you say that for the next four years, social media in this country following the lead of Elon is likely to be open and free and less crazy, more common sense oriented, less woke, et cetera. What about the other professional sports leagues like N-F-L-N-B-A? Do they swing back into the Center of America or they continue on this self-destructive path?


I don't know. That's a good question. That's a good question. That's one I can't answer. I I, what I do is I run mine the way I think it should. And again, I I I run it with what I call common sense. I Well, that's worked for you. So why wouldn't they try that? Well, I, I mean, it's hard to say that the NFL is screwing up. I mean the, the NF L's as powerful as powerful could be. The NBA ratings are dropping, you know, they're, they're having their issues. But yeah, it's hard to mess with the NFL. The NFL you, You can not like the new kickoff thing. You can, You can, like some things they don't do, but the NFL absolutely kills it.


It's, it's the most powerful sport In What do you think is going on with the NBA? Where are their ratings down? I, I just think the, I, I'm an NBA fan. Yeah. I just went to the Laker Celtics game a couple weeks ago and I'll be at another Celtics game. And I just think that the NBA has gotten soft and everybody sees it. You In in what sense? We were Just talking about this at dinner tonight. I mean, if you, if you look at the NBA when we grew up, yeah. So I'm a, I'm a lifelong diehard Celtics fan. Well, Yeah. New England. But when, when people ask me about idols and heroes and all these kind of stuffs, I've had people who've had influence on me, like Bruce Lee and Mike Tyson and, and, and lots of other people growing up. But Michael Jordan.


Michael Jordan to me is, I've never met Michael Jordan and I don't wanna meet Michael Jordan. I don't ever wanna meet him. I, I, I, I, I am That's probably a good call. Biggest Michael Jordan fan ever of his mentality, the way that he, I like Killers man. And Michael Jordan was a killer. And the stuff that his teammates say about him that everybody says, I love, love it. And, and the NBA just isn't like that. You haven't seen that since Kobe, you know, it just, it just doesn't have that. When you go back and think of the, the, the NBA from the eighties and nineties and all the different stars that you could remember from back then and how it was just a tougher game that, you know what I mean?


It was, it was a lot tougher and so many fouls and flopping and all the stuff that happens today isn't what the NBA used to be. And what made the NBA big You think they got too rich? It happens happens in my business too. You get too rich and, and, and, and things change. But I, I wouldn't say that. Yeah. Yeah, maybe you're right. Yeah. Money screws up a lot of things may, maybe money did, but I mean, the, the game changed and society changed And they did become, become richer. I don't know. That's, that's a tough one to Will that happen to you? Will you have soft fighters, do you think at some point?


Listen, everybody gets, everybody changes when you, when you make a lot of money. You know, when, when, no matter what walk of soft Fighters lose immediately. No. But, but no matter what walk of life you're in, once you get to a certain level of success, you have to be a certain type of person to stay hungry and get out and fight every day. When we sold in 2016, 99% of the people said that I was gonna retire and, and walk away. I'm not wired like that. I love Michael Jordan. Lemme tell you what you think I'm gonna, no, I'm, that's the way that I'm wired too. I'm still out building, you know, new brands and doing shit that I don't need to be doing. But I do it because I love it. But yeah, I could see, you know, you know how many People, you know, in a sale like mine in 2016 and just, you never see that guy again.


They just, they're done. You know? And, and what happens to 'em? I don't know. I think you just go hang out. I don't know what the hell you do. I dunno what people like that do. No, but, But that is actually kind of a big question. Since they're an awful lot of people in our country, you know, who, 'cause there's so much money floating around have kind of just kind of checked out. They got too rich. Like, do you ever check up on 'em to see what happened to them? No, I never have. It'd be interesting though. You should, you should, you should do a show on people who, who made it big and, and you know, where are they now? Sold their company. Where are they now? What are they doing? What do you do every day? They're suffering. Yeah. Gotta be right? Yeah. Well there's, can you imagine? Well, I mean, once the fight is gone, life is gone. I will never retire, ever.


I will keep dogging this out until the day I drop dead. Really? I love it. Yeah. A hundred percent. You'll be Like 80 years old at ringside. Hopefully. Hopefully you look at I hate him. He's an asshole. But Bob Arum. Yeah. The boxing promoter. Yeah. He's 94 years old. Right. I hate him. This guy's the biggest douche bag of all time. But I'm, I'm at Wait, say you're not for him, you're saying? Oh, he is a douche bag. So I am at the ACEs, WNBA game. Yeah, right? Yeah. Bob Arum is 94 years old. 94. It's at nine o'clock at night. He's sitting over there on, on Courtside.


I'm like, holy shit. Bob a is here. This is crazy. This guy's nine for you getting years old. No, I didn't, he wouldn't have seen it anyway. But he's sitting over there. It's eight 30 i I shit you not, two days later I'm watching a fight. Bob Arum is in Saudi Arabia, ringside at a boxing event. Two days later he's in London at a press conference. He is 94 years old. I hate him. But you gotta respect it. Right? You, how do you not respect that? No, but you said I I would've. But then you said he was at A-W-N-B-A game. Yeah. And that kind of wreck Me. What were, Were you, were you watching that on tv? 'cause you weren't, obviously Not. No, I, I got, I got courtside seats at, at the, at w at the Las Vegas ACEs.


Absolutely. Kelsey Plum is one of my good friends and I go there and I support her. You are not embarrassed at as much as possible. Not at all. No way. Love it, love it. I'm, I'm, I'm an NBA fan. I'm an NBA fan. I know it's WNBA. Yeah, I'm in, I'm in, I'm in. Dana White. Thank you. Pleasure. Thanks for having me. It's great to see you, man. You too.