
America, it's time for a redecoration of independence. We're amid a hostile takeover. The globalists and their political henchmen are seeking control of you and America. A group of Patriots inspired by Tucker Carlson's, famous call to bravery have written a redecoration of independence, demanding that our representatives go to Washington and begin dismantling the Washington Political Empire. Go to redecoration.org. That's redecoration.org. Read, sign and forward Red. Declare your independence. Today,


You send me a rifle that I love. I, I I don't care you get busted for a drug related murder spree. And I will testify to your character. Sorry. I'm actually very easy to buy. I didn't know that. Fairly, fairly cheap date. Cheap date. It's like, it's a, you know, Jeffrey Dahmer bad guy. But he sent me this rifle once that I love. Welcome to Tucker Carlson show. We bring you stories that have not been showcased anywhere else. And they're not censors, of course, because we're not gatekeepers.


We are honest brokers here to tell you what we think you need to know and do it honestly. Check out all of our content at Tucker Carlson dot com. Here's the episode. So I woke up this morning thinking about something you said at dinner last night. You said, I've been telling people I've been warning people for 30 years about dead and why it's bad and there's more people in debt than ever. And, and you sort of bitterly laugh, but I thought it was a really interesting point. This country is much deeper in debt, I think, than we appreciate on an individual level, not just national debt, but people, how, how deep is the debt and why? It's bad. It's bad. It's bad.


Yeah. We're not, we're we're laughing about it because we, you know, we're, you know, David and Goliath in a sense of the, the credit card industry, for instance, spends more on advertising and marketing in a year than all professional sports put together than any other single product line on the planet. It, they And, they And, they And. they are excellent marketers. They're very good at what they do to just to sell a visa and to make it normalized and to make MasterCard a part of our lives. And so we're at 1.7 trillion in credit card debt right now. We're at 1.9 trillion now in student loan debt. Car debt is, you know, in the mid one trillions as well.


It's the highest. All of those are the highest they've ever been right now, right now. And yeah. And I've been working to get people outta debt for 30 years. So I'm a complete abject failure. You've been telling the truth, which counts. It counts. But in terms of, I helped that one and that one, but as a whole, the macro on it, yeah, we're running backwards. They're, they're better at selling it than I'm, than I am getting them outta, they, they spend more on marketing the cred. I just wanna say this out loud and make sure I got it. The credit card companies spend more on marketing every year than all professional sports. Yep. And then all, and any other product line, an automotive line, you know, put together Ford, Chrysler, Toyota, whatever, put all, and that there's a lot of television commercials with Chevy trucks running through the mud. Oh yeah. Nothing like visa, not nothing like Visa, MasterCard, discover Amex because it's so stinking profitable.


They just make, so do they really, so can you explain, I wish I knew more about this. Well, it's simple. They charge 18 to 28% on the, and people stay in debt. Average American right now is $37,000 in credit card debt. So you run that out times 300 million and you've got some money coming into good old chase and what's in your wallet, their money, you know, so it's, it's bad. So that, I mean, that's gotta be one of the major profit centers in American banking. Oh, definitely, definitely. Banking exists based on debt in general. of course, obviously, of course. Obviously they're borrowing money from you at the rate of your savings account and then they're loaning it to your neighbor at the rate of a car loan or a credit card or a home equity loan.


And obviously there's a spread there. And that's why we've always known bankers. We're wealthy folks. They're not greedy, they're not evil. They're just doing their thing. And they're better at it than we are as consumers. We're just kind of wandering along like pigs to the slaughter. So, okay. They market to kids. And I know that, 'cause when I was in college, one of the few things I remember from college was getting free credit cards in the mail. Yeah, yeah. But they, you know, you weren't allowed to send me cigarettes or Copenhagen chewing tobacco, but you could send credit cards and that was, no one ever said anything about it. That seems wrong. It is. And nowadays it's more accidental just because of the level of aggressive, you know, they're just chaotic and aggressive in their marketing.


It's everywhere. I mean, they send it to dead people, to dogs. You know, we've got, we've got great credit cards that customers have sent us that was issued to their Labrador retriever, you know, or to their poodle. And so fru can, you know, get a line of credit, you know, just because they're just sending it everywhere. They're sending it everywhere. And you know, there's a whole movement probably 15 years ago where they were all over the college campuses, And, they pretty well are off the college campuses now if they're just across the property line, you know, to next door to the college campus doing something. But the, the thing of them shoving it down to college students at, at the behest of the college is that's, a lot of that's gone just because there's so much consumer uprising against it.


But they're still out there. I mean, they're still just going. It's what they do. None of the ra, the supposedly radical lefties out there calling for revolution and a total overhaul of our society. Like they never, they never go after the credit card companies. You know, they mention student loans or they mention, you know, the big companies or capitalism, but they never, I've never seen any Antifa person say, Hey, don't pay your credit card bill. Like they, for some reason, the left, even a OC and people like that, they, they seem like they bought off by the credit card companies. I never hear them attacking their credit card companies ever. Well, I mean, we we're taught, again, with the most repetitive, sophisticated marketing over the longest period of time in human history.


I mean, the number of impressions before your, I and across your mind we've been taught don't leave home without it. We've been taught that, you know, what would you do? I mean, we have, people have physical reactions when they cut up their credit cards. I mean, they're, they're crying, they're shaking, really? And what that means is what? That, that it's become an, you know, it's become something that is necessary for life. It's an altar that we worship at. Right. And it's not, I mean, Daniel Boone did leave home without it. I mean we, we, this is a fairly recent phenomenon. Yeah, it is in human history. It's not like it's something that's gone on forever. If you really, back to the 1970s, even the credit card was, you know, 25% of Americans carrying a credit card in 1972.


I mean, there was not, it's, it's fairly recent that it was, that it's so pervasive that it's just necessary for life. And it's not, I mean, I, I don't have credit cards. I haven't, you know, in 30 something years I have debit cards. Finally they came out that made life a little better. So travel and everything and the debit card will do everything the credit card will do except get you in debt. 'cause you actually have to have money in your freaking account in order to spend it. But, so I've got, you know, debit cards on my business and debit cards on my personal account. And I use it like, most people use a credit card. I guess what, what, what's wrong with having a credit card if you pay the balance every month? Most people don't remote.


Most people don't. That's, that's the great lie. 78% of people don't, no And, they all talk around, talk about how everybody talks about this theoretical discipline that they just freaking don't have. And so, you know, wait, 78% pay rule the balance over month to month. Yeah. Just like 97% of the people don't pay a 30 year mortgage like a 15 so that it pays off in 15. 'cause they promised themselves they would, we're gonna take out authority just in case we need to let up. but we we're gonna pay it like a 1590 7% do not systematically prepay. And that's, that's, you know, federal Reserve statistics. I didn't make those numbers up. And so it's just this idea that we have, we trust ourselves with this discipline that's really just simply not there.


And so why, what's the purpose? What are you getting? Okay, if you're gonna pay your credit card every month off every month and you're really gonna do that, then a debit card will work. 'cause there's money to pay the credit card off and just use that money through your debit card. It's the exact same freaking thing. I mean, it's the exact same thing. Why don't people do that? Because they've been taught that they can't live without this. And that if you don't get airline miles, then, you know, as you're, if You don't get 1% back on your discover card, which this one tickles me, I keep people with a master's degree in financing. I got 1% back on my Discover card. So, so you're gonna run a hundred grand through your Discover card to get a thousand dollars back on what planet does that build wealth?


I mean, and under what, what math, I mean, did you get out of the sixth grade where you trade a hundred K for one K and you call this a wealth building mechanism? That's just asinine. You know, but this is, people make, supposedly sophisticated people will make this argument at me and And they have for 30 years. So I've got it long. So it's your argument that they're just too dangerous. You just like, first there's no point. There's no point. It's not even, it's that dangerous. If you are paying it off every month, it's not gonna bankrupt you. The other thing is this, and again, we're dealing with Joe and Susie consumer, right? And I'm not dealing with somebody with a masters in finance. Usually we're dealing with, you know, folks making 80 grand and you know, he's a cop, she's a teacher.


Okay. And so, you know, what MIT study shows us is, is that when you swipe plastic, you're, you spend 12 to 18% more than if you lay down actual cash. Because cash, when you see Benjamin looking at you activates the pain centers of the brain. And when you do, when you swipe it and go one further, just take your Apple phone and just use your wallet. And you never even see plastic. You just moved your phone around like you just returned an email or a text and now you're walking outta Home Depot with another tool. Right. And that's even less friction. And you less friction Is your website, my website where they just push a button or Amazon push a button and the the recognition in your brain that you're actually spending money goes down precipitously as you go along.


That's why they have chips in a casino. Exactly. Exactly. Exactly. They would never, and that's why they take taxes out of our check. If you had a guy standing at the end of your office every Friday named Matthew the tax collector from the Bible, and you had to hand him your tax money out of your check, there'd be a revolution in America. Yeah. 'cause people would recognize emotionally with the pain centers of their brain, what they're actually paying in taxes. It's the same thing here. It's just friction and marketing. We call it, you call it, I call it on our websites. And we wanna lower friction. We make it easy for the customer to buy where they don't feel any pain, And, they buy more. It's a simple arra, you know, it's a simple arrangement.


But if you have to actually lay down a hundred dollars bills and, and you know, Rachel, my daughter teaches with us, and she brought up the point, which I had never thought of, that when you hand someone a piece of plastic at the store, they hand you the groceries or the shirt back with the plastic. When you hand them money, they just hand you the shirt. That's more like a trade at the old trading post. Yeah. I'm trading you this for that. Yeah. With plastic, I get the plastic back visually and the item and I'm no, again, no recognition or we do, we intellectually grasp it, but I'm talking about emotional, psychological recognition. That actual transaction has just occurred.


And so we spend more, that's what it comes down to. And so we're spending more big picture, there's a weird incentive here because there are, the forces of totalitarianism want to get rid of cash, of course. Because it cash cannot be controlled in the way that digital currency can be controlled. Right. All of our cash comes through the banks. The government gets us cash through banks. But banks have a massive incentive to get rid of cash also because they're profiting from credit cards Very and very labor intensive to screw with the cash. Well, exactly. And dirty by the way. Yeah. So banks have once again, every incentive to eliminate the use of cash in the United States.


Well, and again, it, it's, we go how far we want to go on, on, on how evil the intent is from the bottom up and how organized the evil is. I don't know about, I'm just saying but the incentives are aligned. The incentives are there. But what I'm saying is, is that you, I could go either way. I can go real deep into that personally. Or I can say, eh, they're just not real good at it. But the they are collecting our data. And when you're operating cash, you're off the grid. Well, exactly. There's one more place I hadn't thought of that, that I can I, can I can tell you exactly what is happening with Joe and Susie. And so it's gone so far as to the, the collections departments with some of the large credit card companies are so scummy and they're very good at what they do.


But if a zip, if an area code comes in and someone's returning a call to a collector from the south, the person's calling from the south, they'll put someone on with a, a New York accent because that's abrasive to someone with the south. And you wanna create an abrasive situation with a collector. If they're calling into customer service, they'll match them up with an, with the, an accent that's pleasant to them and so on. Really? Yeah. Oh, it's, they're very good at, but indebted southerners get Yankee collectors and vice versa. 'cause you wanna piss a Yankee off, bring a passive aggressive southerner in, you know, I mean, it's like, right.


So you know now, honey, you're right. I mean that, that's not gonna go well. So that's not good for a New Yorker. And so it, it's just, they're it's just a, they're very, very good at what they do. And they collect data, And they use the data to sell us more. And I mean, Google's doing that. We know that. We know Apple's doing that. That's not, it's not rocket surgery. We know this is going on, but, so cash gets you off the grid. Cash represents freedom. So it is antithesis for totalitarianism the ability people use cash. I feel like people don't use cash anymore. Not, not as much. Not as much. It's way down. It's way down. One of the last places I gave up using cash was at the pump pumping gas.


'cause I used to always walk in pay cash. I had cash for my gas, I had cash for our groceries. We still pay cash for our groceries at the Ramseys. Sharon Steel carries an envelope with cash in it in our purse for it says groceries on it. And to this day, it's how we started our stuff years ago. It's what we teach. But I, I'm too lazy to walk into the stupid gas station and pay the bill now. But here's the thing again, one more time. Think about it. When gas went 20 years ago, gas moves up to five bucks for 10 minutes. If you had to walk in the store and you're paying cash, all of a sudden the cost of gasoline is a much more passionate political issue of course.


Than when we're just sticking a cart in, ah, crap. It just, I can't believe it was a hundred bucks. And you walk off and you'll think anything about it. But if you walk to the store from the pump and you put down, by the time you get back to the truck, you're pissed. Oh, for sure. You know, and so nowadays when gas goes up, it's kinda like, ah, look, gas went up and or did it. I don't, I'm not sure that it, how much was it under Trump? How much is it under Biden? You know, and people that it doesn't, again, it doesn't register because the pain centers aren't activated. And, and now it becomes a political thing because it's not, the cost of that is not waking you up. So the cost of eggs, if you were paying cash in the grocery store and this last routine, the eggs were the thing, remember?


Yeah, not long ago we were all done a die 'cause eggs were too expensive. So the, the Biden inflation. Right. So, but if you were paying cash for it, there'd have been egg wars. I mean it's like, so it's, it, it's so they're law us sleep. Very interesting to, it's very interesting. Yeah. We're, we're lazy. So how much debt is the average American carrying on credit cards? 37,000. 37 per like, per, yeah. That's the current averages. I mean, depending on who you read and who you believe I have, we haven't done that research at Ramsey, but we we've looked it up. I mean, $37,000. Yes. At what interest rate I 18 to 28 is the range on, on cars.


Well that's just crazy, Tom. Yeah. Yeah. If you had $37,000 in credit card debt, wouldn't you be scared? They are. And so when the cost of bread goes up and supply chain screws with their grocery basket cost, it's not, it, it's a very real fear then why is not a single per I never, I I just can can't get past this of all the villains in public life. Well, you're, you've been attacked, I've noticed. And a lot of virtuous people have been attacked. I never hear the credit card companies attacked by anyone ever. But they seem like one of the main causes of misery for Americans. Yeah.


We have, and we've attacked them and for 30 years. But mainly attacking the stuff like we're talking about right here is present people with ideas And, they go, oh, I'm getting screwed. I'm gonna stop this And, they make a change. And, they cut up their cards, we call it plastic surgery. Right. They chop 'em up, they get out of debt and they'll never go back once, once they've had that emotional. But there is a big DI mean, all debt is obviously, in my opinion, bad. And one of the reasons I'm so grateful for your role in our society reminding people of that. But not all debt is the same. If I'm paying 4% on a mortgage, that's very different from paying 25% on a credit card. Exactly. Sure. I mean, that's just insane that people pay. Well and you've got one thing that's going up in value and the other is a stake you at like eight last night.


It's pretty much gone. Yeah. So,


so we were at a meeting here at TCN the other day. And I looked around the room and every other person had a kind of ruddy vitality, sort of pink cheeks, alertness, bright eyes, full mental acuity, and a cheerfulness you could almost smell. And I asked, why does everyone look so good? And part of the answer of course is they like what we do for a living. It's really interesting. We think it's important. But another reason everyone looks so good is because they'd all had a great night sleep. I'm not making this up. Almost everybody here uses a new sleep technology from a company called Eight Sleep. They sent it to us and everyone here loves it. It's called the pod. It's a high-tech mattress cover effectively that you add to your existing bed. You don't need a new bed or anything like that. You just throw this over what you have. What it does is it adjusts the temperature of your bed warmer or cooler, depending on what you want. And it maintains an ideal sleeping environment all night long. So I didn't know this, but as you progress through different phases of sleep, your body's needs change. And Eight Sleep automatically keeps things exactly where they should be in the sweet spot through the entire night. It's been proven to increase the quality of your sleep, the amount you sleep Every night. It improves your recovery time from physical exertion. And it may even improve your cognitive performance. Enhance, enhance your overall health. It seems to be doing that in our office. So it learns and adapts to your sleep patterns over time and automatically adjusts temperatures throughout the night through each phase of sleep. And it does this independently for each sleeper on either side of the bed. That's pretty cool. So You can sleep well and feel much better and be more effective the next morning as we are here. Try it for yourself. Go to Eight Sleep dot com slash tucker, use the promo code Tucker to get an extra 350 bucks off the Pod. Four Ultra You can try it with zero obligation for a month. And if you don't like it, just send it back again. That's Eight Sleep dot com slash tucker. Better sleep today and look great in your morning meetings. As our guys do.


Football season is here and Prize Picks is The best place to get real money sports action while watching football season. Long Fantasy takes so much time, but Prize picks makes it simple. Just pick two or more players across any sport, pick more or less on their projection. And you could win up to 100 times your money on prize picks. You can still cash out even if the lineup isn't perfect. And all withdrawals are fast, safe and secure. Not only that, but Prize Picks is the only daily fantasy app with injury insurance. If one of your players goes down in the first half prize picks, doesn't count it as a loss. Just some of the many ways prize picks puts its members first. Download the prize Picks app today, use Code Tucker and get $50 instantly when you play $5. That's code Tucker on prize picks to get $50 instantly when you play $5. You don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed prize picks run your game must be present in certain states. Visit price picks.com for restrictions and details.


I don't understand. So the, the states, the state of New York and the federal government, you know, spent decades a century putting mafia figures in prison for loan sharking, loan sharking. And that was lending money at high interest rates. 'cause it was against, it was unfair. It was considered, well, it was a crime. I think it still is a crime. How is it not a crime in the credit card companies do it? I don't know. I I'm, I I I'm, I'm, I'm a free market guy. Yeah. Yeah. I would, I would rather punish them by taking their customers than I get it, than by providing regulation. I, I get it. I'm not even calling for regulation. I'm, but I'm saying that it's regulated when the Genovese family does it, but not when Citibank does it.


So how does that work? Yeah. And how does payday lending still open at 800% interest? 800. Yeah. 800% interest. And these are poor people. They're, they're leaning on. So this is particularly bad. It's funny 'cause someone like a OC You don obviously protector of black people and the urban poor, like I've haven't heard her say one word. I mean, it seems like everybody is kind of colluding against lower income people. Yeah. And it's, it's biblically unsound. I mean, it's a bad idea. What does that mean? If you, if you read in the scripture, you don't wanna be on the list of the person who takes, who oppresses the poor, the orphan or the widow.


That's not a good list to be on. Yes. If, if you're, if you have any idea that there might be a God yes, because the things that happens to the people that oppress the poor, the orphan and the widow are not good. You, you're supposed to take care of the poor and take care of the widow and take care of the orphan. And it's quite the opposite. And, and You don't, we don't see that kind of sanctified capitalism as much as we should. I don't see really any of it. It's out there. There's pe there's lots of good companies that do take care of their team. They take care of their employees, they take care of their customers. The customer comes in And. they go, this lady just is, you know, she's, her husband just passed away. She's got little kids and she can't eat.


And they'll take care of, I mean, companies do that everywhere. Americans are unbelievably generous. Yes, yes. They are generous culture in the history of the world. And that comes through small business. It comes through even big business. Sometimes Americans are The best. It's their institutions are rotten. And that it does seem like maybe that's the problem. If you could just reform some of the big institutions, it would be a much happier country with fewer oppressed people. But 800% on a payday loan. It's a, you take out a, you write a $250 check for two weeks. Yeah. Advance on your, on your paycheck coming in And, they hand you $200. And so it's $50 charge.


It's loan sharking rates. And that's not that horrible, so to speak, because if that's all there is, but if you renew that all the way through one year, it's 864%. And so that, and that's the typical payday lender. Some states have out loud payday lenders completely. Others are quote unquote regulating them. But those people are feeding on the poor. 'cause I gotta, I gotta promise you, the wealthy people are not going in there and doing a $200 to $250 transaction. It's not, they're not. And middle class people aren't even. And then, so it's the same thing as the rent to, and they're in the same rent to own title pawning, you know, same end of town where you see these, what is, can you explain rent to own?


Rent to own is you take a thousand dollars washer and dryer and you pay for it six or eight times monthly because you're renting it. And then they let you own it at the end of it. By the time of it, it's almost worn out. But the, the, again, the, you could have taken your monthly and gone to a garage sale and bought a good use set. Yeah. And had zero debt, zero payments. But again, no one that's middle class or upper class falls for that junk. You don't see those things in the no You don't rich end of town. No You. Don't you see them when you go into the other side of town? The other side of the tracks. I mean, credit cards are, I think so embarrassing. It's almost like a drug habit.


You know, nobody wants to talk about credit card debt if the average American in who has a credit card is $37,000 in debt at over 20% interest. I mean, that's like the, that's the craziest thing I've heard this week. And that includes you and me, which have zero. We're talking an average. Yeah. I mean, I've had between, someone else has more in order to get to that average, if you and I have zero, right? Yeah. I'm not good at math and I've, I'm not good at business. I'm not good at managing money. I've definitely had money problems, big time, money problems, but I've never had credit card debt. 'cause even I, low IQ with numbers, guy could understand like 20% interest is a lot more than 6% interest.


Yeah. You know what I mean? I don't want that. So, huh. What, what happens to a person who's $37,000 in debt, who makes $60,000 a year in, in credit card debt? Too many negative things to count. But number one, cause of divorce in North America Day, money fights, money, stress, seriously. Number one, things people fight about in their marriage by far. So we've got a socioeconomic impact. If you lose hope because you feel like a rat in a wheel and it's, I owe I owe soft to work, I go, thank God it's Friday. Oh God, it's Monday.


And I just look up 40 years later and I retire broke because I put nothing in my 401k 'cause it's all gone out in payments every month. All the money comes in, all the money goes out. Then you have to retire and say, gosh, I hope the government, which is well known for its ability to handle money, will take care of me. And now we're tearing social security, which even according to the socialists that put it in place, called it a supplement. Right? Not the a retirement plan. It's not a retirement plan. It's not designed to, I mean, if you try to retire on social security, you're eating apo. I mean, it's rough. And so you retire broke, you have a higher likelihood of divorce. Hypertension goes up, anxiety goes up.


So there's medical bills go up as a result because it's, it's a constant stress in your life over a long period of time. And, and so we've had people, of course, over the 30 years of doing what we're doing, they often say, wow, when I got out of debt, I paid off my car. When I got rid of MasterCard, when I got rid of the student loan that had been around so long, I thought, I thought it was a pet. When I, you know, even when I had a, this week I had a lady, 34 years old, paid off her house and zero debt 34 years old and 600,000 already in her 401k at 34 years old. I said, so how does that feel? She says, I feel like I sat down 300 pounds. And I walked away from it.


She said, there's this release physically. She said, my shoulders feel different. And, and so you cannot completely go, this is only a math thing because it's integrated into our lives. That's right. And, you know, and, and so yeah, we're starting to see now the implications of it, you know, on a society as a whole, you know, medical bills, again, divorce rate. And it's not the only sole cause of all those things, of course. But it's certainly a contributor. And, and sometimes it works in reverse. Sometimes the medical causes the problem, the the financial problem, right? So sometimes it's the other way. Sometimes the marriage situation causes the financial problem.


So there's not all correlation and causation directly. But, but there's enough interaction with that, that there's no reason to say, I'm gonna live my whole life hopeless working in a job. I hate just to pay the truck payment because somebody, somebody at a stoplight might go thumbs up. They like my truck. You know? And it's, I'm trying to impress other people that I don't even know with money I don't have. And it, it's, it's a sickening thing. It really is. It's consumerism gone amuck. But the good news is, people can decide we're gonna change And. they turn the corner and man, it's beautiful when they do.


Th there are a lot of impediments to doing that. So one thing that you hear when you start lecturing people about credit cards, as I'll confess I have, is well you have to have a credit card. 'cause you have to build a credit rating. If You don't have a credit card, you don't get a credit rating. And you, and for some reason you need a credit card rating. I'm sure you've heard this. No, never. of course. Yeah. Fair. Isaac designed the FICO score. The FICO score. There's a mathematical algorithm by which your FI ICO score, your credit score is derived 100% of the inputs to build your credit score, have to do with debt, the type of debt, your ratio of debt, whether or not you're paying your debt on time, which is what we all think of when we think of a credit score.


It's 100% interaction with debt. Your FICO score has nothing to do with your financial wellbeing. Nothing. It has nothing to do with your net worth. So You can inherit a million dollars tomorrow from your rich uncle that died and your credit score doesn't change. One point, your boss can walk in and say, I'm gonna give you a million dollar a year raise on your income. Your FICO does not change. One point, it has 100% to do with borrowing money. And so the whole premise of the thing is almost humorous when you look at it. So I need a FI ICO score.


So I'm going to go get a credit card, take out a car loan. I'm 18 years old so I can build up my FICO score. Why do I need A-F-I-C-O score? Because that's the score they use to decide to loan me money. So I need A-F-I-C-O score so that I can get into debt. So I wanna get into debt so that I can get A-F-I-C-O score so that I can get into debt so that I can raise my FCO score so that I can get into debt so that I can raise my FICO score so that I can get into debt so that I can keep my FICO score up by paying my debt and getting into more debt. Because if you quit paying on your, all your accounts, they take 'em all to zero, you pay 'em all off, and you close 100% of your accounts within six to nine months, your FICO score will be zero.


So I've not had A-F-I-C-O score in 38 years. Mine's indeterminable, which means I'm probably not even real. Probably not. You're a specter. A ghost. I mean, you'd think, you would think. And, and you know, and I own several hundred million dollars worth of real estate. You know, so here's what's asinine about this whole thing. I can go down to the local apartment complex in our little town of Franklin, Tennessee that's managed by a 26-year-old who has a boss in Atlanta, Georgia. Right? Who's telling them how to, how to lease an apartment And. they won't lease an apartment to me because I don't have A-F-I-C-O score. Now, I can write a check and buy the apartment complex, but I can't rent an apartment there.


See, that shows you how inep this measure of wealth is or of financial wellbeing. And it is a dog chasing its tail. Why am I going into debt so I can get A-F-I-C-O score? Why I, so you're looking at it because I think you're a more decent person than I am as silly and not an accurate measurement. I'm looking at it as a very sinister system intentionally created to enslave people with debt. That's what it looks like to me. It is. No, you're you're right. It's just the ridiculous logic that we, the people have fallen for that allowed them to do that. Well. So here's a non potentially non ridiculous concern that I have heard as I've been lecturing.


Some people may or may not be my children on this question, oh, because I hate credit cards. But they say, well, if I don't have a good credit rating, I won't be able to take a home loan out to buy a house. And I'm not really sure how you get to a place where You can buy a house in cash at 30. Well, it has been done and, and we've got lots of stories where it has been done. But aside from that, again, just bad information, the truth is You can get a home mortgage with a zero credit score. George Campbell, one of our Ramsey personalities, he and his wife bought a very, very nice home not long ago and got a small mortgage on it.


They paid it off in about nine months, good for them. But he went and got a mortgage with a zero credit score. It's called manual underwriting. So when I got my real estate license in 1978, if you sold a house in those days, there was no FICO score. If you sold a house in those days, you went to the mortgage company or the savings and loan that was still open in those days. And you took the client over there and the client filled out several pieces of paper, A VOD that were, they gave permission for the bank to verify the deposits, verification of the deposit. Do you have money in your bank for a down payment? You had to prove it a VOE verification of employment. They send it to your employer.


Employer sent it back, said You have a job, you make this much money. So you have your down payment, you make this much money a a verification of payments. So you'd send that to the landlord. And the landlord where they were renting would say, yes, Joe pays his rent. So now Joe can get, and so it was called underwriting a mortgage. They actually looked at the human beings and said, are these human beings, is it good for them to have a mortgage? And are they going to be able to pay it And? They did math and research on the people. And it took about 45 days to get a mortgage from those days. You know, it took a while. 'cause they had, this was all snail mail, you know, back and forth. But they, that's called underwriting a mortgage. Nowadays You can do manual underwriting much faster than that.


But all they're doing is checking the person, all these different elements of the personhood and see if the person is gonna be able to pay the stinking mortgage. It's that simple. So that's how George and many, many, many, many other Ramsey followers over the years, tens of thousands of them have gotten a mortgage with a zero credit score. So you just go to the bank and say, I'd like to take a loan. Well, you have to go to a li a mortgage lender that actually knows how to do a manual underwriting. 'cause a lot of 'em don't. And again, they're, too many of them are lazy because are the rates different? Nope. Nope. Exactly the same. Exactly the same. Oh, and exactly the same down payment requirement. Exactly the same. Everything. It's just more work for the mortgage company.


'cause basically the FIO score is a monkey can make this loan. They can look at the number and identify, woo, big number loan done just like that. Check it's over. It it, that's the whole thing. And that's how you get a housing crisis in 2008 is they were approving these loans based exclusively on FICO, not actually looking at the human beings. And in some cases they were fraudulently putting up fi ICO and fraudulently putting values on it and so forth. We get a housing. Wait, so You can game your credit score, the FICO score? No, I'm saying those people were putting down false credit scores in that case. Oh. Or they're walking in, I've got a high credit score, but nobody mentions, I just lost my job. Nobody mentions I bought five houses four weeks ago that, that are not yet showing up in all of this data.


Right. And, and 'cause they're just handing this money out like it's candy. If you've got the number, it's all about the number. Ooh, have you got the number? No, you don't. It's, it's that a monkey can run this business. That's good Monkey sounds. These are, these are good. Yeah. So very good. And you spent time around monkeys, obviously. Yeah. You and I were having way too much fun last night. I'm just saying. So the, here's the other, so that's fascinating. I didn't know that Thank you, the second concern would be that if you're not carrying debt on your house, you're penalized by the tax code because You can write off the interest on, on your loan. Yeah.


And so when I went to pay off my mortgage, which was the very first thing I did when I made any money at all, I was criticized strongly by a friend of mine who's knowledgeable on financial matters, who's gotten way richer than I'll ever be. Mm. And he said, that's idiotic. Why would you do that? You've got a low rate and the government is paying you to have that mortgage. Not true. Not true. It's true for a such a small percentage of the population. So here's the thing. The only person who can write off the interest on their home mortgage is someone who itemizes their deductions, particularly under Trump. And they're still in place. Biden has not undone them.


The standard deduction on a 10 40 is so stinking high now that 92% of Americans do not itemize. Hmm. Your charitable deductions are not of zero value if you don't itemize your interest. Deductions are of zero value on your tax return if you do not itemize. And so only 8% of Americans does this apply to. Okay. Which could be you, you could, you know, you've got a complicated businesses. You probably are itemizing, you're probably not doing a standard 10 40 easy. Because you're, you've got deductions in excess of the standard deductions, which would make you want to do the itemization. Me too, by the way. And so now let's go to that case for the, for the 8%, we got rid of 92%.


But let's go ahead and go with the eight. So let's say that you pay, I'll make up a number, $10,000 in interest in a year. You give $10,000 to the bank in interest. If you are in a 30% tax bracket, you take a $10,000 tax deduction, that means you don't pay taxes on $10,000 of your income. Follow me? Yes. So, if you didn't have that deduction, you'd have to pay taxes on $10,000 more. So taxes on $10,000 would be $3,200 if you're in a 32% tax bracket.


Right. So what your friend is suggesting is that it's a good idea to send the bank $10,000 to keep from sending the government 3,200. Once again doesn't make sense. Cultural mythology. So there is no downside in your view, to paying off your mortgage? No, none whatsoever. And here's the thing, it feels different. Well that's why I did, I did it anyway. Because you walk through your backyards with no shoes on. The grass is different, man. I mean, we have a fauci pandemic. They're not taking my house. Yeah. That's how I feel. It's a whole different thing. It's a, it's a liberty issue. It's a freedom issue.


It's a math issue. It's a spiritual issue. The borrower is slave to the lender. It's tough to serve two masters. Jesus said, I don't have two masters. I don't know anybody. It's a completely different setting. The number of times my wife and I have a discussion about a house payment, it's precisely zero. 'cause we haven't had one in 30 plus years. You know, I mean, this is nuts. Well, I agree with that a hundred percent. It's just so counter-cultural. It is. I remember reading, but the culture's broke. Let's keep this in mind. Well, and and also the the people are profiting from this are absolutely in charge. I I've always thought of you as the least controversial, most mainstream, wholesome person ever. And I remember reading a piece on The Daily Beast just, just attacking you.


And I was like, why? Why Attack Dave Ramsey. He's not even explicitly political or not, you know what I mean? Like, oh, I get it, I get it. I I don't get it quite as hot as you get it. But I get it. But it's interesting. And that's clearly at the behest of people who are profiting from this, this system of financial enslavement. They're mad. Yeah. And sometimes it's just you're, if you put a message out there that makes someone feel like what they're doing is dumb, it's convicting and that makes that person rise up and come after us. It's not even like Visa wrote 'em a check or something to come after Dave. It's just like Dave said that your whole life that you're living and believe is stupid. And instead of actually looking at that, they get pissed off.


How big is, what percentage of our economy is money lending? I, I'm not sure, but huge. Sure. It's, it's easily one fifth. Yeah. Energy healthcare, real estate, real estate, money lending. I mean that's, it's gotta be there. That's the big ones, right? Yeah. Tech Now Tech. Yep. But I mean, there's about six buckets that probably make up the vast majority of our economy.


So every year when Apple releases the overpriced new iPhone, the big carriers play the same old game. Sign up now, next two years, some big cellular contract. Get a free iPhone. Well, what do you give up in return? A lot. Don't fall for it this time. Choose Pure talk. With Pure Talk. You get great savings on the new iPhone 16 and you still get an affordable data plan that fits your needs on America's Most Dependable 5G network. Stop falling into the same trap and paying for unlimited data that you're probably not going to use. Pay for what you use with Pure Talk for just 25 bucks a month, you get unlimited talk tax and five gigs of data. That's more than enough for most people. It's not enough for You can buy more, but it probably is. So why pay for something you're not going to use with Pure Talk. You don't have to. It's proudly veteran led and its entire customer service team is right here in the United States, the country that you live in. So everyone can understand each other pretty well and they're responsive. No contract, no cancellation fees, 30 day money back guarantee. Pure Talk is easy to switch to. The average family saves almost a thousand bucks a year when they switch, try it. Go to pure talk.com/tucker and you'll save an additional 50% off your very first month. That's pure talk.com/tucker. Switch your cell service to a company You can be proud to do business with.


So what happened? Okay, so just back to the example of the person who makes 80 grand a year and has got $37,000 in credit card debt at over 20% interest. How does that person get out of that? Like what happens to that person? You said it puts enormous stress on the marriage, on the body every part of your life. But how do You can you get out of that much debt if you're, oh they, we have people pay off hundreds of thousands of dollars of debt every week. They come on the show doing what we call a debt-free scream. Wonderful, wonderful stories. There's like 2000 of 'em posted on a YouTube channel of people doing debt-free screams over and over and over and over again. And what they did, we ask 'em, what'd you do? What'd you do? How'd you do it when we told you to get on? And first thing they do is they get on a budget.


You know, they lay out a plan. 'cause if you were taking over a company and the company was in trouble, you'd come in and look at their financials and you'd go, okay, what's going on? What's going on here? Why is this thing failing? Why is it, why did I buy it at a, at a nickel on the dollar? Yeah. What's going on here? And and so you'd immediately start doing a simple analysis. And really, here's the interesting thing. You don't have to be a math genius. As a matter of fact, sometimes the people that aren't math geniuses do a lot better at this stuff. 'cause they just sit down And. they look and go, I had one old country boy, he, he came into one of our small group discussions in Financial Peace University one night and he said, well we discovered why we ain't got no retirement. We've been eating it. You know, he had $1,240 a month average on restaurants.


And he couldn't figure out why he couldn't fund his kid college fund and couldn't figure out why he had no retirement and couldn't figure out why he couldn't get out of debt. 'cause they're living in a stinking restaurant. And, they had no money and they're spending money they don't have. And oh, got an $800 car payment on a truck. And I'm like, God man, how much is your house payment? $700. Dude, if your truck payment's bigger than your house payment, you might be a redneck. I mean, seriously. So we get, you know, we've had a lot of fun discussions with people. But basically what we're saying, what we tell 'em is, you know, on a written plan, the two of you together, husband and wife have to be committed to this. And then you go on scorched earth, no eating out, no going out, no vacations.


Take six extra jobs, sell so much stuff, the kids think they're next and let's start, let's get this thing moving in the right sell so much. The kids think they're next. I said, don't put, I said put the cat on Craigslist and the dog on eBay one morning on national television. PETA started picket picketing me the next day. So, 'cause they don't have a sense of humor. I was joke, but the, I love my dog. I'm not putting it on eBay, but the, anyway, we, so yeah, you just change the numbers because usually they have enough money coming in to turn the corner. Usually maybe they gotta sell the truck to get rid of the $800 payment and get you a 4,000 truck. And maybe you're running Uber or delivering pizzas or mowing grass or the number of people that have college, four year college degrees that have elected to become maids or open a commercial cleaning service and clean toilets.


'cause the money is really good for a short period of time to get their mess cleaned up so that they never have a payment again the rest of their lives. People will fight to be free if they believe they can, hope deferred makes the heart sick. But when desire comes, it is the tree of life. You know? So when you believe people will change, they'll chase the gates of hell with a, where is that quote from Proverbs. Can you say that again? Hope deferred makes the heart sick. Hopelessness. But when desire comes, it is the tree of life. When you believe, then you'll change the gate. You're charged the gates of hell with a water pistol. You'll, you, you don't care Suddenly what your broke friends are laughing at you for driving a hoopty because I'm getting out of debt.


'cause I'm gonna change my family tree 'cause my kids are not gonna have to live the way I live because I'm gonna pay a price to win. When you get that thing going, oh yeah, that, oh I've mojo, I've had it going. You get the tunnel vision and you and your wife, you and your husband are both doing that. You work and, and I don't, the thing is, you don't have to drive a junk car the rest of your life. You don't have to work an extra job the rest of your life. It's 18 to 24 months and most of these people are out everything but their house. And so it's a period of time and you're not gonna die from hard work Right before you die from hard work you pass out. It's okay. You're not gonna die from hard work. It's a short period of time. It's a sprint. I don't want people to live their whole lives like that. But instead they're living their whole lives just kind of in this malaise stuck.


And so we're, our whole thing is to shake 'em and say, You can do this and show 'em and give 'em hope and make 'em believe they can do it. And the neat thing is, is we've proven it millions of times now. So you don't think if I'm deep in credit card debt, it's not a good idea to get a couple more credit cards than you chose to pay off the first one. Yeah. Get out. The way we get out of a hole is we dig out the bottom. I know you've seen that though a lot. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. The debt con solidation programs. So what about, okay, so what about that? So people who are deep in credit card debt, you're moving your debt to a lower interest rate, but interest rate wasn't your problem. Overspending was your problem. And not living on a plan. 'cause no one plans to be stupid.


No one plans to be broke to where they can't breathe or their chest is tight where there's a tear in their eye on Friday. 'cause they know after I worked all week, this check's already gone. Yeah. No one planned. That's not a plan. Some that you fall backward into that you don't walk into that with knowledge. But when you start running a plan, it turn, it changes everything. It turns the corner. And, and so people can do this stuff. I'm, you know, again, we've seen it so many millions and millions of times now, but there are all these services that advertise to people who are in hopeless credit card debt. We will consolidate your debt. But what happens when they do that? You move your, I'm sorry I got off track.


You, you move your debt over here and you don't change your habits of spending more than you make. And so the debt grows back. And so the people that do the, the people that do lending, there's two types of debt consolidation. There's these services you see on cable tv. Right? And that's not lending. All they're due there is tell people not to pay their credit cards for six months and they'll take over all these defaulted accounts and negotiate them for pennies on the dollar and try to walk you out that way. In the meanwhile, destroying your credit worse than if you filed a bankruptcy. So that's a complete freaking con, but the, you say it really? Oh, it's, it's nasty. It's a nasty business. And the one that why, what's bad about it?


Well, because every, they're current on their credit cards, they could have paid their debts off and instead their method of becoming debt free is quit paying payments, destroy your reputation, your credit. Okay. Don't as if you file bankruptcy. Right. And then after your credit are, credit cards are six months behind. Credit card companies will take 25, 30 cents on the dollar for that. And so these companies will go in and go, okay, we'll pay you payments at 25 or 30 cents on the dollar And. they set up a new payment on the reduced amount and knock it out and well one third the time. Right. And so, and it, it's, I mean to me, if someone has the ability to pay their payment, they should pay their payment.


It's a moral thing to me. An ethical thing. I don't like that they got into debt. I don't like that they got duped by an industry that's out to slit their throat. I don't like any of that. But you signed up for this. You're like a grownup, like student loans. So You can, you need to pay it and we can show you how to pay the whole stinking thing. If You can pay the current payments, I can get you out of debt. I don't have to destroy your reputation and put you in the deadbeat category, so to speak, in order to do that. The other kind of bar, the other kind of consolidation loan is an actual loan where a bank will loan, say a second mortgage or a home equity loan and you know, we'll take all the credit cards, 20, $37,000 worth of them, make it a second mortgage on the home. And now I have a lower interest rate on the total 37,000, pay off all the credit cards with that loan.


And now we're gonna pay that second mortgage down and it's a lower interest rate. So hypothetically, you would think you would get out of interest, out of debt faster that way. But you don't change your habits. You just moved the debt, kept the habits. So we keep going out to eat, we keep going vacation. Right. No, I get it. I get it. But just back two clicks to something you said. And I admire your integrity on the question of repaying loans that you signed up for. I, I get that. On the other hand, if You can, if You can, but on the other hand, another way to look at it would be if someone's addicted to drugs and it's a voluntary thing. I'm buying fentanyl every week or every day. On the other hand, the person who's selling me fentanyl is also a criminal. You know? And so I've often thought if I, you know, if ever were to retire, maybe I would start a political movement, a new party in the country where the whole purpose is to bring the banks to their knees and shut them down.


Or just, you encourage everyone who's deep in debt just stop payment. Like how about a hundred million people stop paying their car loans, their mortgages and their credit cards? And then in the same way that Donald Trump once said, if you take a big enough loan from the bank, it's their problem. It's their problem. You're kind of in charge of the bank at that point. I would think it'd be kind of cool to do a crush the bank's political party where you just, all of a sudden everyone stops payment at once and then, you know, then you sit down with Jamie Diamond and renegotiate. Yeah. What about that? I kind of like that. Well, there's other implications to that. I'm sure. Look, I know nothing, but I'm acting out of hostility in my head.


I appreciate it. But I mean it's, I I, again, I would rather punish them incrementally. Yep. And just let the demand for their horrible product dry up over time. Yep. And let that be reflected a little bit of time in their stock price instead of one morning in their stock price. One morning in the stock price. All the banks are broke. Feels a lot like 2008. And that's a pretty chaotic, a lot of downstream effects. Pretty, pretty, pretty chaotic situation for the world. No, I think it's, if all the banks go, go belly up in day one, I, I don't, I don't mind the idea that they become less profitable over the next 20. No, I get it. This is why you're a responsible person. And I'm not.


But it did. It is. It's why I'm not in politics. It's this revenge. No, I think you're taking the long view, which is you don't wanna wreck your country. Yeah. Just because there are some bad actors who live within its borders. I completely agree. And Thank you for being sensible. I'm not sensible, I'm just mad. But just one more question on this dark little thought experiment that would bring the banks to their knees. Like day one, right? Oh yeah. Yeah. Well that'd be kind of fun, wouldn't it? Yeah. It'd be fun if you did it for 20 minutes just to get their attention and reset the American mindset that now that might be cool. I think I'm gonna do this. If you did it, if you did it one month for, for two months, we don't pay payments now that would not destroy the world economy.


But never we're gonna pay them again. And you get 50% of the public to do that. Yeah. You could screw up the whole world economy with that one, but No, I don't wanna do that one. But the but if but for two months. Yeah. Again, though it's a little bit like student loan forgiveness, you know, student loans. There's no question that our federal government and the banking industry has duped now the third generation into going deeply in debt. No question about it. And their parents stood by and signed the note. I agree. I agree. And these quote, young adults who are old enough to do whatever else they can do, they can, they can sign a contract legally in any state in America to do anything else.


We, we call them adults, whether they emotionally are or not, we can argue. But they signed up for this. I had a student loan, I signed up for it. It was not a little small one was No. And back when dinosaurs roamed the earth. But, but the, how much was your student loan? $3,500 actually. Yeah. 3,522 when I paid it off. Yeah. Wow. Was it worth it? No. No. The only reason I did it is I could not figure out any other way. 'cause no one ever, and even in those days, and that was so long ago. I mean, this was, what, 40 years ago, 45 years ago. It's, it was a different mindset then even that, that these things are dangerous.


And now it's like, well, you're not allowed to be a student without a student loan. It's now, it's, it's completely come the other way to where you're some kind of like paying off your mortgage or some kind of moron. If You don't take out a student loan, of course you have to take out a student. It's assumed. And the, again, we've shifted the cultural belief system to where parents don't tell a kid, Hey, maybe you should go to the local college that we can pay cash for instead of going across the state line. And the family goes $125,000 in debt. So you get a degree in sociology. So You can make 38,000 as a caseworker with the state. This is not good. ROI maybe the parents need to step up.


Well, it's nuts. But I don't understand in the whole debate over student loans why the beneficiaries of these loans, which are not, the students are never discussed. They have no skin in the game whatsoever. This whole system exists to benefit colleges and universities. There's no question And, they exist not to benefit students, but to sustain these massive payrolls of administrators, DEI people, a lot of dumb people. And then the professors, most of whom are totally evil. Yeah. And no one ever suggested they should pay some of the cost of this. I don't disagree with that at all. Like, so how does that work? Here's the thing, I I, I resent as a taxpayer that a politician says I should pay for the forgiveness of students. How about Middlebury College?


Would these, I'd be fine if they did it. I'd be fine if the, you know, the, the endowments that are billions and billions and billions of dollars, but they already pay high taxes on those endowments. Oh, you're killing me. Oh wait, they don't pay any taxes. Right. So Duke University, which is totally filthy, and it's actually colleges like that are one of the reasons our country's falling apart. Where do you think all these ideas come from? Anti-human, anti civilizational, anti-American, they're all coming from those campuses and they're not paying any taxes at all. Right. We are subsidizing them. And then when their scam gets exposed, we have to clean it up. Yeah. We the, so like how does that work? So when a politician says, I'm gonna forgive student loans, you know, I, I have sympathy and empathy both for the student loan borrower that's in up over their head because they're, they got duped and they're an adult And.


They signed up for it. Yeah. And so the same thing's true of our bank discussion. I get it. You signed up for that car payment. You know, I walked in there one time and in my twenties and impulsed a car, you know. Well that, you know, impulse a car that's just know. Is that a verb now? That's what, that's what, that's what you call going deeply in debt for a car you can't afford. Just 'cause I wanted it Right then. The smell of toxic plastic coming off a new car makes me rich. Corinthian leather. Yes. Yes. What kind of car was that? Oh man. I've done so many dumb things. The biggest one I did that was stupid was I bought a Jaguar. A Jaguar in my, in my twenties. Yeah. 'cause I was making money. I was in the real estate business and I thought I was hot stuff and I needed to prove it by what I drove. How that's a vehicle my mother had when growing up.


And you had to take it in And. they had to I think lift the engine Yep. Out to change the oil. Yep. I mean the whole thing was, and it broke every week. It was, it was, yeah. It was a less, it was a life lesson. Was it a cool, was it a cool car though? It was a great car. It was a beautiful car. Yeah. But, and I really thought I was hot stuff. And it was, but see what was broken there. Was it the car industry? Was it the bank? No, Dave. Dave was an arrogant little twerp who wanted to show somebody that he was somebody because of what he drove. How shallow is that? You know? But that's Dave and Dave and Dave signed up for that. And that car took my freaking head off.


Really? What happened? Well, it was part of the bankruptcy when we lost everything in our twenties. That car was still sitting there in the middle of that mess. I Were you married? Oh yeah. Barely. Yeah. Yeah. We got married the second child Rachel was born the year we filed bankruptcy. And so, so with a brand new baby and a toddler and a marriage hanging on by a thread, we got the opportunity to start over because Doof was here, signed up for so much debt and it took my, took me down the car, was the minor part of it, but yeah. How much debt did you have? We had $4 million worth of real estate by the time I was 26 starting from nothing. And $3 million worth of debt on it. So we were 70 or 70% leverage, 80% leverage.


That's not a an unusual ratio though. No, it's not. It was, a lot of it was short term notes. We were doing flip this house before Chip and Joanna were born. And so there was no cable TV to show you how we were just buying and selling real estate. And you know, I had 1,000,002 and 90 day notes. And I, if I got rid of a house, if a house came up to the end of the 90 days and hadn't sold, we just paid the interest on it. The banker renewed it. 'cause I was always making money on 'em. I was good at it. But then the bank got sold to another bank and they called our notes because they looked down and said, 26-year-old owes us 1,000,002 on short term notes, on house flipping, whatever that is. And so then, yeah, the second largest lender heard we were in trouble.


They called another 800. So we had less than six months to come up with 2 million bucks. And it was all in real estate. I had no cash. It was all in real estate. And that started the crash. That took two and a half years completely to unfold. And then what did you say to your wife? I mean, I had dinner with her last night. You seemed to have a really happy marriage. That's my, that was my observation. So obviously it worked. This was 30 years ago. This is 1988. So yeah, we did not have a happy marriage then. No, she would've left, but she didn't have a car. I'm looking at her right now. She's, she's nodding. Yeah, we were, but I mean, we were just scared little kids with little babies and you know, we were just trying to, the water got cut off at the house, the lights got cut off at the house, you know, and we, we were just struggling.


So when these people, oh, so this was not a clean or pretty bankruptcy? No, this was not a, this was not a politically correct bankruptcy. This was a, this was a freaking disaster because again, I'm old school. I grew up hillbilly and you pay your bills. Yeah. And so we were paying everything as best we could. And we did everything. We sold everything in sight. We sold a bunch of the real estate. We almost turned the corner, but we didn't make it. And we got sued so many times. It was unbelievable. And. they were all correct suits. I mean, there were lawsuits because I didn't pay the bill. It was defaulted stuff. So we finally hit bottom and what a And you had two little kids. Yeah. And we were so scared, man. So people call me on the air. I can still hear that instantly in their voice.


Yeah. I can hear. I, I start looking at the numbers and I go, you're really scared, aren't you? And they start crying. They're terrified, you know? And so, yeah, it's the worst thing that ever happened to me. The. best thing that ever happened to me. I met God on the way up. I got to know him on the way down. Yeah, well that's, that's right. Yeah. So we started, decided we're gonna handle money Grandma's way and biblical what the Bible says. And it's all just common sense and live on less than you make. Live on a plan, get out of debt. And we started doing it and people said, what are you doing? This is, y'all look different. And so we started teaching a few people here, And there.


And all of a sudden, you know, here we are 43 years later and sitting on this, this thing that has happened


when we started this show, we were looking for a very specific sponsor. We wanted to find a company that could send us good meat better than anything you could buy in a grocery store that didn't have a lot of weird hormones in it or chemicals. Just good meat from the United States. And we found one and we are proud to partner with them. They're called Merryweather Farms And. they produce all natural beef. And we are proud to be in business with them. We eat it. Our viewers have been buying it and loving it. We've got all kinds of positive reviews. Again, this is a sponsor we're proud to have. So Merriweather Farms out with a new product in addition to the steaks that we have almost Every night here. And the burgers all shipped directly to your house. They have a new line of snacks, including single serve beef sticks, one of which is right here on the table. Unlike Star Ball bought alternatives, which You can buy at convenience stores, these are made in the United States in Wyoming at their facility. And they're free of nitrates. MSG, mystery meat. Other weird stuff you don't want in your mouth. Like all the products that Merriweather Farms makes, they are made fresh, they've got simple ingredients, all of which You can pronounce and recognize. And they're delicious and good for you. If you use our special promo code, TCN 10 at checkout, they're about a buck 50 a piece. It's a perfect on-the-Go Protein boost if you need one or if you've got kids or sports want something to keep in your car or truck, super easy and good for you, check out Meriweather Farms today. You will taste the difference. It's again, better than anything You can buy at the grocery store. And it comes right to your house. Go to meriweather farms.com/tucker and use the promo code TCN 10 for a discount. That's Merriweather Farms. M-E-R-I-W-E-T-H-E-R farms.com/tucker.


So how did you, how did you do it? I mean, can you just gimme the Cliff notes version of, because that sounds like a, a true disaster. What it get out of that? I mean you, we filed bankruptcy, we lost everything. I mean, and we just, first thing we did was just start, I mean I started doing real estate deals, but I didn't have any money and I would just pitch 'em to one of my buddies and make a spread. And so I'd tie up a property at, I don't know, let's make up a number, a hundred thousand dollars that was worth 200,000. And then I would sell him, sell one of my buddies that used to be my competitor, selling him that deal for 15 grand. And I'd make a spread on it. And so he could go buy a hundred and pay 115,000, including me for a $200,000 property.


'cause I was buying foreclosures and then I was one, so we know how to do real estate deals. And so had a real estate license my whole life just about, so we just started doing that. I got back up in 1989 to six figures again. And so, well that was fast. Yeah. Just dug back. It was, income came up, but it, you know, we're still, there was no arrogance left. I bet That's right. And very little confidence. And, and we just had a yellow pad and Every night we would look at the yellow pad and go, okay, for foods first feed the babies first. Water and lights is second and house payments third and gas in the car is forth.


And we really do need to get her a better car. We need to get her a better car. We gotta start saving for that. Oh, the heat, the light, the air conditioner went out today. Oh good. And so we just start pecking down that list, pecking down that list, pecking down that list every dead gun month. And then the list got nicer and nicer and nicer. And now on the list there was a cruise and then on the list there was a better car. And then on the list there was, we weren't worried about food anymore. And we just kept pushing our way through it and then started teaching. People wrote a little book, how long did it take to go from the world is falling apart Bankruptcy to thinking, okay, now I've got it under control. Hmm.


Under control is a, a weird thing for me, but away from terror. Yeah. Two years. Wow. Where we weren't terrified and you know, we weren't worried about food or lights or water and that kind of stuff. That's what I mean by terror. And then, but then to start to say, you know, to heal from that experience, probably never have completely, I don't trust a God doesn't walk with a limp. And so I, I agree with that. Most of most of us have had something and that something formed who we are. Amen. And so, yeah. Did you talk every step through with your wife after it crashed? Yeah, that's what I mean. Yeah. But prior to the crash, she, I mean we've owned real estate.


She didn't even know what, of course. Well it was, I wasn't hiding it from her, but she I get it. No, no, no. I think most, I mean she had little kids too. I mean she had two little kids. She's managing babies and I'm managing real estate. And of course if I had asked her, she would've said, whatever you wanna do, honey, that would've been exactly, she's doing her job, you're doing yours. You know, you do whatever you wanna do. And then later on she goes, I had a bad feeling about that. You know? Well I bet you did. You know, but Yeah. But yeah, but that was now today. And that from that point forward, one of the things that we teach couples and that we've used, and I'm convinced it's one of the reasons where, where we are on the success metric is Proverbs 31 says, who can find a virtuous wife for her worth as far above rubies, one of the greatest, greatest sections of the whole Bible.


Her husband safely trusts her and he will have no lack of gain. It's wealth building principle to listen to your wife. That's, thats the last, that's the last proverb. I think that's, that's the end of the book. It's exactly 31 of 'em. You can do one a day like a vitamin and the, but yeah, she, and so, you know, she's got a home ec degree. She's been a full-time mom for 39 years and now full-time Grandma and Mimi. And so, but she has wisdom and as she says common sense. And by the way, common sense is so rare in America.


It's like having a superpower. I agree. So we don't make large charitable contributions. We don't make big real estate decisions, big estate planning decisions, big huge decisions at the office, at the company without Sharon. And she looks it over and 99% of the time she says, yeah, that makes sense, let's do it. And sometimes she goes, you know, I've got a bad feeling about that. And we always joke, 'cause she's from the hills of East Tennessee and say, feeling is a seven syllable word. A bad feeling. But yeah. But if she has a bad feeling, if I go against it, it's a minimum $10,000 penalty from God. So something bad's gonna happen.


I don't go against that feeling. So that's a change that you made after bankruptcy and the council couples to make as well, which is make decision decisions. Don't, don't come home and say, honey, look what I did when you bought a bass boat. Yeah. That's just, that's really smart. No, I agree with you. Yeah. And that's worked. It's huge. Oh, what, guess what? It also works in your marriage. It's called communication. And when you agree on your spending, you've agreed on your dreams, your fears, because all your money flows towards your dreams and your fears. You've agreed on your plan when you, you have to agree on whose parents we're gonna eat Thanksgiving dinner with to agree on your spending. 'cause you're gonna have to buy gas to go over there and you're gonna figure out if you're gonna get a hotel or you gonna stay in their basement that week.


I mean it, Thanksgiving planning, here we go. Get ready. So, you know, when you agree on your money with your spouse, it's massive for your marriage. It'll heal a broken marriage because you start communicating about everything that's real immediately. Do you sense that that is a problem for people? Oh, definitely. Definitely. So how does it, in a, in the marriages that you see people you talk to about their marriages and their money, how does it normally go? What's, what are the unhealthy patterns that people get in? Well, first I, I'll tell you, I didn't know this when I started. I thought I was telling 'em how to do it, what a mutual fund was. Right. So they could put it in their 401k.


Exactly. And here's how you get out of debt and here's how you do a budget. I thought I was teaching 'em about money And. they would come to Financial Peace University, our class, and then the class was over. They would go, Hey, you saved our marriage. And I'm like, the sex class was down the hall, man. I'm not, I'm not, I'm not, I don't have anything to do with that. No, you made us work together. 'cause I'm just so practical utilitarian that like I forced them to do a budget together and it forced them to deal with all their crap in their marriage. And so yeah. What are some of the breakdowns? It's a lot of different things, but some, sometimes the worst cases that we see, the most heartbreaking ones are where one spouse is sup is is knighted.


The the money person. Yes. So you're to pay the bills and then things get outta control. And, they go into debt trying to keep the lifestyle the way it is and don't bother to tell the other spouse And so that this other spouse, when they finally do get in the loop, you know, there's a hundred thousand dollars in credit card debt laying there to support a life that we could not afford. And and so you've got deception now and shame. Yes. And condemnation and all these other things mixed in that are really nasty. And then sometimes I get the neighborhood, I grew up in a blue collar neighborhood. It's not unusual in those neighborhoods for the wife to handle the money and the guy just goes to work and brings home the bacon.


Yes. And, and too often relationally in those situations, what ends up happening is the guy who's working and bringing home the money in that scenario, it's a classic 1950s almost scenario. Right. Every every electrician I've ever met has his wife do the billing. There you go. of course. Same thing. What what happens too often in, in that is he's ends up having to ask his wife for money. Like she's his mommy. And this maternal thing ends up happening this really weird in their marriage where he becomes increasingly adolescent and doesn't ever grow up and make grown up decisions with good decision making paradigms.


Instead he just says, well my wife, my mommy, mommy said I couldn't go out tonight 'cause we don't have any money and I seem like as much as I work we'd have some money. And then you get that routine and he's, he just died. I've seen that dig times. Yeah, me too. And so I'm, I'm always yelling at those guys because they're my guys. I mean that's, that's a, that's who I grew up with. And I'm just ing Hey man, be a man. You're not a little boy. Your wife does not wanna be married to her baby. She wants to be married to a man and quit being his mommy. Quit being his mommy and taking care of his little self. My God. You two sit down like two dadgum, two dadgum adults and look at this thing and go, we're stupid and we need to stop being stupid.


You know, look at this. We bought you a truck you can't afford. We've got a $600 bass boat payment. 'cause you couldn't catch a fish with the other one. You're killing me here. And this is, this is America. This is who we, and it's me too. I was the same guy. So I got a PhD in D-U-M-B-I-I did it worse than all these people put together. Think about it. So I, I know what stupid looks like 'cause I looked at him in the mirror for a long time. So, but yeah, you gotta get on the same page and you both have to be grownups. And you know, the opposite of that, the, the, I guess the, the inverse of that is the, the sweet little wife who the husband is domineering and takes care of everything and she has no idea what's going on. Which was really in a sense where Sharon was when we went broke, she was just doing her thing over there and assumed I had a brain, which was a bad assumption.


So, you know, it, it's, and then here's horrible situation with that one that could go on for 40 years and never really have a problem. And he dies and she is a, an infant in terms of her ability to even write a check. She has no idea where their investments are. She has no idea how to pay a light bill. In some cases. I've met him, she's not even pumped her own gas into her car. He's always done that. And, and she's left in this infantile state emotionally. And then her grown kids are having to come along and we're having to train 52-year-old mom how to be like a grownup woman now because she's been a kept woman.


You know, that saying, you know, and in that sense, and that's not good for her. That's not good for her. She needs to grow up and it's, and he's not doing her a favor by taking care of the little woman, you know, or whatever bull crap is going on in their emotions there. So these two thoroughbred horses in the marriage that both step up lock into the same harness at the same speed, both with their different giftings, but both with the level of responsibility. These are the people that build quality families, quality legacies, and build wealth almost every time. It's incredible to watch. So you're saying that the relationship with your spouse is, is a key part of your investment strategy basically.


Oh, our data says that when we did the largest study a millionaires ever done, 10,167 of them, we found 84% of them say that they, the, that one of the keys to their building wealth was a spouse that worked with them And. they did it together in unity. Dragging a princess for 40 years and still becoming a millionaire is very mathematically difficult. Dragging a little boy with a bass boat that's in a stuck in a 37-year-old body into wealth is very difficult. And again, I'm not against bass boats, I got three boats. Okay. So we're not, boats are not the thing, I'm just picked on that metaphor for some reason today.


But, but you know that yes, yes. To answer your question, couples that can work together. And sometimes when we find that you ask how we get that $37,000, couple, 30,000 thousand dollars debt out of debt, maybe what we're doing is teaching them to work together for the first time in their 12 year marriage or there's 18 year marriage. And, and sometimes we're forcing them to work on these relational things, which we didn't even understand, you know, when we first started doing this. But it's such a key part of it that working together and, well, I'm gonna be independent, we need separate everything. Well then why the flip did you get married? That's just the worst marriage ever. It's a joint venture. It's not even a real marriage.


I agree with that. And like all is, how common is that for married couples to have separate accounts? Very really. Very, and we get hate mail by suggesting that that's dumb. Yeah. Hate mail. Lots of it. Lots of negatives in the comments sections. Yeah. Big time. So you did this enormous study of, of people who've been successful, what are the key qualities apart from a a functional communicative marriage? You know, we focused more on what the, the tactical money things that they did were, okay, so where, what kind of wealth do you have and what are your components of your net worth? And that kind of thing.


Not necessarily what their character qualities were. What we did find is that they're almost always the tortoise. They're never the hare. They're slow and steady. They oftentimes pick a mutual, a series of mutual funds for their 401k almost never changed them. And the mutual funds sometimes most of the time are less than The best. They're like in the top 70% of mutual funds maybe, but not The best ones. But they still, so picking the exact perfect fund turns out not to be the secret sauce. The secret sauce is doing the investment every single month for 30 years, or actually 17 years was the average tea at the first million.


But the, so just doing that and then, and the steadiness with their, the frugality, they, the number of 'em, when I talk to them on the air, when they have a one to a $5 million net worth, we do a millionaire theme, hour And, they call in and tell us about their lives in that case. And the, the number of 'em that drive a Toyota is like staggering. We need Toyota like as a sponsor on the Ramsey show because it's, it's why Toyota? Yeah. I don't know. Because the vehicles up a tundra, you know, a 2-year-old tundra, a 4-year-old Highlander, a minivan. And it's like, that's the, the car of choice. I don't get a few Hyundais every now and then, but, but Toyota is the vehicle of choice for self paying billionaires. That and F1 fifties.


Yeah. It's What about Silverados? Don't hear as much on that. I just don't, but nothing, I'm not against Silverados. I'm kind of a Chevy guy, but that's just what I'm seeing. So yeah, that we're seeing some of that kind of thing. But most of them, it, it's a fairly simple thing that it's kind of boring actually. Like, but the numbers were staggeringly complete statistically. So it's like in the 80 percentile on most of these numbers. And it kind of blew our minds that it was that extreme that that like 80% of 'em worked together with their spouse. Okay? 80% of them steadily invest for a period of time. 80% of 'em had to bought a new car in 10 years.


80, a brand new car because the loss in value, 80% of them And, they in the 80% to 84, 82, 89, 80 9% of millionaires eight, nine out 10 in America are not millionaires because of an inheritance. Now that's one you hear from the leftist group is the, the wealthy quality garbage that you hear out there that were stuck in America. There's no opportunity in America. But 79% inherited precisely zero 5% inherited enough or inherited a large amount after they were already millionaires. Like they had 1,000,002 net worth And, they got 200,000 from mom after that she died. Or they got 5,000 bucks from grandmother and it was not mathematically anything that impacted them becoming a millionaire.


And so eight 80 or 79, 5 and five is 89. So we've got nine out of 10 are not millionaires because of inherited money. So that's just complete hogwash. And this study, Tucker is, we knew we'd get criticism on it from the lefties and the Antifa and all that stuff and some of the press even, you know, well I don't know, I've always heard, well I don't give a crap what you've always heard. Here's data. Okay, so our research methodology on this is freaking airtight. Matter of fact, we had an outside firm look over our shoulders. So we didn't do confirmation buys and because we knew if anybody really dug into the white paper on the thing, if we had just screwed around and gathered up a bunch of people that did what I said to do because it's not all Dave tribe is 70% not, did not know who I am.


And so these are people that went out And. they just, you know, they're 42, 46 years old, 51 years old and that's the template. And they've got a paid four house that's six or $700,000 and they've got six or 800 grand in their 401k and Roth IRAs. And that's pretty well their first 1.7 or 1.8. Now you don't get to 50 million or a hundred million doing that. You're not a billionaire and a billionaire's a thousand million. That's a different formula and and much fewer of those out there. But I'm talking about can Joe and Susie retire with dignity, leave an inheritance, change their family tree, not have to count on the government for support, not have to pray that they can vote a savior into the White House.


'cause they can't fix their own life. Can they exist and live the American dream? Get up, leave the cave, kill something, drag it home and make it you dead gum. Right? They can, we proved it with data And. they And they, it's exciting. Keep their finances commingled. Absolutely. A hundred percent. Why don't people do that? You said earlier that you see a lot of people who don't, who have separate accounts modeling from the last generation for one thing their mom and dad didn't. 'cause they don't trust each other obviously. And it, you know, if they've been divorced and remarried, then the, the scars of the other one, they, you know, you're superimposing upon your new spouse, the idiocy of your last one. As one guy said, my starter wife, you know, messed this thing up.


I'm like your starter wife. Okay, that was your first one. Okay. And, but I mean that, that, that thing is, and, and you know, it probably has something to do with this idea of misogynism or this idea that of equal rights that women need to be able, Hey man, I'm, we have equal rights. Sharon gets the same vote I get. Yep. And 100% of the income since our first child was born in nine and she's 39 has come into the house because of me. Sharon doesn't earn an income. Hasn't not because we're jerks, it's just what we choose to do in our life. But, but I don't have an income. We have an income.


Yes. Here are the pronouns. And so Sharon has as much right and much vote as much say and as, so there's no misogyny here. It's quite the opposite. It's an equal vote. And you know, if we can't come to an agreement, we don't do it. Which sometimes pisses one of us off. but we need to be in agreement. We need to be in unity because there is safety in that unity. There's wisdom in that. And, and you know, if you wanna be independent and not have anyone ever tell you anything that you should do wrong, then please don't get married. It doesn't go well.


'cause I mean it's immediately there's gonna be friction the first day on that basis or you complete me or some kind of bull crap like that. It's not, you better get in that marriage to serve the other person and that together we're gonna serve the next generation and beyond that the next generation and we are gonna serve the community and let's get in this idea where there's some meaning to life rather than this. What can I get out of it? You better get in that marriage to serve the other person. I love that it works. Are married people more likely to be in better financial shape? Yes. Yes. There's all kinds of research and data called the Marriage Advantage.


And it started with that. The husbands in the sixties or seventies the first time we started seeing this, this type of research pop up. It's not true today because it's not exactly how the socioeconomic fabric is today. But if you take 1965 or 1970, husband goes off to work with a little briefcase wife stays at home with two kids with born in June Cleaver, right? Whatever. Then that guy had an advantage in the marketplace and ended up with a better career path, higher income and higher likelihood of building wealth than his single person peer did. And it really was because of support from home is what it amounted to in those days.


It was, he didn't have to worry about cooking, he didn't have to worry about kids. I mean, he didn't have to. And she, the fact that he felt the responsibility back to them drove him to further things rather than, you know, what's my responsibility? I need more beer on Friday night. I don't have anything to come back home to, to, to to that I need to be better for. And so being better for the family drove the man in those days. Today we're still seeing the marriage advantage, but of course we don't live in a society that has that very often. The vast majority of couples today, both at work or have worked at some time, the vast majority of couples today are on a, on a more equal playing field.


And then in terms of in the career space, we see a lot of times nowadays where the ladies outperforming the man income-wise in the marketplace. Not unusual at all and perfectly cool with that. But still we end up with that couple having a marriage advantage. And I think it's got to do, my friend Simon Sinek wrote a book called The Infinite Game. And the thesis of the book is that when you play a game with a set of rules and there's an end to the game, you, you move the pieces around, you make the decisions in the game to get to that end. When you are playing a game that there's not an end to two that is gonna go beyond your life, then you're playing long ball, you're making decisions that are long term based rather than short term.


Example of that in the marketplace would be the publicly traded company who lays off a bunch of people just to make quarterly stock numbers a short term thinking You can artificially run the profitability of a company up by laying off half your payroll, you know, having a big layoff and you didn't need to lay 'em off, but you needed the, you needed to make your numbers for the stock market. Right? And so, but a company that's not doing something like that long ball is they'll take a deep breath and, and kind of go through a hard period of time and keep their high ta quality talent because you're gonna need your high talent in the long ball game. You know you're gonna need 'em five years from now, 10 years from now.


But if you're only thinking about one quarter at a time, you make different decisions than if you're thinking about 10 years, 20 years, 30 years out. Privately held companies make different decisions for that reason in the handling and the strategy of their businesses. Same thing's true in our personal lives. So what ends up happening is, is the guy, the couples that are married, have a, are playing long ball, they're playing an infinite game. They're saying, I wanna change my family tree. They're looking at a baby being born by the way, that's an impotence probably number one thing that is that we've run into that causes people stop the stupidity, get off this like crazy cycle and say, we're gonna get outta debt, we're gonna get on a budget, we're not going in a restaurant. We're gonna do whatever it takes to get free.


We're gonna change everything. We're suddenly gonna grow up and quit spending money we don't have is when they have their first child. Oh absolutely. That first child comes in the world. It's like dead gum. This is an adult thing now I'm not a baby anymore and I quit. I gotta quit acting like one. And your emotional calling to nobility goes way up. What are the main thing you've, you've made a couple ref reference to restaurant spending. Is that one of the big It is. Okay. And I'm not against restaurants. I love good food. Oh, me too. My my one of my favorite sports is fine dining, you know, so definitely. But, but, but you know, 80% of what you spend in a restaurant is entertainment. You can make the same meal at home for 20 cents on the dollar. Yeah.


And so it's not, it's, it is not necessary for nutrition. It, it is entertainment and You don't go buy Broadway play tickets for 400 bucks a piece when you're broke. You know, you stay home and play cards so you don't do entertainment when you're broke. That's expensive and entertainment. And that's what eating out is. And Americans have moved again partly because both of 'em in the workplace, they both get home, they're tired, they don't feel like cooking. You know, they don't feel like getting out the dadgum frying pan and doing something. But You can start eating from home, by the way. It's healthier in general to eat from home. And, and when you start looking at it, it will open your eyes.


What you're spending on out to eat, what you're spending on your car, payment out to eat and, and on vacations when you're broke is those three things are, are what we find in a budget that we can change immediately. And, they can, it helps 'em, it helps the math to make that turn real fast. It's car payments, eating out and vacations. And vacations. So you address eating out. Let's get to vacations. How much people spend on vacations? I don't, I don't have numbers memorized, but I mean, it's your impression that that's a big spend. Oh, we know it is. I mean it's a, it's the, it's again, the $80,000 family.


What a trip to Disney costs for four days is, you know, what a trip to the beach for five days costs and rent an Airbnb. And you know, I you grew up different than I did, but I I was never on an airplane until I was 15 years old. Air travel was not normal in my generation. No. For middle class and lower middle class people, air travel for almost every American is normal now. It's very normal for people to jump onto an airplane and it costs a lot of money to buy an airline ticket to, we're gonna fly to New York, we're gonna fly to Disney, we're gonna fly to the beach, we're gonna fly to Cancun or Cozumel or Cabo and, which is great.


I don't mind, I'm not against doing those nice things. I do them, but you live like no one else. So that later You can live and give like no one else. And so you look up and you go, we're dropping, we make 80 grand, we're dropping 7, 8, 9, 10 grand a year on a vacation and then stuck with credit card debt. And then we can't figure out whoa. Oh Christmas, ah, it surprised us. It's in December this year. Caught me off guard. And so dad come, what are we gonna do now? Well we gotta put that on a credit card because we just used up what little money we had in the savings to go on a beach vacation during fall break. And, and it just, and there's this sense of waking up then in January after the holidays with a financial hangover.


And the average American is paying on Christmas until May. And so, but because they're not, they didn't have any, there's no Christmas club savings account at any local bank anymore. Hardly. I mean, but 1% of Americans don't have a Christmas Club account. Some people do save for Christmas, thank God. But what's a Christmas club account? It it was a, it was a thing again, fifties and sixties. It was a big deal and it's just kind of deteriorated with some of the good banking practices. But the idea was in January you would open an account, a savings account that had Christmas written on the outside of, it's called the Christmas Club. And you put enough in there one 12th. So when December got here, you had the money to pay cash for your Christmas and you'd take your little money down there, put your cash in at each payday and like a layaway remember a layaway.


Yeah. Yeah. It's the same kind of concepts except the old, old ideas that have now died in a new digital world. And it's not, it's okay that they've died, but the the idea behind them, I'm gonna save up and pay for it. Well that's gen genius car payments, that's a huge expense for people. Largest item we buy that goes down in value And, they go down in value like a rock. That's where Chevy gets that. They, they lose 70% of their value in the first four years. So you're gonna lose $21,000 in four years on a $30,000 car purchase.


You need to be making some money to lose $21,000. Oh wait a minute. We're gonna pay payments for the opportunity to lose $21,000 in value and pay extra interest in payments on that too. Oh, and there's insurance on that too. So what we have figured out is that I, and I, it is horrible for me 'cause I'm a, I'm a car guy. I love cars and man driving junk cars for me, when we were broke was the hardest. And we already established that the jaguar, when I was thought I was rich and I was, what happened to the Jaguar by the way? It got sold two days before they repoed it. I got it sold. So it didn't get repoed, just barely.


But you know, and I, well obviously we had to write a check to get rid of it 'cause we were upside down in it. But the, so if you'll drive like no one else later, You can drive like no one else. If you build some wealth, then You can afford to lose money on cars. But a hundred percent of us that have anything with a motor in it or wheels, it goes down in value. Like I said, I talked, I said earlier, I've got boats, they go down in value, I've got cars. They go down in value. And that's in and of itself not evil, but when it is a large percentage of your income or your net worth that's going down in value, then of course you're gonna be broke your whole life.


So. if you, if your entire investment strategy is $30,000 cars, instead of putting $30,000 in a 401k, you're going the wrong way. Or instead of saving up the money and getting the house, you're going the wrong way. A house is going up in value. 401k is going up in value. Makes you a millionaire, like we said earlier. But no one buys cars to become a millionaire. Quite the opposite. So our rule of thumb is don't buy vehicles, everything you own that has motors, put it together and it should be less than half your annual income. And if it is, then you've got plenty of room. It's not gonna destroy your net worth. But I talk to people making 80,000 that are driving 70,000 worth of cars.


Oh yeah, that's common. And and then they go one more day we're so stressed out and I'm like, man, you know my, you're not gonna do what I say probably, but if you do what I say, I'm gonna set you free. Let me help you with this. Here's your really good idea. Sell two cars and the silence on the other end of the phone is deafening. Well, if you sell your cars, how do you drive? Well you get two, $2,000 cars with the payments from one month of not having $80,000 cars. Right. You got make 80 grand, you got 70,000 worth of cars. Oh my God. There's no chance to just drive beaters for a short period of time. Yeah. Drive like no one else. So later You can drive like no one else. So after the Jaguar, we, we had no car and a friend of mine helped me.


I think he helped me a lot of ways probably he loaned me his 1978 Cadillac that had 478,000 miles on it. And it had the predominant color was Bondo. Oh yeah. And the vinyl roof across the top was broken. So when you drove, it filled up with air. So it looked like a parachute, a bondo buggy with a parachute on top. So I went from Jaguar to Bondo buggy. I went from arrogant to humiliated. Not just humble but humiliated. I mean, cops would follow me and that car, right. You know, what are you doing in this in a town? And so you stop at the stoplight and the the top would settle, you know, it's like going down the, and, but you know what, I drove that car what felt like 10 years, one three month period and I saved up enough to buy a 2000 car in three months.


'cause I wanted out of that thing. I gave it, gave that blessing back to my friend. Right. I said, Thank you Thank you very much. And got a 2000 car. And then I saved up and got a 5,000 car. What kind of car was it? The 2000? Do you remember? It was some kind of like Chevy Impala. Yeah. It was ugly. Oh yeah. But it was reliable and a lot nicer than the Bondo buggy. It was, I mean, the difference in a $2,000 car and a $400 car is dramatic. Yes it is. And the difference in a 2000 and a 6,000 car is dramatic. The difference in a 6,000, a $16,000 car is hardly discernible. That's a good point. And a 20,000 car and a 40,000 car, 90% of the people can't pick it without looking it up on the internet.


How rich do you have to be to buy new cars? We tell folks to have a million dollar net worth if you're gonna buy brand new because you take such a hit in the first 12 months. I don't, I don't, I don't buy new cars ever. I do, but I've got the money. So I'm not ashamed of that. But I don't, I wouldn't tell people to do that again. Until you've got at least a $1 million net worth. Don't buy a new car unless you have a million dollar net worth. Buy a 1-year-old and let somebody else take the butt whipping on the depreciation. And again, the millionaires we're talking to, they're driving 3-year-old, 4-year-old Toyota still. I kind of tell 'em, Hey, you need to upgrade. 'cause I oftentimes find one driving a 93 Camry and Dr you know, still And. they 1,000,006.


And I'm like, dude, pay your wife a car. Come on. That's, that's awful. You're not proving anything at that point. What about leasing cars? Leasing's a method of financing on a car. And so a lease payment is basically a car payment and which is wiser. It's so confusing. The leasing lease is the most expensive way to operate a vehicle. Oh, it's okay. Borrowing money at the bank is the, is is better. Actually paying cash obviously is the only thing you should do ever. You should, I'll ride a bicycle for a car payment. Again, knowing what I know now with the data that I've got and the life I've lived, there's no way. And, and I'm a car guy man.


I like a muffler. I'm a redneck, I like a muffler running, you know, or I can hear it. I love something fast, but I'm still, I'll ride a bicycle for, I have a car payment. So a car fleece we call 'em is basically the, the math on it is you've got the MSRP, the manufacturer sticker price, right? And that's what the lease is based on. And you've got a monthly payment that where you're renting the car, you're leasing the car at the end of a closed end lease, which 98% of the leases in Nu America are closed end leases. There's a buyout number. You can buy the car if you don't turn it in for that number. So you pay payments and the buyout number and the buyout number might be $9,000 and you paid 30,000 for the car, whatever, something like that.


And you, you know, you got a five year lease, so you're paying payments for five years and then you got a buyout number. So it's much like the payoff on a car if you paid it off early. And so You can buy that car for 9,800 bucks in our example here. And if you run it in a financial calculator, you put it in your back end and you say, okay, my current value is the, of, of the car is the one number, the series of payments is the other number, and the end number is $9,800. We can ascertain that the average car lease in America is a 14.2% interest rate, and it's not technically an interest rate. And it's not disclosed by truth and lending laws because it's not borrowing money.


So you don't get the little sheet when you, that says your a PR is, that's mandatory by the federal government. If you buy something that has an interest rate on it, they have to give you that sheet truth and lending, but you're not borrowing money. So you never know the cost of capital is what it's called in lease. But it's a math formula that works exactly like interest. So you're borrowing money at 14% interest when you lease a car on average as compared to eight. Oh wow. In today's world, it's almost double. Yeah. Yeah. It's a high, it's a subprime rank, but it's a lower payment, less down. And the car companies make more money on it, so they push it like crazy. The number one car, the number one most profitable square footage on the car dealer's lot is the finance office.


They make a lot more money on the sale of that contract leasing contract back to Ford Motor. They give 'em a right, they write 'em a check back to Toyota Credit, back to Chrysler Credit, whatever. They give 'em a check back to that dealer. And, they make more money on the spread on that contract than they do on the actual spread of the, on the inventory item of the car. So cars are an excuse to sell financing, Which is so sick. Wow. You You can see why a normal person maybe with less knowledge than you could see this all as like a vast conspiracy to enslave us all with debt. No, it is. I mean it's everybody just doing The best they can at their business. And, they figured out.


But I mean, Victoria's Secret figured out that they weren't in the underwear business. In order to keep your job at the underwear store, you have to have, you have to issue so many Victoria's Secret credit cards a month if you're the little girl selling underwear at the underwear store. Seriously? Yeah. They fire 'em. 'cause they're not, they're not in the underwear business. They're in the credit card business. Sears. But when it was open, made more money. You can get strong on credit cards. That would be you better or your little wait, your little waitress, your little attendant there is not gonna get to keep her job. The Sears in the old days made more money on credit than they did on anything else. of course, they're broke. They had discover card later And, they sold it off for a profit and then they still went broke.


But should have stayed in the credit card business. Yeah, they should have. Okay. Can we, can we zoom out a little bit? Let's go wherever you wanna go from, from the personal to to the, to the national. To the macro. Yeah, to the macro. So our national debt, is it as big a problem as our, the personal debt that we carry? It's a different problem. Yeah. It's harder to, for me anyway, it, it's harder to grasp exactly what to do with it. It's harder to figure out where, where there's an end game.


I have pledged for some reason in my space, Tucker, there's always a guy. It's typically a guy, not a lady. 'cause ladies don't, for some reason don't make this mistake. But in the financial world, people that are in the financial world, when they get old And, they write books, they almost always take a negative that the end of the world is coming. So I've read 10 or 15 books that the end of the world is coming due to the national debt. Peter Grace, the Grace Commission studying the national debt under Ronald Reagan wrote a book called Bankruptcy 1984, that in 1984 the government was gonna go so far in debt that the government, that they were gonna bankrupt themselves, it was gonna hockey stick. And he makes a legitimate case with math that the world is gonna come to an end as we know it economically in 1984.


Any smart happen. Yeah. And there's a whole bunch of others that are noted, smart people. But it's just something about the genre that I'm in that people go negative when they get old And. they always write the end of the World book. And I promised I'm not gonna, I promised I'm not gonna do it. So no matter how old I get, I'm not gonna fall for that. Instead I'm gonna write the optimism book. But the, so the answer to your question is I do not understand why it is not having more of a negative impact than it is in my mind. 'cause you know, I hate that. Obviously I've made a whole, we've had a whole discussion around this subject today, but the, I don't understand how we've gotten so far.


We're such a large percentage of our budget now is just to maintain the interest. The trillions upon trillions And, there seems to be no end to the appetite for both parties to just choke us to death on overspending. The deficit is, I mean, people don't even understand what deficit means in the real world out here. It, it means that's how much you've overspent that year only. It's not how much in debt you are, it's how much more debt you took on that year because you're still as stupid as you were the year before. You know, it's like God, it's out of control. So the the ability for somebody to be a statesman on one side of the aisle or the other, to actually look at the American people and say, no, we're not gonna do this.


We're gonna reign this spending in it's beyond me. So that I, that's, that's a political capital. I don't see anybody even talking about no intelligently. It's, it's a dirty little secret and And. there are, but there are people smarter than me that think it's okay. My, I've got a good friend in Nashville that's a world class economist named Art Laffer. And he helped President Trump with his tax code that he wrote, which was a great tax code. And he was famous under Reagan for the Laffer Curve. For the Laffer Curve, that as you decrease tax rates, revenues rise. Revenues rise because you stimulate the economy.


And it's a, it's no longer a theory, it's a proven fact. Super lefties don't like it 'cause they, it's associated with Reagan. But if you just look at the actual data, it actually happens under the same theory. Clinton almost balanced the budget. He, he lowered tax rates and it was the closest we've come to not having a deficit in, in modern times it was Bill Clinton because revenues went way up under Clinton. The economy was booming and, and people were paying taxes like crazy as a result with a lower tax rate. So Art says, he and I argue about this at dinner not long ago. 'cause I'm like, art, I don't understand, you're gonna have to help me 'cause I'm a hillbilly and you're like a Cambridge PhD.


Okay, so you're gonna have to teach me why is this not a problem? He goes, it's not a problem. It's not a problem. I know, but that's not the answer. It's like, right. I'm saying why? And you say, 'cause I said so. It's not tology. So yeah, you're gonna have to really talk down to me a little bit. Yeah. And teach me. And, and he tried to explain it and I'm still, bless his heart. He's, he's just so smart. I can't, I couldn't get there. I do not understand why it's not a problem. But he really believes it's not, and I got, I really like him and he's really smarter than I am. And so I'm, maybe it's not, I don't know. And I'm not gonna write the end of the World book anyway. So I, I do know that it represents from a person like me, a person of faith perspective, this lack of personal discipline, this inability to deny self in order to have a greater gain to say no to something today.


So I can say yes to my grandchildren's generation, that lack of nobility, this, this just avarice and greed. That's just every dollar just ev and everybody just milking the American public with these, with their spending. That to me, that's just, it's just sick repulsive. It, it's, it's repulsive. It it is. And so to me it's a spiritual disease. It's, it, it, it's, it's a, it's an indicator of where we the people are. 'cause we could stop it. We, the people could stop it. We just vote some different people in. If somebody stood up and said, no, but no one wants your congressman or your senator to say no to something you care about.


I mean, I mean my grand, you're gonna cut my grandmother, you're gonna kill my grandmother, you know? No, we're not. But the word no in an entitled culture is so evil word. So why are other people responsible for your grandmother? Yeah, she's your grandmother. Yeah, but she's on the program and Right. You cut the program, she's gonna die. Which is not, she's not, it's all hyperbole. But you know, if, if, but I mean what vex saying, you know, you know, turn the bowl over and dump out the alphabet soup up there. Start closing a bunch of these 464 agencies that we have, you know what payroll is, number one thing on any business, p and l, any government p and l number one item, largest item when you go down the list of expenses, of course is always payroll.


And you got alphabet soup up there. So that means we've been open 200 and something years and we've averaged two agencies a year. And in the first a hundred years we had no agencies. So that means we've averaged four agencies a year being formed and they've never closed one yet. So alphabet this, alphabet that up there. And those people can spend some stinking money, man. They make the rest of us look like geniuses. I know. And yet they blame us for everything. Oh yeah. So what, okay, so we are a couple weeks out from the presidential election. How do you expect, and please go in order, Kamala Harris first Donald Trump. Second, how do you expect the economy to change? If one is elected or the other is elected common Harris is elected.


What changes? Well, as a friend of mine says, it's hard to say without knowing, but the, that's never stopped me. Dave, Ramsey, MZ, the, again, this is worth what you folks out there listening are paying for, which is nothing. So, and I'm an expert on my opinion, but the economics, I am sure. And I'm a student of economics. I've got a degree in finance. And so I've spent my time on that. I've spent my whole life on the subject micro primarily.


But macro is implied. But economics for sure, we see it in the stock market. We see it in the stuff after the pandemic with supply chain. We see it with oil mo energy movement, that kind of thing. Is, is as much psychology as it is mathematics because it's about expectations and self-fulfilling prophecies. So in other words, if I believe as a small business guy and 54% of the gross domestic product is small business produced. Okay? So people that 500 or fewer employees are making the decisions on over half of the economy. And so this heating and air guy or a guy that's got a financial planning services business or a, a lady that owns a chiropractor office, okay, are they going to invest some of their profits in growing their business, open a rent a little larger space and hire another person to work on their team?


They have to believe in order to do that. So it is self-fulfilling prophecy. If they think things are bad, then they take actions that make them bad. 'cause they don't invest, they don't hire the next person and instead they pile that cash in the bank account 'cause they're looking over their shoulder like, like death is coming over the corner right around the corner. And so when people don't believe under any president that things are gonna be good, they take actions to make it worse. When they do believe, then they create actions that make the person look like they caused something in the White House. And really the small business guy's the one that caused something to happen. When I was interviewing President Trump the other day, I said, you know, when you politicians and so you've been a businessman, president Trump and a politician.


And when you people say, I created jobs as a politician, it pisses those of us that actually create jobs off. 'cause You don't create any jobs. All you do is create an environment where we'll go create jobs. I'll hire people at Ramsey if you gimme more of my tax money back Art Laffer. Right. And I'll hire more people at Ramsey and, and grow what we do if I think I'm safe, if I'm in a predictable environment. That's right. And that's what scares me about Vice President Harris is I I don't think there is a solid program. Even if I didn't agree with the program, I can't tell what it is. Right. And so as a businessman, you want clarity.


Her ambiguity is more scary than my disagreement with her policy. Smart. No, I think And you think that's true for most business? Oh, I guarantee you. It is. It's if if but if, if you're a com, if you're a solid Democrat and you believe in the Democratic Party, okay? And that's your thing, which you're probably not listening to this podcast, but if you, if you are, you know, at least, at least then you would believe that the, let try to find one in the past that was proactive Kennedy. Okay. of course Kennedy's economic policies are more Republican than, than our Democrat, today's world. But find a Democrat that you disagree, that you agree with.


And even if their policies are something I wouldn't go along with, I wouldn't do that if I was in, but at least I know what it is. I know what the rules of the game are and I can tell, then I'll be more likely to invest. But when you take away my sure footing, even if it, even if it's treacherous footing, the ambiguity causes the economy to, to slow down. And that's what we're sitting in right now. The lack of leadership outta the White House today. As sad as it is and, and as many things, you know, we can joke about it and we shouldn't, but it's easy to do. We can, we can do. But the just the, the sheer silence and the frozen like a deer in the headlights for the last what at a minimum 14 months, 15 months has frozen the freaking economy.


It's just sitting and looking at us. And so that's what scares me more than anything else. Even if you disagree with Trump, at least by God, you know what he's gonna do for sure. Drill, baby drill lower taxes, blow up the thing he's gonna, I'm not in agreement with President Trump on, personally, I didn't discuss this with him, but I, I think the tariffs thing he's overdoing. I think the tariffs are gonna cause some inflation. I agree with some of the economists that have come out against conservative economists come out saying, don't do that, but he's gonna tariff up. 'cause he's all about the behavior thing. I think it's a bad idea, but at least you know, you know, if I'm buying goods out of Vietnam right now and my business, my cost of goods sold as a businessman, if I'm buying golds out of Thailand right now, I'm doing some production there.


I'm not. But if you are, are you buying stuff out of India right now? You better get ready if Donald Trump's in office for your cost of goods sold to go up. And we know that. But that's a predictable environment. Even if it's a har, even if it's gonna harm my personal little business over here, at least I know it. And still now I at least know what the rules of the game are. And I can act and You can still stimulate the economy on ideas you don't agree with because they're predictable. The lack of ambiguity ambiguity's what kills the economy. I understand that. So it's called lack of leadership. Now that's what the White House can actually do. The White House cannot create the economy. They can create an environment where the economy grows, but they cannot create an economy.


They do not have that power. So don't vote for somebody because Donald Trump's gonna make you rich. He's not Kamala Harris is gonna make you rich. They're not the laughable thing. When Obama was elected these people, now where's my free car? You know? 'cause these people went completely nuts thinking Obama was gonna actually hand out candy from the White House. And that entitlement stuff is whacked. But from a business perspective, a businessman's business woman's perspective, you know, the, the advantage Trump has over vice president or President Trump has over Vice President Harris is that he has a, a very clear exacting thing that You can choose to agree with or disagree with.


But it's an, it's an environment You can function in because it's predictable. That'll cause prosperity here. Here's my last question. I was having dinner with someone the other night and your name came up. Actually, I didn't bring it up. This person just brought you up and said thing about Dave Ramsey is no one I have ever seen treats his employees better than he does. And you have a lot of Well, that's nice. I thought it was really nice. It was a memorable compliment. It wasn't just Dave Ramsey's a good guy. It was Dave Ramsey goes way out of his way to treat his employees. Well, and this was unsolicited. He just said that and I didn't forget it. So I think that's true.


I've asked other people and I think it, I've, I've verified that as true. I've, I've reported this out, but it raised the question and bless you for doing that. But what are an employer's obligations to his employees, do you think? Well, I mean, there's legal obligations that are obvious. I meant moral obligations. Yeah. And there's ethical moral, and then there's spiritual. And so our HR manual comes from Jesus's word that just says, treat other people like you'd wanna be treated. And so I've got a, if I've got a guy on my team right now that just had a horrible accident and he's in the hospital and at this moment of this taping, and so, okay, if my little brother worked for Tucker and he had a horrible bike accident and couldn't come to work probably for a month, I mean, he's had surgeries and you know, he's all tore up.


How would you treat, how would I want my little brother to be treated if he worked for you? I would want my daughter to be treated. And so that's the way we look at it. And so it's real simple. Then if we have the money, and lately we have had, in the early days we didn't. But if we have the money and we can take care of somebody that needs to be taken care of, we simply do it. 'cause it's what's I'd want somebody to do for my kid or for me if I was in trouble. And it's caused us to do some pretty wacky things at times. Like what? Well, I mean, like, we had one team member that had cancer, And, they didn't work for two years.


And, they got paid the entire two years and now they're back on our team. And wait, this person recovered? Yeah, she, she made it. And she's wonderful. She's a fabulous person, by the way. And everybody loves her. And there was no way we weren't gonna take care of her while she's going through that. And if she had passed away, we would've helped with the final arrangements because she's been with us 15 years and she's like a sister. So we have to take care of it. That's what we do. The and the greatest now running a business for 30 years, the most fabulous experience I've had is to get to walk along shoulder to shoulder with these warrior poets and fight through the things we've had to fight through to win and to become successful.


And meanwhile got each other's back. It doesn't always work. Sometimes people lie and cheat and say things about you they shouldn't say. And sometimes they make up stories and put them in the press. And that's happened to me. It breaks my heart, but it makes me mad. But we're always gonna be caught. I, I don't, I'm not gonna be on my death bed and look back and go, I wish I had taken care of so and so when I had the means to do it. My life doesn't change too. So I mean, how selfish would it be not to do that? And what the byproduct that ends up happening, and it really wasn't the motivation for it, but the, from a leadership perspective, the byproduct that ends up happening is this fierce loyalty and this fierce desire to come to work and actually work while you're at work.


And And, they take care of each other. So somebody's in the hospital, the number of people that you know on our team will cut their grass or make sure they've got food, the family's got food, the team shows up when a new person comes on board, they've never seen anything like it. Five or six people from that team will show up and help 'em move the stuff outta their U-Haul. And who does that? Well, we do because that's the way we treat each other. And it's other service. And there's just tremendous spiritual, psychological and end up being financial reward because we don't have anywhere near the turnover. Who wants to leave Ramsey? Nobody. We don't. I mean, if somebody leaves because they have a family situation. Like they got one got married the other day, moved, decided they wanted to live with their husband in Oklahoma.


And it's kind, kind of a problem. So, you know, it's a problem. We lost that one. You know, so we have some turnover like that, but we don't have normal turnover like anywhere near anybody else. And, and we're in the types of world with broadcasting. I mean, it's high turnover world. Oh yeah. It's a, it's a gypsy world almost. Yes. And, and I mean, my producer Blake Thompson has been with me almost 30 years and one of my best friends. And so that's, I mean, I get choked up about it. Yeah. But he'd do anything for Dave Ramsey and Sharon Ramsey. I gotta tell you, man, if something happened to me, I gotta, I don't have any worry about somebody taking care of one of my kids, my wife.


Those people will be there. You built an amazing world. Yeah. God's good. Dave Ramsey. Thank you. Thank you brother. Thanks for listening to The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made. The complete library, Tucker Carlson com.