
A B, C Thursdays. Welcome back.


Grey's Anatomy is all new. Why didn't you tell me you were pregnant? The drama going down bungee jumper from the bridge is cord snapped. We need all hands on deck is unbelievable. You think of God's gift to this hospital, you're just Another doctor. My relationship with Catherine A is complicated. I'm gonna Sue you. Your lawyers know where to find me. You Are Unbelievable. Grey's Anatomy, all new Thursdays ten nine Central on a, B, C and stream on Hulu.


One of our plans when we started TCN was to run great long form content documentaries and topics that other people were ignoring. When we have the best so far, it's called Wine in the Sand. And it's by James O'Keefe, one of the last brave and honest journalists in this country. How brave James O'Keefe embedded with the cartels as they moved migrants engaging in human trafficking at the largest scale in modern times from Latin America to the United States. He embedded with the cartels with hidden cameras. And the result is this documentary line, the sandwich, which we are proud to run exclusively on TCM line, the sand. October 10th. Highly recommended.


What's going on everyone? You are so nice to do this. Oh, it's my pleasure. I I asked him backstage, how many nights have you been home in the last month? He's like, I'm home. Oh. And like Lexi called me, it was like, I guess yesterday morning, And, they're like, they weren't sure if Russell or John were able to make it to the show in Fort Lauderdale. And I live a couple hours north of there, there. Can you do it? I'm like, of course I'll do that for Tucker. They're like, well, they're able to make it now, so can you come in as like a fourth person? I'm like, can I have one night with my children? Please. For the love of God. It's been 30 days. So I bow out gracefully. You're the only non-Mormon man I know who has more children than I do. And I say that with envy.


Well, you gotta do what you love. Yeah, man, man, I was listening to your intro. I have five kids. I know how that happens now. So I took up something much less vicious like politics. So where are we? I just touted you as someone who has his finger in the pulse. And I, I happen to know for a fact that that's true. That was not a sales job. Where are we, do you think in this race? Honestly, we're, we're in a place and you know, I'm a guy that, this is my third time around. We're in a place that's better than we've ever been in a comparable position. Wow. You know, and, and, and as you know, I'm, I am the guy that's sort of willing to go into the ground and go into the parts of Forgotten America.


And those are sort of my friends despite where, you know, sort of, I grew up and I, I appreciate and understand the irony of it, but it's sort of the way I was always just brought up and you know, in 16 it was like, you still believe the media narrative. It's like we're supposed to lose. I was like, but we're gonna overperform but we'll probably lose in 20. I was like, man, it's actually significantly better. And just as an, an like in October of 2020, I did 104 like rallies myself. So like, you know, four a day for 30 days like it was. But so you, but you do get a pulse and you see it and it's like, we're gonna do better. And of course we did, but you know. Yeah, I know. Yeah.


This time around, like they Got over a billion votes I think that year. Well the, the real problem is If, they showed up with a billion votes on November 6th. They would tell us it was the freest and most fair election ever. They would present no evidence of that. They would say it. And if you don't believe that you're racist or you're an insurrectionist or some other thing that you're obviously not, they, they can give you something that's statistically impossible and they'll jam it down your throats. And what's really good about this cycle is People get it, they're sick of it, but more importantly, so many are now finally emerging as unafraid to say it.


Right. They, if, if people get unafraid If, they start talking about the realities of it. If, you know, before it was like, oh, you're canceled. You know, notice how, like things that would've gotten you canceled two, three years ago. People are saying out in open, I mean, they're not even canceling you on social media for saying some of these things. They're still censoring the hell out of you. But it, it's just different. So the atmosphere is so good. It feels so strong unlike anything I've experienced so far. Really even compared to 2020. Yeah. By the way, now even compared to like closer to the election. 'cause I mean I, I've been, you know, on the road now for weeks, you know, even in June I was like, wow. I mean peop people have had enough.


They, they're, they're sick of being lied to. They're sick of being told No, no, omics is working for you. And I know it for myself. 'cause listen, I'm, I've been blessed. I know that I don't pretend to be otherwise, but I think I told you the story one time we were hanging out and I was like, I was coming back from a fishing trip with my son. He was 10 and 14 at the time, two like last year. And we went to McDonald's and it was my 10-year-old, my 14-year-old, and me, and it was $48. And I was like, holy crap. Like if Donald Trump Jr has sticker shock folks, Like if I'm like, I dunno, That seems ridiculous. Like it if I am pissed Off, what did you get?


Do you mind if I Ask? You know, I don't even remember. It didn't matter. It was just, it wasn't like excessive. But if I'm sitting there be like, I don't get it, You know, I'm not, and again, I'm not like, you see it on the Sunday shows, you know, some liberal, my three week old baby was recently crying about nuclear proliferation on the Korean Peninsula. Like they're virtue signaling. Like, I'm not pretending it's gonna change my habits or it, I, I'm lucky enough that it doesn't have to, it doesn't affect me, but I know it affects some family that's making $50,000 a year, $60,000 a year if I'm pissed off. They're livid. And, and they've had enough of being told, you just have to accept it. It's gonna be good while we send another 250 billion to Ukraine to fight a war that no one has articulated to me.


Or you, I do this now, you know, I don't, I don't really make any money in politics, but like I, I'm sort of just like, I'm a fighter. I'm like, I'm in the game now. No one's, we must do this. I go, but why? What does victory look like? Well, we don't really know. Well, so is it, does it stop at a trillion dollars, 10 trillion when the interest on our debt is now a trillion dollars a year? Just the interest on the money that we borrow. So we can send Pakistan $25 million to fund transgender programs in their schools. It's like, see what I mean? Everyone knows it. Like everyone is sick of it.


It has to stop. Well, can, Can I ask you a question? So you, you do travel and speak to audiences more than anybody? I more than anybody actually, that I'm aware of. And you always have in Washington where I spent my whole life until recently, I don't think there are four Republicans in the house who've asked the questions about Ukraine than you have. Do you ever meet an audience that is like, no, we really need to keep going funding this war in Ukraine. So I I I, I do this in a lot of the speeches. I'll, I'll do it right here. 'cause I I haven't done it in a while, you know, and I've had two responses. And so let's say over the last year, I've spoken to 50, 60,000 people probably. Right? You know, opening up for DJ TA rally, a group of 300 people here.


That may be 10,000, 5,000. This is 10,000, whatever it is. And I do it, you know, show of hands, raise your hand if Ukraine is a top 10 priority for you in your life. Top 10. And I'll do it. Like if it is, I'll give you the mic. How about a top three? It doesn't exist. I found two people, two people of, now let's call it 65,000 people that I speak to weekly. That was, it was not top three, but it was top ten first guy. Sir, why, why I am from Kiev Ukraine.


I, I was like, okay, fine, I'm I'm gonna give you a pass. And the other was a guy that's like a beltway war monger. I was like, so you're on the board of Raytheon or something like that. He was like, well, no, not exactly. I was like, Northrop Grumman there. He just walks away, you know? And I, and yet I Get the calls, by the way, I'll, I'll, what's nice about me? I I'm not a politician. I'll call up both sides. I Get the calls from Republicans. Hey Don, can you not go so tough on the Ukraine? Because you know, some of that money is getting funneled back to like, you know, a missile maker. And I was like, I'm all about American businesses. Like our family's done that before we got sued to, you know, obl. Like we, we've done this. I get it.


I wanna support American business, not if it's just for abject death, for no reason around the world. Like, I'm not there to support American business in genocide. And like, I talk to these guys, I'm like, you're making trillion dollar decisions. Have you surveyed like your constituents? And they're like, well, no, but, you know, but I'm sure they took six figures from Raytheon. And so therefore, you know, they're on, they're on the team. You know, they should get like sponsorship things. Who's who are, whose payroll are you on? Because it's, it's shocking to me that a guy like me who grew up on the 70th floor of Trump Tower in Manhattan, again, I don't forget that. I don't pretend it didn't happen.


I'm like very self-aware that way. But it's like, how do I know this? And you don't Like you live there. Exactly. You live amongst these people. You literally chose to represent your district. I was there last week and you have no idea what they actually stand for. And it's disgusting That it, that just thank you, thank you for that. So I think that one of the great promises of a second Trump term is that the, the party that nominated him will really change and change in a specific way. It will represent its voters. The Democratic party actually kind of represents its voters.


If you're into child castration, you've got a party. But why wouldn't normal people have a political party that represents them? I, I don't know how it got that way. And again, it's sort of amazing, right? 'cause you would, you would think they'd be able to get voted out. But you know what, there's no one's ever had again, sort of being unafraid, right? They, they can go to their little constituents And, they go speak to a room, you know, other than maybe DJT no one can assemble a room like this in conservative politics or frankly in politics. But they go home And, they speak to a group of five people that shows up And, they tell 'em everything. They want to hear everything. And then they go to DC And, they vote opposite because there's no consequence in DC You can be like 75% Republican.


Hell, You can be 90% Republican. As long as when it actually matters, you fold. It's an easy existence to be a weak Republican in Washington DC you know, you know, the Washington Post isn't gonna do the hit piece on you. Ah, you know, I I'd say they'd get invited to the cool person Christmas party, but we can't say Christmas party in DC right? That cer you know, they can get away with a lot. And so you, you have people that they get away with it. They lie And, they, no, that guy's really, for me, I go, but you, have you looked at his voting record? No, he's just the Republican. It's sort of like why we end up with, why are the weakest Republicans in the most conservative states? Oh, Right. If you look at our, I'm speaking to you Dan Crenshaw.


Well, but you, you go through the list. I mean, whether it's Oklahoma that you, you have senators that are like, I'm like with Republicans like those Utah, you know, with Republicans like MIT Romney who needs Democrats. But in the strong conservative states, the Democrats sort of get together. They do this really well, And. they say, Hey, we're gonna just forget about the Democrat. We're just gonna install the weakest Republican. Half the Republicans don't know the difference. They think that's the guy that's leading. So we'll just vote for him. And you end up with conservative states that have the least conservative leadership in the world. And so, so much of this is really an education process. People have to understand and start paying attention. And again, I think it takes unfortunately, sort of, whether it's addiction or otherwise, sometimes you have to hit rock bottom.


And I think the American populace watching what we've been told has been a great success over the last three and a half years under Joe Biden. That's the rock bottom. We actually needed to get people woken up and engaged in politics. We could have never done something like this Five years ago, 10 years ago, it didn't exist. You got four people in a room. People are fed up. Raise your hand if you're fed up. But I don't, I you may be missing something important. And I'm getting this directly from Ben Stiller, the election of Kamala Harris will be, and I'm quoting now the change we need, By the way, just so we're clear, Kamala Harris has changed a lot.


Unfortunately. It's all been for the worst. What what's, what's amazing about this whole thing, I'm watching the media, she's the candidate of change. I go, she's the vice president. Like she has been there. They want change. Like they, they cut and paste Joe Biden's policies when they finally, after a month of being the nominee, put up her policies, And, they forgot to cover up the source code to say it's the same thing. Like what change is that gonna be like, she's the vice president to the most absentee president in the history of the United States. Beyond, beyond the dementia, Beyond the basics of the dementia.


He spent 40 plus percent of his presidency on vacation. She, if she wanted to do something, she had the opportunity to literally do anything. She could have taken the reins. And by the way, Joe Biden said that the other day, what was it one, the clowns on the view. What? He was like, no, I delegated everything to her. I trust she totally ran with everything. And so the media is like, it's like she has a clean slate. It's like she's never been in politics. She's literally the daughter of a Marxist professor who is a San Francisco liberal who was rated the most radically left person in the United States Senate, left of Bernie Sanders. Because at least I think he kind of believed and at least American jobs, she couldn't care less.


And they're like, no, no, no. Her political, her career started three weeks ago when, when she won, won, you know, one, we use that word loosely and the word, you know, democracy, they throw it around and she got zero votes. But you know, one this position, I'm like, you saw it during the bays. I'm not anti-gun. Like 10 days before mandatory gun buyback program. They wanted, that's part of their platform. Just, she's not for taking part your guns, but like a mandatory program. The key word in this is mandatory seems like you're actually really for taking your guns. Then four days later, she wants to institute an assault weapons ban. You know, the media will tell you whatever you need to hear to get you to vote that way she will tell you anything.


I mean, she's gonna crack down on the border. I mean, she was the border czar. I got fact checked a couple, you know, months ago when she was talking about it, because I was like, she's the border czar. If she wanted to do something about the border, they had the materials there. All the labor was paid for. They just said to the workers that said, take the contract we gave you. It doesn't matter, leave the materials. So we'll sell it for pennies on the dollar. Now she's gonna be tough on the border. Like, like the fact that we still fall for it. We saw it during the Biden administration in the 2020 Democrat debates, who's against fracking, an American energy independence. Everyone's hand went up. You know, a couple months later, the debate debate with my father, I would never do that. It's like, but you raised your hand like three weeks ago that you would do it.


What do you like? You would never do it. And the media, of course, he would never do it because they knew not that it would be the end of the American energy sector. Tens of thousands of good paying jobs for hardworking Americans, energy independence and the national security that comes with it. They knew it would cost them votes in Pennsylvania and Michigan. And, and then on day one, Keystone pipeline, first executive order. They just, they got rid of it all. They'll tell you anything you need to hear. So why would the media, I mean, I, I guess I've been in the media my whole life, but there's a self-respect problem. At a certain point, if you're parroting the dumbest possible talking points that no child would believe, but you're doing it with a straight face. If you're David Muir, who is judging by a abs a great reporter, but why, like, why are they willing to be used as basically prostitutes by a political party?


Again, they're, they're just, they've become part of machine. They're, they're not journalists, they're just propagandists. They're all on that team. There's a reason. What is it? 97% of all political donations from the media go to the Democrat party. You know, they're not the ones that are dealing with the consequences of illegal immigration. The rape, I mean the statistics that came out, what was it yesterday, right? 16,000 rapists led into the country as part of this flow. Like 13,000 murderers. They're reporting on it. That means they know, they knew And. they let them in anyway. I mean, think about the insanity of that. What civilization could survive being like, wow, you know, it's, it's a rapist and a murder, but fine, we're gonna give this one a pass.


I mean, that came out yesterday. Well Not just to pass, But she's the bonar of Free iPhone and airplane tickets and housing vouchers. The sex offenders and the rapists that came over across the border. They don't even have to register on the sex offender registries that Americans could do because we've been made second class citizens in our own country. It's bad enough that they let 'em in. I mean, but then it's like, well, you know, we wouldn't want you to be stigmatized. You're only a rapist in your country. Like, think of how insane that is. Like it's not sustainable. But again, no one's gonna actually report on it. That's why I think you know what you are doing. And like maybe by me, like at least we have like a soapbox and have the balls to actually say this stuff.


'cause we need that.


We've told you before about Hallow. It is a great app that I am proud to say I use. My whole family uses. It's for daily prayer and Christian meditation. And it's transformative as we head into the start of school in the height of election season. You need it. Trust me, we all do. Things are gonna get crazier and crazier and crazier. Sometimes it's hard to imagine even what is coming next. So with everything happening in the world right now, it is essential to ground yourself. This is not some quack cure. This is the oldest and most reliable cure in history. It's prayer ground yourself in prayer and scripture every single day. That is a prerequisite for staying sane and healthy and maybe for doing better. Eternally So, if you're busy on the road headed to kids sports, there is always time to pray and reflect alone or as a family, but it's hard to be organized about it. Building a foundation of prayer is gonna be absolutely critical. As we head into November praying that God's will is done in this country and that peace and healing come to us here in the United States and around the world. Christianity obviously is attacked under attack everywhere. That's not an accident. Why is Christianity the most peaceful of all religions under attack globally? Did you see the opening of the Paralympics? There's a reason because the battle is not temporal. It's taking place in the unseen world. It's a spiritual battle, obviously. So try Hallow, get three months completely free at Hallow. That's Hallow dot com slash tucker. If there's ever a time to get spiritually in tune and ground yourself in prayer, it's now Hallow will help. Personally and strongly and totally sincerely recommended Hallow dot com slash tucker.


Do Sorry for I, you know, you sometimes you just gotta say it. Sometimes there's words that are more effective than others. You know it, I went with Voss, but not everyone speaks Spanish. I get it. Just in case someone is in fluent in Voss. Yeah. If, if, you know, if the campaign loses, if Trump loses does the Republican party, like they can't wait to go back to the party of Cheney and Bush. That's the way it feels to me. A a hundred. I mean, and that's the idea. And again, it's why, it's actually why I'm so glad that stuff like this is happening. The fact that You can do this. When I see, you know, a, a JD on TV and then putting up crowds, like we finally actually have a bench.


That was like, that was why I went so hard for him to be VP because there's so few non puppets in our party. Like, I wanna create a pathway to be like, I don't want just Donald Trump. He's my father. He is great. He is, he's the guy we need at the time. And now. But like, what about in four years after Trump? What about in 15 years? How do we create Amen. Oh yeah. But, and and then I get, you know, the consultants that are like, Don, one day you should run and you shouldn't be saying these Ah, Oh boy, A great compliment.


Thank you. But no, but, but they say it to me like, Hey, you shouldn't be building up that guy 'cause he could be your competition one day. I go, you think I'm doing this for me? Like I, it was much easier being a real estate developer from New York. Like, we could actually make money. We got invited to the cool person party. We didn't like, I I didn't have to do 50 hours of Russia testimony. 'cause apparently like I was an agent of Russia and like, and now I understand I am not the upstanding citizen that Hunter Biden is. I, I I Can, can I just interject? I I am working on getting better, but like, I have a feeling if that was my laptop, it'd be a problem. Well, I don't think I, I'm pretty sure that most people in this room don't understand because you never talk about it.


But I happen to watch it. I mean, they really tried to send you to prison. Yeah, well it was, you know, I knew that. And again, it was one, one of those like, eh, even my lawyers were like, you can't go on TV that night and talk about these things. They'll, everything you say can and will be used against you. They were trying to throw me in jail and I was like, you don't understand. Like, I, I, I'm just not built that way. It doesn't matter. But what what was interesting, after 50 hours of testimony, again, just so we're clear, Adam Schiff, the head of the intelligence committee, and I, I use that word loosely. I was the one that crowned the term Adam Bull Schiff and, or, and or full of Schiff.


But like, they wanna try you for treason. Just so we're clear. That's a crime punishable by death for me these days. That's like an average Tuesday. You, you, you, you get used to it. But, but again, when it, when it, you just, I had to fight and then two years later, these lawyers, these high price guys that are just, you know, they're weak and I, you know, I Get the game, but I was like, I, I can't just win the legal battle. I actually also have to sort of win the pr battle, the public perception because I'm just not gonna roll over. And two years later they're like, you know what? You're right. Like if, if you just curled up in a ball and died, that's exactly what they wanted. That would've just been the start of a much worse, much more if If, they smell that blood in the water. If you're not gonna defend yourself, if you're gonna roll over and be a weakling like they're used to, that's just the beginning.


That's when it gets worse. And, and, and so you see that and like, like I was talking about these Republican, you know, you shouldn't build up a guy like jd. He goes, one day I wanna make millions of dollars being your campaign guy taking pieces. I was like, I I'm not doing this for me. Like I'm doing this for my country. I'm doing this. I wanna leave my children a country they recognize, like it What, what I, I watch the JD thing happen and I'm just, I'm just so grateful, truly grateful for what you did. And I admire the reasons you did it. Well, you were a big part of that too, man. It was, I'm not gonna admit that, but I will say that it happened despite the wishes of, you know, some of the biggest donors in the Republican party.


And I just don't think people who aren't from DC understand how rare that is. Almost nothing happens against the wishes of the biggest donors. That only made it so much more personal. You know, when you, and again, we don't need to go through the names, but it, it's a lot. I was like, oh, that guy's going up now. I'm just going harder now. I I I think I expended about 4000% of my political capital with my father, you know, that month. I may never gain it back. But, but then now I watch JD on the Sunday shows. I watch him get up on there with these hostile communist media and just dismantle them one by one. And every Sunday, every time he's on tv I'm like, I am vindicated. 'cause no one else in our party, you know, but for perhaps you or me would actually, you know, maybe a couple others, but you know, no one that was in in the running would actually have the, the guts to get out there and do that and do it effectively and do it each and every day.


You know? 'cause we're not in a fair fight, right? I mean it like, we gotta, you know, everyone's like, it's our ideas versus their ideas. They go, no, no, no, it's our ideas that are smothered and censored and suppressed and cut off. And it's their ideas that are artificially boosted by a trillion dollar, big tech enterprise by a trillion dollars in mainstream media that is functioning literally as the marketing department of the other side. Like, that's not a fair fight. The fact that like if I was running the Democrats, we'd be winning elections like 99.99 2.001. That's how lopsided it is. Like, but their ideas are so insane. They've gone so far. It's hard to rationalize it.


And I'm a kid that grew up in Manhattan, like I have friends that are like Democrats and liberals and it's like, most of them are like, okay, well we're, we're kind of jumping the shark on some of this stuff. Yeah. And some have just lost their minds. But you see it with the stuff with RFK, I mean like A Kennedy Is now endorsing Donald Trump or the like, And, and not only endorsing Donald Trump, but by endorsing Donald Trump losing, I don't know, like all of his friends and watching his own family denounce him and he's doing it anyway. And, and that's what it is. That, you know what it it's exactly the point that was the, for the story.


Like you guys all remember the escalator ride down before the announcement back June 16th, 2015. It was actually one of those moments where like, I was like, just, I'm always impressed with my father, but like that one, like he just got the world. Like, I was like, this is why like, he understands the world. Like most people don't. Before the escalator ride, there was an elevator ride. It was our, the whole family going down from his office and you know, then it became him and Melania and he just looks me a deadpan in the eyes. And he goes, and now we find out who our real friends are. And it, it wasn't that he's just running, he just, he knew, he knew what would happen. All the Hollywood people that was kissing his, well maybe there's children so kissing his butt on a daily basis and the billionaires in New York that, you know, just wanted to be seen with him and or on TV with him or whatever.


He's like, that all ends right now. But more importantly like, like RFK, who I've become really good friends with in the last couple months and really worked on that one too. More importantly, he knew what was gonna happen. He knew the consequence and he did it anyway. Yeah. Like that's, that's guts, you know, that's, that's real courage. You know, we're lacking in courage. That was real courage. Well, I mean especially because the thing that most people fear above all things is exile is being cast out, is being the weird kid, you know, is is having all the people you liked and whose praise you so enjoyed reject you.


Like people will do anything to avoid that. That is like the bravest thing there is in my opinion. Why were you, but you didn't need to do that. You could've, I mean, why didn't you just stay in New York? Listen for, you know, for me it's just sort of, again, I guess I found out I have enough of the Trump gene to just be like, okay, we're in a fight. I'm gonna fight. And then, you know, I, and he's even my dad, he is like, like Don Jr. He's the radical. You've heard him say that he's the radical conservative of the family. Like, but I was always that way. Like, you know, I shut up when it made sense. 'cause like we're building buildings in Manhattan and Chicago and around. It's like fine, it it, you know, my first political fundraiser was literally for Andrew Cuomo.


It wasn't 'cause I wanted to support it. Now hear me out. It wasn't because I wanted to support a Democrat. It was because he was the attorney general of New York. And if you're gonna build a building, he's the guy that signs off on your offering plan. So you play the game. It was like my father in the debate with Hillary was like, well Donald Trump doesn't pay taxes. He go, yeah, and if you wanted to do something about taxes that your billionaire friends also don't pay, you'd changed it in the tax code when you were in the Senate for, but you're not going to do that. That makes me smart, not stupid. So, you know, You can Just ask, Understand the game, How long before Andrew Cuomo becomes a Republican. I look at that guy and I'm like, I just judge everything on testosterone level and like Tim Walls is the perfect democratic man.


Yeah. I mean You can just feel the, the self-hate and the creepiness and the passive aggression, the sweaty palms. Nothing About it And there. The flamboyance, like when they, a couple weeks ago when they're like the Republican, the party, they feared Tim Waltz. I'm watching him like prance out. Like, I'm like, oh totally. I'm like, but no, but that's what they think is masculine. I'm like, I don't know man, that guy wouldn't last like three seconds with anyone I know. It's like, oh no, totally. But Andrew Cuomo, who I I think was a horrible governor and horrible during COVID I'm not in any way endorsing Andrew Cuomo, but you know, not a low T character. Yeah. So like how long can he remain in that party? I I, I think, by the way, I think both Cuomo brothers, like Chris Cuomo's, like a frat boy meathead, like, do you do, does he really believe no a 3-year-old should get transgender surgeon?


Like, you know, he's playing that game and he is getting paid well to do it. And sometimes you need to put out the guy that looks like the masculine guy and it's like, come on. Like you, you know, those guys are, one day they're gonna be like, okay, we were just kidding. Like it's just, there's a hundred Percent, a hundred percent chance. But I, I know these guys for years. Like, you know, like I said with with Andrew, I mean his like mother used to sit next to my grandmother at the salon in Queens, New York. Like we go back a long way. And so when he did that like abrupt turn, that's when you're like, the politics is such nonsense. Like I, you know, I'd see that I, I I'm, I got to be a fly on the wall on these things and he would back channel through me. 'cause I was best friends with one of his biggest fundraisers, like who was a big real estate guy in New York.


And they'd be like, alright, we're gonna do this, we're gonna do that, we're gonna, and he's like, thanks for setting that up, Don. The, the administration got us everything we needed. But the second he got on tv it was politic. It was politically expedient to just lie about it. You know, just tell you the opposite. It was almost, honestly, I almost had like, I had a lot more respect frankly for Gavin Newsom in California when he was like, you know what Trump said he was gonna get us this. And he did. Like, I was like, at least he's being intellectually honest, but Cuomo, whether he wanted to continue his political re you know, the media was like everyone now in the room, they're like, they're a Cuomo sexual, like, like he was this big sex symbol all of a sudden, right? What is it? And he gets me too. And that was over, that's like A whole new category. A Cuomo sexual, you You don.


CNN was saying that they're like all these women for Cuomo, they were Cuomo sexual, well Lemme just be on the record. I'm against Cuomo sexuality. I I'm with you. But he knew what was really going on. He had the opportunity to be honest, but he wasn't able to forego the, hey, anything you say against Trump, like, we'll make you a hero. We're gonna elevate your stature in the Democrat party. We're gonna give you that shot at the presidency next. You just have to bastardize literally everything, you know, to be good and true about what was going on. And so, you know, that was, that was hard to watch. 'cause I was part of some of these conversations. So what did, I mean, what do your friend, you know, the guys you grew up with or the people you worked with in New York City, I mean you're so on the record about what you really think.


You're clearly saying exactly what you actually think. What are they, I mean, what do they say to you now? You know, it, it was actually, honestly it was one of, for me it was one of the more refreshing things in life. That doesn't mean it wasn't brutal and sort of like a shock at the time. But like there are guys that I've been friends with for life that I'm still friends with for life. There are guys that are literally like hardcore democrats that were like, that have just been successful. They're like, here's, you know, literally one, one of my buddies who's very left, he was like, here's a hundred thousand dollars for your campaign. Why? Like, what do you mean I I just believe in you and I don't believe in, but like it's just a show of support. And then there're the guys that would be like texting me, Hey Don, I love everything that you're doing.


I let you guys are great. Keep it up. Keep it up. And then I'd watch 'em on Facebook where there's an audience. I can't believe they'd say this, this is a disgrace. I'm like, dude, I follow you on both plate. Like you don't think I'm gonna see that? And and then there are the guys that sort of, you know, stay radio silent and you know, the day after we won, Hey man, I was with you all along. So from I'm like, they weren't, they're like, no, no, no, I really was. I was like, that dude, I've called you like 15 times. You haven't returned my phone call in six months. Like, like, like not an il like, like, so for me it, it was great. I I actually all those people and we all probably have 'em, you know, that guy you meet every year, every other year for sort of the obligatory lunch and you're like, ah, I gotta do it 'cause I knew him from college or whatever. And you're not really excited about it.


'cause like all of those people in my life just gone, it, it, it's so refreshing. Yeah. It, it was just cathartic and I was like, you know, it was great. So what I was, I've been brooding about this, as I said earlier, all month. Have those relationships been replaced by new relationships? A hundred percent. You know, I, I I, I see it and again, I, you know, the, the amount of people that I meet just, you know, around the country now and frankly, you know, I'm that guy that shows up by myself and you know, like I, you know, don't have teams of handlers that like, well this person has access and like, I just, you know, I I You actually have no handlers at all. Yeah, Yeah. Well you see that, you know, Oh, you, I'm aware Showed up plenty of places including here tonight.


You know, just like, yeah, I'm here. Like, whatever, gimme a mic. I'm not bad at this. I can probably handle it and be fine. You know, they, I've met so, so many incredible people and you know, it, it it it's been awesome actually. And, and so again, to your point about just sort of having a pulse, it's like those people that were like rich out of touch people because there's no consequence to sort of, you know, well be really woke and we can virtue signal all day long and, you know, who cares if someone, you know, in a far off state is getting murdered, like my kids have security driving to the school. It's like those people have been replaced by like real Americans who are just genuinely good people. And like, and it, it's, it's been awesome for me. It it's been awesome. I I believe that. So I mean, just moving to Florida, right? It's like I I I like, I was a political refugee from the People's Republic of New York.


Now it's What, what, what's that been like moving to Florida? Honestly, it's surreal and honestly I wasn't sure I'd like it. I was like, I've been coming here my whole life. We've had, you know, Bassett and like we vacation here. But like, you know, I was like, like, you know, I I love like the seasons and I love my cabin on the river and you know, you know what the stuff I'm into, I was like, know Flora's kind of flat and like now it's like very flat. Yeah. Now I'm like, I literally like, you couldn't pay me to move back. Like you, you couldn't No. Like the, you know, where, where I live, I mean I can, I can show up to the nicest restaurant in town and like flip flops in a T-shirt and I'm usually that kind and it's like, Hey dog, what's going on?


It's like, I feel like Norm at Cheers, Like Over an entire state with a population of like 25 million people. Like that is an awesome feeling. That is, that is an awesome feeling. I mean you, I don dunno, people know this, but you're like bombing around flying commercial, you're always out. How do people treat you? Honestly? Well, listen, when I do that, I, I, I go casually, but that, that's what I'm saying. When I, when I talk about the pulse, like I can't, I literally can't name a negative instance in like a year. Like every once in a while you get some guy like, ah, like usually, you know, everyone's a badass on the internet. Everyone's a tough guy, you know, behind a keyboard, but like face to face it's like they, they shut up.


And so, you know, when I try just going into, I took more, I took 75 selfies getting from like the door of the hotel here today to the elevator and back out. And it's like, so people have been great. I literally can't name an instance that's been negative and in, in 16, I'm not saying it was terrible, but it, it definitely was like, you know, 5% of it was visceral reaction. 10% was a negative reaction. Like, I, I can't remember like the last negative reaction I've gotten publicly and now To what we sort of started on. When, when I talk about what I, what I see changing the shift now is like it's demographics that you'd be like, no way.


Like what do you mean? Well, I was talking with Kimberly the other day. She's like, you know, the, the, the amount like African American men and women now coming up to me back, you guys, I love you. Like you have to win. Before there could have been some people being like, interesting, maybe take a selfie, like, you know, screaming make America great again across an airport like, you know, Hispanic, you know, just all of 'em. Hispanic, you know, on the African American side it's definitely more men, but it's like we we're in a place where it's like Kim was like, you took an a, a selfie with every black guy that was in this room came up to you to take a selfie. Like be like, you gotta win. Like that would've never happened.


It's just, you know, the Hispanic demographic across the country, they're, they get what's going on. They understand what's happening. You know, the people who came into America legally and went through that process, like they're some of the greatest patriots in our country. Like, They get it. And what's happening now is so insulting to them, to the rest of us who are born here is so de they're using our country like a rental car just bumping into things, not changing the oil. They have no respect at all for our country, which we love.


Well, and, and, and that's precisely the point. I think the Democrat party is aware that they've literally ostracized the reliable voting blocks for the Democrat party. So it's like, well, you know, rather than maybe do the right thing for them, you know, at the risk of like sub offending, maybe suburban women or something like that, whatever it may be, there's like, why don't we just import 20 million people who will be permanent dependents? Like I said, you know, when you look at a graph, like I was talking about, you know, half a million known criminals, you know, 16,000, you know, sex offenders, 13,000 murderers. They're like, ah, it's fine. It's just, it's, you know, Think about that. I mean, it, it's insane and people get it, but rather than just do the right thing for all of America, they're like, nah, we can't do that.


We gotta stick with our nonsense and just, we'll just bring in 20 million people who, who will permanently be dependent on government. And if you're permanently dependent on government because you're unwilling incapable of doing it otherwise, yeah, you're going to be a Democrat voter. They recognize that this is not an anomaly. This is not out of the kindness of their hearts. There's a reason like a genius computer program or from Eastern Europe cannot get into America. That guy could create jobs, be a business, be a value add, you know, an actual political refugee from Havana, Cuba that's being shot at. Like, well, that, that guy doesn't Get the same treatment as if you come across the southern border because they're escaping the system that the Democrats are trying to instill right here in America.


They're not voting for that. Like, and like I, I guess, you know, the, the intro of like my political leanings is like my mom escaped a communist country. She did so legally, maybe not legally leaving there, but legally getting in here. And like one of the, and I don't even, I don't think it was intentional, I think it was more about life than it was about politics, but like, the reason I sort of started feeling the way I always did about politics and life was because as a child she was like, you're really lucky. Like you're really spoiled. You've been really blessed. Like you are gonna go see how like the rest of the world lives. And so she sent me to what was then communist Czechoslovakia behind the iron curtain in the 1980s.


I spoke the language fluently. I'd go spend my like six weeks every summer there like as I 5, 6, 7, 10, you know, till I was went to college, basically, you know, I've waited in those bread lines like I can assure you they're not as glamorous as Bernie Sanders would have you believe. You notice how there's no one in America like espousing the values of like pre like, you know, fall of the wall, like in America. Like if a system is so good, why are there no advocates for it who've actually lived under those systems? Like, if it was so great, you'd think you'd have a couple guys be like, no, no, no, we gotta try it here only like, you know, these like virtue signaling clowns, it's gonna be different this time. Tucker, you know, 20 million people dead.


It's gonna be different, you know, it, it, it doesn't happen that way. So, you know, I saw that, I, I remember it was weird, it was one of the conversations I had with my grandfather early on. I was like, I saw the picture of my parents' wedding. I'm looking, I'm like, you know, it's in the little, you know, little communist building and this lean Slovakia and I'm like, like, why isn't my grandmother in the picture? I'm a kid. Like I, you know, was she the one taking the picture? No, she wasn't in the picture because they, the government wouldn't let them both leave because they knew both were never coming back If. they were both, so they literally held someone as a political hostage to not go to their daughter's wedding because they understood that If, they left the gun day, they're never coming back.


Like, what kind of system is that? And we're bringing that here right now. They're not even hiding from it anymore. Before we were like, you know, in 16, we're like, well, they're got a gun and communist. Well, no, not really done. Like they're saying these things out loud, price controls on this, we're gonna, I mean everything, I mean, it's literally a playbook. They're not even pretending anymore. And. they, we have to be aware of that And they're using violence as a political tool. Yeah, I hate to say that. I hate to believe it and I hate even to bring this up, but I'm going to, and if you don't wanna talk about it, You don't have to. But from what I can tell, the Biden administration, which controls the security for the Trump campaign is withholding security. And that's, you know, an incitement to violence. That's a, that's election interference using the threat of violence.


Yeah, no, I mean, yeah, No, it's, listen, it's a, it, it's a little hard. I mean, I, I have five young kids as we discussed, and I've now had to have 10 conversations about their grandfather who they love almost being killed because I've had to do it twice, like, as the nominee of one of the major parties and maybe the leading candidate for president of the United States. Like how, how does that happen? Even once, you know, I I I, I was with my daughter who, you know, they, she spoke at the RNC that some of you guys may have seen that.


Yeah, she's, she's, she's a great kid. She's a competitive athlete. She's got it, you know, but she was never political, but like, she plays golf with my dad every weekend. She was with me like, yeah, I got the rare call from my daughter, you know, again, when you're 17, it's like, dad, I wanna go fishing and spend time with you. I'm like, but who are you and what have you done to Kai? Like I, you know, I got that call that Saturday. And so, you know, I was like, we're going fishing. Didn't matter what it was, we're going fishing, we're out there, we have a good, you know, having a great day. And you know, I I get a call like, Hey, You, don, your dad's been shot. I'm like, wait, what? Like, there, you know, some calls you get that are good or bad, like once when the call is your father's been shot, there's only degrees of bad, it's a question of how bad. And it's like, well, how, how bad?


Like, and, and, and what and what we don't know. I'm like, well, and so we don't know. And so we're out on there. I'm like, okay, we're going, we're going back home fast. And I'm trying to call, I guess the one thing that was done right by Secret Service that day, I guess they shut off communication so I couldn't get in or out, like, you know, everything else seems like a total disaster. And I, I don't mean like one lapse of error. I'm like, you, you let a shooter on a roof for 20 minutes. Like, you know, you knew about it 10 minutes before, you still let the guy get on stage. You, you had 'em in your sites for a while and like, like, and I, and I, I know a lot of these guys, I, you know, I had a secret service detail for years. I understand the protocol. I'm best friends with some of these guys. Some of these guys are diehard red-blooded Americans and others are journeyman bureaucrats.


You know, we, we seem to have gotten all of the bureaucrats that day other than some of the guys, you know, on, on my dad's team that day on the stage. And I'm like, that doesn't happen. So I'm, I'm going back with my daughter, you know, we're like, she's, you know, visibly upset because this is like her golfing buddy. Like I, I walk in on my daughter and she's like talking for 25 minutes. I'm like, guy, like, can you get off the phone with your friends? Like enough, like of this like ki it was like, no, that was grandpa. I was like, really? That that was, and and so she is there. We finally get, you know, we finally, I'm, I was watching some of the stuff on social, but I still don't know an answer. Like, you know, then we finally get him on the phone and it's like, you know, we're we're okay. And I was like, okay, well when I saw you get up like that, that was the most badass thing I've ever seen someone do.


Like Most of us, well actually all of us go through our daily lives using all sorts of quote free technology without paying attention to why it's quote free. Who's paying for this? And how, think about it for a minute. Think about your free email account, the free messenger system you use to chat with your friends. The free other weather app or game app you open up and never think about. It's all free, but is it, no, it's not free. These companies aren't developing expensive products and just giving them to you 'cause they love you. They're doing it because their programs take all your information. They hoover up your data, private personal data and sell it to data brokers and the government and all of those people who are not your friends are very interested in manipulating you and your personal political and financial decisions. It's scary as hell and it's happening out in the open without anybody saying anything about it. This is a huge problem and we've been talking about this problem to our friend Eric Prince for years. Someone needs to fix this and he and his partners have, and now we are partners with them and their company is called Unplugged. It's not a software company, it's a hardware company. They actually make a phone. The phone is called Unplugged and it's more than that. The purpose of the phone is to protect you from having your life stolen, your data stolen. It's designed from a privacy first perspective. It's got an operating system that they made. It's called Messenger and other apps that help you take charge of your personal data and prevent it from getting passed around to data brokers and government agencies that will use it to manipulate you. Unplugs commitment is to its customers. They will promise you And, they mean it, that your data are not being sold or monetized or shared with anyone from basics like its custom libertas operating system, which they wrote, which is designed from the very first day to keep your personal data on your device. It also has, believe it or not, a true on off switch that shuts off the power. It actually disconnects your battery and ensures that your microphone and your camera are turned off completely when you want them to be so they're not spying on you and say your bedroom, which your iPhone is. That's a fact. So it is a great way, one of the few ways to actually protect yourself from big tech and big government to reclaim your personal privacy. Without privacy, there is no freedom. The Unplugged phone You can get a $25 discount when you use the code tucker at the checkout. So go to unplug.com/tucker to get yours today. Highly recommended.


Hey everyone, it is Ryan Seacrest here ready to heat up your summer vacation. Get ready. Things are about to get sizzling at Chumba Casino your summer, getting a whole lot hotter with a special daily login bonus waiting just for you. So sign up now for reels of fun and reels of prizes right here at Chumba Casino with yours. Truly join me@chumbacasino.com and dive into a summer of social casino fun sponsored By Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply


So That it should have never been allowed to happen. We all know, sort of know and understand that. And then, you know, the sort of uncomfortable conversation for a little bit. And then finally, you know, I'm usually the inappropriate one. And so I was like, okay, listen dad, most importantly, how's the hair done? Done? The hair is fine don a little bloody, lots of blood, but the hair is fine. And like, you know, You can see like Ivanka's eyes are rolling in that, but I was like, we, we needed to, we needed to break the ice. And it was like everything was okay, but you know, you know, the next day was Sunday and you're sort of getting over this adrenaline dump and you know, you're figuring out all these lapses.


And I'm, at this point, I'm just furious, right? I'm, you know, going back and forth with Dan Bunch, you know, who was the secret service, you know, like all day long. Like what, like, we're we're just getting, getting each other more and more worked up. And I, you know, but that Monday morning I woke up and it's, I get a call, it's like my daughter, like, you know, and she's like, dad, it was the week of the RNC. She was like, it's Monday morning of the RNC. She's like, I wanna speak at the RNC. And I'm like, what? What? Like, I'm like, that's kind of a big one. Like, that's like your first speech ever. Like, you know, and when I was that age, I'd been like nervous in front of like 10 people in a, in my classroom. And, you know, but she, she understood sort of what it was.


And she was like, I, I'm sick of this crap. I'm sick of the lies about him. I'm sick of the da. And like, So, you know, she did that. But you know, the fact then, you know, then I have to have a conversation with her. Two months later, it almost happened again. And by the way, just so we're clear, within minutes, you know, you have Hillary Clinton saying he is literally the greatest threat to democracy ever. He is worse than Hitler. I'm like, I don't know. We had a prosperous economy. We had no wars. We went from prosperity to poverty as a country. We went from peace to war. I mean, like, I don't know, probably in a, but they've been doing it for nine years.


You're telling me it's not on purpose. You're telling me it's not intentional Radicalization. You, you're telling me they're not asking for it. I mean, this week I had to Get the call and be like, Hey, you're like one of the Iran targets. 'cause you know, If, they can't get your dad. They want to inflict as much damage. And. they know you're a lower profile and you know, You can do just as much damage to someone, but maybe, you know, if it's the son or you know, someone else in the family, maybe that won't elicit a response from the American military. So they can, they can inflict pain without actually doing it. Like, that's not a conversation. I love having. I've, I've grown probably far too accustomed to it, but like, you know, but it, it, it's why we just all have to say enough of this stuff, you know, like the media attacks, like, it, it, it's disgusting with no actual evidence, you know, that say every day for nine years, like of course they're asking for it to happen.


Like there's no other plausible explanation. I it's like Wuhan Lab League, like of course it came from the lab that studies the exact virus in the town. That was ground zero for the vi. Like no, no, no. Anthony Fauci said it didn't. And if you agree with him and you're a doctor, you'll lose your government funding and you'll lose your research grant. There I got, yeah, I got canceled for that one at the time. 'cause I was like, like, of course it did. You're not a virologist don. I was like, You don't have to be a virologist. You just have to not be an Emile. Like, like you, like it's not that hard. Like of course it did. But like all great conspiracy theories.


We know we find out the truth a couple weeks later. So I don't understand two things. One, how the Congress hasn't gotten to the bottom of the security lapses. Yeah. Like how hard is that? No one's been fired now. One person's been fired in the entire federal government for that. I don't understand. It's, it's Almost like there's a lot of people that are okay with it. Tucker. I mean, no, but like, what, what else is it? I mean, we, we've had some conversations with people that we can't sort of, we're, we're not gonna out because they know more than we do. But it's like, well they, they have the ability to get that information and they're not given it by the, the three letter agencies that are literally supposed to report to them.


It's like, no, no, we know better At some point. What? Like, where's the point where you have like a sit-in in someone's office? Like, I'm not moving until you answer the question or we cut off the funding immediately, or you just No, seriously. You, you have a, a march on, you know, DHS headquarters where 500,000 people show up and say, we're not leaving until you give us the answer. Yeah. They'll, they'll all get thrown in jail for being insurrectionists. Whether they do any in, you know, now it's January 6th, right? It was literally, it's almost amazing. It was the first unarmed insurrection in the history of the world. The only people that were armed were the tour guides that magically worked for the FBI that were all there. They couldn't release the videos because it would expose too many of their assets implanted in the group.


I'm like, well, why didn't any of those assets actually try to stop it? It's almost like it was a plan, Right? Almost. Yeah. Almost, Almost like, but you know, there are grandmothers that are sitting in jail 'cause where they were within 500 miles of DC or you're like, they're taking selfies inside the velvet ropes. Like that's not an insurrectionist. They didn't even know what they're supposed to be in the room. Like. Well also, isn't it, doesn't it belong to them? Yeah. Isn't it the people's house? Isn't this our country? Don't we pay for It? If, they go to Jail. Did our ancestors build it? I thought that was the story. They Go to jail. But if you burn down Seattle or Portland or Kenosha, Wisconsin, you know, you, you get to be vice president under the Democrat regime.


You can allow that to happen. It's fine. There's no consequence. No one goes to jail. Billions dollar of damage. Actually, people murdered. That's different. The existing vice president who's running at the top of the ticket can fundraise for those people publicly. And the guy that let the city, the major city and the state that he's the governor of can allow it to burn down. And, you know, that's fine. As long as you put tampons in boys' bathrooms like you're forgiven. It's okay. No, no, no. You're, you're, you know, that makes you a Real leader. Whatcha supposed to do with those? I'm, don't even tell me. So, Vote, vote, vote, call all your friends. Vote like your republic.


Depends on it, because it does, It does. I, you know, I'm not worried in Florida, but I'm sure everyone from Florida is basically from somewhere else. You know, make sure your friends in the swing state, you know, apathy is what's gonna kill this. 'cause they're gonna play games. I, I listen, like we discussed, you know, If, they showed up with 12 billion votes on, you know, the morning after election day. They'll tell you it's the most free of fair election ever. We like, like we can't take any of it for granted. You know, you discuss sort of polling in your opening and it's like the polling is all bs, right? Half of it's designed to demoralize you. The other half is designed to make you overconfident. None of it matters. The only poll that matters is the final tally on November 5th.


But the way I look at, in many of the places, usually those places that are swing states, you know, they're controlled entirely by a Democrat legislature or the Republicans are so weak that they're worried about the bad article in the local paper. Like, to win by win, we gotta win by five. That's it. Act accordingly. So give, and this is my my last question, but I, I'm looking for hope. The core problem is corruption. Every institution, many institutions in American life have been revealed to be corrupt. It's so distressing to see it so demoralizing to watch it. It has to be fixed. It's too corrupt to continue If. they can allow the other party's presidential candidate to be shot in the face and no one's even fired.


Then we've reached a point where can't have any more of this. So starting January 20th, do you have hope that that corruption can be rooted out? I do. I do. The reality is this, and, and I honestly, I think it's why both sides, frankly, are going so much harder against my father this time around. Now he actually knows, he knows who the liars are. He knows who the scumbags are. He knows who I'm on your side. It's like, you know, here's a tweet from seven minutes ago when I walked into your endorsement to get an endorsement. You know, I'll disregard the last five years of everything I've been saying. That's bad about you. It's now he knows and that's why he's a greater threat.


Right? When, when he, before, you know, when we were talking about transition last time around, it was like, I was like, so who do you know in DC It's like, I've been in DC for less than two days of my entire life. He didn't know. So you trust even those people on your side. You had no other way to do it. You know, in business it's different. It's like you sort of understand what people's motivation is. It's usually, you know, profit or the, you know, there's so, like in politics, like your best friend will snake you to get a good favorable article that lets him Get the next consulting gig. Like, they'll bastardize everything they believe in. There's no, there's no honor in it. There's no, there's no, no one actually has a belief system in Washington dc but for three or four people, the belief system is power. And, and they'll do whatever they can to have that power.


There's no real consequence to a law. So if your party's not in charge, fine. You sit in the wings waiting till the next opportunity for you to make, you know, your seven figure gig a month for, you know, representing the scumbags. I, I think the fact that he gets that now he's seen those people turn on 'em, I think that scares, again, especially the people on our side that much more. So there is hope beyond that. There's hope that, you know, people also getting it, they're, they're showing up. They're, they're not just listening to sort of the two minutes, you know, of news in the background of being like, oh, that must be true. I saw it on cnn. It's like, no, it's probably the opposite of that. And so, you know, again, the fact that, you know, we're five weeks out from an election and we're, we're filling up a stadium like this of people like, I I, it's hard to, And that's amazing.


I mean, people, they're now finally vested in the success of their country. That should have always been. but we took it for granted as Americans. I mean, when I got into this, I was naive, man. When I, I was a baby. When I like, well listen, you know, the CIA and FB, I said I was colluding with Russia. I must have taken a selfie with someone. Like there, there had to be something to it. I, I, I, I genuinely believed there had to be some truth to it. 'cause I wanted to believe everything I had been told about our country. And, and it turns out it was all nonsense. There doesn't have to be any truth to any of it. So then I was sort of fighting to preserve an America, I believe existed for my kids.


Turns out, you know, it may have never existed, but certainly not in my lifetime. And it may be longer than that. It was just sort of, you know, a visual representation. You're, we must get into these wars because of patriotic read. I'm like, well, I don't know. Like, why? It's like, why I get in trouble still for questioning, you know, what's going on in Ukraine? It's like, well, like what's our benefit? You know, there's no benefit. You know, it, it, it, it's insane. And so now, you know, I'm fighting to actually make real the the myth that I was sold about our country to actually make that exist. That's why I do this now That I'll just say I, and I mean this truly, I sincerely hope that you will run for president at some point.


I mean that You never know, folks. You never know. How about this, let's worry about 20, 24 right now. But, but, but beyond that though, not just president, you know, that, that's the thing. Like I, hey, I've been through it. I've, I've done my testimony for treason and it, I don't wanna just win The president without the house or without the Senate. Like, like, like I, that'll be hell for me and my family, for everyone for the day and, and, and for America. Like, we gotta win everything. We gotta win down to the dog catcher. We gotta win our state legislatures so we can like, I don't know, maybe educate our children.


So maybe they learn like math rather than the 4,379 genders. Like, you know, we gotta win, you know, all of our school boards, they, they, we gotta win everything because we've sat back as, as conservatives for, you know, whether we're building a businesses or we're, you know, I get it. It's hard to get involved. It's hard to get in that fray. No one probably understands it better than, you know, my family other than maybe RFK Jr. You know, like no one understands the consequence better than perhaps the collective like ticket now. But like, we don't have AdChoices or, or, or it's not gonna exist Again, they're, they're saying all of the things like you think if If, they can literally, you know, if impeaching Trump doesn't work twice, well then we'll just try to take his businesses and we'll find him half a billion dollars for paying back loans on time with interest.


We'll, we'll change the statute of limitation of certain things for one year, not in perpetuity. 'cause we want to be able, like they did in New York, they literally, the state of New York changed the statute of limitations to allow them to go back 30 years for a nonsense case. 'cause they figured, hey, we could probably get a favorable jury the second they charge Trump, it changes back. Is that a democracy? Like, think about it. I mean, if, if that doesn't work, you know, well, we'll, we'll we'll try to throw him in jail and if that doesn't work, we'll just scream loudly enough that he's worse than Hitler to make people literally try to kill him and then not give him the appropriate security protocols to protect him.


Like If. they can do that to Donald Trump. A guy that has the means to be able to fight back a guy that has arguably one of the greatest political platforms ever assembled. What some of the greatest, most patriotic people backing him, the soapbox to get it out there, If. they can do it to him. Who can't they do it to? But more importantly, If, they will do it to him and they'll do it to him so aggressively and so flagrantly, who won't they do it to? You think it stops with Trump? No, no, no. Guys, each and every one of you is in the firing line at this point, almost no pun intended. Like it, like we have to act accordingly.


We have to take back our country. And so, you know, we're, we're used to, you know, you've, how many times have you heard it in your journalistic career, Tucker? It's literally the most important election ever. Yeah. You know, some guy running for dog catcher. It's like, it's literally like, the world depends on this. Like, you know, we're, we're used to hearing that like this time that's real. Look at the stakes. Look at where we are as a world. Look at where we are as a country. The fact that it's even close in some of these places show just how brainwashed so many people are. Again, it's not a fair fight. We know that it doesn't matter. It's so true to win.


Like we actually have to play by the rules they've set where, you know, elections. Like, like I, I was in Europe last week for two days. Like, they're like, what do you mean? Like, you don't have like paper ballots, you don't have like voter id. You like these basic things. They're like, these are socialist countries, And, they think we're insane. Like that's, you know, but guess what? To win, you have to play the hand that you're dealt. They have dealt that hand. They have stacked that hand. They've done every, it doesn't matter. We still have to play. They want us to be demoralized. They want us to take our ball and go cry to mommy. Like they would love to see that.


We can't do it. We have to fight. You know, the same resolve I saw from my father coming up that day. We all have to have that same spirit because that is the embodiment of the America we know and love. We just have to come out and actually do it all. Donald, Trump Jr. Ladies and gentlemen, thanks for listening. The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made. The complete library, Tucker Carlson dot com.