
Your data is like gold to hackers, and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com. Cancel anytime terms apply.


So, okay. Bobby Kennedy, your longtime friend, looks like he's gonna be the HHS secretary. What assess did you think that was gonna happen in your Lifetime? Well, not in my lifetime. No, Tucker. We're, we're in this historic moment. Yeah. Where, you know, America's waking up to the fact that it's been the frog in boiling water. Yeah. Slowly getting sicker and sicker and sicker. Bankrupting our country with almost $5 trillion in healthcare costs. One in $5 of our economy, 80% of it or more is preventable. 99% of Medicare dollars are spent on preventable chronic disease. And never, this conversation has happened in the political discourse until now, which is a Little crazy.


'cause you hear people talk about healthcare all the time. I, I think, well, They talk about healthcare as a way of like limiting entitlements or Medicare for all. Exactly. Everybody's upset about healthcare on some level for some reason. But I haven't heard anybody until recently in the public sphere address, like why it's so expensive. Right. So the question I know I'm a functional medicine doctor. Yes. My, my focus is on why? What's the cause? What's the root cause? The cause, the cause, the cause. Welcome to Tucker Carlson Show. We bring you stories that have not been showcased anywhere else. And they're not s of course, because we're not gatekeepers.


We are honest brokers here to tell you what we think you need to know and do it honestly. Check out all of our content at Tucker Carlson dot com. Here's the episode. Shouldn't that be every doctor? Well, I ideally, yes, but I married, you know, sitting in my office years ago, and I had a diabetic patient come in. I realized, you know, I can't cure diabetes in my office. It's cured on the farm in the food we grow. It's cured in the food manufacturing process. It's cured by what people buy in the grocery store. It's cured in the kitchen. And so we really have to look at the root causes of our food system. I said, why are, why are my patients eating this food? Well, it's because the food system. Well, why do we have the food system we have and the, and the way in which it's operating that drives this chronic disease epidemic, which now is the biggest killer on the planet and is caused by food.


Food has outpaced smoking as the number one killer in the world. Kills 11 million people a year, 11 million. It's the biggest killer in the United States. Why did that happen? Is because our, our, our policies are driven in large part by industry, by the food industry, the ag industry, the chemical and seed companies. And those are the companies that are profiting. This is the biggest food, biggest industry in the world. It's over $16 trillion when you aggregate all the food companies, the fast food companies, the agricultural, chemical, and seed companies. And, and this is enormous force that's driving our political process. And so a lot of the policies we have either by, you know, just kind of mis misalignment of, of our expectations and incentives of what happened, or because of deliberate actions in the food companies have actually driven a food system that's making us sick.


And, and we have an illness industrial complex. We have a system that's driving disease and everybody's profiting from it. And no one's addressed that before. And this is why we have the system. So we're supporting commodity crops, wheat, corn, and soy that get turned into ultra processed food, which is basically chemical science projects that our bodies are not used to. They're not technically defined as food. Food is something that helps, you know, nourish human being. Of course it's life and growth. These things don't, they do the opposite. They cause disease. And so we, we sort of slowly get into this system where we're, we're where the enormous rise in chronic diseases over the last 50 years. You know, Tucker, when I graduated medical school, the cost for healthcare in America was half a trillion dollars. Now it's almost 10 times that in my lifetime when I ed from medical school, there was not a single state with an obesity rate over 15%.


Now there's not one with one under 30 and almost all or over 40, 42% of Americans are obese. We've seen that in All 50 states. All 50 states. Yeah. We see, we, I mean, and you know what the, the highest diabetes mortality rates are in red states, 14 outta the 15 states with the highest diabetes mortality or red states. So this is affecting everybody in America. It doesn't matter whether you're red or blue or purple biology is bipartisan, you know, chronic heart disease, cancer, dementia, diabetes. And they don't know what who you voted for. So What radicalized me was, so when I grew up, I'm a little younger than you, but you know, roughly the same generation. Yeah. I, there were no fat people where I grew up. None. None. Zero. No affluent area, but still no fat, zero fat people.


And I always thought that it was like a failure of will. It was a kind of sin. It was Buttony. Yes. A hundred percent. And then I came just from my own experience to realize that if you just go about your life is the way Americans do is what's presented to you, and you don't make any effort to, to fight it. Yeah. If you just sort of, all things being equal, you're gonna be like 70 pounds overweight. A hundred percent you're gonna, that happened to me. I was like, wow, I'm gonna be super fat. Yeah. And I, if I don't really struggle Yeah. All the time. Yeah. That's Weird. Well, it's, it's, we make the hard choices. The the the healthy choices and the easy choices, the unhealthy choices. So That, well, that just, it made me think that actually people who are obese are not the, the perpetrators but the victims of the crime.


This Is really important. Tucker, you just hit on something that is so critical, which is that we have blamed the victim for this problem. I have. It's your fault. You're fat, you're a glutton, you're lazy. Yes. And it's your fault. So just stop eating that crap and get healthy and you'll save America. That's bullshit. Okay. So I kind Of, that's bullshit here. Obviously. Feel better to hear that. But it's, and here's, I think that's true. It's absolutely true. The NIH did an incredible study where they took a group of people And they fed them for two weeks. A whole foods diet matched for protein, fat, carbs, fiber. And they fed them an ultra processed diet And they saw what happened to their biology. The ultra processed food, which is what 60% of our diet is. It's 67% of kids' diet. It's 73% of the food on our grocery store shelves.


When you eat that food, it disregulates your appetite. You eat 500 calories more a day in a week. That's 3,500 calories. 3,500 calories equals a pound. A weight gain in a year. That's 52 pounds. So if Americans are eating this food, which is everywhere, which is ubiquitous, which we're marketed to death on, I mean, kids get targeted, $14 billion. The food industry spends on marketing junk food to kids. They see an average of 30,000 ads a year. You could talk to your kid breakfast, lunch, and dinner and snacks about healthy food. And you're not gonna be the marketing. And this, this to me is criminal. Most countries have banned this. Most companies don't, countries don't allow this. And for example, chili has gotten all the food marketing to kids off between six in the morning and 10 at night.


They have no more Tony to tiger on Frosted Flakes. No more Toucan on the fruit Loop. But you're saying frost frosted flakes are a highly processed food. Of course they are. Yeah. I mean, I'm a serial killer. Tell the truth. Yeah. I, you I am a serial killer. I think cereal is the worst thing I ever invented for humanity. It's basically 75% sugar. It's sugar for breakfast, it's dessert for breakfast. That's not what we should be eating. And so what's what's happened is there are, are, are are ways in which we are making it so easy for people to make the wrong choice. And when, when you're exposed to these foods, you're going to gain weight. You're gonna be dysregulated, you're gonna destroy your microbiome, you're gonna create inflammation, you're gonna drive heart disease, cancer, diabetes, dementia, autoimmune diseases. All these things are coming at explosive rates.


And you know, I've looked at the data and, and Even those we're spending more and more. It would be fine if we were spending $5 trillion and America was getting healthy. It would be fine if we're spending $485 billion on drugs if they're working. But for Tucker, the, the drugs that we're using for the disease that we have are not the right treatment. The right treatment is changing what we're eating. And if you look at heart disease, it's up 50%. Cancer's up 30%, 60% higher in those under 50. So we're seeing cancer rates rising in the young in rates we've never seen before. Even those young people don't smoke cigarettes. No. It's the food. Colon cancer is the biggest thing, but it's just A little crazy. Again, this is the benefit of being in your fifties. 'cause you sort of remember what the, the previous lies were. Yeah. But like, if we get rid of smoking, not endorsing smoking, then cancer's just gonna like cease to exist.


Well, certain cancers like lung cancer and other cancers have, have gone down. But when you see cancer rates increasing in children, like by 30%, you see autoimmune diseases up a hundred percent. You see mental health issues up 80%. You see autism up a thousand percent a DD up 200% diabetes up 400% Alzheimer's up 150%. So we are screwing up here big time by not dealing with the root cause. And we're spending on all those conditions, two to 300% more on drugs. So we're, we're almost like, you know, we're increasing by one or two fold these diseases and the drug use has gone up two or threefold, and we're losing. So if it was working great, but it ain't working. And, and what's happening is that now most people don't realize it, but that one of every dollars of your taxpayer dollars goes to fund our healthcare costs in America.


Of that $4.9 trillion, which was half a trillion when I graduated medical school, that's paid for by the taxpayer. And it's mostly preventable. We're probably adding 2 trillion to our federal deficit every year because of this. And also the, the amount of money we're spending is 40% of all healthcare bills. So if you look at the total healthcare bill, when you add in everything in the government, not just Medicare, but any health service, the military, all federal employees, all the programs that are, that the government is funding around healthcare, it's 40% of the total healthcare bill in America is paid for by the US government. And we have enormous power to change how those dogs are spent and how chronic diseases address this country. And for the first time, take this on and not just try to find the pill for every ill, but to get to the root cause.


And it's really from changing our food system from field to fork. And it's addressing the conflicts of interest in government. It's addressing the NIH funding. It's addressing what we pay for with, you know, food stamps. There's so many areas that we have policy leverage. So before we get in that, let's just define a couple terms. So when you say Ultra Processed Foods Yeah. Can you be precise? Yeah, for sure. So the NOVA classification, and there's many different classifications for different kinds of food processing, and there's pros and cons with each one. So there's no perfect system, but the NOVA classification was developed by scientists in Brazil. It's now their standard of care for their food programs and dietary guidelines. So, you know, non-processed food is a tomato, an egg, an apple, you know, an almond, you know what that is, right? But if you make almond butter, well that's a little bit of minimally processed food.


If you make a can of tomatoes that's minimally processed and there's another level of, you know, processing that you use in cooking, it's a little more sort of processing of things, but it's not, it's not made from anything other than real food ingredients. The fourth classification is ultra process. And this is essentially where they take commodity crops, which are funded with our federal dollars, supporting farmers who are losing the game. And That's corn, soybeans and wheat, corn, Soybean and wheat. And by the way, the farmers are suffering so bad. You know, Tucker, there's, there's a 350% higher rate of suicide in farmers than there are in the rest of the population. There's $435 billion of farmer debt that they carry to support us. And those, and they're stuck between the, the crop insurance that the government's playing, the banks, which are providing them, you know, the loans and the agrichemical and seed companies that are providing the fertilizer, the seeds, and the chemicals that they're spraying on their farm.


And they can't, they can't get out of that toxic loop. And they're, they're struggling. Those real communities are struggling so bad. And that can be fixed. And so when you look at, shit, I lost my train of thought. Ultra Processed Foods. Yeah. Okay. So, so, so process Is any food that's been changed in this conversation? So like, so what happens, what what happens is they growing these commodity crops that the government's basically supporting them funding of wheat, corn, and soy. But you're not eating wheat berries or whole grain. You're not eating true whole soybeans. You're not eating just corn on the cob. These are deconstructed, In fact, in factories and science, basically science labs into their molecular components are torn apart and, and rebuilt into these chemically extruded food-like substances of all color, size and shapes that are not by definition food.


If you look up the Webster's deary definition of food, it's not actually technically food. And so what most Americans are eating is stuff that actually is harmful, that's causing disease and killing people. It's, it's literally, think about it, the equivalent of two Holocaust a year are caused by the food we're eating according to the Disease study. So how do you know when you see it? You said 70% of our grocery store offerings are ultra processed food. You know, the labeling, food labeling is a big issue and is one of our key initiatives. I think if we, if we move forward in this administration has to be addressed. People need informed consent. They meaning being empowered with the right information. They need to know what they're eating, whether it's good or bad for them. And now you need to be a PhD scientist to read a nutrition label or read the ingredients and know what it means. So, Right. So, so I avoid vanilla wafers.


That's, I guess the Obvious. So if you look at the, if you look at the ingredient list, it should be stuff, you know, which is say tomatoes or salt or, So that's the measurement. Yeah. If, if you see stuff like butylated, hydroxy, toluene, probably not something you wanna be eating. And many of these chemicals that we use in America are, are outlawed in other countries in Europe and Singapore and, and, and many other countries, these compounds that have been validated to show that how harmful they are to human beings have been removed from the marketplace. And we should follow those standards here. So labeling is really key and we're gonna work on that. But right now, if you're, if you're just trying to figure it out, yeah, look at the ingredient list. If there's stuff there that you wouldn't have on your kitchen counter or you wouldn't have on your pantry, don't eat it. If it says malto dextrin, where's your malto dextrin jar in your spice jar?


Where's your butylated hydroxy toluene? Do you sprinkle that on your salad? No, you should. So if you don't understand it, don't eat it. Yeah. I mean, yeah. I mean, things can have a long list of ingredients. If you eat Indian foods, they have lots of spices, that's fine. It's real food. But if it's, if it's something that is, is in Latin that You don't understand, can't pronounce, or it has a health claim on the label, it's probably not good for you. I mean, like Lay's potato chips now says they're gluten free. I mean, that's ridiculous, right? Hmm. Oh, it's gluten free. It's healthy. No, it's not, you know, gluten-free. It's gluten free. 'cause there's no wheat in it. Right. Well, of course, but it's Coca-Cola's gluten free. So like, my, my rule is that it has a health claim on the label. Don't eat it. If there's a health claim on the label. Yeah. If it says if it's low fat, high fiber, low cholesterol, you know, you know, if it's no sugar, if it's, you know, gluten free, it's hiding something, they're hiding something.


Right. It's just food. I mean, you know, tomato doesn't say gluten free on it. Right. It's just a tomato. So that, I mean, that limits your options. Well, you know what, you're Gonna lose weight just from No, It's scarcity at that point. You know, it's amazing. I I had this view that, that it was people's fault. They were fat. And I, and I went down Yeah, me too. This part of this movie called Fed Up that I did with Katie Couric and Lori David, about 10 years ago, we went to South Carolina and I went to Easley, South Carolina, one of the, one of the poorest areas in America, one of the worst food deserts in America. There's something called the Retail Environment Food Index. How many fast food and junk food and com bodegas there are compared to grocery stores. They're like 10 to one. And, and this family of five lived in a trailer.


They, they were on disability and food stamps And they wanted to sort of get healthy. And I asked them, why do you wanna get healthy? Because I'm like, why do you wanna be in this movie? They said, well, my dad's 42. He has type two diabetes from the foodie ate, he has kidney failure, he's on dialysis, he's gonna die unless he loses 40 pounds. And we can't get to lose 40 pounds. We don't know what to do. The mother was well over 150 pounds overweight. The son was, you know, 16 years old, almost diabetic, 50% body fat. It should be 10 to 20%. I went, I said, rather than gimme a lecture about what to do and what to eat, I said, let's go to your, let's go to your house. Let's go, let's go shopping. Get some simple foods that are inexpensive, that are whole foods that are healthy to eat. So we made Turkey chili.


This was from good, good food on a tight budget, a guide from the Environmental working group. I said, here's Turkey chili, here's how to roast some sweet potatoes. Here's how to stir asparagus. Here's how to make a salad from not just iceberg lettuce, but some real lettuce. Here's olive oil and vinegar dressing. Iceberg is not real lettuce. No, no. It's pretty, pretty, pretty much nutritionally vapid food. I would not Oh, really? Yeah, would, I mean, I mean, it's fine if you wanna eat it, but it's not, it's not fully dense with, with phytochemicals and nutrients. Oh. You know, and so, so we basically showed them and I went through their cupboards, everything in their cupboard. They had low fat, this and cool what they thought was healthy. 'cause it said no trans fats. But the FDA, with the inclusion with the food industry allowed it a food to say, no trans fat have less than half a gram per serving.


So basically they're, they're just duping the American public. And, and we need clear transparency and information. So they didn't know what they were eating and everything was frozen or packaged or canned or boxed. They never cooked anything. They didn't have cutting board, they didn't have knives. They never cooked anything in their kitchen. And so we made Turkey chili, we made this whole meal. We sat down and ate it, and it was so delicious. And the sun goes, Dr. Hyman, do you like this for your family Every night? I'm like, yeah, I do. And it wasn't hard. It wasn't difficult. It didn't take too much time. And I said, listen, you know, I don't know if You can do this, but here, here's this guide on how to eat well for less. Here's, here's my cookbook on, on how to actually eat healthy and try it. And I, on the plane, I sent them cutting boards and knives because they didn't, they didn't have anything to cut.


I mean, we're cutting, like with a butter knife, trying to cut sweet potatoes. It was ridiculous. Hard, hard, sweet potatoes. They'd no utensils in the house, nothing. Not, not for cooking. Right. And so the first week the mother texted me back, she's, mark, we lost 18 pounds. I'm like, amazing. And a year they lost over 200 pounds as a family. The father lost 45, got a new kidney, the mother lost a hundred plus pounds, the son lost 50. But he went to work at Bojangles and gained it back. He said it was like putting an alcoholic to work in a bar. And, and then, and then he gained all the weight back. And, and then he called me a few years later, he said, mark, can you help me? I'm like, yeah. He said, Dr. Hyman, but you know, yeah. I said, yeah. And so I coached him and got him, And he lost 132 pounds, and he's the first kid in his family to go to college. He wrote me a letter. He said, mark, can You, can You, can you write me a letter of recommendation for medical school?


And now he's a doctor. So, And he now he lost all that weight. So, so what? But that taught me was that it's really about education, about information, about skills. You know, I dunno if you know this story, but, but in the Wait, but Hold on, hold on. There's Yes. But You can know the right path and not take it. Yeah. There's a compulsion attached to certain kinds of food. A hundred percent. And this is well documented, Tucker. It is well documented, well documented. And there studies are published. There was a large study published that reviewing all the literature on food addiction. And there's something called the Yale Food Addiction Scale, which is questions You can, You can look at up online. You just ask the answer the questions, and it tells you if you're a food addict, just so You can do a questionnaire to tell if you're an alcoholic. There's 14% of the adult population are alcoholics.


14% of people are food addicted. And 12% of children are food addicted by, by the scientific definition of food addiction. Not, not just, oh yeah, this is addictive, but actually biologically addictive. Measuring, measuring the, the, the things you need to measure to determine addiction. And so if that's true, you know, you say compulsion, but it's really a hijack of our biochemistry. So the food industry is designed foods to hijack our biology. There's a book written by Michael Moss called Salt Sugar and Factory. He interviewed 300 food industry executives and whistleblowers and scientists. And basically they said, look, we, we have taste institutes where we hire craving experts. These are own their own terms to create the bliss point of food, which is the maximum lighting up of your brain.


And, and then we go for targeting marketing to heavy users. So the, they're not gonna get me to drink a can of Coke, but they're gonna get someone who's already having Coke to try to drink a two-liter bottle. Right? And they know how to do that. And so, so the, the, the, the effects of these foods are so harmful on us. And they, they know, they know what they're doing And they, they actually design them to be this way. I mean, the tobacco companies bought a lot of the food companies back in the seventies, RJ Nabisco, Philip Morris Craft. And they, they built, they built this whole industry of ultra processed food. There's now 600,000 ultra processed food products. 80% of them are full of sugar. And, and they're, they're the things that are driving most of their things that are wrong with America. If you look at food, it's the nexus for everything.


One, obviously chronic disease, all the things we mentioned. Heart disease, diabetes, cancer, Alzheimer's, auto autoimmune diseases. I mean, just digestive disease. All the things, depression, mental health now is linked to Ultra Processed Foods. There's really well documented signs on this that these foods cause depression, anxiety. So we have all these, these, these foods that, that are, are being causing disease. Then we have the economic burden, which we've talked about the half, almost $5 trillion. We have the effect on national security because 77% of military recruits are rejected because they're unfit to fight. So we have a national security crisis, and 72% more evacuations were for obesity compared to war injuries from Iraq and Afghanistan. Think about that, you know, in a war more, more soldiers were evacuated because of obesity than because of war entries.


Academic performance. We're 30th something in the world in math and reading. We are, we are, we're where kids are suffering. Our kids are are on a DD medications. So Food makes you dumber certain Kinds of things. A hundred percent makes you cognitively impaired. Behavioral issues. I mean, there was one study, Tucker, where they, where they took, that is true. Kids in juvenile detention centers, And they gave them healthy food, swapped it out for the junk food, 97% reduction in behavioral issues and violence, 75% reduction in restraints and a hundred percent reduction in suicides, which is a third leading cause of death in teenage boys. This is, this is documented science. This is not something I'm making up. And it's, oh, I wrote it in my book, food Fix, which is really how to save our health, our economy, our communities, and our planet.


One bite at a time. And it talks about the nexus of all these issues. And then we, and then we have the effect on, on our, on our soil. We've lost so much soil. Carbon. Soil has to be healthy to grow a healthy plant. And a healthy plant is what creates healthy humans. And the nutrients and plants have gone down by 50%. So even if you're eating your broccoli, it's less nutritious than it was 50 years ago. She gotta eat twice as much. That's right. Maybe then. Yeah, You can do that. I'm about, but


still The best Christmas presents are the ones that you would give yourself. Well, this Christmas we were recommending a gift that we do give ourselves meat from Merryweather Farms in Wyoming. So about six months ago, we'd interviewed a bunch of different health specialists, doctors and nutritionists about food in the United States. And the consensus is it's not very good, particularly the meat. So we decided, let's search across the country and find a source of good, clean, tasty meat. Not all of it tastes very good. The clean stuff, by the way. So after trial and error, we settled on our all time favorite Merryweather farms and we really settled on it. So every time we have dinner with a guest before the show, which is often, we serve the exact same thing steaks for Merriweather Farms. And every single time they've been excellent. Every guest has loved them. We eat them at home and at work. So we can recommend this with total heartfelt sincerity. And this year, Merriweather Farms makes it very easy for you to send their meat as a gift. They got all kinds of gift boxes, their famous steak, including Wagyu beef roast burgers, hot dogs, beef sticks, snacks, Everything You could possibly want, You can send to your loved ones from Meriweather Farms, the address meriweather farms.com/ Tucker. Use the promo code TUCKERCHRISTMAS for a discount this year. We, we recommend it merryweather. It's M-E-R-I-W-E-T-H-E-R farms.com/ Tucker. Promo code TUCKERCHRISTMAS at checkout. Highly sincerely recommended


Pro Savings Days are back at Lowe's with limited time savings on the supplies Pros need. Get up to 40% off select major appliances. Plus save an additional $100 on every $1,000 you spend on select major appliances. And don't miss your chance to activate and earn three times the points on select DeWalt and Klein tools. Lowe's, we help you save valid. The 3 28 selection varies by location while supplies last see associate or lows.com for more details on qualifying items.


I can say to my new Samsung Galaxy S 25 Ultra, Hey, find a keto friendly restaurant nearby and text it to Beth and Steve and it does without me lifting a finger so I can get in more squats anywhere I can. 1, 2, 3. Will that be cash or credit? Credit? Four Galaxy S 25 Ultra. The AI companion that does the heavy lifting. So You can do you get yours@samsung.com compatible. Select apps require Google Gemini account results may vary based on input, check responses for accuracy.


And, and then, you know, we have also the effect on biodiversity because of all the chemicals we're using, we have 75% less pollinators, no pollinators. You know, it's hard to, hard to have agriculture. We have 50% laws in bird species familiar with growing food. We have a destruction of our waterways because we, we use fertilizer that runs off into the rivers and lakes and streams and causes eutification, which basically grows algae 'cause of the extra fertilizer. And that sucks all the oxygen outta the water and all the fish die. So there's dead zones the size of New Jersey in the Gulf of Mexico, there's 400 around the planet that feed half a billion people. So there, there's, this is all from the fertilizers, which one of uses actually 2% of the world's global energy to make fertilizer. But You don't need to do that if you use regenerative agriculture, which is what, actually, one of the things that I think this new mainstream should focus on, which is how do you fix the farming?


Because you gotta start at the field to fix food. And you know, I think Wendell Berry said it beautifully. He's a poet and a and a farmer. Amazing man. Amazing man. He said, he said, we have a health system that pay no attention to food and a food system that pays no attention to health. We need to fix that. So you've Referred a couple times to the connection between what we eat in cancer rates. Can you be a lot more precise About that? Absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah. So, so the data's really clear. You Wanna scare people into eating better. Cancer's a good way to do it. Well, well, you know, cancer is, is on the rise. And, and it, and it, you know, we, we got, You can't get over That. I thought we were gonna defeat it with our war on cancer. Yeah. Well that was Nixon. He, he wanted to, but the problem is we're, we're, we're barking up the wrong tree. If you look the, there's, there's, there's a real clear data on, on two drivers of cancer.


One is food and particularly sugar and starch. And two and two is environmental toxins, carcinogens, which are ubiquitous. We we're exposed to toxins everywhere. And we can, can reduce those. But the, the food part is really interesting because when you look at the growth of cancer cells, they feed on sugar. There's a whole metabolic theory of cancer where if you use a ketogenic diet, and this is work being done at Columbia and by Sid Mukerjee and others, ketogenic diets as a treatment for cancer to actually shut down the cancer cells. 'cause they can only feed on sugar. We are like a hybrid engine. We can go electric or, or we can go gas, we can go carbs, we can go fat. Cancer only goes sugar.


So you start the sugar and you, you kill the cancer. So the amount of sugar and flour eating is about 152 pounds of sugar per person per year. And 133 pounds of flour. That's a lot. That's almost three quarters of a pound a day of sugar and flour for every American. And what that does is it fuels the cancer cells. And so pancreatic cancer, colon cancer, breast cancer, uterine cancer, prostate cancer, even some lung cancers. And the data is documented. Go up with in, in some resistance, go up with Obesity and go up with diabetes and metabolic dysfunction. 93% of American stucker are metabolically broken. This is, this is extraordinary from the American Journal of Cardiology. And what this means is that we're somewhere on the degree of what I call diabetes city.


Diabetes city is pre-diabetes to type two diabetes. And we've, we, we, we cut off at pre-diabetes. But that's, you know, one in two Americans has pre-diabetes or type two diabetes. That's bad enough. 38% of teenage boys. I mean, when I graduated medical school, there was no type two diabetes. There was no type one diabetes. It was juvenile diabetes, which is an autoimmune disease or adult on diabetes, which is a foodborne disease. And so now we've changed the names to protect the guilty. And, and so now we see kids, really? Yeah, three, the, the names were changed. It mask The cause of type two. I mean, yeah, I mean, because kids were getting it. So how do we call it juvenile diabetes? If kids are getting type two diabetes as young as two or three years old, it's not their fault they're being fed. You know, soda and I, I once was working in an urgent care in California, in an underserved community in this woman comes in with back pain.


She's got a baby in her baby carriage And he is drinking this brown liquid. And I'm like, what is this? Seven months old? I'm like, what is that? She says, Coca-Cola. I'm like, why are you giving baby Coca-Cola? She, he likes it. I mean, this is what's happening. And so we're turning our, our our whole society into this metabolically broken society. And, and this is the driver of all the disease we're seeing, cancer, heart disease, diabetes, dementia. They're calling Alzheimer's type three diabetes because of, of how it's connected to sugar and insulin resistance. You know, I co-founded a company called Function Health, which allows people to get insights into their own biology. And what we're finding Tucker, is that, is that 96% of the people we're testing have metabolic dysfunction. 96%. 96. Yeah. So, so How do you get insight into your own biology?


What does that mean? So, so basically, you know, healthcare system is broken. And, and we, I believe that, you know, I could work for another 50 years, and maybe I'm wrong, maybe with this new administration, we'll leapfrog and things will change, which I'm very hopeful for. But we, I created a, a company with a number of other co-founders called Function Health that allows you easy access to your own blood test. It is simple, five minutes to sign up, 15 minutes to go into a Quest lab to get your labs drawn. You get over 110 biomarkers or lab tests that gives you insight into everything that's going on in your body that you're not being checked for at your regular doctor's office. You get five times more diagnostics. You look at your hormones, your metabolic health, your cardiovascular health, your nutritional health, I mean your immune health. We've seen, we've seen 46% of Americans have some degree of autoimmunity, which is crazy.


It's one of the biggest cost drivers, whether it's thyroid autoimmunity or or other autoimmunity or pre autoimmunity. We're seeing 67% have nutritional deficiencies. And these are the lab reference ranges that are Quest. These are not, these are not what I would think at optimal. So vitamin D for example, should be over 50, 45, 50. The reference range is 30, but still we've got a huge amount of people deficient at that level. And when you're under 30, your risk of getting sick and dying of covid is 70% higher. If your vitamin D is over 50, your risk of death is zero compared to the looking at the Israeli 'cause that's a a dumb question. No dumb question. So a basic question. So you get blood, your, your company does this Yeah, maybe others do it. But you get a blood test. Yeah.


You get all these markers, all these measurements of what's in your blood. How do you know what they mean? Well, that's great question. So we, we really, you know, used the technology to help us build a database of the almost up-to-date scientific information informed by all the scientific literature. And you have a clear description of what every biomarker means. So if you insulin or blood sugar or your cholesterol particles are abnormal or you have positive autoimmune antibodies, we tell you what it means, why it happens, what the root causes are. Not necessarily just what traditional medicine thinks, but what what the new science thinks around root causes. We give you all the self-care i i things You can do yourself to optimize your health so You can upgrade your biology with the insights from scientific literature, from knowledge experts.


We've, we've brought in the top scientists and doctors to help inform the content. So it's like having a thousand doctors in your pocket. Remember the iPod was a thousand songs in your pocket. Yeah. This is a thousand doctors in your pocket. And it, and it gives you the ability to do self-care. And like I said, diabetes isn't cured in the doctor's office. It's cured in the kitchen. And, and that's really what most chronic diseases can be fixed. And I, I see this over and over after doing it for 30 years, I've written almost 20 books. And, and what I see is when people follow the guidance without having to go to the healthcare system, they can correct these things And they can fix these things. Really? Yes. It's quite amazing Tucker. And by these things, diabetes, Famously diabetes, reversible heart disease's, reversible Alzheimer's. Now Richard Isaacson has done amazing work showing how we can reverse Alzheimer's using aggressive lifestyle interventions.


But I mean, what Yes, this is, this is incredible data. I I just wanna speak up as a non-doctor, we know for a fact that Alzheimer's is incurable. Nothing can make it better. Well, that's actually not true. I know, but I've been told that a lot. So I'm just Yeah, of course. Of course. Because you know, the, we've spent, this is a great example. We've spent about $2 billion and over 400 studies trying to find drugs for Alzheimer's and nothing has worked. The drugs that are approved are extremely expensive, have marginal benefit, lot of side effects, and cost a huge amount of money and may delay your entry into a nursing home by two or three months. That's a win. That's not very good. Now there's a couple of trials that have been done, the finger trial out in Europe and in the pointer trial, which is emerging, that showed aggressive lifestyle intervention, diet, exercise, managing stress, sleep, optimizing all your risk factors, was able to not just slow the progression of Alzheimer's and dementia, but to reverse it, this is published data.


This is not my opinion. Richard Isaacson also has published this data and, and it's, and so by and now using biomarkers and we can actually test with function soon, will be adding biomarkers for Alzheimer's. So now there's blood tests for bio, for, for Alzheimer's. So You don't have to wait until you forget your keys. And also for cancer, you're asking about cancer. We do a multi canncer Wait, at What age is Alzheimer's detectable and blood test? That's A great question. So on imaging, which is very expensive and difficult and nothing Brain imaging. Yeah, brain imaging. You can see the changes up to 30 years before you get Alzheimer's as a symptom with blood tests. It's, it's not as, as far as that, we're still figuring out, you know, what, what those times are. But You can see start these proteins start to develop in the blood that, that indicate there's something happening and You can then intervene early.


And the thing about Alzheimer's is, is that it's, if you intervene early, You can have an incredible benefit to help slow the progression and, and delay it and actually reverse it. And I've seen this in my patients. I wrote a book about this, the UltraMind solution, 15 years ago, the Al Breen's written a book called the l Valance End of Alzheimer's and documenting that we had to get through root causes. Is NIH on This? No, they're not on. And this is what drives Me crazy. I don't understand. This Is, so that's what I'm saying. We spent so much money, we've gotten really no results Because I don't think you're a crackpot. But if no, I mean here you are sitting on camera saying no, Alzheimer's is reversible. Yeah. Like that. Talk about a headline. Why isn't that in the New York Times? Good Fricking question. No, I'm serious though. Good fricking question. So either you're crazy or they're dishonest. Yeah, I I think, I think it's, it's, it's a med it's a medical paradigm shift.


You know, think is most, most doctors are in a world is flat world. They don't understand that the world is round. We've shifted a paradigm scientifically from a, a disease-based diagnostic system to understanding the body as an integrated ecosystem. And so the work of people like Leroy Hood from the Institute for Systems Biology, his pheno project is mapping out how our understanding of disease is completely wrong. It's based on labeling people according to symptoms and where it is in their body rather than on mechanisms and causes. So I wrote a book called Young Forever, which is about longevity. We talked about, I think last time I was on your show and, and in the book I talk about the scientists who come up with this model of what are the root causes of aging?


'cause we think aging is just, it's gonna happen inevitable. We're gonna get sick, we're gonna get older, we're gonna get frail, we're gonna get weak. And they've identified the underlying biology behind that. So if we cured heart disease and cancer from the face of the planet, we might extend life five to seven years. You can get the same thing with meaning and purpose or playing tennis. But if you actually dealt with the hallmarks of aging, the things that really go wrong, inflammation, mitochondrial or nutrition, you, You can act and your microbiome, all the things that underlie disease, you could extend life by 30 or 40 years, which means living to 120, which is a crazy notion. Right? So we now understand biology in a very different way than we did before. And it hasn't translated into the clinic. And so why, why I co-founder function health with my co-founders was to help accelerate this gap to kind of leapfrog over this ossified system.


But we need to change it. But it's just kind of crazy what you're saying. If you take three steps back, I mean, it's like the whole point of medicine I presumed was to extend and improve life. Yes. Right. To keep you from dying. Yeah. Doctors are keep you healthier and make you happier. Yeah. And so if there is science that shows that that's possible Yeah. And everyone's ignoring it, then I'm trying not to use profanity, but like what is that? Yeah. Well it's a good question because the, we have a, we have a, a illness, medical, industrial food ag complex that profits off of people being sick. But So you write a book saying, or someone else, other several doctors write books saying, I can show that Alzheimer's is reversible. Yeah. And what is every other doctor in America? 'cause they just don't read the book.


They haven't heard of it. Like Yeah. What, Yeah, they just, it's like, That's kind of a provocative thesis. Yeah. 'cause I think of Alzheimer's as like AIDS in 1986. Like it's the worst thing. Oh, it's big. It's big And there's nothing You can do about it. No, it's, it's, it's, Do You remember that with aids? A hundred percent. It's scary as hell. And the scariest, it's scary as hell. Yeah. And, and, and I can tell you that it's, this is is, this is not my opinion. I'm, you know, I was at Cleveland Clinic, I worked with Marvin Saba when he was there. He was the head of the Dementia research center. He understood this, he understood these mechanisms, these biology, the sciences there, but there's no funding for it. Because what are we talking about Tucker? We're talking about providing lifestyle interventions. That they're intensive. That people need support, they need to change their diet, they need to exercise, they need to optimize their sleep, they need to manage stress. They need to take the right nutritional supplements. They need to modify their risk factors aggressively.


This requires a very different reimbursement system. We don't have evidence-based medicine, Tucker. We have reimbursement based medicine. Doctors do what they get paid to do, not what the right thing is. The right treatment for diabetes is not more drugs or ozempic the right treatment is diet. You know, we, we, So it sounds like doctors aren't really in control. I mean they're they're doing The best they can. You know, they, But they're responding to forces bigger than themselves. Yeah. They, They, you know, the, we medical education's a great example. Like, you know, doctors graduating, you know, in the fifties or forties we're dealing with infectious disease and acute care medicine. And we have The best acute care medicine system in the world. Far none. If you're, if you have an acute infection, if you have sepsis, if you need icu, you're In a car crash.


Yeah. If You're a car crash, damn right. I'm gonna the hospital. But that system doesn't work for chronic illness. And that's what we're facing now. And so the 80% of the conditions that doctors are seeing are chronic diseases for which drugs are not the right therapy. Most of the time they can be helpful as adjuncts. But the fundamental drivers of our chronic disease epidemic is the food we're eating. And, and also environmental toxins that are adding to that. And when you add those two things together, it explains most of the chronic disease epidemic. It's just, I mean, a lot of smart people you included, you're definitely one of the earliest but are saying varieties of what you're saying now. Yeah. So I mean it was, you know, 30 years ago or so that the Congress hauled the heads of the tobacco companies, Reynolds and Phil Morris and Laurel Ard and humiliated them on camera and like you knew you were hurting people, you did it anyway.


That's right. Is that gonna happen with Nabisco anytime soon? I Mean there, there are, there are class action lawsuits that are being now raised around these companies to look at holding them accountable for what they're doing. And they know, And there there's been foer requests and information requests that I actually wrote about in my book that, that show their nefarious behavior, for example, targeting minorities and targeting poor income, lower income people to, to focus on buying more junk food. Well The food stamp program is a perfect example of that. Yeah. I mean, it's kind of crazy Tucker when you think about it. You know, when the American taxpayers paying through the nose for everything all the way along, the companies are privatizing profits and we're socializing the cost. So, so we basically fund the growth of commodity crops with $20 billion of subsidies in crop insurance for corn, wheat, and soy for the farmers, which puts them in a really tight bond.


'cause they can't change their system without support changing to a more I understand regenerative system that they're gonna make more money, they're gonna grow better food, they're gonna have, you know, better resuscitation of their rural economies, you know, and not hopefully commit suicide at the rate they're doing. We pay for that and then we pay for those foods, for our, our SNAP programs. So we have about 125 billion in snap, which is our, our food stamp program. It's supplemental nutrition assistance, but there's no end in there. It's just food security, which means calories. So they Right. When you, when you get your EBT benefits in the beginning of the month, the these food companies know how to advertise in the bodega. So they'll get your two liter bottle of Coke with your EBT And they put these giant ads in there And they know exactly when they're getting their cart.


So we, we basically fund, so You can buy Coca-Cola, 75% of the food bought on Snap is is junk food, 10% is soda. So you think about $12 billion on soda the Americans paying, why Would soda be federal? Why would, if we're giving out nutritional assistance to the poor, why would we pay for soda? What A what an obvious question, Tucker. Yeah. It's, But that's just crazy. It's crazy. It's crazy. And we know that If you wanted to hurt the poor, you would do that. I mean, we know beyond a doubt, and you know, we can talk about Ultra Processed Foods. There's argument system that way in this way. But the food industry will say, oh, it's, it's, we're gonna take away people's choice. We're gonna take away convenience, we're gonna take away affordability, we're gonna make food less safe, but we don't alter process food.


These are their talking points. It's not all, it's all about calories. It's not moderation. So You can have, you know, sodas part of your diet as long as you don't exceed your calories, it's basically your fault that you're fat. So you fix it. That's the messaging, right? It's the messaging from every food industry, sort of get it message from every professional association message from the medical sort of, But that doesn't mean that we have to pay for it. Why are we Paying for it? Well, that's it. So we pay, we pay for probably 30 billion or more servings of soda for the poor every year. And then we pay for, The taxpayers are sending all this money to Coca-Cola. The biggest profit center in America for Coca-Cola is 20% of their profits is snap food stamps. Walmart gets, I don't know, so something like, you know, 40 billion of that food stamp bill.


I mean, it's, it's crazy. And and we pay, we pay on the other. Is that, are Those numbers real? Yeah, I can get you the, I can get you the Walmart numbers, but yeah, it, it's, it's, it's really high. And then we, and then we, we have That's shocking To pay for Medicare, Medicaid on the back end when people get sick from those foods and then we pay all the other costs. So You pay the Coca-Cola and the Ozempic. Yeah. I mean listen, the price we paid the Checkout, the Pop-Tarts and the insulin, I Mean That's right. The pop the check, the price you paid the checkout can counter is not the true cost of food. The true cost of food. The Rockefeller Foundation to report is for every dollar spent on food that's three of dollars in collateral damage. Yeah. To health Pay for the crack and the rehab. Yeah, Exactly. It's totally nuts. Pay For the hookers and the horse.


And we could fix this, you know, it's totally nuts. We could fix it nuts. We could fix this. And you know, Andy Harris, you know, who's a, who's a a congressman, wanted to do a simple pilot study just to pilot study to see what would happen if we eliminated soda from food stamp benefits in a couple of locations just to, just to monitor the impact on the health of those people. And, And he couldn't get it through as a, as a pilot, not to change the entire USC policy, just as a pilot study. So imagine how anti-science this is, this is truly anti-science. So it, It's just, I really believe in naming and shaming It works. Yeah. Just call people out. Yeah. You know, bring some sunlight in and let them defend it, you know. Exactly. So I'd love to know who's behind that. And by the way, I'm not saying you shouldn't be allowed to buy Coca-Cola.


I'm saying I don't wanna pay for it. Right. You know, That's fair, isn't it? A hundred percent. I mean, we, the government of the United States should not be funding the, the chronic disease epidemic, which they currently are. They are, they are. They're either by policies that were put in, you know, that were innocent or by mal, But it's so perfect. It's like when I learned that we were funding ISIS in Syria, I was like, that's kind of perfect, actually. Like both sides are taking American Money. Yeah, yeah. It's, it's kind of crazy. But we, we have the opportunity to change that. For example, wic, which is Women Infants and Children's food program, is based on only allowing people to buy food that's gonna be healthy for the mother and child. Why not apply that to wic?


You know, why not school standards being changed so that actually kids can have healthy food in schools? Well, I know that, that I think WIC is like the center of profit for the formula makers, isn't it? Yeah. Well, they, that's true. That's another problem. But yeah, for example, in Chile they outlawed formula marketing for kids. They outlawed the advertising to kids. They got rid of all the junk food in schools. They put in front of pack labeling. Why would the federal taxpayers be included? You included Be paying for baby formula. Why would we be encouraging formula over breast milk? Well, It's a huge industry. I mean, it's all in, it's, it's really, it's, it's, you know, there's a, a group from the WHO has has put together some initial papers and it's coming out with report next year about the commercial determinants of health, which is how multinational and transnational corporations in food and ag and alcohol, tobacco are essentially driving our chronic disease epidemic.


And they're privatizing the profits, subverting public health and socializing the costs. And the governments are the ones who are struggling with this. And so, so there are many other countries, but the Governments are paying for it. Their Governments are paying for it. And they, and you look at the healthiest countries, they're the ones like Japan and Singapore and Spain, Italy. They, they actually have policies that are protecting their citizens, that are educating 'em about food that are not allowing the same, how about Just don't pay for it. I mean, let's, we can start there.


So Christmas is coming and winter is coming. And that's the perfect combination for Cozy Earth. Cozy Earth is a company that makes exactly what it sounds like products that are close to the earth and that are quite cozy. And you should consider them this Christmas. They have The best sheets available. They're made out of bamboo, believe it or not. And it's hard to believe how great they are until you try them. We have, And they are great. They're a great fit for everybody in your shopping list. What sets them apart? Well, their fabrics are temperature regulating. That means they keep you cool and cozy or warm and cozy depending on the temperature. And they have a 10 year warranty. So if anything goes wrong with your sheets, you get free ones. Go to cozy earth.com/ Tucker, use our promo code Tucker for up to 40% off and if they ask, tell you, tell them The Tucker Carlson Show sent you. Everyone here uses those sheets and love


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. Put on price. They have my favorite brand. It's like a new, I'm saving so much. Yeah. Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great brands? You'll love the deals. You'll love Burlington. I told you so.


And it does raise like some pretty interesting questions. The smartest thing I've heard this year, I think it's a common phrase now, is that the point of the system is its outcome. So if you're wondering about motive, look at what the system produces. Yeah. And that describes the motive. Yeah. Right. We don't have to guess. Yeah. Like, so if governments are making their citizens more unhealthy Yeah. I, I think we can assume that they want that outcome. No, they don't. They don't. They, they, this has been the frog and boiling water slowly. That's hit them so fast. 'cause Oh yeah. Bring, bring all these fast food companies, bring all these American companies in to help us with our food, nutrition. Let's get fast food everywhere. It's kind of the, kind of the Americanization of the world.


Right? We basically created the worst that in the planet and export it to every country in the world. Oh, I've, I've Noticed. And, and, and we see now, even in the developing world, there's this, they call it the double, they call it the double burden of disease, chronic disease and infectious disease. So they're dying of diabetes and tuberculosis. They're dying of diabetes and malaria. I Hate to say it, but I've traveled a lot of countries this year. And The best food I had in any country was in a country under such severe US sanctions that know us companies could There You go. Operate. I'm not gonna name the country, but I'm just saying. There you go. Yeah. I don't wanna be too controversial. Yeah. And it makes me sad. You Controversial Tucker. Well, it makes me, I mean, I'm, You always color in the lines. I, I think of myself as, as a truly a loyal American. I'm all in on America. I'm never leaving.


But to go to a country whose food is amazing, best I've ever had in my whole life. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And it also happens that that country has no American food of any kind. 'cause it's not allowed. Yeah. Maybe there's a connection. Maybe There's a connection. Yeah. So exactly. And so, so these, these, these countries have been unwittingly participating in what they thought was growth in economic development. But what it's done is sicken their populations. And, and so now that a lot, a lot of these countries are, are standing up, like the UK just banned advertising of junk food. France has clear labeling on their front of package to make it really clear what you're eating. You know, chili in South America, you go there and there's been just warning signs on the front of labels. They've done all these policies that have actually been studied and worked. So we have, we have cover in the United States.


Why should we be allowing things in, in the United States? So we don't, these other countries have determined our, our state what He's paying for. Let's just stop paying for it. You know, people are into some weird self-destructive behavior. I'm not interested in rooting it out or showing up at your house, making sure you're not Doing it. Absolutely. No, no, no. People should be informed. But I definitely don't wanna pay for It. No, we should, how should I Have to pay? So, well, people should Be informed and we should be not having to pay for it. I, yes. Yeah. And, you know, government procurement, $166 billion the government spends on food for military, for correctional facility, for schools, for everything. When you look at the fat bill, do you know how much that could change the food system if we, we said, based on these set of nutritional principles, which are I think well accepted in the nutritional science community of being, what is food?


If we just followed that and didn't pay for all the junk food and the ultra processed food, we just took that out, it would change the food system in America. Well, yeah, because, because all the industry would change. If you take $166 billion outta the food economy and say, we're only buying healthy food from farmers that produce healthy food, it's gonna change everything from field to fork. These are simple things that the government can do that's easy and that you know Well Yeah. Because they control it. Yeah. So people I know I've known a lot of people who go to prison more now than ever. Mm. And they get fat in prison. A lot Of 'em. Oh, yeah. Oh yeah. Is that, I assume that's 'cause of the food is Oh, of course. I mean, in prisons, they did another study I mentioned about the juvenile detention centers. They swapped out prisoners food for healthy food, And they found there was a 56% reduction in violent crime in the prisons and an 80% reduction if they added a multivitamin.


So all, there's so much nutritional deficiencies in, in, in countries like Japan, they put people on a super healthy diet in prison, and all their violent behavior goes down. It's pretty amazing. Really? Yeah, it's really interesting. Yeah. Their diet's totally different on like a macrobiotic, like very kind of like healthy diet that gets them completely reset. And we know, we know the mental health crisis also. Why, Why don't we do that since it's a captive population? We should, we can, I mean, the problem is the, the, the, the, this is a a a very, I don't wanna sound conspiratorial, but I'm telling you, there is a, a, a very loose organization of, of industries that are working together to keep the system status quo. They don't want changes in our agricultural subsidies.


They don't want changes in farming practices. They don't want changes in how we fund snap. They don't want changes in how we reimburse healthcare. They don't want changes in our food labeling. They don't want changes in ingredients that are in our food. This, you know, this is, this is stuff that's so entrenched that's it's essential for their, for their profits and their success. But We are, but I mean, prisons, if you think about it, have been used as, because it is captive the population of a prison. They've been used as, you know, testing populations for syphilis. Oh, there was that And there was that in vaccine and LSD. Right. All kinds of horrible shit. And you feel so sorry for the men who had to endure that. Yeah. Why not use prison? I'm not sure the LSD was bad for them, but, Well, you know, Whitey Bulger was the, was at Alcatraz.


Yeah. Whitey Bulger, the, you know, the head of the Winter Hill gang in Boston, a mass murderer. And he got dosed really hard with LSD at Alcatraz in the early sixties. Yeah. And wound up effectively a serial killer. And his brother didn't Oh, geez. And wound up the most po powerful politician in Massachusetts. That's incredible. So I'm just saying I bet, You know, maybe, maybe flip them. But Anyway, here's the point. Why not use prisons as a, a kind of federal prisons as a national test? Yep. For the outcome of the diet you're suggesting. Yeah, you could do that. I mean, you could do that. I mean, there, there were studies that were done in mental institutions years ago, but there's ethics. And so that informed consent. Really? Yeah. Not feeding People Oreos is unethical. Like What?


Yeah, yeah, yeah. Well, I, I think you're right, Tucker. I mean, the, the ethical considerations are really around informed consent medicine. So we Gave them syphilis. You can't, again, okay. It's okay to take scenarios away now. Now there's rules about this. No, and I'm just saying like, But we could, we could, we couldn't get informed consent. We could ask them, we pay them 15 cents an hour to work. I mean, they're prisoners. They can't vote. They can't own firearms. They can't, yeah. Yeah. No. See Their wives like, everything about it is horrible. Why, why wouldn't you use the opportunity to improve their health? I a hundred percent agree. And I, I think we need to do that every, at every sector of society where the government has a hand, school, lunches, the military, all our federal food programs, these, these are easy interventions. But, but the food industry blocks it by huge lobbying efforts in Washington, you know, in my nonprofit food fix campaign, which is really about educating and advocating for policy change to really improve the health of Americans.


We met where there were 150 Senator and congressmen, both sides of the aisle. And everybody seems to get this issue And they're not hearing about it. And they're starting to hear about it because people like me are talking about it. But I'm just one guy. I have a little nonprofit. I'm not funded by industry. I don't have any like, conflicts of interest. And I'm just trying to, you know, what are The big lobbies? Everyone says the big food lobby. What companies is That? I mean, you've got the American Beverage Association, you've got, you know, all the, you know, the pharmaceutical lobby groups, you've got all the Ag lobby groups. I mean, collectively, they're the biggest group of lobbyists in Washington exceeding all the other lobbying. And, and they're very powerful And they control a lot of what happens in Washington. I, I, I detailed a lot of this in my book Food Fix, where Junior Bin are funded by Coca-Cola or these big companies, And they fund both sides.


They fund everybody. Of course they do. You know, and so they're, they've got a lot of it locked up and, and they're, they're miseducating. It's the misinformation and miseducation of our policy makers and, and government officials, because they're only hearing one side of the story. They come in with their briefing books, with their scientific papers, with their justification, with their regulations written, with the legislation written. And they literal literally give it to them. I've been in Congressman Senator's office, said, this is amazing, mark, could you write the legislation for me? I'm like, what? I don't know how to do that. I mean, I have people on my team who probably do that. Yeah. But it's like, it was sort of a, it was sort of a startling kind of revelation that, that, that, that people in Congress need help And they need guidance. Oh, of course. Need direction.


And they of course, And they, they're overwhelmed too. And they're overwhelmed and they're good people And they wanna do the right thing, and they're not hearing the other side of the story. And so when you lay it out for them, they're like, that was with Senator Busman from Arkansas. He's a great guy. And he iss like, yeah, I'm seeing the changes in my rural community. I've seen what's happening on the farms. I'm seeing the, the, the degradation of these, and I'm seeing the processed food. I've seen what affects my population, you know, and, And he, he gets it. And he wouldn't let me outta his office for 45 minutes, usually get like a senator pops in hi. Five minutes in, in and out. But it was incredible conversation. And I've seen this with Randy Finra who's really interested in regenerative agriculture. I've seen this, you know, on the democratic side with people like Cory Booker and Jim and Richard Neil and James McGovern, who are trying to advocate for food policies. So Roger Marshall and Cassidy, both doctors fully in on this stuff.


So there's so many allies in Congress on both sides of the aisle that are sort of sick and tired of how this thing is going and realize we can't continue to do what we're doing. And I think Tucker, we have a historic opportunity with, with Trump and Bobby Kennedy and Dr. Oz now is the head of CMS and other people, I think unbelievable. Hopefully Casey means will be surgery general, I hope. General. I hope so. I hope so. You know, I think, I think we, we can, we can have a shift in the thinking and educate America just like we we did with smoking. And we can win. It's Just so funny that the, I mean, whatever life is irony. Everything is irony. But the Big Mac president is ushering in. It's just crazy. Oh no. I'm saying come all People, but, but it, it makes sense. Right. It's incredible. Johnson was one of the biggest bigots. He signed the Civil Rights Act.


Yeah, that's fair. Reagan was the most staunch anti-communist. He's the one who ended the Cold War. So there's a, there's a historical fact. No, That's very deep. What you're saying is deep. No, that is the way life is actually. It's the opposite of what you expect. Yeah. And, and I've talked to Trump about it And he he means it. Yeah. You know, he's, I would say Bobby Kennedy is one of the nominees he's proudest of. Yeah. He hasn't backed down at all. I think Bobby's gonna get confirmed. I want to ask you about the thing for which Bobby is most famous, but I, I don't wanna say the word because YouTube will monetize this. You're not even allowed even now. Yeah. YouTube biggest company, most powerful company in the world. Google has a, an AI program that will literally knock out your video if you use the V word.


Yeah. So let's call it the shot. Okay. The V word, if you don't mind the V Word. The V word. Not the good V word. The bad, the bad V word. So, Bobby Kennedy became infamous 15 or 20 years ago when he wrote a piece in Rolling Stone, suggesting that, I mean, he just got exiled from America, basically for suggesting that the shot might cause really bad outcomes, health outcomes in children. Yep. I never hear anybody bring that up anymore. Yeah. Have we accepted that there may be truth in that. Well, listen, I think, you know, we get, we get sort of religion around certain topics in medicine. Yes. And I don't understand this, you know, medicine is supposed to be about science.


Yes. It's about, that's what I thought about asking questions. Yeah. And to say a subject is settled and we need no more science doesn't make any sense. Like, aspirin's a great example. We thought aspirin was the greatest thing on, on the planet earth, that everybody should get an aspirin to prevent a heart attack. But as we start to look at the data very carefully, we saw that, gee, no, actually it increases the risk of certain problems like brain hemorrhage and gastrointestinal bleeding and death. And 30,000 people die every year from taking aspirin for prevention of heart attacks. What? Yeah. I didn't even know that. Right. So, so I, and I, I thought you're supposed to take a baby aspirin every day. Well, That's right. But it causes, it's, it's, it causes bleeding. It, it thins your blood. That's why it's good for preventing heart attacks, but also can make you have a brain hemorrhage or, you know, a gut plate.


And so the, now the guidelines have been revised and it's not recommended for everybody. Only certain high risk populations. Right. And, and yet we change our mind based on the data. We look at the science, we, we, we update our data. The v word is, you know, listen, I'm just gonna say it. I think vaccines are one of the greatest advances in medicine in history. They, they have eradicated many serious diseases. Polio, smallpox, you know, I mean, I was in Haiti during the earthquake, and I was working at the journal hospital there, And there was a guy with tetanus. And I, I'd never seen a full-blown case of tetanus before. It was one of the worst things I'd ever seen. What is That? I don't know. Tetanus is, is, you know, when you step on a rusty nail, right? Lock jaw, they used to call It Yeah. Lock jaw. But you like, basically go into total paralysis.


Like your body's in a con, it's like one big giant spasm and you can't get out of it. And you like, basically have to give them IVs and oxygen and hope they survive. And there's tetanus, antitoxin, but it's, it, we were, it was the worst thing I'd ever seen. So, so vaccines have a role. And, and the problem is, is that A tetanus shot is a vaccine. Yeah. Tetanus shot is a vaccine. I didn't know that. Yeah. Polio is a vaccine. Of course. Well, famously, yeah. But a tetanus shot is a vaccine. Yeah, it's a vaccine. Yeah. You're supposed to get every 10 years. Yeah. And you know, diptheria, there's some really good things we've done in medicine to reduce a lot of the childhood illnesses and childhood deaths. Yes. Measles. Th this, this is, this is, vaccines aren't a problem. Problem is that we need to study long-term safety and efficacy of these drugs like any other drug.


You know, one of the problems with medicine is that is, and I think this was a huge failure during covid, and I think Bobby was right about this. You know, we, we, we did not actually give the American public the benefit, doubt that they were smart enough to understand the nuances around this treatment. So they said vaccines are safe, they're effective. Well, not really like any drug, it's sort of safe and it can be effective. Right? Aspirin is effective for certain things, but it also has side effects, right? And so vaccines work to prevent the, the mortality rates and reduce death rates and reduce the severity of infection. But it didn't prevent infection. And that was very clearly early on.


And the, the, there's this concept called sterile immunity versus disease immunity. Sterile immunity is you get a measles shot when you're a kid, you never need it again. You're your sterile. You're never gonna get measles. The flu vaccine you have to get every year, 'cause it, you basically don't get permanent immunity. You get sort of a reduction in the risk of disease. That's what the covid vaccine was. So it reduced the risk, but it didn't prevent from getting it. It didn't prevent transmission. And it also has side effects. And we were pushing on young kids and now the data's really clear. It caused increased myocarditis, heart inflammation. So what we need is just good science. And I think this is all Bobby's asking for. He's not anti-vaccine. He's been vaccinated. I've been vaccinated. We vaccinated our kids.


I think it's propaganda that say he's an anti-vaxxer. That's really just a way of dismissing him. But I think we have to understand that we just need to do good science. And that's all he is asking for. He recently come out and said, he's not taking we vaccines. He's pro-vaccine. He wants good science. And I think that's what we need around everything. Well, I mean this, and it's, whether it's Alzheimer's or whether it's diabetes or whether it's whatever it is, we're studying the wrong things.


Now, We've told you before about a staff favorite here at TCN, the Eight Sleep pod. What is it? It's a high tech mattress that's, we talk about over lunch here, our mattresses, because this one is excellent high tech. It's a cover. It goes right over your existing bed. Well, this Christmas, You can get it for The best price of the year up to 600 bucks off. The Eight Sleep pod works by adjusting the temperature warmer or cooler, depending on your preference. And it maintains an I ideal sleeping network. All night long, and you might not know this, but through different phases of sleep Every night your body's needs change. Sometimes you want it warmer, sometimes colder. That's why you throw the sheets off. So why you pull them around you other parts of the night? You don't have to do that anymore with Eight Sleep because it automatically keeps things exactly where you want them throughout your entire night's sleep. What's called the sleep cycle. And it's been studied, it's clinically proven to increase quality sleep time Every night. That improves your recovery time from physical exertion, makes you a little sharper, makes your health better. It learns and adapts to your sleep patterns over time. And it automatically adjusts temperatures throughout the night through each phase of your sleep. And it does this independently for up to two people in a bed. So each person can have a tailor-made sleep. It really helps people here. Absolutely love it. Eight Sleep. Go to Eight Sleep dot com slash Tucker. Use the promo code Tucker to get up to 600 bucks off the Pod for Ultra. You can try it with no obligation for 30 days. If you don't like it, just send it back. That's Eight Sleep dot com slash Tucker. Better sleep.


Truly The new KFC dunk it bucket with juicy original recipe tenders. New mashed potato poppers, crispy fries, plus three sauces that fit right on top of the lid. So You can dunk anywhere. You can dunk at the game dunk while security points to the no outside food sign and dunk as 20,000 people watch you and your dunk it bucket get removed from the stadium dunk almost anywhere with the new $7 KFC dunk it bucket. Or get the double dunk it bucket for 25. Prices and participation vary while supplies last, taxes, tips and fees extra.


Why do you think it became verboten to ask any questions about this one category of medicine? That's a very good question. I don't know the answer to that. There Was a religious fervor that scared me. I didn't understand. Yeah, I have exactly the same view that you just articulated on the subject. I don't, I'm not a zealot either way. Yeah. But the zealotry was a hundred percent on the other side and it was really scary. It ended friendships at divided families. Yes. It's like I've never seen anything like it. Yeah. What was that? I, I think, I think, you know, as a public health effort, you know, you know, I understand the public health mission, which is to sort of work on the health of the entire population. And so you're willing to kind of simplify things and put out messaging that may not be completely scientific in order to get people to do stuff.


Right. Which is what happened during covid. Oh, You lied to manipulate people. Well, That, yeah. You can't do that same World. No, but I Think, I think lying is wrong, Period. Think we need informed consent. We, I mean, you listen, when You can prescribe a drug as a doctor, you're supposed to say, if I give you this drug, here's the benefits and here's the risks. You know, it's, it's really clear. We're supposed to do that in medicine. It's called informed consent. We're Required to do that, I thought. Yeah. And we should have informed consent so people understand, here's the benefit, here's a risk and You can decide for yourself. But why would, I mean, of course, everything became in the political politically charged year of 2020, election year became super partisan. Okay. So there's that. Yeah. But it was, he was deeper than that. 'cause Trump was out there. He was pro-vaccine.


Yeah. And then the Biden people, of course, are pro-vaccine, but the media take became like, I've never seen that level of intolerance. Like no, anybody who asked any question was not just wrong or misinformed, but evil and no, it's deserving of death. No. As a doctor. Is that the view of, of doctors? Like anyone who questions this? Should I, yeah, it's quite As like, what is That? It's quite astounding, Tucker. It's one of those areas in medicine where it's become a religion and you can't question it. But Why was that the case when you were in medical school? Not really. Like, I, I just, I don't understand what happened. I think there was a, there there was a sense that, that, you know, we're being not given this whole story and the whole truth. And I think this is true, and I think most people don't know this.


Well, Whenever they attack you for asking questions Yeah. Then You can be certain you're not getting the whole Story. Absolutely. And you know, and people have attacked me. There's, there's this group called the American Council and Science and Health, which has gone after me. And they're, they're basically funded by Monsanto and pesticide companies and, and pharma and the tobacco companies and the fast food companies. And so they, they, you know, like I'm, I'm pretty vocal about this. They Sound like a fun Group. Yeah. And they, And they sound great. And this is one of their strategies. So, so the, the way in which the food, and you asked how this has happened, it's, it's not by accident. So the food industry and the industry have deliberately set up a series of actions and strategies across all sectors of society to take over the narrative. One, they fund most of the research. So there's, there's 12 times as much research quote on nutrition from food industry.


In other words, the American Beverage Association does a study on artificial sweeteners. They find they're fine And they don't, you've got, they do a study on soda, they find it doesn't cause obesity. Right. That's kind of garbage science. And there's eight to 50 times more likely to show a benefit for their product if they're funding it. So they take over the research numbers structure, they, they take over the professional associations. The American Heart Association raises $192 million a year from pharma and food, American Diabetes Association, academy, nutrition, dietetics, all the major professional associations, which we think are independent, giving us independent advice are fun and, and co-opted by these. And I, I mean, it's, it's, that's, I went to what About the autism groups? Because I always wondered there's been this massive increase in autism.


I don't know what's causing it. It's not genetic. No, that's not true. It's not because we broadened the classification of autism. No, that's, No, it's not better than just gender detection. It's a thousand percent. I mean, I, right, okay. Right. So, and it's a, it's a life ending crisis. Like Yeah. It went from one in 2,500 to one in 26 kids, 20, 39 kids. Of Course, we all know people who have autistic children. And that's, it's really is a tragedy. So there are all these autism groups and they're all, they're incredibly pompous and self-righteous. Yeah. But all of them have sort of shot down the idea that like, we should ask any questions about where this comes from? Well, not all of them. They, some are asking, The big ones have Yeah, Of course. I know someone who worked one. I was like, what, what's causing this? Shut Up. That's right. It's like you work At an autism group, why aren't you interested? Exactly. I mean, this is, So who's funding them?


Do you know? We should take A close look. I don't, I don't know. But, but, but there's autism groups and then they fund not only professional associations, not only they fund nutrition research, but they obviously also create these, these front groups like the American Council and Science and Health and Crop Life and all these nice sounding things. American Council and Science and Health sounds very legitimate. It sounds legitimate. And you look at these guys, how these guys were in jail. Are you against science and Health One? No, but one of these guys was like in jail for Medicare fraud for $8 million. You look at, these guys are criminals. Well, he Knows a lot about science and health. Yeah, exactly. And so, and then, and then I'm serious. I'm serious. So they, and then they fund social groups. So this get this Tucker, they fund like the NAACP and the Hispanic Federation. Oh, I, Oh, I'm aware of this. And, and I, I was, I was so Al Sharpton, that's where he got his suits taken money.


That's Right. And I was, I was with Bernie King at the, at in, in Washington in Atlanta. Nice woman. Yeah. We were gonna show the movie Fed Up, which is about childhood Obesity and how our sugar industry was causing this and food was causing this. And, and she said, non-violence is just not non-violence to others, but it's non-violence to yourself. And I think this is important and I want to show this film in the King Center. So I said, great. And so few days later she called me back and said, mark can't do it. I said, why? Coca-Cola funds the King Center. Oh. And Obesity's not a problem in the black community, You know, if you look at evil at the African Americans in the sixties, they were healthier than white Americans. If you look at that movie, amazing Grace with Aretha Franklin.


Oh, I know. It's a great movie. She was thin. And every black person in that congregation in Oakland in 1970 was thin. And now 85% of African American women are overweight. This is, It was LA I think Not Oakland Really? Was it LA Okay. When She recorded the gospel album? I think it was, yeah. It was the amazing Grace. It, I, I don't remember, was a great documentary. Oh, it's the most incredible album too. So they fund social groups to help oppose things that they don't want, like soda taxes. Or they fund, like the Children's Hospital of Philadelphia, which is one of the premier children's hospital. Chop Chop was going to actually come out in favor of a soda tax. But Coca-Cola gave them $10 million And they, they pull back. This is the kind of stuff they do. They have, they, they, they fund science.


They co-op professional associations. They fund, you know, the social groups. They create front groups and they're huge lobbyists. And so they very deliberate in how they do this. In fact, it was, it was illegal. They got a huge lawsuit against it from Secretary of, of that Attorney General of Washington State, because they colluded a lot of the food industry groups colluded to fight against GM labeling, which they wanted to do in Washington. Now, America and Syria are the only countries that don't allow GM O labeling. We, it's a pretty good company. Syria's Got bigger problems. I mean, China And Russia, you know, are transparent about this. And they're not known for their transparency. They're not allowed in Russia. Right. Yeah. And so, so basically they, they funded this campaign for a ballot initiative to defeat the GMO labeling.


And they, they, they won, but they did it illegally. And they spent huge amounts of money doing it. And they were then fined and had the biggest fine ever, which was trivial for them. It was like, you know, $18 million or something that they had to pay. But it was trivial. But they, they got a big slap on the wrist for doing this. But they were, but they won. Same thing in California when Jerry Brown was, was governor And he wass Governor Moonbeam, I mean, he's just left as You can get, you know, and, And they were soda taxes being passed all around California. And the soda industry got together, American Beverage Association. They said, we're gonna create a ballot measure that's gonna require two third majority for every vote in any state or local government for anything. It would basically paralyze the government of California if they passed this ballot measure. And they were funding it with millions of dollars, had nothing to do with food.


They said, look, Jerry, we're gonna pull this ballot measure, but you've gotta put in a permanent ban on soda tax in California. And he did. That's what's going on behind the scenes. Thats how this Works. There's a permanent ban on soda taxes In California. There's no permanent ban in any other kind of taxes. So that's, that's also what bothers me, is I I do think there should be one standard for everyone in every category. Yeah. 'cause we're all American citizens. Right? So nobody should be exemp exempt from taxes. No. Very much including college endowments. And nobody should be exempt from lawsuits unless all of us are. And so I don't understand, like, one of the reasons orthopedic surgeons don't do knee replacements drunk is they can be sued for it. Oh, they, yeah. But drug makers for a certain category of drug Yeah. Yeah. Have blanket immunity. Where do I get, do you have blanket immunity grants by Congress?


Because I don't. I Wish, I wish That would be nice. How do we get that? So I don't, but okay. I don't understand the Thinking. Gimme me $20 million. I'll donate. Maybe I can, I can get that for you. No, but like, This is absolutely nuts. It's how do, how does One category of product have blanket immunity from law? Statutorily blanket immunity and no. And they're like, well, we provide a vital, a vital service. Well, I, everybody who works thinks he provides a vital service. Like, who doesn't think he's pro You think you're providing a vital service? I do. I mean, you, you want, I don't get it. I mean, you want to incentivize innovation. You want incentivize science, you wanna, you know, accelerate things that may be really necessary in ways that you know are, are probably not possible within a normal course of how we d develop drugs.


Well then let's do Tort reform. Right. How About we all benefit from, It was vaccines. You know, some of them were not that profitable and, and some are very profitable. But what's happened is that, that in 8 19 80 80, I think it was 86, the US government indemnified vaccine makers. Oh, I know. So that meant that they could make vaccines that never be sued. And they created vaccine court deal with vaccine injury And they paid over $5 billion in vaccine injuries. Now, So the drug companies paid over 5 billion? No, No, no. The US taxpayers paid. Wait, Wait, wait, wait, wait. So you're saying that the drug companies can never be sued, but if they are sued taxpayers have to the damages. That's right. Federal, federal vaccine court. Yeah. And, and so that's the Biggest scam I think I've ever heard of, ever.


I mean, in, in a way I understood the thinking behind it because, you know, you wanna incentivize rapid development of, of drugs that aren't gonna be that profitable. Right. So, but it turns out that many of these drugs are profitable like Rotavirus, which is a new vaccine. And we've, you know, when we were kids there were like eight vac, eight shots. Now there's like 72 shots you get. And and many countries, for example, don't allow, for example, hepatitis B at birth is, is a vaccine we're recommending in America. And it's what you get from IV drugs or sex. Now, I don't know any newborns that are doing IV drugs or sex. And, and you know, if you are, probably not a lot, probably not a lot, but in many countries don't actually have it on the vaccine schedule. You know, we do. And so with, with Rotavirus for example, they profit a hundred billion dollars.


It's a hundred billion dollar profit for them. That's nuts. Right. Do you have any idea why the trial bar, which has always been one of the most powerful lobbies in Washington, and definitely the most powerful in Democratic party, haven't said anything about this? I don't know. So their argument has always been, look, if you want safer goods and services, you have to apply a penalty to people who are negligent. Yeah. I mean that's what, that's their argument. It's not a crazy argument, by the way. No, no. And Coca-Cola, by the way, for all its faults can be sued if they poison you with a can of diet Coke. That's right. So they don't. Right. So why wouldn't that? And by the way, if you're saying, well, I can't make enough money selling my product, why don't you convince people to buy it, then just convince people that it's a good product and they'll probably pay for it.


Yeah. You know, I understand that. I mean, it's, it's wasn't a completely stupid idea, but it's ended up being a bit of a disaster. And I think, I think all we need is better science. Good science. And I think, well, if you Have a government that's like, you must use this product you have, you've got no choice, will punish you if you don't use the product and then you get injured by the product. Yeah. Most people got injured, like had no idea they could be injured. 'cause nobody told them. Yeah. They do get injured. Yeah. You're told to shut up and just, just suffer or die in silence. And then you've got no recourse. And the, and then the people who sold you the product at gunpoint become billionaires. That seems like a very flawed System. It's a bit, it's a bit messed up. I mean, it's, it's a bit messed up, Kind of a perfect system for The drug. I mean, but, but it just sort of under underscores the bigger problem in our society, which is that we, we really have multinational and transnational corporations profiting from creating more sickness.


You know, the food companies create illness. The pharma companies pay for the illness, drug treatments, and the whole thing just works for them. But we have to change this. And we, and we can, as a federal government, change the policies. 'cause other countries have done this. They've been successful. They've, they're winning the war on this problem. And, and we need a focus effort. And I think there's so many things that could be done in this administration. Okay. So tell us about Bobby Kennedy, who you've, for viewers who haven't followed this for a long time, you've known him for a long time. You wrote a book with him. He's not just like some guy you met at a cocktail party. No, no, no. You know him really well. You know, just, you told me it dinner last night. We were just staying with him. Yeah. Do you wanna say where you're staying? 'cause I thought it was hilarious. Oh, we were staying at Dr. Oz's house. Okay. So got Mark Hyman, Bobby Kennedy were the meanses there too.


Callie was there. Yeah. Yeah. Callie means that Dr. Oz all staying together. So Yeah. Yeah. It was so it's a conspiracy of light, I would say. But anyway, but you know, Bobby really well. Yeah. Personally and professionally, what do you think his strengths are going into this job? I think he's, he's, he's has the right focus and perspective, which is that we have a crisis, which is our chronic disease epidemic. It's been neglected by scientific community. Predominantly it's been neglected by the federal government. It's bankrupting us. It's causing destruction of our environment, of our social structures, of more academic, competitive, global competitiveness of our military. And he understands that these needs to be addressed. And so I think that's a huge strength.


I think he wants to focus on, on rooting out corruption, rooting out conflicts of interest in the, in in agencies. I think he wants to impend policies that are gonna transform the health of America. And, and you know, we're working on a whole series of different ideas, but I think the NIH needs to be reformed. They should basically fund, fund nutrition research around chronic disease, which they don't. Very small amount of money goes to that maybe they, They still don't Like 5%, but, but it's 80% of the diseases we're seeing. They, they should have a mandate, for example, that all medical schools and academic institutions that receive federal funding from any source should have a nutrition curriculum. And that it should be mandated. And there's, there's, there's reason for that. Because doctors graduating today, my daughter's in medical school, she's in fourth year medical school.


Not a single thing on nutrition. I'm like, what did you learn? Well, I learned a bit of meano acids and fatty acids. I'm like, what are you gonna tell your patient to have for lunch? You know, like, and, and so zero education that could be changed over. Is That true when you were in medical school? Of course. Yeah. I learned about, you know, qua core and rasmus and rickets and X ophthalmia all these rare diseases from vitamin deficiencies in Africa and protein malnutrition. Berry. Berry. Yeah. Berry, berry and pellagra. I'm like, I never seen any of that. You know, like I, I didn't see any of that. So I, I think I, you know, I did see some malnutrition when I was in Haiti, but, but it was, you know, know really, really rare. And, and what, but we we're not doing this. The NIH could do a lot. And then the, the HHS could fund with Medicare nutrition services in medi in medicine, which it doesn't pay for now.


So if you have diabetes or heart disease or auto diet, cause diseases very hard to get nutrition services. And we, we at Cleveland Clinic created a lifestyle change program where we got people to, you know, to work together to change their behavior and change lifestyle. It was based on this sort of work I did with Rick Warren Saddleback Church, where we got 15,000 people to lose a quarter million pounds in a year by, by actually getting healthy together. So really it's about behavior change and also the what to do. So they changed, it was in the refineries. They got rid of the pancake breakfast, the ice cream socials. They got, they got everybody jogging for Jesus. It was, it was great. And then they lost a lot of weight. Rick lost a ton of weight And they got healthy. And we showed how people doing this in groups actually works. And this could be funded by the federal government.


Well, schools Used to do that. Yeah. They, I don't think they do anymore. No. And so, so we know, we know actually how to change behavior. We know how to change these chronic diseases with food. And that needs to be funded. So like I said, we don't have evidence-based medicine. We have reimbursement based medicine. There's a company called Virta that reverses type two diabetes and 60% of their patients using a ketogenic diet. They do it with a continuous care online model. They reverse all the biomarkers for heart disease. They get those better. They have about 12% weight loss, which is, Wait, can you separate this? So they reverse 60% of diagnosed type two Type. Yeah. Advanced, fairly advanced type two Diabetes, like insulin dependent A hundred percent. They get, they get a hundred percent off the medication, the main medication for diabetes, they get 90 plus percent off. When Is, pardon me, they save $6,000 per diabetic patient.


And if you apply that to the Medicare diabetes population, just doing that alone would save a hundred billion dollars a year. You know, not even counting all the amputated limbs and Well, that's what it would say. All the suffering that goes along with it's, right. Yeah. So what roughly when is the average type two diabetic diagnosed as such? Depends. I mean, if you're a, if you're a Pima Indian, it could be three years old. You know, 80% of type two di Pima Indians, by the time they're 30, have type two diabetes. 80, 80%, 80%. In certain communities it's, it's rampant. And in, in African Americans, it's, it's, it's much higher than why It's, it's in Hispanic, it's much higher than white. So, you know, the, the, the age can, can vary. But the pre-diabetes starts early.


So we're measuring with function. Our, my, my company function, health, insulin resistance, and we're measuring insulin. And most doctors never measure insulin. I ask Quest, how many doctors are measuring insulin? Probably less than 1% of the lab. Quest is the testing company. Yeah. The Quest company. Yeah. Like less than 1% get measurements for insulin, which is the single biggest thing we have a problem with in America, which is our insulin levels are spiking 'cause of sugar. Insulin, when it's high, causes you to store belly fat. It makes you hungry. It locks the fat in your fat cells and it slows your metabolism. So you're screwed. And you get stuck in this vicious cycle where you have hungry fat that makes you eat more, that makes you wanna exercise less. And you get in this cycle of waking, nobody wakes up any, every day and go, I wanna be diabetic, I wanna be overweight, I wanna gain Nobody says that.


They're, they don't, they're, they're being, but People do wake up craving sugar cereal and pain Flakes. Exactly. Exactly. Because their metabolism and biochemistry has been hijacked by the food industry. Well, How long does it take to get outta that cycle? Very Quick, very Quick. Like how quick? Well, I I, I, Let's say you're on a typical American diet and you're waking up with frosted flakes. Yeah. Hitting some kind of big sandwich and then having pasta for dinner. You're doing that for 10 years. How long does it take you to get outta the cycle? I I actually done this with my patients for decades. And I created a program called the 10 10 Day Detox Diet. And essentially it's, it's 10 days of treating food addiction. And I wrote a book about it called The 10 Day Detox Diet. I have an online program starting actually in January, if you wanna go 10 day detox.com.


And essentially guides people through how to reset your biochemistry, your hormones, your gut microbiome, metabolism very quickly through food. So one of these patients I had, you know, Cleveland Clinic, she lost, she started the program and three days she was offered insulin. So the cravings go away in two or three days. You feel shitty for two or three, three days. And then you start reducing symptoms. And what happens is when you take out the bad stuff and put in the good stuff, you see changes across your whole system. Because, you know, when I talk about food as a root cause, it's through cause for so many of things people are suffering from. So depression and autoimmune diseases and gut issues and anger. Anger. I mean, yeah. It's, it's amazing. And we know sugar Causes anger.


Yes. Actually, the data on this, what is that? Pretty interesting. So the amygdala is the reptile brain fight or flight. It's your, yeah, it's your reptil. I've got one lizard brain and we all have one. Yeah. And we have a frontal lobe, which is the, the grownup in the room. Yeah. So you've got the, the reptile kind of, and you've got the, the grownup, the communication there is important. So when you, when you're walking down the street and you see if a beautiful woman you says, gee, I'd like to kiss that woman. You don't do it because you know it's not a good idea for your marriage. Right? Yeah. Right. You have the front of one. Oh, that's probably not a good idea. Or gee, I I like that car over there. I wanna just take that car. And my car was stolen from my driveway two days ago.


It was crazy. But that's another story. But, but you know, people don't have control over their behavior because the amygdala and the frontal lobe communication is interrupted by inflammation. Inflammation in the brain is the root cause of so many of brain issues. So depression's, inflammation, autism is inflammation. A DD is inflammation, Alzheimer's is inflammation in the brain. And Chris Palmer is a Harvard psychiatrist who wrote a book called Brain Energy talking about this and how he cured schizophrenia, using a ketogenic diet, getting people off of sugar, curing Schizophrenia. Yes. Yes. So, so we, we have a, we I'm saying these things that sound like crazy heretical We can or Alzheimer's reverse diabetes. Well they're, they, They are heretical by definition.


They're heretical. Doesn't mean they're crazy though. No, I mean the science is there. It's like if you look, if you actually look online, there's a national library of medicine database called PubMed. Anybody can search it. And You can look at these things and You can look 'em up. They're online. There's studies done, there's plenty of studies, but they don't Translate. So ketogenic. So it sounds like you said so far the ketogenic diet can cure Diabetes. Alzheimer's cancer. Diabetes. Yeah. And now schizophrenia. Schizophrenia, yeah. So why I, so will you describe the ketogenic diet just to be Yeah, Sure. So, so basically this is something that was developed for epilepsy years ago. Because when no drugs worked for epilepsy, neurologists realized that if they put people on a diet where their brain was just running on ketones, which is the fuel instead of sugar that the body can run on.


Maybe I said were hybrid. A c dc the gasoline is carbs. And the hybrid electric clean burning fuel is ketones. So when you switch to ketones, it activates the brain's repair systems. It improves mitochondrial function, it reduces inflammation, it helps cognitive function at every level. So I've seen it work from autism to Alzheimer's to schizophrenia to depression. So it's just an all protein diet. It's not all protein, it's fat. It's actually 75% fat, olive oil, avocados, nuts and seeds, animal fats, dairy fats. And it basically should be a healthy version of it. 'cause You can, you know, eat bacon and that's not a good idea.


But you, you, You can do healthy ketogenic diets that actually improve health and reverse disease and work across all these things. So sugar is really driving this big problem. Sugar and starch. And by the way, flour a bagel. I mean, I had a, I had a, did a, a lecture the other day and a woman said, you know, I had a bagel for breakfast. I noticed I had a glucose model on my sugar spike. 70 points, you know, she's got a metabolic problem. And, and You can start to see when you eat these foods, your, your, your body gets dysregulated. And when you use, use a diet that actually shuts off this cravings, that repairs the metabolic dysfunction, that improves insulin sensitivity. It doesn't take long. So, so it's shocking. In five or 10 days, you get, we get a 70% reduction from all symptoms in all diseases by people just changing their diet.


And most people, Tucker don't connect how they feel with what they're eating. They don't make the connection. And so they, they, they think they're suffering from all these problems that are related to what they're eating. How, Why is it so hard for people to maintain ketogenic diet? Well, it's a very extreme diet. I don't think you need to be so extreme. Like a 10 day detox is not keto, but it does like probably 80 or 90% of the benefit. So you get to eat more starchy foods. Well, let's just say you just decide I'm going on a keto diet from now until I die. Yeah. Well, probably, probably, you know, what you wanna do is use it to fix the problem and then come off it. We, we were always doing this historically because we were hunting and gathering and sometimes we didn't hunt and gather very well. We couldn't find anything, right? So we would switch into burning fat. 'cause we probably have 2,500 calories of sugar stored in our muscles.


That doesn't last very long. That'll last a day. But we probably have 30, 50, 6000 thousand calories of fat in our body because we just naturally have fat in our body. And that's a great source of fuel. So what happens is the body starts to break down the fat and uses that. And that's what happens when we overnight fast. When we do a, you know, ketogenic diet. You sw into this alternative metabolic pathway. And that pathway is incredibly helpful for longevity, it's helpful for reversing chronic diseases and across all these diseases, we're seeing the same thing happen. So really at the bottom line here is that sugar and starch is the problem in America. And it's in every processed food. It's in what people are eating every day and people have no idea how much they're consuming.


And So If you take out all the sugar and all the starch, is that the same as keto? Not necessarily. I mean, for example, you, You can, if You can take out ultra processed food and You can stop your liquid sugar calories. If You can eat more good fats, eat good quality protein, lots of fruits and vegetables, most of our problems will go away. This is not, this is not complicated science. And so you don't have to be super extreme, but if you are in extreme situation and you have an extreme disease on your far end at the end spectrum of type two diabetes, yeah, you might need to do that for a while till you fix your metabolism. So once you fix your metabolism, Does the metabolism return to balance? A Hundred percent. I mean, yeah. I mean you've got, like I showed you the picture last night of that woman, she had type two diabetes, she had heart failure, she had hypertension, she had kidneys failing, she had fatty liver.


She changed her diet in three months. She was off all her medications, off all her insulin reversed, her diabetes reversed, her heart failure reversed, her kidney failure reversed, her liver failing. She was on her way to her heart and kidney transplant. This is not a patient who's like just slightly broken. She's, she's 66 on her way out. And in a year she lost 116 pounds and off all her medication. And it wasn't through rocket science or, or through some great new advance in medicine. It was just through applying the basic principles of nutrition and how this system works. Can you check pretty much so like any insulin dependent patient in his fifties, can he be cured? Type one? No. Type one is in autoimmune disease. I understand. No, I'm sorry, type two. But type two, if you're on insulin, you know, you, You can probably get 60 to 70% of those people off of insulin or dramatically lower on insulin.


Amazing. And You can rev reverse completely diabetes in, in about 60, 70% of those patients. And this is well documented science. I'm not, you know, pulling this outta thin air. So why Wouldn't that be a goal Of policy? Well, that's one of the one's, one of things, I think that's one of the things I think the new administration needs to do is, I mean, we spend over a billion dollars a day on diabetes policy. And this is a completely avoidable problem. And it is the biggest driver, again, of all these problems. If you have diabetes, you're four times likely to get Alzheimer's, more likely to get cancer, more likely to get heart attacks. All the things are caused by this fundamental problem of sugar and starch in your diet. And so I think that the federal government should initiate a diabetes reversal campaign across HHS and Health and Human Services and fund these trials and demonstration projects, show this works, and then scale it up because this is a solvable problem.


You know, I can't, I can't fix Middle East crisis. I can't, you know Yeah. End the war in Ukraine. I, I can't, you know, prevent Those are hard. Yeah. War. But this is a solvable problem. The answers are clear, the solutions are clear.


We did An interview with a woman called Casey Means she's a Stanford educated surgeon and really one of the most remarkable people I have ever met in the interview. She explained how the food that we eat produced by huge food companies, big food in conjunction with pharma, is destroying our health. Making this a weak and sick country. The levels of chronic disease are beyond belief. What Casey means, we've not stopped thought thinking about ever since, is the co-founder of a healthcare technology company called Levels. And we are proud to announce today that we are partnering with Levels. And by proud, I mean Sincerely Proud Levels is a really interesting company and a great product. It gives you insight into what's going on inside your body, your metabolic health. It helps you understand how the food that you're eating, the things that you're doing every single day are affecting your body in real time. And you don't think about it. You have no idea what you're putting in your mouth and you have no idea what it's doing to your body. But over time you feel weak and tired and spacey and over an even longer period of time You can get really sick. So it's worth knowing what the food you eat is doing to you. The Levels app works with something called a continuous Glucose monitor, A CGM, You can get one as part of the planner. You can bring your own it doesn't matter. But the bottom line is big tech, big pharma and big food combine together to form an incredibly malevolent force pumping you full of garbage on healthy food with artificial sugars and hurting you and hurting the entire country. So with levels you'll be able to see immediately what all this is doing to you. You get access to realtime personalized data, and that's a critical step to changing your behavior. Those of us who, like Oreos can tell you firsthand, this isn't talking to your doctor in annual physical looking backwards about things you did in the past. This is up to the second information on how your body is responding to different foods and activities, the things that give you stress, your sleep, et cetera, et cetera. It's easy to use. It gives you powerful, personalized health data, and then You can make much better choices about how you feel. And over time, it'll have a huge effect. Right now, You can get an additional two free months when you go to Levels link slash Tucker, that's levels link slash Tucker. This is the beginning of what we hope will be a long and happy partnership with levels. And Dr. Casey means.


So I buy everything you're saying. It's, I I think it's demonstrably true. You can feel it in yourself. Yeah. And, you know, one anomaly does not disprove a general truth. Yeah. But Donald Trump is that one anomaly, I would say. Yeah. I Disgust, you know, I don't know if You remember, you b Blake, he was a, a musician and he, you know, smoked and drank and did all these, you know, aid crap. He says, if I would've known I was gonna live so long, I would've taken better care of myself. And I, I think, you know, there are people who, I Have a father like that, You know, I mean, there are people who just like Madam Kama, she lived to 120 Yeah. Two years old. She smoked, she drank, she ate tons of chocolate. She was never married. Maybe that was her secret, but she was the oldest living human ever.


Yes. And you know, some, some people just have jeans that make them go no matter what. And so I would like to see what his blood work says. I would like to know what's going on in the hood. I mean, that would be amazing. And certainly would love to, you know, help anybody be healthy. I I take care of everybody. You know, one day in my office, I had a, a Muslim, I had a chief rabbi, I had a, a top Democrat, a top Republican. I had a Christian pastor. I was like, you know, I was so funny. But, you know, I'm, I'm a doctor. I take care of humans. And, you know, biology is bipartisan. We, we all are human. We all ha suffer from the same things. But There are genetic anomalies. Yeah, there are there. Yeah. Because I just had an ice cream sundae with, with Trump like three days ago. Yeah. I'm, I'm off the ice cream some days for a while.


Thank You, Tucker. I gotta get off him. But he's 25 years older than I am. Yeah. And I'm not just saying this, I'm not sucking up. I, I wouldn't say anything if this weren't true, but the guy's sharp. Yeah. Actually sharp. Yeah. Yeah. Really precise. Recall fast. Funny. Yeah. And, you know, yeah. Pretty good shape. 79 chap, like, wow. That, that's just a freak of nature thing. I think it is. You know, I think it is. I mean, I think, you know, would I love him to get healthy and everybody to get healthy? Yes. That's my job. I'm a doctor, but if he's managing and doing great, I, what can I say? But, but for most of us, that's not gonna work. No. I can feel that. It's not gonna work for me either. No. And no, it's not. Most of us are more in the human realm.


He's an anomaly. That's wild. Sorry, I just had to say that. Yeah, yeah. Because I was like, yeah, yeah, yeah. You're right. I, I don't, I don't know if anybody's really had a chance to sit now talk to him about his health and health risks and how he could do better. But, you know, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know how you do, how he do that job at, at 78 years old. But he's, he's crushing it, it looks like. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So he's not like, and by the way, most, I've known a lot of people who, who've been president and none of them are kind of normal. No. It's a, it's an unusual job. It takes a lot to get there. It's a certain kind of person. Yeah. There, I don't know the last time we had a president die in office, it's been quite some time, but it seems to kind of suspend, maybe it's the intensity. Ward Wilson had a stroke, but that was it.


Yeah. No, but he, he, he made it out of Office. He made well, his wife was president for Yeah. Well, right, Right. Well, we we have that now actually. But, but they still keep going. I don't know. So you think that after all the, the powerful forces you've described to raid against him Yes. Bobby Kennedy can, can, can still Win. I do. I think, I think what, what, what's going on now in America is, is an awakening. I think there's an awareness that the trust in our medical system and science system has been broken. It needs to be repaired. It needs integrity. It needs someone Yes. Calling out the conflicts of interest. And he is si good science being produced. And I think, you know, with, with the understanding that now we're in this chronic disease crisis, that he's so well articulated and people like Casey and Callie on your podcast have done that I've done for decades.


That somehow it's getting through that this was never an issue. That's right. This was never an issue in any, I've been crying from rooftops. I know for 30 years I feel like I've been as voice crying in the wilderness. And now it's unbelievable to, to me to see it must be pretty cool for you to see this. It's unbelievable. And I, and I see that there's an awakening in America that people are sick and tired of being sick and tired. They, they're seeing everybody in their family sick. They're seeing the rise of all the diseases. They know something's broken. They know the drugs and the current system is not fixing it the way it is. It needs to be fixed. And they, and we need somebody to lead this. And I think, you know, Bobby has his issues and his controversies and his questions, but at, at the very heart, I think he's, he's focused on the right thing, which is focusing on the root causes of our chronic epidemic, focusing on the problems of our food system with our ag system.


And, and that is the right thing to be doing. And I think the federal government has enormous power to actually change this through a whole series of different actions across different agencies that, that all can work together to make a difference. And I'm, I'm, I'm thinking this is now going to happen. I think we can provide for these things across all the agencies, and they're not like hard things. Right. We can, we can improve snap, we can improve school lunches, we can improve our dietary guidelines and fund those. And we have dietary guidelines for Americans. There's no funding for them. The, the, the Congress mandates that they're produced every five years. I met with the guidelines people in HHS that said we have to go around with a tin cup to the other departments to beg for Nichols to actually fund our work because we don't get any federal funding to create the dietary guidelines.


Nor does Nassim, the National Academy of Science, medicine and Engineering, which is supposed to review the literature and be an independent scientific body looking at the nutritional research, doesn't have the funding to do basic literature reviews than science reviews to actually inform the dietary guidelines. So there's no money in the process. And then there's no money to implement the guidelines to actually create awareness and implementation across America for what we should be eating. So the whole system is, is sort of broken and we need to sort of rejigger that. We can find, I don't know how many billions of dollars we spent on, you know, forever wars. I mean, we're talking about a few million dollars million, like a few millions of dollars could make a profound difference in actually getting the right things done. So we have the ability to change what's happening in the DOD as well, you know, with, with the military readiness and, and performance and s enhancement.


And I've been working with special ops forces on some of this stuff. And, and you know, the, the military is starting to understand that this is an issue and shift some of their policies. You know, the, the NIH needs to fund again, nutrition research. We should probably have a national instant nutrition like many other countries have. We shouldn't allow funding for medical schools that don't actually provide nutrition curriculum. So we should, you know, have our agricultural system supporting farmers to transition to regenerative agriculture and produce healthier food and revitalize its communities and stop their, their extreme decline into sort of financial ruin and suicide. I mean, why, why is there a 350% higher risk of suicide in farmers? You know, that's ridiculous. And that's because of, of our policies and what we're doing and how they're squeezed. So we have across all the agencies, such tremendous power to make simple changes that can really transform America front of package labeling.


We can do front of package labeling, inform people about what's in their food like they have in other countries, you know, get out the stuff. And the European Union has, has really clear, clearly identified the most harmful chemicals in our food. Get them out of our food. I mean, you, you go to Europe or you go to Canada, you, you don't see the same product with the same ingredients like Fruit loops. You know, there's a big 400,000 person petition against Fruit Loops because their, their US product was full of all kinds of dyes and colors. Whereas in Canada, they used, you know, there's carrot dye or used, you know, blueberry dye or other things to make it colorful, not not harmful dyes that are banned in other countries. So these companies already do it. Why shouldn't they do it in America, if you get crap macaroni cheese in America, it's got dyes in it that they don't allow in Europe.


So they do the same companies are making the products, they just do it. Don't do it here. So this is cheaper. Yeah. So we, so we need to just enforce these standards and we should adopt the precautionary principle. You know, we, we shouldn't allow things in our food that we don't know are healthy or, or, or that we don't know are, are good for you. If they're harmful, we should know about it. So the study should be done to prove that they're safe and effective rather than just approving them. And then waiting and seeing if they're harmful and then taking 'em off the market, which is kind of what we do is, it's different than the precautionary principle, which is, you know, you're guilty until proven innocent. Here you're innocent to proven guilty, which is fine in the court of law for a human being, but not for a food addict or chemical that could harm human health.


What do you do about doctors? I haven't been to the doctor in a long time because I'm so distressed because I've seen so many doctors recklessly prescribe drugs that have destroyed people's lives. Yeah. Adderall or benzodiazepines or SSRIs. Yeah. I've seen all this stuff. It's like, it seems like an incredibly reckless group of people. Yeah. They've have no moral authority left from my perspective. But we need doctors with moral authority. Yeah, yeah. Who practice science. Like what, how do you change that? Listen, I I would say Tucker, that most doctors went into medicine to do good. I, I think that's right. And there's a, they didn't Go 'cause it's easy. No. I mean the well-meaning are often ill doing and, and they're, they're caught up in a system. Smart. Right. That are, that is, is is kind of co-opted them.


And I, and it took me a while to get deprogrammed. I was programmed by medical school. I was taught that, you know, this is, this is this bastion of science that everything is pure and clean. There's no conflict that Everything You read in scientific paper is true. That, that, you know, the pharmaceuticals are the solution to our problems. I mean, this is what we were taught and, and, and we were taught it. Pharmaceuticals are the solution to our problems. Yeah. I mean, what did the doctor's toolkit? It's a knife and a and a prescription pad. That's it. Yeah. And if you have cancer, it's radiation. Right. So basically we don't have a hell of a lot of tools. And, and if you take away a doctor's prescription pad, how do they practice medicine? But I almost never pull out my prescription pad.


I don't need to because lifestyle and food are The best drugs on the planet. They're not like drugs. They work better than any other drugs like exercise, diet, sleep. These are profoundly foundational to our health. And we have a, we have a, a disease system, not a health system. We have a, we don't have a medical system that's based on the science of creating health. We have a system that's based on the science of diagnosing and treating diseases rather than looking at the root causes. So part of the problem is in, in the education. And I think doctors wanna do the right thing and they're frustrated. And I can tell you by being on the inside, 'cause you know, I'm Cleveland Clinic for 10 years, people come outta the woodwork. They're like, this is great. We, we want to change. We see, we need to understand how to do things differently. Toby Cosgrove, who is the sort of the most visionary CEO in medicine, he was asked by, you know, the Biden administration, the Trump administration, everybody to work for him.


He, like, everybody wants him. And he brought Cleveland Clinic to be, you know, the number two center of healthcare in the world. Mayo Clinic, you know, at him or we in competition. He said, Mayo is what you put on your sandwich. He was very funny. But he, he, I met him at the World Economic Forum and I said, Toby, what, what if I can empty out half your hospitals and cut your angioplasties and bypasses in half and they're the number one heart hospital in the world. He said, that would be a great idea. I said, why? You're gonna cut your revenue in half. What are You can do about that? He said, we'll figure it out. It's the right thing to do. So he invited me to come and, and I would, I mean, look, I didn't wanna go to Cleveland. And he, he had a good life. And he says, I want you to come and give you whatever you want, but let's do this. We need to address chronic disease differently. The way we're doing it is wrong. We need to think differently. And he, he gave me carte blanche and we, we built a center.


We had, you know, done tons of research and we showed that the model works. And, and it really gets, you know, gets into the root of the problem. And so there is a shift in medicine, there are doctors who are flocking to this. There are people who are understanding the system's broken. But, but it's, it's a tough sell for some people. 'cause they're so brainwashed. It's like if the earth is flat, you convince the earth is flat and you can't convince people otherwise. And you know, we're still arguing over things like evolution, you know, 150 years later. I mean, we're still arguing over the earth is flat. There's people who are flat earthers, you know, it's like, so this is the problem in medicine. There's a scientific paradigm change that needs to happen. And doctors are starting to get that. This is true. And I I think it's, it's, it's not that they're trying to do something harmful or bad. They're just stuck in a system And they, they need to get liberated.


And, and I, I met with Kathleen Sebelius when I was going around trying to get these policies in Obamacare around lifestyle change. So this is a great idea. You know, if we, if we create these lifestyle change programs for Medicare, people are gonna get better. They're healthier. We're gonna reduce healthcare costs and healthcare outcomes. She said, but who's gonna know how to do it? I said, don't worry about that because if you pay for it, people will figure it out. If you pay for an angioplasty, well yeah, if you pay for an angioplasty, doctors are gonna learn how to do angioplasties. Right. You don't have to worry about that. If you pay for a, a lifestyle intensive change program that works better then. I mean this woman I, I was telling you about, she, she, she had $20,000 a copay. I don't know what her other medications cost for the insurance or the healthcare system.


Plus she was in and outta the hospital all the time. We probably saved the healthcare system a million bucks. I got paid $200 visit. We don't get the benefit as doctors for doing the right thing. We get benefit for doing the wrong thing. We we get benefit for paying more. I mean for doing more, not doing the right thing. So it's a, it's a reimbursement based system based on fee for service and throughput, not based on outcomes. Imagine if you were making cars and, and you had a car company that produced cars that didn't work, or they got that, you know, you drove off a lot And they just fell apart after a few years. Or they had to come back constantly get fixed every month. You, you wouldn't have a car company. No, but that's what we do in medicine. No, you wouldn't. That's what we do in medicine. We have, we have a system that doesn't really fix the problem and People, you know, are not, are not, are not actually getting the solutions that the science says work, like the things we've been talking about on the show.


So I, I think we have a, a historic opportunity now. I I mean it's fraught, right? There's gonna be an Trillion. It's fraught. Yeah. There's trillions of dollars at stake here, Tucker, trillions of dollars in the food industry, in the egg industry, the fast food companies, all these companies are, are, are gonna be frightened about this. And they, they are already circling the wagons. They're already coming around Washington working on discrediting everybody in this, in this administration. They're pushing back hard 'cause they, because they know day of reckoning is coming. And I, I think it's time, I mean the American people should not be the victims of this system. Like I said, 93% of us are somewhere in that spectrum of pre-diabetes to type two diabetes.


That's frightening to me as a doctor. I mean that, that's just like when, when I was, when I was in medical school, this wasn't a problem. There was no juvenile diabetes that where kids had type two diabetes. This didn't exist. Yeah. And this is, I'm not that old. I mean old. I'm not that old. So walking, look at The pictures of Woodstock from August of 69. Yeah, yeah. You Know, exactly. 150,000 shirtless you were There, right. Young ams. You I was born and You can see the ribs, all of it. Yeah, exactly. You know, so this is not a genetic problem. You've got, you know, scientists from Harvard saying this, obesity is genetic is not, I mean there are genetic predispositions. So What is that? Yeah. And what is the celebration of unhealth that you've seen for the last four years and attacking people who try to stay fit is right wing.


Yeah. That's some It's a political category to be healthy. Well, yeah. I I what is that? I mean the body positive movement or you mean Yeah. It's the most negative thing I've ever seen. Of course it's mislabeled like everything. Yeah. How is it positive to encourage people to be unhealthy? I mean, you know, do you know there was a, a number, I think it was in the, like, who's paying for that? I think it was in Washington Post or Wall Street Journal. They did a whole sort of series of articles on how the food industry has sort of hijacked thing the media. So they talked about how 40% of the nutritionists who are on social media are paid by the food industry to promote false concepts. Like, don't worry about how many calories you're eating, eat whatever you want, indulge yourself. You know, it's, it's really quite striking how, how deliberate their actions are.


And, and so I think, I think the sad, the sad thing is that people are, are actually been manipulated by the food system in a way that they can't. 40% of the nutritionists on social media Are paid Yeah. By food company. Yeah. This was an expose that I think it was in the Washington Post and it was was like, and you see it and it's, and so the, they're, they're, they're not. So Sarah Lee is paying nutritionists, I dunno if it's Sarah Lee or who is, but I dunno, it's, it's, you know, four, I mean 40% of the budget of the American Academy nutrition dietetics is paid for by the food industry. And they have panels where, where you've got people from McDonald's and Coca-Cola on panels. Okay. So you're saying that most physicians want to do good, they wanna do good in the world And he you wanna do good.


But if you're, I'm sorry if you're a nutritionist taking money from, you know, the baked good in in industry, yeah. It's not good. I mean, I would, You must know that you're corrupt. 'cause that's corrupt. That's so obviously corrupt. It, it, I I I guess I I'm not taking money from George Soros. No. And if I were, I would, I would know that I was corrupt. Right, Exactly. So it's, it's, it's, it's how the system's rigged and, and unfortunately, But the people participating in that system are also culpable. Sorry. I think so. I mean, I think, you know, they, they're, they're, I think for sure those nutritionists, I think doctors are stuck. 'cause they, they wanted to do the right thing. They don't have the education of what to do. They don't know how to do it. And they're, they're only told one thing, which is these drugs work for these problems and give these prescriptions.


And like I said at the beginning, we've seen dramatic rises in all chronic diseases and a even more dramatic rise in the use of prescription medications for those diseases, which we're not getting better. We're 48 life expectancy. We spend more than double any other nation on Joe Rogan. I, I gave a a slide to a friend of mine, Cali, And he gave it to Trump or gave it to somebody else to give it to Trump that he used on Joe Rogan, which showed, you know, the life expectancy in America and the cost of our healthcare expenditures were completely kind of off off the chart. So, so life expectancy's going down, other countries are high. We're spending twice as much as anybody else. It must be nice to live long enough to be vindicated. Yeah. You know, van, van Gogh never got that. But you have, Yeah.


Yeah. I mean, I, I, listen, I'm optimistic Tucker. I think we're in a moment where, where the country is ready for change, where the country understands we have this health crisis where they're willing to sort of make changes. And I think if, if, if the politicians in Congress understand these issues, I think they'll make, they'll make the right choices. I think if they have the, the, the support of the American people, which I think they, they do, they can make choices that are difficult and, and, and often against the people who are funding their campaigns or funding for funding their super pacs. And you know, we, we have to realize we have a bot paid for system. And, and it's unfortunate, but I think that the problem's gotten big enough. We have to face it and deal with it. Dr. Mark Hyman, Thank you very much.


Appreciate it. My pleasure. Thanks for listening. The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made. The complete library, Tucker Carlson com.