
So, let me ask you, you 2022 became famous for a day or two because you got into it with the American College of Surgeons. I'm so into it with them. Yes. You're still into it with it's approaching. It's approaching Its third year. It's Third year. Can can you just give us a, a quick reminder of, of what that Contra Trump was about, what happened? Sure. I am a surgeon, I'm a plastic surgeon, but I was a general surgeon for a while. One of the things that I did after I became a surgeon was to apply for fellowship in the American College of Surgeons, which is an, an honorary sort of a thing to, to have, you know, attached to yourself.


If you become a fellow, you're allowed to put the letters FACS after your name. Yes. And something I sought to do. So I became a fellow on the a CS American College of Surgeons and went along for 30 plus years as a practicing surgeon, doing my, doing my thing. And then what happened was, in, in and around 2018, 2019, you could say, I woke up, I realized that there was something going on in my area of surgery.


And it began with a, a transcript of a lecture by a invited lecturer to the American College of Surgeons Clinical Congress that they have every year. The lecture was titled A Pathway to Diversity, inclusion and Excellence. That was the title of the, of the lecture. And for reasons that I can't explain, I read it. I wouldn't normally have done that. But I read the entire transcript. I read twice and not once with excellence mentioned in there. And so I wrote a commentary that was actually published in the bulletin of the a CS, where I expressed some concerns about taking down excellence as the primary directive for surgery for surgeons and replacing it with diversity inclusion.


And that time, the equity, they didn't throw that in there. And that commentary didn't really do much. So fast forward a couple of years, and you have Covid, which you know, its own thing. And then you have the, the George Floyd killing. And I think it could realistically say that the country went crazy after George Floyd. I mean everything from riots and and whatnot to this, this mass movement to adopt the idea that the country was systemically racist. And every institution, every organization was racist. And we had to radically transform the country. And the American College of Surgeons was no different.


They, they jumped right on that bandwagon. And within weeks after the George Floyd killing, I mean literally weeks, they had assembled a task force on racism. And they published this in the Bulletin, which is their quarterly newsletter. And the bulletin basically said that they were doing this to deal with racism in the a CS. It wasn't like, is there racism in the a CS? It was, there is race racism and we need to figure that out, Like refusing to operate on black people. Not, that would be pretty extreme. No, I'm joking. I mean, like, where, where was the racism in surgery? It's, it's almost as bad Tucker.


It's the, the idea is that, well, let me, let me take that step. They, they claim that surgeons were racist. That the a CS itself was racist and that the practice of surgery was racist. Okay. And the reason why they made that last claim was because there are known disparities. We know that the outcomes for surgery are not as good statistically for, we'll just call it black and white. 'cause it just makes it easier to, to deal with that. That is not as good for blacks. That is for whites. And so the idea is that there's some element of racism or discrimination that impacts the outcome of surgery. Of course, if you take that to the next step, it means that, you know, blacks are not getting as good care.


They're not, the surgery's not being as done as, as well. And, and whatever. There's a whole lot of reasons why You can have disparate outcomes that this was the one reason that they latched onto And they have never let go. And then, have you heard of the term racial concordance? No. Okay. That's, that's a really important concept. And this is something that's being promoted by the a CS. The a CS is explicitly stated that blacks would do better if their surgeon is black. Simple as that. It's a racial concordance that you are going to receive better care by a doctor, surgeon, or other doctor if they are of your same race, ethnicity, gender, that you might get better care, pardon me, better care if you're a woman by a female surgeon, for example.


And they've hung onto that as well. So That was the, the idea behind segregation in the south, of course. Well, that's the whole thing. They're trying, they're trying redo That stick with their own Yeah. They're trying to reinstall segregation into surgery, which, when you think about it, is a pretty despicable Thing. So I get a white male surgeon is what you're saying? Exactly. Okay. Well, you might need to get a white male surgeon of whatever your ethnic heritage is. Okay. You know, you might do better with, Kind of happy with the Swedish surgeon. It's fine. Go, I need, like, I'm gonna win in this. Yeah. I need a Brazilian one. 'cause my mother is Brazilian, Meaning German, by the way. Well, I'm half German, half Brazilian. There you go. Yeah. So what happened was this, I, the, the task force came out with the recommendations at the end of 2020.


And the recommendations were, oh my gosh. I mean, it's just a litany. It was basically a playbook for how to instill DEI. They still weren't really calling it DEI that often, they were calling it anti-racism still. And that term kind of fell out of favor. And then DEI became the, the nice, the more acceptable term for adopting critical theory, critical race theory into surgery. So the recommendations were to add anti-racism. Abram Kennedy's anti-racism into the a CS as the value of the a CS. They opened up a branded department of diversity, which had not existed before. And this is what they call a regen department. Meaning that the head of that department, the clinical director was now one of the members of the Board of Regents, had its own clinical director, its own executive director.


They installed all these initiatives. You know, they started training their staff and, and the, and even the leadership on things like microaggressions, implicit bias ally and act of bystander white privilege. And when I saw this, this is one that I guess it really hit me. I never thought I would be doing this at this point in my career. I'm retired, I'm three months retired from, from 38 years as a surgeon. And to be an activist was never on my radar. Yes. But I couldn't let this stand. It just really bothered me. And may I ask you to, just to go back to the core assumptions that, that drive this, are they rooted in science?


Is there Absolutely not. Okay. So is there any research at all that shows that the outcomes in surgery are better when the surgeon is matched racially with the patient? Absolutely. Doing no harm. The organization that I joined as a result of this, this whole issue has actually published, You can go online and You can read it. They've done a systematic study. Well, actually they've looked at five systematic studies of this issue. Does, does racial concordance, disco, concordance of, of ethnicity and race and so forth, correlate to better outcomes in surgery?


Short answer is no. There, there's no scientific evidence that having a surgeon of your own race will provide better outcomes. Has There ever been evidence? No. So, I mean, just to ask a dumb Question. Well, let me, let me, let me qualify that. Yes. There was a study put out that's, that's been repeatedly referred to. I mean, even today it's referred, it's been completely discredited. But a study showed that the survival rates for black babies is better if they have a black doctor with their obstetrician or whatever. Then if it's not, and so they keep repeatedly referring to the study. But if you look at the study, the study design is terribly flawed.


The, the reviewer, if you're familiar with Vena Prasad, who is a, a data geek and very good at, at parsing clinical studies and so forth, came out to this study as catastrophically flawed. And Even those, this study does not by any stretch, you know, show that this is the case. It's still referred to as primary, the, the primary evidence for this idea that racial concordance is a real thing and it's still in the a CS. Were there any, was there any push to make certain that white patients got white doctors, When you say a push, but push by M, just being, by whom?


Being perverse. Like do they really believe it when they said this, they didn't really believe it. This is just a way to lower the standards to change the racial composition of surgeons. Right. I think the only thing that's pushing this is ideology. I think if you're really science-based, you know, if you follow the science as the saying goes, if you look at that, you can't possibly believe that. So either you have an ideology that supersedes, you know, factual science. Yes. Or you're clueless and you're, you're following whoever it is that's, that's taking the lead on this. And who was taking the lead in the American College of Surgeons who was pushing? I think it was a very, I I can't give you names.


I can, I could probably name a few people that I know that were instrumental in pushing against me, pushing back. But I think at the very small vocal group of very, very committed anti-racist or, or DEI zealots. And I think the others have gone along. I think some, some members of the a CS have really not researched this to the extent that they understand it And they kind of go along because it sounds, you know, DEI, diversity, equity inclusions. It sounds wonderful. Who would not be for those two Things? Are those the rules in surgery? Like if the other kids are for you, just do it. You'd think not because Yeah, you would think.


You would think not. Yes. That's, that's the thing that was so disconcerting to me. Let me, let me carry the story just a step further down the road, I wrote to The president of the a CS and I expressed my concerns. And I'm, I'm a writer. I, that's, this is what I don't ton is not my thing, but I love to write. And I wrote a three page single space letter in which I outlined my concerns. Never got a response from that. And so the next thing I did was I actually posted the a CS of the website, of course. And they have a thing called the Communities, which is a forum for surgeons to communicate with one another. If you have a question, You can pose it and surgeons will weigh in and provide, you know, advice or answers.


If you have something, you want a topic, you wanna discuss the same thing. So the largest forum is the general surgery forum. And so I posted on that forum basically that I was concerned about this rush to embrace anti-racism, DEI and the a CS. And if this continued, I didn't see how I could maintain my fellowship. I would drop my membership in the a CS, which is something I never imagined I would do, because I've been a proud member of the a CS for over 30 years. And I'm not here to bash the A CSI, I wanna be very clear about that. I'm st, I still, I'm still FACS, I'm still a fellow. They consider me a fellow. Even those I'm permanently banned, which is kind of an interesting situation to be in. And so I posted this, this thing saying that I would lead the a CS if this continued.


And that generated a common thread. And if you're familiar with common threads, if you look at the engagement in the common thread, usually it's only about one to 10% of people that are reading the comment thread that actually engage. Because for sure, that's just the, the nature of things. That common thread ran for four months and 75 individual surgeons and over a thousand comments, it, it broke the system basically. I mean, they had to open up a second comment thread because they'd never had this much engagement on anything. And two thirds of the surgeons that engaged, weighed in, in favor of, of my position as opposed to the a CS. And they kept saying, why are we doing this?


Tell me where the racism is. Let's deal with the racism, but don't just call us racist and, and, and, and go with that. And they repeatedly refused to do that. So, and by the, who is they? This is the, the leadership of the a CS and this, this is my, my beef is not with the a CS with my fellow surgeons. My beef is with the leadership of the a CS. It might be interesting just to hear if You can recall some of the names of the leadership who did that? Just for the record. I, I don't have any problem because it's, it's public record. The, the general secretary with a fellow named Tyler Hughes, just retired. Tyler Hughes. Yeah. General surgeon. And he was the editor in chief of the, of the communities. So he was kind moderating and And he would weigh in sometimes if it seemed like, you know, surgeons were getting a little bit too, too heated and so forth.


And my position was, you know, we're professionals. We're, you know, surgeons are opinionated. We're not shrinking violets. We, we state our, our case. We're certainly qualified to have conversations without a chaperone. And I didn't really like the whole chaperoning thing that was going on. And so this went forward and as common threads do it, it kind of ran, its, its life expectancy really beyond what you'd think four months, at which point I was thinking. So, okay, so I did that. What do I do now? And I was waiting to see what my next step would be. When the a CS leadership, the Board of Regents reached out to me, Tyler Hughes reached out to me and said, we'd like to have you on a Zoom call.


This would've, this was gonna happen in 2022. They wanted to wait a little bit. They wasn't until March because they were bringing on board their new director of diversity, a doctor named Bonnie Mason, who is their clinical director of diversity. And so the Zoom call consisted of myself and Tyler Hughes and Bonnie Mason and a regent of the A CSA member of the Board of Regents named Tim Ber, who is a very well-known, prominent surgeon in a big institution. And I had joined a group called Fair, FAIR, the Foundation against Intolerance and Racism. And I helped found Fair in Medicine, which has been working, kind of like doing no harm in the area of, of DEI medicine.


And so I went to some of my colleagues in FAIR and said, Hey listen, I'm invited to this Zoom call. How do you think I should prepare for this? And the first thing he said is, don't go by yourself 'cause you're gonna get jumped on. I said, okay, sounds like a reasonable piece of advice. So I invited a colleague of mine who's a surgeon I worked with for 30 years. Her name is Celia Nelson. Clia is a Jamaican born black female general surgeon, which is an, it's unusual that not, she's definitely in the minority in the a CS. And she came on the call, so it's five of us on the call. Very, very civil conversation. Well over an hour. We each stated our position. I stated my concerns, she expressed the same concerns that I did from her standpoint as a woman, a black woman surgeon.


And I left so encouraged from that. I said, wow, this is great. We got a dialogue and this is what I wanted a dialogue. And I sent an email to everyone that was on the, the Zoom call and said, Thank you so much. I hope this will be the start of a conversation where we can discuss these things. And a few weeks later, I couldn't get on the communities anymore. I tried to get on the website and get on the communities and I couldn't get on. And I thought, okay, there's some glitch here. I thinking maybe it was on the site, had a problem. I waited and I waited pretty close a couple of weeks before I finally said, I contacted Tyler. He said, Tyler, what's going on? I can't get on the communities. And this is one I was told, oh, by the way, you are permanently banned from access to the communities.


And in addition, you're banned from access to the member directory of the a CS and you're banned from your own private voicemail box. So it with a total, total isolation. And I said, why, why am I being banned? And the answer was because if your continuous, and I'm basically quoting your continuous use of disrespectful language and persistent posting of nonclinical material on clinical forums. So the, the thing was, I was being disrespectful, which I have disputed and I can prove I wasn't. And my nonclinical material was posting this issue of DEI on the clinical forums That they brought up in the first place That they, well, and what's interesting is this, they're the ones saying that clinical outcomes in surgery are being impacted, you know, adversely from minorities.


But I Mean, you were a, I mean, you spent over 30 years just being a surgeon, cutting and healing people. Right. You're not the one who brought this topic into Oh, absolutely not CS in the first place. They did. Yeah. Yeah. But because you discussed a topic that they introduced, they said you weren't a serious doctor and needed to be banned. I was disruptive and I was being disrespectful. And so I did ask, I said, can you please show me a single example of anything that I have said at any time that justifies this ban? And they have never done that. They've, I've asked it several times. They've refused every single time. So I appealed, I went to the Board of Regents and appealed and I said, you know, you know, this is, this is wrong.


And they came back and said, we reviewed this and we uphold the ban. And this is, this is interesting. They said, and we feel that you have received due process. Well, due process means that they're saying it went through the, the proper channels in the a CS. Well, the, the channels are, there's a, a fixed process for disciplining a surgeon. You have to be informed that you're being investigated for some issue that has to go to their central judiciary committee, which is empowered to investigate their members. They decide if there's merit to this, you know, allegation. And if there is, they send it back to the Board of Regents who then has to, you know, does the punishment, whatever that may be, could be expelled, could be whatever.


They never did that, it never went to the Judiciary Committee. They never informed me that I was being investigated for a possible lifetime ban as a member of VACS. I am entitled, my privileges include the right to having a hearing. If I'm looking at being disciplined by my, my organization, I have a right to have a hearing to defend myself. And they denied me that hearing. And the reason, it, it's like a catch 22. It didn't go through the Central District Committee. Therefore, I don't deserve a hearing. Even those, I mean the, the gaslighting is unbelievable Tucker. It's just unbelievable. So I exhausted every avenue. I had to address this with the a CS internally.


And that's when I went public. And that's when I wrote my article to the Wall Street Journal. And that's when you invited me onto your show. Very kindly,


Not all sleep aids are made by pharmaceutical companies. You probably heard about Eight Sleep by now. They develop the country's most innovative products for sleep. Almost everybody in our office uses something they make called the pod And they love it. And there's a reason that professional athletes and lots of other smart people do too. You add the pod to your mattress, like a mattress cover, and it helps you get a better night's sleep and fill with vitality at the start of each day in an intimidating way almost. It's amazing. How does it do it? Well, it uses advanced technology to track your sleep and automatically adjust the temperature of your side of the bed to what's perfect for sleep and temperature makes all the difference. It's backed by over 600 million hours of data. They've also used those insights to create their new product sleep elixir to help you get quiet before you go to bed, fall asleep faster and stay knocked out longer. No grogginess, no weird side effects, just better deep sleep. So if you're ready to take sleep and recovery to the next level, go to Eight Sleep dot com slash Tucker to get 350 bucks off your pod for ultra full refund for 30 days. If you don't love it, it works.


I wanted to hear more about it, not simply because you're the victim of grotesque injustice and, and authoritarianism, but because the consequences of this kind of thinking are so dangerous to the public health that I think people need to know it. Because everything you're saying suggests that they're gonna radically lower the standard for surgeons. Not that they are. They have, they have. That's, that's So how is that not a felony? How can you do that? How can you lower the standard for surgeons or air traffic controllers or a anyone who's got a a, a job with the public health in his hands, you know, a critical job, the critical jobs in our society, and you lower the standards for that.


That's not a crime. I think the way you do it is you do it really slowly over a long period of time and no one really notices until it gets to that, Until people die. It's the well until, yeah. That's interesting thing you say that you work with A knife in your hand. Yeah. I mean This is like The highest level of trust you're saying to somebody, I'm gonna let you cut me open. Who would you say that to? Only a surgeon. And so, well, the consequences are just beyond If, if there was ever a field, you know, people talk about airline pilots. Sure. If there's ever a field where excellence is a squon of the field, it has to be medicine. And even beyond that, it has to be surgery. Exactly. Because you know, when you're, when you're the guy with a knife in your hand, first off, you know, if you're a decent human being, you want to feel like you are competent in doing The best You can for your patient.


But, and I, I apologize by the way for putting you on the spot when we spoke, because I think I, I may have remember I asked you a question. I said, what's the most important thing you look for in a surgeon? And you said excellence. Yes. Which was exactly right. But I wasn't looking for excellence. I was looking for trust. You have to trust. Well, One flows from the other. You have to trust your surgeon. And if you are wondering if you're gonna get The best care because your surgeon looks different than you do right off the bat, you're starting handicapped. I mean, you're, you're really, you know, hurting yourself and the patient if you can't, can't get that trust pretty quickly. Because when you walk into the er, you don't have a lot of time to connect. No. You can't go be doing those nice social things. The other, so my band remains in place.


I'm still banned. The a CS will not engage with me. They have not engaged with you in three years. Oh no, not at all. Not at all. They, they, they'll refuse. I've, I've written multiple letters. I wrote letters to the last two presidents. I never get an answer back. I wrote letters. Well, I would just encourage anyone watching to, to let's Google these people and do not accept medical care from them. You don't, I don't want to be cut by an unreasonable ideologue Problem is You don't know who those ideologues are unless you start naming. It would Just be ni it would be nice to have their names. So you said not only do they plan to lower standards, but they already have, can you Absolutely.


Tell Us what you Mean? In fact, I'm delighted you said that because I, I don't want this to be about me. Yeah. I'm the one sitting in front of the micro microphone. I'm the one that, that was banned. But the issue is so far beyond me in my 38 years of surgery, I have gradually watched the quality of training in young surgeons deteriorate, you know, noticeably in my own little, you know, backyard watching young surgeons come out that have no business operating by themselves. And you've seen That? I've seen that. Oh yeah, absolutely. I can, I can give you some examples.


You know, please doing, I did a, I had a, a young, this is actually a few years back, I had a, a new surgeon in town at a hospital that I worked at. And I do breast reconstruction. So I work a lot with the surgeons together. We'll, you know, they'll remove the cancerous breast sometimes. A lot of times they'll remove the other breasts simultaneously. And then I'll come in and do the reconstruction. And I was doing a lot of these cases where you take the abdominal tissue and you create one or two breasts with the abdominal tissue, which is a great procedure, but very significant time consuming and whatnot. And there's a lot of things that have to be done. And this surgeon offered to help me close the abdominal part of the operation or to do it for me so that I could concentrate on the breast.


I said, great, this probably cut an hour and a half or two hours outta my operating time. And so I glanced down to see what he was doing. And he's, he's taking these massive bites of tissue and every time he ties the stitch down, I mean the, the abdominal wall is being distorted. I'm looking at him thinking, wow. And I, I, I was able to, I couldn't watch more than two or three stitches put in. And I said, ah, you know, Joe, listen, you got things to do, you know, go ahead. I'll, I'm fine. I don't, I don't need the help. And he left. And Was this an a, someone who's outta medical school? This was a fully trained surgeon, just newly pr just what, you know, opened a practice in my community.


And he didn't last very long. It became very obvious soon because in small hospitals You can't hide that. He was not very competent. And he eventually moved on, I dunno where he went or what he did, But it was obvious to you, just from looking down, this guy was not qualified. This Guy qualified. This guy had no clue how to close an abdomen. I mean, it was really bizarre. And that's kind of an extreme example. How Did he become a surgeon? That's the thing. Lowered standards basically. Was this person from a protected racial group or No? No, he was not. He was your, your heteronormative white male like me, basically. But he was incompetent. Oh yeah. Yeah. Well I only saw this one example. But you know, what's enough, the thing speaks for itself.


If, if a person is doing this in such a simple situation such as clothing, an abdominal wall, then you gotta wonder what he's like. And I've, I've worked with other surgeons that were, you know, I, there's a couple that I refuse to work with that were so bad that, you know, you, you often have to ask yourself, is this something that I report? I don't report. I've spoken to, you know, colleagues and so forth. And I've only actually reported one or two doctors in my career. 'cause the, the circumstances are egregious. And these didn't happen to be surgeons, by the way. But kind of getting off track a little bit, I I work with a young surgeon and arguably a good surgeon.


And I was doing, again, a breast reconstruction. And he made a comment to me that I, I found astounding. One of the common accompanying things you do in breast cancer treatment is a lot of times you go after lymph nodes in the armpit. Yes. 'cause you want to see if there's cancer there or if there's cancer there, you'll wanna remove the cancer. And that's called an axillary node dissection. Yes. Basic operation. Even I know about it. Every general surgeon learns that. Yes. And we were doing a, a case And he was doing a biopsy in the, the armpit, removing a single lymph node. And he commented and says, you know, I'm really glad I don't have to do an axillary node dissection because I'd never done one before. And this is a fully trained board certified general surgeon, had never done an axillary node dissection in the course of his five years of general surgery training.


Let me stick back a second to, to, when you ask about quality and how it's gone down, I don't, it's not a conscious thing. It's not been deliberate. I don't think that we have gone out deliberately to create a decline in the quality of surgery. I think a lot of circumstances have come to together to do that. One was in 2003, the American Graduate Medical Education, they came out And they took a law that was basically confined to New York from 1964 and made it nationwide. And that law was a reduction in residency hours. In other words, you can't take a trainee in, in any medical specialty and make them work more than 80 hours a week or more than 24 hours at a stretch.


And so that reduced residency hours dramatically because when I trained, it was not uncommon to work a 90 to 110 hour week. That was pretty typical and be on call, you know, 36 hours straight. I once worked 48 hours straight. Not that that's a great thing, but you know, you do what you have to do and you learn. You learn to operate under circumstances when you're tired and things like that. And the idea was to reduce medical errors and things like that, which has been disproven, that studies have shown that that reduction in hours had nothing, did nothing to improve medical errors. But that was one thing that, that cut back the hours for training and surgery. You know, you have a, a very limited What was the motive there?


The, the, the idea behind it, the reason that it occurred was because of a death, a young woman died in New York because of a, a medical drug error. A a very rare drug reaction. And her father happened to be a very prominent attorney. And he decided that the reason was that these residents were working too hard, they were too tired and we needed to change that. And there was this spate of New York Times stories about this. Yeah, I remember this. Yeah. And that was only confined to New York until 2003. They didn't become a nationwide thing. General surgery is a five year residency program. Okay. In the first two years, you'll learn patient care.


You learn how to take care of patients before and after you assist in operations, you do diagnostic differential diagnosis, and you learn how to work up a, a problem. And if you're good, if you're a good intern, if you're a good first year, second year resident, you know, they throw your bone on again. They'll let you do a hernia and they'll let you do an appendectomy And they hold your hand while you do it. And then in the, the third and fourth years, you start to operate more. But you're always operating under the direct supervision of a, a senior resident or an attending, attending a a fully trained surgeon. And again, you're having your hands held. I mean, they, they have to let you work. They gotta put the knife in your hand, but they have to be good enough to do that and keep you outta trouble.


And if you get in trouble to get you outta trouble. And so you spend those three to four years kind of honing your skills. And then in the fifth year when you are what we call a chief resident, you're basically regarded as being a surgeon. And you, you get your, you do your cases, you assist the younger surgeons in their cases. And the only time you call an attending surgeon in this, if you're doing something very major, very complex. And, and or if you haven't done this before. And so at the end of that fifth year, you should be able to walk outta the hospital and go anywhere and operate as a general surgeon and function fully independently. A study done in 2014 in the Annals of Surgery reported that 80% of the graduating general surgeons were not going into practice.


They were going on to do a fellowship. Fellowship is additional 80%, 80% fellowships in whatever thoracic surgery, vascular surgery, colorectal, you name it. And that was in 2014. They surveyed program directors. These are the, the chiefs, the heads of surgical programs to find out what these residents that were, they were getting. But what these surgeons that they were getting in Phillips were like, they found that that 66% of them could not be relied upon to operate independently for more than about 30 minutes.


That something like 30% or so could not handle tissues in a manner that was appropriate. A traumatically, if you will, 20 30% couldn't sew properly, close to the same number, couldn't identify the early signs of a complication. Some could not identify an anatomical tissue plane. These are people that are graduates of general surgery residencies coming out of these programs and going to fellowships. The saddest thing is that when they survey the, the surgeon, the young surgeons themselves and say, well, why are you going into this fellowship? Instead of going out and practicing, more than half say it's because they did not feel comfortable operating independently after five years of training.


So there's something very wrong with the training they're getting. They're not getting enough cases to do, they're not being allowed to operate. You know, in some places, the attending surgeons are very hesitant to hand over a case to a younger surgeon because number one, they're responsible for that case. Number two, you're never gonna be as, as efficient or fast as a young surgeon as you will later on when you've had more experience. So it takes longer and it, it unpacks your day, your schedule. The, the, it's, it's sad because they recognize this. I mean, these young surgeons are Recognize it. So the question is, I mean, it sounds like a total failure to train the next generation of surgeons.


It's a system failure. And the a CS recognizes this. And you know how I know that It's because since 2014, they've initiated a, what they call a mentorship program. And what they do is they try to find experienced surgeons that will mentor these young surgeons to help 'em come up to speed. Okay. So a young surgeon out, out of training that should be able to work on their own and find that they're struggling or not really able to do that. They would have an experienced surgeon to, I don't wanna say hold their hand, but to oversee them. Supervise them. Yes. You know, scrub with them. They can't find enough surgeons to do that. For one thing, here's where the DEI really comes in too, is they have this idea of racial concordance that what they need to do is find if it, if it's a black surgeon, they gotta find a black mentor for him.


And if it's a Hispanic surgeon, they gotta find a Hispanic mentor. And there's not enough of those to go around. It's the time of year. We focus on the people who matter most in our lives. And if there's one way to show your family the people you love, that you love them, it's by protecting their health and their safety. And a really obvious way to do that is by preparing for unpredicted moments. And there are a lot of those breakdown on supply chains, overwhelmed hospitals, natural disasters, wars, whatever happens next, you can't see it coming. But You can be prepared for most of it. And that's why a JCE case works. A JCE case is a personal supply of prescribed emergency medications. So if things fall apart, you're okay. There's an unexpected global disruption You can protect yourself and your loved ones.


So this February, show 'em you care. Get the J case today. You'll have the right meds on hand when you need them. You only need 'em once. You ought to have them. So in addition to what our demonstrable, provable failures of medical schools to train the next generation of surgeons. And can I just say parenthetically, I feel like if they're not training surgeons adequately, you know, surgeons are a small percentage of all physicians, probably the most important, but they're probably not. And probably the smartest and most driven then they're probably failing. I'll Agree with you on that. Yeah, yeah. Well, they're surgeon, right? It's, it's the most straightforward kind of medicine. Well, so, but in addition to that, they overlay these racial mandates.


They decide that racism is the real problem, not incompetence. And then they put these mandates in where like you have to somehow have doctors of all these different backgrounds, which you don't have. So what happens when Everything starts to go downhill? Yeah. Really quickly. I have, I get people contact me just because of my, my profile has been elevated by being out there a little bit. I got a call from a, a young plastic surgery resident that had been fully trained in general surgery and went on to begin her plastic surgery training. And she was concerned because she wanted to get the most out of her training.


And so she reached out to me to find out which things she could do. She told me things that were unbelievable. I mean, I I, I'd never imagined these things. And this has been confirmed. Not, not, it wasn't just my conversation with her. I've confirmed it from other sources as well. A couple of things. One, as she talked about the, the difficulty getting enough cases under your belt that is, you know, not getting given cases to do, not having operations that You can actually perform. Not having the attendings turn things over to you. This, I could not believe one of the, the requisites to become board certified, at least in surgery, is you have to turn over to the board of examiners for the American Board of Surgery, the American Board of Plastic Surgery, a log of the cases you have done in the course of your residency program.


So they list, you know, every case you Yeah. Done to the surgeon as an assistant and whatnot. Well, they're now permitted to list operations in there as part of the surgical experience that they've only watched. So if they sit behind the anesthesia screen or look over the shoulder of the surgeon and watch an operation, they can list that in the log book as part of their surgical experience. And I can tell you personally that you don't learn surgery that way. You learn about getting your hands in there. I I, I've watched a lot of medical shows. I'm not a doctor as a result of like that's, And and that's what's scary. And, and that allows them to, to qualify for taking their boards.


The other thing they do, which is really what Would be, again, the motive there. Why would you allow that? Well, the a CS has already anticipated there's gonna be a shortage of 19,000 surgeons. By 2035 years from now, we're gonna be shy. Nearly 20,000 surgeons in this country right now. The USA is short 1200 trauma surgeons. There are places that need a trauma surgeon that can't get one because they're just not around. So one idea, you know, as bad as it may be, is to put out anybody and everybody, and you don't wanna drop anybody, just so You can get the numbers up there. The, the gosh, this, there's so much to this Tucker that, that goes into this.


Well, back, back to the, I mean all, all of this begins at the front end of the pipeline, which is medical school. Yes. So it, the standards for admission to medical school have been dropped dramatically for race reasons. Yep. Yeah. They've, they've taken the, the medical licensee examination, the three part medical license examination, taken it from a graded exam to a pass fail. And to pass it, you only have to be in above the bottom 5% in grade. If you, if you are above the bottom 5%, you are gonna pass the medical licensure examinations. And in spite of that, which is an abysmal standard, when you think about it, in spite of that, something like 10% or more students at UCLA 10% or more students flunk one or more of the exams.


And a number of them flunk these exams two and three times, and yet they're still been, been put through medical school. They don't want to drop you. I know what I wanted to say, again, back to the DEI for a second. If you're an attending in a surgical training program and you have a surgeon that is inadequate, he's just not cutting it. And I, I saw this. I, I had, and while I was in training And there were surgeons or people that came into the program that were dropped after year two 'cause it was clear that they weren't going to be able to do it. They just didn't have the dexterity, they didn't have the yes, whatever. Today, if you do that and you, and it's a minority or underrepresented in medicine, you know, minority surgeon as intending, if you hold them back or if you drop them, what's gonna happen is you're gonna get reported, you'll get reported to the, the DEI establishment in that program.


And invariably they're gonna side with the resident and not with the attending. Why do they have the moral high ground if they're putting people's lives at risk, which they are. I mean, I think that's a crime. But how did they get to attack you for upholding objective standards of surgery? I just don't get the, like, are there, are there no sane people left in American medicine? Well, the thing is this, how do you recognize the quality going down? How do you recognize bad surgery? And one way that you recognize that is by complications. So the question would be, are people dying? Are complications going up? Okay. In surgery right now, you can't answer that question.


And one big reason why you can't answer the question is that, and at least, and I'll, I'll just say this is my opinion, I can't keep quoting this, but I know this is how surgery has evolved. The vast majority of surgery done today is done as an outpatient. So, you know, the, the people that are in the hospital and have an operation are not the majority, they're the minority. So if you do outpatient surgery, you do the operation, you know, the patient goes home that day or after an overnight stay, most complications don't arise immediately. You know, bleeding occurs in the first day or two after infection three, four days. Okay. Pulmonary problems in my particular profession, if I do a flap reconstruction, I may not know if that flaps gonna live or die for 5, 6, 7 days or more.


So when you do have complications, they occur after the patient's outta the system, so to speak, outta the hospital system. So there's no required reporting. It's all self-reporting. You know, you get a, a letter, you know, periodically from the hospital say, Hey, can you please tell us how all all of your patients did? Do you have any of complications? They did great. They did great. Well, and it's human nature. If they, of course, if a patient gets an infection, you treat 'em with antibiotics. You know, do you report that as a complication? And the patient ultimately did Okay. You, you could argue no, you would probably, you might not report that. And, and you could rationalize that it's okay. So that's one of the issues. The other issue, and I got this directly from one of the examiners.


I I know someone who has been examining surgeons for 15 years for their boards. So when you go to take your board examination, say he's one of the people that sits in the room and asks you questions and whatnot. And what he's noticed is that a lot of, a lot of these residents are coming in And he is looking at their cases and he's thinking, oh my gosh, he's, they're taking way too long to do these operations. Now one thing that's, that's, that's interesting is when you go for your boards, the cases that they look at are not cases you did in training. These are cases you've done since you've been out. You know, when you finish your residency, you're allowed to go out and practice. I could practice, I practiced for two years before I became board certified because it took two years to get my board certification.


So of course I have to be able to practice, and I'm regarded at that point as a board eligible surgeon, and I'm entitled to full privileges and, and all those things. So when I go to take my board examination, I present them, you know, in, in my case, I presented them with a log of everything I had done for the past year And they select cases to examine you on and, and so forth. That's an, it's an interesting experience to do that. So these are the cases that these examiners are looking at and he's saying they're taking way too long. You know, here's an operation that should normally take three to four hours. It's taking seven to eight hours for this person to complete this operation. And I've seen this locally, I've seen this in my, my own community where, you know, nurses who know the good surgeons from the bad surgeons say, Mr.


Dr so-and-so, he's so slow, he just takes forever to do, to do, you know, this operation and complications are directly tied to length of surgery. I mean absolutely, positively correlated and other, The longer the surgery, the more potential complicated. Exactly. And this is recognized and is recognized in a very interesting way, the CMS, the Centers for Medicine, Medicare and Medicaid. Medicaid. Right, exactly. They've come out And they said, we are not going to pay for anesthesia beyond a certain time. So if we have, for example, you know, a breast reduction, which for me is about a three and a half to four hour operation, you know, we're gonna, we'll pay for four hours of anesthesia for breast reduction.


If it goes beyond that, we're not paying for that additional time. And the idea is they recognize that, you know, there people are taking too long to do these things. Point is anesthesia has nothing to do with the length of surgery. They're just there to keep the patient asleep and stable and alive for you while you're doing an operation. But that's the only way they can think to penalize the surgeon because the, the surgical time does not come into play unless you look at hospital charges or anesthesia charges. And so they recognize this, and this is, goes back to what I said, you know, a lot of surgeons are not getting enough surgical experience to be able to operate one independently. And two, I would say, you know, efficiently, competently, you know, to do, I'm not a speedster, but I can certainly hold my own with my peers in terms of how long it takes me to finish an operation and, and do a good job on it.


I've never tried to be the fastest guy on the block. So all those things go to the fact that you're not gonna really recognize this decline because it's so subtle in, in so many respects. And, and patients don't know that. And that's the other reason why I'm here, Tucker. I want this to be a wake up call to my fellow surgeons. This is, this is what can happen to you if you speak up and you try to promote excellence in surgery and you, and you try to object or push back against a liberal ideology, politics, ideology, call what you will in surgery. And, and I would love for there to be a groundswell of surgeons command saying, Hey, wait a minute, what's going on in, in my profession?


Well, the fact that there isn't really bothers me because it's more than physical dexterity. You're counting on as a patient reason. You want a fact-based, logical physician or else you could die. And so anyone who accepts clearly illogical, unreasonable suppositions and doesn't push back against them is basically involved in witchcraft. Right. So if I could say to you something that is provably untrue and just on its face stupid, which is, you know, a black female patient needs a black female doctor. It's like, what are you even saying?


What? Show me the evidence. There is no evidence. It's crazy on its face. It's Nazi stuff. If you go along with that, then you've disqualified yourself because you're not a rational person. You're a, a witchcraft practitioner. So that just freak, it freaks me out. So you could say, well good people are going along with this. Well, no, they're disqualified by the fact they are going along with it. That's my, as a patient, someone who's undergone two surgeries, that's, I mean, is that a fair view, do you think? Absolutely. I mean, think about this. You're, you're an intelligent person. You have probably a, a wealth of experience because of what you do. You weren't aware of racial concordance. And I mean, you ask any guy in the street about that, they're gonna just look at you like, you know, you have two heads.


What the heck is that? Well, Is it true? And if it's true, how is that true? Again, the rest of us trust science, not because we trust the people who carry it out, but because the idea itself is inherently reasonable. Prove it or I don't believe it. Right. It, the burden of proof is on the pr the practitioner or the scientist, the physician, the surgeon, and that the whole system is based on that. If you can't prove it, then you can't know it. I thought that that's science. Right? Well, That's what they call evidence-based medicine, which is well, right. Yeah. Yeah. But that's all medicine should be evidence-based medicine. And if it's not evidence-based medicine, it's not really medicine. It's witchcraft. So it just, it freaks me out that the average doctor, average surgeon would, would for a second go along with this.


Well, think about it from this standpoint too. Think about the, for example, Celia Nelson, this, this, the female Jamaican black surgeon that Yes. Was on the zoom call with me. She's worked as hard as anybody to get to where she is. She's an excellent surgeon. I mean, she's been through, she's, she's experienced racism. I mean, she'll tell you flat out Yeah, she, when she first arrived there, people wouldn't stake her for, you know, asked her to get a cup of coffee in the surgeon lab. Right. You know, those sorts of things. And and she also noticed that sometimes when she'd walk into a, a examine room in the emergency room, that, you know, the, the look she would get was, you know, who is this? Is this someone good?


And she's worked through all that. Okay. She's worked through that. She's, she's just put her head down. She worked hard. And now she says, what happens is when, when she goes into the er, that patient has already heard from multiple staff what a wonderful surgeon they're getting, that she's gonna be in there to see them. So, I mean, she's earned her place. Okay. But think how unfair it is for the people coming up now, the, the, the minority, if you will, surgeons that have to face this idea, when they go into a room, that person may look and say, gee, is this a DEI hire? Or is this a person that really, I think everyone thinks that, That went through, that got here because of their excellence, because of their excellent academic performance in college and medical school because their excellent performance in, in their residency because they met all the standards, the, the standards that everyone should have to meet.


Or am I getting someone who's a little bit less because of this and that? Well, of course you're getting's part of the, You're getting someone less overwhelmingly. And that's obvious. It's, and it has nothing to do with race, by the way. It's that preferences are always destructive of excellence. So if I, if you tell me that you're the CEO of a company that your family owns and you got the job 'cause you're the first son, my first assumption is yeah, they lowered standards to make you CEOI mean, I, right. It's just, it's obvious. And so if I have a black female surgeon, my first assumption will be this person had to meet lower standards because the school or the certifying board was so anxious to say, we have a black female surgeon.


And of course it's unfair to the individual, but then the whole system is unfair. So should you be shocked that it produces unfair results? No. I mean, it's unfair. It is unfair on the face of it and in practice and every other possible way. Yes. You know, they, they think about anti-racism. That was so, I think despicable was, it said that, you know, you cannot be against racism. You have to be for this whole anti-racism shtick. So Attacking whites. Yeah. So, you know, I if you claim to be not a racist, that's a racist statement. I mean, talk about the, the, But why would anyone go of, of course. I mean, it's a Chinese finger trap.


Yeah. You know, the harder you pull to get out, the more stuck you are. But why would anybody, you're a surgeon, like you're at the very pinnacle of our system, like the science-based, reason based civilization that we've built, which we consider superior to, like, you know, to the witchcraft based societies of the rest of the world. How in the world could you sit and let this happen? Anybody, any surgeon? Well, I'll, I'll tell you why I did it. I was too busy. I was just, I had my head in the sand. I was so, well, You're the anomaly. You actually stood up and got banned for standing up. I'm just saying. What about all your colleagues? You know, I'm, I'm fortunate in the sense that I was able to get through a career and I'm at the twilight of my career.


No, actually the end of my career, I have nothing to lose. Tucker. I mean, they can't hurt me. So I got many messages, private messages, which I can't access any longer from surgeons, including minority surgeons that said, sure, you know, we agree with you, but we can't speak up because we're gonna get pushed back. You know, we're, we're gonna be called, you know, uncle Tom's or racist or whatever. If we agree with the, the premise that you're putting out there, I don't have much to lose.


Lent is here the period before Easter, the 40 days. And it's a unique chance to get closer to God. That's the point of it. Hallow the world's number one prayer app can help you do that. Joining their prayer 40 challenge. It's a great way to connect with Christians all over the world and unite in preparation for Easter, which is the payoff of this season. It's called The Way, it helps participants focus on how Jesus is the way to heaven. If you join the challenge, you'll embark on a spiritual journey with some of America's most convicted Jesus followers, powerful stories, prayer you grow in your ability to sacrifice. That's what Lent is. It's a sacrifice and taking thought provoking sermons and true stories of faith in action, which are amazing. This year is gonna be The best lent ever, thousands of people praying together all over the world. And You can be part of it through Hallow, which by the way is in use in my house. Any a nightly topic of conversation. So You can sign up at Hallow dot com slash Tucker when you join. Check out thousands of guided prayers, meditations, music, and everything. There is a ton on Hallow, all designed to help you find peace and closeness to God. Download the Hallow app and jump onto the Lent Pray 40 challenge right now.


No, I mean, of course I know that you're describing the real answer. That is the answer, but it's just hard to let people like that off the hook. If you work in some, you know, normal company, it's one thing. But if you're a surgeon, you understand that lowering standards results in the deaths of people. The stakes are just the highest at, in any part of our society. You have the highest stakes. So sure, it could hurt your career. Sure. It could make you unpopular. Sure, they might call you names Uncle Tom or whatever, but you balance that against the deaths of innocence. And you think, I have to say something, don't you? And if You don't, that's where I found myself. Then you're, I can tell Yeah, and bless you. But if you, if you decide, you know, people will die, but my career is more important or not being called names is more important, then it's kind of a monster, aren't you?


I don't wanna say that. Well, I do, just because I do. I think that if you give the power that surgeons have the power to cut people open, uns unsupervised, and someone dies, and you, you're the surgeon, you're like, God, in the operating room, you have that power. In exchange for that power, you have to hold yourself to the highest moral standards, Don't you? I agree with that. I I, I, you'll get no argument from Me and that who has more power than a surgeon? Nobody. Yeah. And that immediate moment, nobody does That. That's what I'm saying. I mean, actual power, not theoretical power. No. A surgeon is more power than The president. He can cut open a person if the person's unconscious. He has total control over his operating room. Correct me if I'm wrong in any of this. And the captain of the ship, basically The unquestioned.


Right. So, And he has a life in his hands, like actual, not theoretical, actual beating heart person. And so that person has to be of just the highest moral caliber or else innocence die. I mean, that's my view. Anything which works against that, you have to fight. I think you have to work against that. Yes. It's, it's disconcerting to me. I have to say, maybe I can use stronger terms, but I get a lot of private affirmation from colleagues, from surgeons. I don't get a lot of public affirmation for that very reason, because some of them are older and don't want to deal with the blowback, the repercussions and the, and the recrimination that can occur.


Some of them, a few agree with the whole situation. Crazy as it may be all the DEI and so forth. And most of them were kind of like me. They were just going along and, and too busy taking care of their patients to The best of their ability. I understand that. To To, and you know, I've been doing this for 38 years, and it's really not until about three or four years ago that I popped my head above the water, so to speak, and looked around and said, oh my gosh, the landscape out there has really changed. This is, this is not the, the field of medicine that I went into. And you know, you'd like to think when you've devoted your life to a career, a profession, that you're gonna leave it a little better than, than you got it.


You know, you're, I'm building my, I built my practice on the shoulders of the people that went before. And I have a very strong sense of responsibility that I have to honor the traditions and the efforts on my behalf to get me to where I was. And you want to think that you've done somewhat the same. Now, I'm not, I wasn't an a, a professor. I wasn't an a researcher, but in taking care of patients, I've always tried to honor the efforts of the people that train me and feel like I could go off. Well, I've got a generation behind me now. I've got a daughter who's a physician. I've got a son-in-law, her husband who's a physician. And I feel a very strong sense of obligation to someday when I can't do this anymore, to say, okay, I did The best I could to leave medicine in their hands better than I got it.


And I can't say that. And that's tragic when you think about it, to, to think that you're leaving a profession that you love and have committed your life to, and it's in much worse shape than, than when it was put into your hands. Yeah. This is not, so, I take Is not progress. I take responsibility for that. I take my own. But, but at the same time, I think it's that what happened to me, if they, if they can, if the a ECS can ban me with the, the impunity that they have done without accountability, without even following their own bylaws for God's sakes, And they have no reason to engage with me, they could do this to anybody. I mean, there's nobody out there who's, who's safe.


And that's a pretty frightening proposition. And, And you know, for those of us watching who you know, aren't doctors, it eliminates all trust. Don't trust doctors. I don't wanna go to the doctor. I don't like doctors. I loathe them. I don't Trust a lot of doctors. You don't. I don't Why my trust covid. Yeah, me too. I haven't been to the doctors since Covid. And what, What happened in COV was so egregiously wrong that I just couldn't, I mean, I don't look at the, the CDC, the N-I-H-F-D-A in the same way any longer public health officials. And the other issue, I don't wanna open a can of worms here, but the gender affirming care. I mean, how in God's name did we get to a point where you have, in my profession, as far as surgery's concerned, is probably the one most closely involved in the whole process?


Of course, of course. It is gender affirming care because of the work we do. And to have this concept that there's no such thing as male and female, that You can take a biological male and convert them to a woman and they're really a woman through plastic surgery. I mean, that is, when you talk about witchcraft and voodoo, that is witchcraft and voodoo and all the scientific evidence is against it. Do you know Anyone who participates in it? Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. I do. You know, people personally, no, I don't, I don't know people that are doing the gender affirming care and minors. And I wanna be very clear, you know, if an adult thinks, if an adult male man thinks he's a woman, and, and God bless 'em, I feel sorry for them. Me too. You really have to.


But they're, you know, they're a adult with agency to make decisions for themselves. That's one thing. Minors is a whole different thing. Have You met any plastic surgeons who've done surgeries on minors? Not that I know of personally. No. I know some that are doing some of this, what they call a few euphemistically top surgery where they take off a breast, but they're doing this in, in women that are adults. They're taking off their breast to, to turn them into, you know, make them look more male. Like, I don't know anyone personally who's done this on children so far. See, you saw this with abortion, even when I was a child, there were doctors who said, you know, I just, I just don't believe in it. I think it's immoral. I'm not participating in it now. It's my impression that it's pretty hard to be a doctor unless you commit abortion.


Like you kind of have to, as part of your training. If you're an ob, GYNI, I don't, I don't know that You can get through medical school without participating in an abortion. An elective abortion. I can't speak to that. 'cause I think that there, I mean, I, I know from personally that that wasn't the case. I, I'm aware I'm, I'm, It was not the case. No, I know that. Yeah. But my sense is now in practice, if not officially, that is the case. And it's extremely hard to be an OB GYN resident and not participate in that. And I wonder if we're moving toward that scenario with transgender surgery where maybe you, maybe you don't get certified as a plastic surgeon unless you participate in, you know, mutilating minors in the service of ideolog.


Like, could you see that happening? Oh, I could definitely see it happening. I mean, it is happening. It is, it is being done now. Is it, are people being forced to do it? I don't think that's necessarily the case. I think people that are doing it are, are bought into the whole thing. And they're doing that because they're bought into it. But that just seems to act against evidence. You know, scientific evidence as a scientist and physicians are scientists. It doesn't, I just, I just, I'm saying the same thing 10 times in a row, but it just seems like it disqua like you shouldn't be allowed to conduct science if you've shown that you don't believe in it As a resident in surgery.


You don't have a lot of power in, in the sense of being able to say, I won't do this or I will do that. You can't pick and choose what you're gonna do. When I was in training, we had an experimental clinical study going on to do bariatric weight reduction surgery. Yes. We were, we're approaching these bypasses through the chest and not the abdomen. Yep. And the attendings in our, our program came to us that the resident said, listen, we understand this is the experimental program. We're not gonna make you do this. We'll let you decide for yourselves if you want to do these cases.


There were three of us at my level and two of us said, no, I was one of those. And the third one said, sure he'd do it. That you did not wanna participate. Did not wanna do that. I didn't, I didn't think it was a good operation. A good idea, long and short is that the, the study showed that yeah, she could lose weight by doing this, but the weight came back. Yes. These patients gained weight again. And so it was pretty much abandoned. And we're talking, you know, back in 1984, thereabouts. And of course I remember one young woman who died, you know, directly as a result of, of the operation, which was pretty, it wasn't that big a group of patients. And they had one death in that group.


So, you know, you're not always allowed to make the decision about what you could do. Now if you're in a residency program and you've got surgeons that are doing, you know, gender affirming surgery and again, and minors, and you don't wanna participate in that. I can't speak to this. I can't say that the resident has the ability to say, no, I'm not gonna do that, or I won't do that. I do know that, you know, are you familiar with the case of Aton Heim? I've interviewed him. Ah, Okay. What a man. He's yes, One of my heroes. He is now there's, there's someone who has true courage. I mean, my courage is the courage of someone that doesn't have too much to lose. His, is the courage of someone who has everything to lose that Guy. I don't know if he's, I didn't ask him. I don't know if he's a religious man, but I could feel a moral power on that guy.


Yes. He's religious. Okay. Yes. Well, that I've, I've spoke, I I'm, I've become friends with him and I really, I've, I've actually call these, you know, divine moments, if you will. Yes. I've, I've made a couple of, just felt compelled to call him a couple of times. Yes. And it just happened to be when he was in a really difficult down period and just needed someone to, to affirm what he was doing and to encourage him and so forth. And so, you know, I just happened to be the person that made that phone call. Okay. And so we become friends. Good for you. And he is a, definitely a religious person in the sense That Good. I can feel that on him.


I, You know, and more than that, he's a, he's a moral person And he, he has a, a strong sense of one Follows the other. No, it's, you're absolutely right. And of all the people I've interviewed, boy, it's funny you mentioned him. I've, yeah, I've thought about him many times since that interview. No, he's still in the thick of it and he's still under indictment And he iss still facing trial and He's gonna win. Oh, he'll win. And I, well, he's gonna win. My suspicion is all gonna be dropped. 'cause the, the, the, the reasons that have been brought to the accusations are so out there that they just can't stand Ean Heim. E-T-A-N-E-I-T-H-A-N-H-A-I-M, AAN aan Ean heim ean heim. So for those following who want to Google him. Yeah. He, so do you think that this can be fixed?


It can be fixed, yes. But you're talking about a long, you know, the pipeline for surgery is five plus years. So, you know, and then you gotta the four years before the medical school. So if you're gonna fix the problem, you gotta go back to the medical schools. Honestly, you may have to go back to universities where the people are being indoctrinated and all this social justice stuff where they, they feel that that's more important than what they're doing. They're, they, you know, the young doctors think that righting historic wrongs is more important than taking care of the patient in front of them. And you can't practice medicine that way. That's just not, that's not medicine. So it can be fixed. It's gonna be a generational problem.


It's gonna take a long time. We're gonna be seeing the effects of this and, and paying the price for these policies and these ideologies for probably my lifetime, I suspect, which brings up the issue. You know, I'm a healthy guy, but every one of us is gonna be someday needing a doctor. And I don't know who I'm gonna go to. I somewhat semi seriously told friends and family, I said, don't go to a surgeon or a doctor under 40. 'cause yeah, they've been indoctrinated. Some of these guys are still wearing masks for Pete's sakes, masks. Oh yeah. There's some physician that's still mask, you know, patients and things like that. It's just crazy. There's crazy stuff out there, Tucker, that, you know, So if you're a doctor, I mean, and you're openly mentally ill like that.


Why doesn't anybody No, I, I don't mean that as an attack. I'm saying that with sympathy. But if you have, that's A great question. Why doesn't anyone in the, the physician's group or the hospital say something? Well, First off, there's, there's too few doctors. I mean, there's so few that, you know, a lot of these guys, guys, you know, men, women, whatever, a lot of doctors are there because there's just not enough doctors. I mean, try to, if you try to get a doctor recently and make an appointment, just a routine appointment, you're talking months down the road, you need something more urgently, good luck with that. You know, you'll probably end up going to an urgent care center where you'll see a nurse practitioner or a PA or someone that's got a fraction of the education experience of a, of a physician.


So it's, it's not a real, there's not a simple cure for all of this. One thing I wanted to, to try to do with this conversation is not just simply badmouth, you know, my organization, the a CS or badmouth Medicine or surgery. 'cause I'm devastated by what's happened. I, I really want, I want surgery to be elevated to where it should be, which is a, a, a very highly regarded profession that is dedicated itself to taking care of all comers regardless. Okay? We don't, you know, we don't judge on, on who or what you are when you're in front of us and you've got a problem that we're trained to fix.


So my solutions, you know, my first solution, obviously to get DEI outta medicine, politics and, and, and ideolog do not belong in medicine. I mean, the, the Soviets prove that. I mean, the idea that, you know, You can take care of a patient if your first, you know, priority is to judge them based on their, their color ethnicity is, is countered everything that hippocratic medicine is all about. The other is to reinstall standards of excellence. We have to, we have to quit lowering the bar. We gotta start elevating the bar again and requiring that, you know, doctors and prospective doctors meet, you know, minimum standards.


You know, there have to be some minimum, but they have to be higher than the lower 5% for Pete's sakes. They can't be that we have to free, you know, the doctors in training to do what they have to do. You can't have restricted hours when you've got such limited time. Anyway, in, in the overall, you know, course of a person's lifetime, you know, 3, 4, 5 years in surgery is, is a drop in the bucket. I mean, to, to ask a surgeon to devote themselves to learning the craft and, and what they call the art and the science of surgery. You know, not only do you need the time, you need the the person to apply themselves.


One thing I heard, which again is kind of disturbing, is that a lot of young surgeons are more concerned about comfort, you know, work-life balance as it's often called, as opposed to learning to be The best doctor they can be. They wanna know how much time off they have. They want, they, they're very jealous of their time off. You know, five o'clock rolls around, they're done, they check out And they move out. One thing that they found in asking all the program directors about the surgeons coming into their fellowships was that a large proportion did not have ownership of their patients. And ownership means that, you know, you take that patient as your patient.


That's, that's not just someone that you take care of for a 12 hour shift, and then you turn 'em over to the next person and then, you know, you may not ever see that patient again. Or not until, you know, two or three shifts later. You know? So a lot of young doctors don't have ownership for their patient. And I'm, I'm hearing that from, from colleagues. So how do you treat a rental car? Do you Ever change the wheel in it? No, I don't. I don't rotate the tired. I don't tune it up. Exactly. That's exactly right. Yeah. Well, you've certainly wrecked my day, doctor, but I appreciate you doing this, taking all the time to explain this. We still have a good medical system. It's probably still in many respects, The best in the world. I, I have to believe that. But it's in, in disarray and it's definitely in, I believe in decline.


And I believe that it's gonna take some, some effort, some will from people that are willing to, to make those difficult changes. Well, Thank you for your bravery. I don't consider myself brave, but I appreciate that. Appreciate the thought. Thank you. Well, nobody else is. So, and, and I can't Thank you enough for giving me a, a, a pedestal in which to, to, yeah. I had an emergency appendectomy once by Dr. Leon Paxter, who was an amazing surgeon. And it, you know, it saved me. So, and I think most people have had an experience like that. And, you know, it's important. Surgeon with an interest. Interesting factoid. Yeah. Abram Kendi, the, the author of Anti-Racism, Not a surgeon.


Not a surgeon. He's an author of Anti-Racism. A moron. Yep. He had colon cancer. Yep. And, And he reported that he went to, he interviewed several surgeons, black surgeons showed the white surgeon for his surgery. Shouldn't he was the most competent. Shouldn't be allowed. Nope. You get the surgeon from Burkina Fossa. Abram Kendi. That's my opinion. Thank you, doctor. But I'm obviously a vindictive, bad person. So anyway, thanks. I appreciate It. Appreciate the time. We wanna Thank you for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day. We know the people who run it. Good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bells.


You never miss an episode. We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter, telling the truth, always, you'll not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell. We appreciate it. Thanks for watching.