
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. It's tax season, and we're all a bit tired of numbers, but here's one you need to hear, $16.5 billion. That's how much the IRS flagged for possible identity fraud last year. Now, here's a good number, 100 million. That's how many data points LifeLock monitors every second. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it guaranteed. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


Doctor, Thanks a lot for coming on. So you spent your life, you know, 50 years working on treatments for cancer, and when you started, it seemed like we were moving in the west toward the elimination of cancer. Smoking was a huge emphasis. Get rid of tobacco and cancer rates will drop ca. Obviously smoking does cause cancer and we got rid of it, basically, but cancer rates went up and that is an very rarely remarked upon mystery. That really bothers me. Tell us, since you, you know, you made billions of dollars selling your companies, but you're still involved in medical research, which I admire.


Where are we now with cancer? What are you seeing in cancer rates? Well, what's, what really worrisome to me now is not just the rate, but the population in which it's increasing. IE the younger people. So we clearly seeing an increase in certain types of cancer, like pancreatic cancer, ovarian cancer, and we are seeing it colon lung cancer, and we're seeing it in younger people.


Just to set a baseline, what's the 10 year survival rate for pancreatic cancer? It's horrible. I think, you know, if you have pancreatic cancer today, I don't think there is a 10 year survival rate, so to speak. Yes. What there is, however, if you have patients who are what we call fail all standard of care, survival rate is in months, you measure it in two months. Yeah, That's certainly my understanding. Having watched a lot of people die of it. So advanced pancreatic cancer is a death sentence. Where are you seeing it now? Well, I, I gotta tell you a a a really concerning story. It's not only am I seeing it now, I'm seeing it in younger people.


And for the first time in my career, you know, when I left U-C-L-A-I was doing all the Whipples, which is a surgery to actually remove most of the pan, a very big operation. You You're a surgeon as well? I'm a surgeon, yes. And I was also doing pancreas transplants for type two diabetes and eyelet cell transplants and stem cell transplants. So I had this diverse activity as A-U-C-L-A assistant professor, but I never saw pancreatic cancer in children. And the greatest surprise to me was a 13-year-old with metastatic pancreatic cancer that the family called us to help.


And to me that was not only devastating, it emphasized the idea that we seeing people with higher incidence of pancreatic cancer and younger. Right now in our clinic we have 45-year-old, 50-year-old. And what was sad about this young boy, by the time he came, came to see us, he had exhausted all the standard of care. And he came from Butler, Pennsylvania and all the major medical centers really had exhausted all the therapy. By the time he came to see us, his body was ridden And he passed away.


So seeing cancers now in younger people and almost a rise, almost like a, i I wanna call it a non-infectious pandemic, but this is what I think is gonna, the worrisome in the world, not just in the United States, but largely in the United States, we're being to see this and it's really worrisome. A non-infectious pandemic of cancer, including deadly cancers. Correct. Like pancreatic in, in your career, which I think is about 50 years of working on this, how many 13-year-old pancreatic cancer patients have you seen? Never. Never. I, I, I, I inquired around because it bothered me so much now of why this is happening.


So Dr. Stephen Day was a good friend who, who was trained with me at UCLA when I was at UCLA, he's now at the Angeles clinic. And I called him And he said, listen, Patrick, I'm now seeing an 8-year-old, a 10-year-old, an 11-year-old with colon cancer. We've never colon, colon cancer, we've never seen that. We're seeing now 30-year-old, 40-year-old ladies, young ladies with ovarian cancer. So this is a real phenomenon of a rise of cancer in early people, in, in young people. And earl in and, and really need to get to the bottom of that. Do you notice a difference in the virility of the cancer of the speed with which it moves?


Well, I'm getting reports they've even called it turbocharged cancer. Yes, I've heard that Phrase. Right. I'm getting reports of that now that people that have been in remission before even are now getting back the cancers and very rapidly progressing. So if you really think about what the cause of cancer is, you know, and I did a piece with Sanjay Gupta many, many years ago on 60 minutes and I said, you know, the course of cancer is, its inability, it's not the rapidity of its growth, but it's inability to die. And its inability to die is because it either hides from the cells that are matter IE your natural killer cells, your T cells or, and this is what I'm really worried about, your body and the cancer has found a way to suppress your killer cells.


And once they do that, once they activate what are call the suppressive cells and you call yourself immunosuppressed and then I think you see this rapid progression because there's nothing stopping them. What could possibly be causing this? Well, I think if you look back of causes, you know, ironically when I was doing at UCLA, I was working on pancreas transplant where I want to immunosuppress the patients. Yes, you have to. Yeah, because you prevent. And then I was working on cancer where I don't want to immunosuppress. So I I, I needed to understand the body's mechanism.


And we have a crazy, wonderful exquisite balance in our body. You have the yin and the yang of the killer cells and these things called natural killer cells and T cells Whose job is to kill anything that threatens the body. It's whose job is to kill quite right. Anything that's written in the body, whether you, the body has infection, if you have tb, you have HIV, if you have hepatitis, you have covid. These cells are there to recognize these infected cells and kill it. As you and I are sitting here today, our stem cells are growing in order to replenish parts of your body, your heart, you, if you didn't have that, you wouldn't have a heart at age of 14, you need those stem cells.


But mathematically there are some cells that are transformed and your body recognizes that through these natural killer cells and kills it. I call that nature's first responder. And that's your mechanism. That's how we are all protected and we are the state of equilibrium or balance. On the other hand, the moment either the tumor find a way to hide from these cells or your body's or the tumor causes these cells to be suppressed. And that's why I call this the suppressive cells. And there are certain cells in your body called treg cells or myelo derived suppressive cells.


There is all technical that when they get upregulated you've lost your protection. And so the question then is how do we understand this balance? How do we increase the killers and how do we decrease the suppressors? So that's been 50 years of my challenge of, and how do we expose the tumor? So on the one hand you need to expose the tumor because it hides from the killers and other hand you activate the killers. In the other hand you have to suppress the suppresses. So we truly praying a good game of chess and I think like a astrophysicist where you're looking for god's particle where all these molecules are, are, are floating around, talking to each other, all the cells are floating around talking to each other.


And this dynamic interaction. And how do you understand all of that? You know, one of The best, most fun lectures I gave, I gave a lot of lectures on this and try to be non-technical because it's basic what I call basic immunology. And the problem with cancer is it's being treated by oncologists and not immunologists and immunologists don't see patients 'cause they look at basic immunology. And then when you have infection and you have virology, so this cross disciplines of virology, immunology on oncology, all these allergies don't talk to each other.


Yes. So so you're saying just big picture for non-specialists of, of which I'm of course one, you're saying that cancer is to some extent a problem with your immune system. It is everything about your immune system. Okay. So You've got all kinds of defective cells that could become cancer or cancer in your body at all times. At all times. But your body is zapping them. Correct. Right. Which is, and that's the fundamental balance of the human body. Correct. And when that body gets outta balance, when the killer cells become suppressed or less effective, that's when you get cancer. Correct. Okay, so I'm sorry to interrupt. I just No, it's, I, I love it because that, that, that's the perfect interpretation that I couldn't do in a non-technical way because I think that's a, i I get too nerdy.


So I'm glad Well, you are a doctor, So, but that's, that, that's I think is what's happening in our body. We have these perturbations, but we are in equilibrium, you know, and that's a good thing. The moment you knock yourself out of equilibrium. Now what could knock you out of equilibrium? That's why when, you know, Bobby Kennedy's talking about and standing up about the toxins in our food, the toxins in PFAS, the, the processed food and viral infections. And really what knocks you outta balance basically is inflammation.


If you have inflammation in your body, there's this, now I'm gonna get nerdy again, these cells called neutrophils that actually see an infection and tries to kill it, which it does. But if there's persistent information, these neutrophils actually flip into suppressive cell. So what people don't realize is that we have the yin yang in our body that every cell has a counter cell. And that's where I, I was about to go there. I said the most fun conversation I had where I was asked by astrophysicist or physicist to give a lecture is I, I named this concept of cancer, a quantum theory like a physicist.


And that in our body we have cells that can be in two states, it can be a killer or, or or or suppressor. And like the schroders cat, it could be alive or dead and it depends what you do with it. And so I named the syn quantum onco therapeutics just to be controversial so that doctors could understand what I'm talking about is that we need to understand the fact that you have a killer T-cell and you have a killer suppressor cell. We have an M1 macrophage that actually chomps things up in M two macrophages. So that blocks that you have an NK cell that kills and NK cells that inhibits and we need to have that balance, otherwise you'll get into autoimmune disease.


But there's a thing called quantum entanglement that is this cat alive was this cat dead? If somebody interacts with that and the person that interacts with that is the doctor. So you as a doctor could either be enlightened enough to activate just the activators and suppress, suppresses, suppresses and change the dynamic towards the cure. But it's very complex because it's now quantum because all those changes are happening in minutes in your body. These molecules, like god's particle where they're colliding with each other themselves are colliding and interacting happens within minutes.


So you need to have a theory of how do you interact at that level. And in so doing, the first thing you need to understand is how does cancer happen and then how does it grow? How do you stop it? This idea of a vaccine, a cancer vaccine, do you radiate the cancer? Do you remove the cancer? Do you remove the lymph nodes? Do you give chemotherapy? And crazy enough, over the last 50 years I figured out that everything we are doing is not the word wrong. 'cause that's a bad statement.


A pejorative statement is not enlightened or a better way to say it. 'cause everything we are doing is tipping the scales towards the suppressive cells. We are activating the suppressive cells. We are not activating the killing cells. And we can go into this conversation where I can explain that. So the key system which you just said is cancer's all about the immune system. So if you activate the immunosuppression system, you get more cancer. So then the fundamental root cause is what's activating that immune system on the other way. Yes. And that's inflammation. Something is suppressing people's immune system, including a poor 13-year-old boy who died of pancreatic cancer.


And the question is, what is that? And maybe there are a lot of causes, but it is, you know, we're not the first people to notice there's been an increase in scary cancers in populations that didn't use to get them. It's very obvious just from living here. And a lot of people have pointed to both covid the virus and to the mRNA covid vaccines as potential causes. Do you think that they're related? The best way for me to answer that is to look at history. What we know about viral induced cancers is well established. We know that if you get hepatitis, you get liver cancer, hepatitis is a virus infection. You know, if you get human papilloma virus, HPV, you get cervical cancer.


Yes. So Certain kinds of throat cancer are caused by viruses as well. Right? If you get HIV you could Kaposi sarcoma. Yes. So we call that oncogenic viruses in medical terms, meaning viruses that are induced carcinogenic. And the fundamental basis for that are threefold. The hallmarks of an oncogenic viruses one, it must persist. And why? Because it continues to create inflammation. And why with inflammation you get suppression because your body's trying to suppress it. It must inhibit the thing called P 53 that's in your body to try and protect your body from not having cancer.


And if it persists and causes inflammation and, And he inhibits P 53, it begins to have the hallmarks of an oncogenic virus. So then the question is, does covid with it come from the vaccine, which is the spike protein vaccine or from the infection, which is spike driven? That gets into every cell of our body because it goes through the every Cell of the Body. It goes wherever you have the thing called the ACE two receptor, which is in the blood vessels. So wherever you have a blood vessel in your body, it's where it's gonna go. And if it has an ACE two receptor on that blood vessel, that's where it can go because that's the purpose of the spike protein to penetrate, to hijack that a two recipient get into their cells.


So that's why it gets in the pancreatic. That's why you have brain fog. 'cause it, it disrupts the blood vessels of the brain and, and cause mitochondrial dysfunction. It's why in the colon, which is a high in the GI tract, is a high ACE two receptor. That's why pancreas a two A two receptor. Where that's why you people have in the, in the heart you have dysfunction, you, you've seen young people have sudden heart attacks. All of a sudden you see young people with pancreatic cancer, all of a sudden you see young people with colon cancer all of a sudden. So is it by coincidence that post covid infection, post covid vaccine, we're seeing all these events where we know the spike protein goes there?


I don't think so. I think it's not a coincidence. So the question is, can we prove, is this what I call long covid virus persisting? And the group at University of California central in Francisco has now definitively proven that and published that in papers like nature. Can we also prove that once you have that persistence of that virus, does that covid virus suppress the natural killer cell? Does that natural killer cell actually not only go to sleep becomes what we call allergic that's now been published. The natural killer cell has gone to sleep. So that, wait, so By your definition, we just solved the mystery right there.


I, I think so. I think this is the conversation I had with the well But wait, I mean billions of people, literally billions of people had the covid virus over a billion got the spike protein vaccine. So that's like, we're talking like a huge percentage of the earth's population. Unless I'm missing something Now you understand what keeps me awake at night and kept me awake at night for two years, two and a half years. And that's why I sort of abandoned everything just to focus on how do we clear the virus? 'cause the answer is to clear the virus From the Body. From the body. The answer is to stop the inflammation because it's chronic inflammation.


Privacy should be a right for all citizens in this country. It's a prerequisite to freedom. No privacy, no freedom. Unfortunately in America, privacy is a luxury. So who gets the luxury of privacy? You don't. We don't. Privacy is given to government agencies. They've got millions of classified documents. Actually over a billion in this country. The average American citizen meanwhile is being watched every time he or she goes online. Data brokers are tracking and recording everything you do. And they're selling what they learn about you and your private life to advertisers, even to the government, to the NSA. What do you do about it? Well we use a product called Express. VPN Express. VPN is an app that sends a hundred percent of your online traffic through secure encrypted servers. And that means that everything you do online, your personal data, your personal information is shielded from the creeps who want to sell it to other businesses or the government. Express VPN also hides your IP address. And that means the brokers cannot exploit you. They can't sell you as a product to the highest bidder. ExpressVPN works on up to eight devices at once. It's fast, it's easy to use. It's number one rated by industry professionals. So until we get privacy, you're gonna have to make your own privacy. And we do it with ExpressVPN right now. You can get an extra four months of ExpressVPN for free. Scan the QR code on the screen or go to ExpressVPN dot com slash tucker and get four extra months for free. That's ExpressVPN dot com slash tucker


Don Jr. Here guys, are you receiving letters from the IRS claiming you owe back taxes? As penalties and interest fees pile up the IS gives you no clear path to resolution. Don't speak to them on your own. They are not your friends. To reach a team of licensed tax professionals that can help you reduce, settle and resolve your tax matters, go to tn usa.com and check 'em out. Solve your Tax problems today. Call 1 807 8 0 8 8 8 8 or visit tn usa.com. That's 1 807 8 0 8 8 8 8.


So can I say, ask a dumb question, how long does the virus remain in the human body? If Not, so far we've found three years, four years. Is there any reason to believe it'll naturally go away? Not if your body's aim is suppressed. So it's a circle. You ask what causes cancer because your body's aim is suppressed. You have in your body nature's compound. And if the tumor or the infection or the inflammation suppresses it, you have to find a way to reactivate it and clear the virus. It's literally as simple as that. And that's the missing link that I think we can So It sounds like you're describing what could be like the worst human health crisis in history.


I I, I dunno how to say that without saying it. It scares a pants off me because I think what we may be, it's, I don't think it's virus versus men now, you know? Right. This is existential. I I think when I talk about in the largest non-infectious pandemic that we afraid of, this is it. Because while there was an increased rising in cancers in our country because of the idea of the toxins and everything else, this immunosuppression that has occurred now globally and more importantly the immunosuppression tied to inflammation, chronic inflammation, which is asymptomatic.


And sometimes, and sometimes it's not. This 15 million Americans with long covid and they're not psychiatric when they have memory loss. They're not psychiatric when they have instantaneous heart attacks. It's not psychiatric when you have an 80-year-old, 10-year-old with colon cancer, a 13-year-old pancreatic cancer. So the idea was, is this solution and this is what thank God. Well I Certainly hope so because you spent your life around scary diseases. Like that's been your life. Yeah. And if you're scared, then that's, that's not a good sign.


I'm scared but hopeful. I think it's important for me to have this conversation with you. Not just, that's why. Okay, I'll, I'll share with you a conversation I had. I got invited by the CEO of the Henry Jackson Foundation to come to DC I think October, November last year during the election phase. And just to have a conversation about, about what I'm doing. And there he brought the leader from Walter Reed, the bar, the DOD, the NIH, the NIID. All into that room. It was just me. And I said, it is time, it is time for me to reveal to this learned group of leaders about what I'm scared about.


And I spent, I think it was three hours, no slides, just me speaking alone on the stage. And all of them in the audience, When I first started the conversation, the first sentence was, I think Covid is oncogenic. One of the members of the audience said, that's nonsense. I said, okay, lemme explain to you what we've been doing in our research. At the end of three hours, four hours, he says, you've gotta publish this. This is so important. And I said, yes, we are processing the publication. And in what came out was this paper that they biopsied the colon of young people temporally when no covid took covid and showed the persistence of replicating viruses in the colon tissue.


Two years out Replicating covid viruses, Replicating covid viruses replicating, asymptomatic replicating in the tissue, meaning there's inflammation. And when you have this inflammation, these neutrophils now getting geeky again, plasticized flip from a protective neutrophil to a suppressive neutrophil, it's called an N two, it's called a myelo derived suppressor cell. That's an official name. So now you have suppression in your body and there's no wonder that then converts into colon cancer.


Wait, so is this true do you think for, I mean, have you had covid? No lucky Man, not man T-cell man. I have a T-cell in my body that protects me from the nucle capsid. Where do I get one? That trial was held up by the FDA and by Collins and F Fauci. Well You never got CVID because your protector cells were so strong. Not only a protect ourselves, if I do get covid, the virus clears. You want to clear the virus, Get the hell outta my body. Get it out.


Wait, I just wanna pause here. I know you're in the midst of a much larger story, but this is something I think everyone can understand. So I think I'm in good health. I am in Very robust health. Did you have covid? I did. How many times? One, I never took the vir. I never took the vaccine. Okay. But I got covid knocked me right on my butt. It was a bad three days. Fine. But I don't understand. You're older than I am. How did you never get, let's just, I just want to get very specific. Like how do I mean everyone on the planet got covid. Okay. So let me, lemme give you some idea. Okay.


One, because we understand the implications. My wife, Dutch wood also never got Covid because both of us, so this is, this is the story we by, by that unfortunately I relate this, it's a painful thing to me. 'cause I related to Kobe's death. It was during Kobe's time when he passed away. Yes. And at the funeral, Kobe Bryant who you were, you were close to Co correct? Very close to, yeah. And at the funeral, at his funeral, all the people in the room and there's I think November and I turned to Gavin Newsom and I said, listen, this is one virus I'm worried about.


'cause I was studying this virus, you know I understand HPV very well and I understand hepatitis. I said this is not a respiratory virus. This is a dangerous virus. So I went back and I shut down our organization so that we could actually do nothing else but covid. My entire team of hundreds of scientists on Zoom and everything else around the world. I said, we must go after this VI virus with a vaccine that clears the virus. And the only way to clear the virus is to have what we call a T-cell and NK cell, the cells that kills cancer cells.


And I wrote a paper with Carl G who says covid is like cancer and cancers like covid, meaning it's immune suppression that causes its spread and it's immune suppression by the covid virus that allows it to persist. So the only vaccine that's important is a T-cell vaccine. But that's why I'm telling you virologists think about antibodies versus cellular therapy. It's foreign to them to have a vaccine that stimulates T cells. So I said I understand that internally, It's a little weird since in 20 minutes you explained it to me, not particularly high iq, not a scientist.


I understand exactly what you're saying. Why don't vir, why isn't it obvious to virologists? Why isn't that like day one lesson in virology school? That the T cells, that the, the cells that protect you against all potential internal harm, they're the key. Because every vaccine so far is antibody based. Dogma. Dogma, Blind spots. Okay, now we're cooking with guests. Now I understand what you're talking about. Dogma blind spots. Nicely put. Okay, I'm sorry. I keep stepping under story Sue. No, So you figure out you're not stepping 'cause you, you are allowing, you are actually interpreting as pleasure to me because I don't know what I'm saying sometimes, whether it's going to be so geeky it gets lost.


It's important for the audience for you to interpret. This is what Sanjay did for me in the 60 minutes. He was brilliant in this. He spent two years with me by the way, doing a little 15 minute piece. Wow. Yeah. We'd come to la we'd do the series of shoot, shoot, shoot, Shoot, shoot. Damn we just had breakfast. That's it. But but can I, okay, so you figure out early, everyone's panicked about covid. Okay. But your position is they're panicked for the wrong reasons. Correct. And actually maybe they're not quite as panicked as they should be because this virus could pave the way for cancer because it will suppress the immune system of the human body. So you, in November you said when did you Right, so, so by March, 2020 we had the vaccine March, 2020 because I had built a full GMP facility for cancer using the same vaccine that NCI had retested for HPV and for colon cancer, a thing called ca.


So I'd create this, this vaccine in which we would educate your body prior to covid for the treatment cancer to educate the T-cells to recognize a cancer cell to kill it. That's called a cancer vaccine. But which by the way is for the only vaccine in clinical trials today to prevent cancer that the NCI is running using our technology. Is there any way You can take the word vaccine out and call it something Else? I'm calling it BioShield. Good. Because Vaccine just scares the crap Out of people at this point. I know, but because it's not a vaccine in that general sense of an antibody-based vaccine, it's your body's BioShield. So we announce it on the show, we're gonna call this project BioShield, which by the way in 2004 there was a BioShield act for national madness for against radiation against a pandemic or infectious diseases.


So we have, the worst thing that can happen to you is to have a one dose of radiation or wipe out your NK cells in your T cells. That's how you die. Yes. That's how you get cancer. Zaps your immune system, EAPs your immune system. So we wanted to create a BioShield and the BioShield is to educate your body to have these T cells called memory T cells that go and hide in the bone marrow and come out when they need it and kill that cell so it can never do damage. That's the concept. And it's not a foreign concept. We published it with the National Cancer Institute.


So by March, 2020, I took all my, our resources, thank God we had the resources. So that's the sort of gift. Was this your money? All my money. Okay. So I should just say, I, I alluded to it earlier, but you had a couple of companies making cancer drugs. You owned all of 'em. I mean you owned I think a hundred percent of the companies, you sold them for $10 billion or something. So, but rather than buy a vineyard, you continued in your work. Is that a fair, Very fair. You know, I, as I said to you over breakfast, I had no idea about stocks. So when the two companies were bought And they were bought for the right reasons. So one company was American Pharmaceutical Partners and we were making literally close to a million vials a day in the United States manufacturing of 150 different SKUs for every part of the hospital.


And was say for heparin. So Nia said, we wanna buy you. And we said great. And then I'm, I developed this molecule that was feeding the tumor that could actually activate the immune system to, to activate the macrophage. It's called Abraxane. And Celgene said, we wanna buy you. I said great. And the purpose for my selling them was not for the money, clearly it was for the money. But the purpose of the use of the money to pursue this dream of this astrophysics, to find God's particle in your human body to activate your immune system. That was the purpose of this money. And that's all I've done with the money. I spent about $3 billion of this money. I've not gotten one penny from the government.


Not even one dime. You're the only one. Yeah. And maybe that's the freedom and the liberation. Allow me to say what I can, I can say now. Yes, That's right. So again, I keep pulling this away 'cause there's a lot here that's interesting. But how does you not get covid? Okay, so I recognized that. So Peter Marks and I had these conversations. So he, he was head of siba and I was in, ping him with the science because this is a biologic. And I was saying to Peter, listen Peter, I need to show you that we need to create a T-cell vaccine.


And he said, well we don't do T-cell vaccines, everybody's doing the other vaccines, but great, let's continue the antibody vaccines. Antibody vaccines. And then he called me And he said, we're gonna create warp speed. And he's a Star trek. And I'm a star trek and I love warp speed. I said, okay, we gotta do this in warp speed. Absolutely. But the only way, Peter, you're gonna do this in warp speed. You need, we need as a country to have NIH and border fund a trial where we take maca monkeys, we give them the vaccine and everybody should throw their vaccine in because I don't care where, it's not mine or theirs, whoever's vaccine to clear the virus.


The only way to this experiment you give the monkeys the vaccine, it's under your control. You have a hundred monkeys. Everybody gets a a, a set of vaccines and then you infect the, the, the, the, the monkeys in the BSL three facility with a high dose of covid. And then you see in their lungs and the tissue that there's no virus after seven days. Absolutely. That was warp speed. So I was one of eight of warp speed. Then I get a call Patrick u de warped you or are they, I said, test my vaccine.


Anyway, they did a vaccine, tested the in agent border, it cleared the virus as I predicted there was no virus in the lungs and after big infection. So I said, okay, I'm d warped. And this was a Francis Collins scheme and Anthony Fauci scheme and laui scheme. And we, one day we'll talk about the conversation I have with Muncie Laui and what I've learned about Francis Collins in that, in that event, And they were gonna go after this antibody vaccine, which is this mRNA vaccine with Spike.


And I said, this is too important. I told my people, we are gonna build our own vaccine with our own money. I couldn't get enough material other than to do one batch. And we're gonna do a phase one trial and we're gonna inject as many people that we can do in the phase one trial. I'm one of them. I injected myself and your wife and then, and we are gonna measure, I talk about, I don't wanna talk about the family. Oh of course I, and we're gonna measure my own blood. I drew my own blood and tested and I have T-cells to, to nucleocapsid and to spike, which means if I were to get covid Dutch word, the T cells now are memory T cells would clear the virus.


So we then tried, begged, begged because, not for funding even, But for the plastic bags that were now restricted, as you grow these things to Pfizer and Moderna, all the materials that you need in a biologic facility got zero. I've only got one batch. So say I'm going to South Africa and inject these in patients with HIV 'cause that's the biggest test you could have. You couldn't generate T cells in the patients with HIV and do this phase two and phase three trial in South Africa.


So we did that. And then I called Peter and I said, Peter, I I I'm sorry, what were the results? Like T-cells, the people that interestingly enough, it doesn't say, just so you know, you have to differentiate that does it actually prevent the penetration of the virus versus the load of the virus versus the clearance of the virus? These are three different things. So we think it prevents the penetration, but we don't know because as soon as it does penetrate, it would clear.


So you wouldn't even know, or the T-cell vaccine, this is anecdotal, but some of the people who got our T-cell vaccine, their family members got covid, they didn't get it, obviously the vaccine, And they didn't get covid from the time while living with the family. The issue of clearing the virus in transmission was the key. So an antibody vaccine may reduce the viral load and therefore reduce death, which is a good thing that President Trump did. But the next generation of clearing the virus was what was needed. And both should have been developed simultaneously.


It wasn't. And I'll share with you to this day, it's a mystery to me why, But The, the opportunity to clear the virus was actually known, I think by Bo, by Collins and by Fauci that it did not clear the virus. The Spike Vaccines, the spike vaccine, the Pfizer Moderna, the antibody vaccine does not end to this day, does not clear the virus. That seems like a big deal. Well I just, what we talked about, if you don't clear the virus and you have a pieces of the virus in there, especially spike, whether from the infection or from the vaccine.


And now you get another infection. Now the virus brings along this nucleic capsid. Now it re conjoins and replicates again in these what they call privileged sites two years later. So what we've seen, now we are back to persistence that's now published just months ago. And this is what I shared with NH secretly four months ago. And persistence, asym asymptomatic persistence, but with inflammation and reduction of P 53 and immunosuppression are all the hallmarks and recipes for cancer.


And coming back to your first question is why are we seeing an increase in young people? I think all of the above, the toxins, the history of the red dye, the pfas, the covid, all of the both Does, both covid and the covid vaccine lower over time. The human immune system, The vaccine itself upregulates temporarily the antibodies, but if the vaccine, the this, the spike protein breaks off and the d the RNA or DNA goes into the cells and with it from infection or the vaccine, that's where the controversy is, right?


It could be both. And the vaccine doesn't clear the virus. That's the key. It doesn't clear the virus. And that's why we were told, of course you take the virus and then you can't get covid or transmit it. But it's not true. But neither one turned out to be true demonstrably untrue. I mean, Well it's not only demonstrably untrue, it was knowingly untrue. That's what's bad about Would seem like that's criminal actually. I mean if I tell you that, you know, this car gets 40 miles to the gallon and instead it blows up, which you know, that's a crime. You can't sell anything under false pretenses.


That's a crime. I don't see how this is not a crime. But, Well, as I, as you said of a breakfast, it's, it's not a conspiracy. If it's true, it's, I believe you're writing a book with that title.


You Probably have no idea where your meat comes from. You probably should know. The likelihood is that the meat you're eating passed through a massive industrial processing plant, probably owned by a foreign corporation. Foreign meat. Did you sign up for that? We don't think you did. So you probably have no idea of knowing where the animal grew up, what that animal ate or what chemicals, big food pumped into that animal to increase profits. That's all kept secret. Meaning You can never really know what you're putting in your mouth and in your body. That's disgusting if you think about it. And it's easy to fix. Merriweather Farms a farm owned by friends of ours is a great option. We use their meat, we eat their meat for every meal. Unlike corporate farmers, Merriweather farms controls the entire thing from the pasture. The cattle graze on to the facility where the beef is packaged in Wyoming and across the mountain west. The cattle raise without hormones, without antibiotics or any other additive clean American beef You can trust every single time. And they will ship it straight to your door. Go to merriweather farms.com/tucker, use the code Tucker 2025 for 10% off your first order. You can also save it a monthly subscription if you sign up today, that's merriweather farms.com/tucker. We eat it and vouch for it.


So, and you know that they knew, you've established for a fact that the developers of this and our public health authorities knew that the covid facts would neither prevent infection nor transmission. Yes. And wis, I think, you know, it's not well known that during the first President Trump election, he offered me a position and I turned it down because I said to him, I really could help him from outside in better than, and I had too much to do. I really was working on this, thank God, working on this potential cure for cancer as well as clearing the virus with covid.


This, this what I call the missing link, which we can talk about this activator of the unnatural killer cells, this BioShield and we have this BioShield now. So it was the right decision for me not to go into the government during that time and to stay, stay out. This was 16, 17, correct. But worse, I've since discovered, not by my inquiry, but it's been revealed to me emails about Francis Collins and some politicians work hard to prevent me from even joining becoming head of NIH. And I think that was the motivation all the way downstream that we asked, okay, so what happened to this vaccine?


So I called the FDA and said, okay, I can't do a randomized placebo controlled trial now because you've got Pfizer's Moderna vaccines all over the place, so let me be the booster. And Peter Marks, to his credit, was the one who said absolutely. Peter Marks to his credit, was the one who says, I'm worried about this covid vaccine and this long covid. I want to study the effects of this vaccine. Peter Walkworth then said to me, Patrick, fine, go ahead. I injected the first three patients as a booster. I get the call from the FDA to say, you have to stop.


I said, why? To this day? They never explained to me. It wasn't Peter, it was people around Peter said, you must stop. So we stopped And there was nothing more we could do anyway 'cause we didn't have any of the resources, the money, the su supplies to complete a phase three. So The government has a monopoly on some of the materials that you need to do this kind of testing in a bio lab. Is that, is that correct? Correct. But now we are into the Biden era. So now we are in the Biden era that said, I must stop this is 2020 now. Oh, now beyond. Beyond, you know, it, it was, yeah, it was during the Biden era and I think there, there was this, sadly I'm, I'm not a conspiracy theorist, but now I've come to realize it truly was a deep state inside there that had a motivation beyond, it's sad to say it's the most devastating to say beyond public health.


And you know, I just tweeted recently of how so few people could hurt so many. And that's why when I tweeted about finally we have the right person in HHS with Bobby Kennedy, we will take this on and that we have doctors that will be like Marty McCarry. I don't know, but I do know he is a surgeon who can understand and touch and feel what it means to be there on behalf of the patient and my support for that. I think we have a chance now to completely turn this around in his next few years.


I think this last election was in part about that. I think the national realization that Covid was, there was something very dark there. It wasn't just a virus that happened upon us naturally. That there was, there was, there was a lot of evil bound up in it. But just to back up a second, you said you have learned from watching Covid that a few people can hurt so many. Who are those people? I think the main culprit really sitting there was Collins, Francis Collins, Francis Collins. And he controlled, I mean, I had shared with President Trump that Francis Collins should not be the NH director.


He offered me a job. Peter Thiel nominated me and I've since found emails of Francis Collins sending an email to a politician that alarm bells. Alarm bells. Peter Thiel's nominated Patrick Sean, we have to find a way to stop it. Why to this day, power greed, political need. He did the same thing with Craig fto. And remember during Clinton's time with the Human Genome Project, where Craig Ventor invented this sequencing machine for tens of millions of dollars And he spending billions of dollars doing nothing but wanted the credit.


I I, I think what happens to you when you get into, into Washington, the ego, greed and power changes your own mindset. So I can give motivation to that. All I can tell you is when I saw that email, I was devastated that somebody would actually go to that extent and then send that same email to the CEO of bio, which is all big pharma. And that CEO of bio said, let's go to Google search to find some dirt on him, Dirt on you, On me to stop me from being nominated to be head of NIH or whatever.


Let's Google him to stop him. There's Google to find some dirt, some bad stuff, negative research, whatever they want to find. They, they probably couldn't find any dirt on me. But that was the interchange between them on email. But the funny thing is, you made a product and, but by the way, a clarification of terms, my understanding was a vaccine was administered to a healthy person to prevent him from getting the disease. You're describing a product, the one that you made that You can inject into an infected person and it cures the infection. That sounds more like a conventional medicine than a vaccine. It's a therapeutic. A therapeutic. Correct. So, you know, I use the word vaccine because that's what they understood.


You know, it's, it's dog augment terminology, right? But you're, you're giving this to people who have covid, who have HIV Well I want to give it to people who don't have covid so they can actually of course do get covid. But then no way give I am and I'll giving to patients with HIV I'm giving to people with HPV I'm giving people who, who are getting cancer and have cancer. And more importantly, I, there's one in 280 Americans, one in 280 Americans have this thing called lynch syndrome. What Lynch syndrome is the genetic predisposition of an 80% increase of colon cancer, ovarian cancer, breast cancer. It's a genetic predisposition where your cells don't repair themselves.


Yeah, I lost a friend to this. Yes, We are in clinical trials for the BioShield for patients with Lynch syndrome. We, and I have a hundred patients enrolled already giving them this BioShield that'll prevent cancer. So it's one of the first trials of prevention of cancer rigor and treatment of cancer. Then this drug, this BioShield, I keep on, not wanna call it the vaccine, has just gotten proven 2024 before bladder cancer. We now have people who failed everything who would have the bladder removed. Think about that. Your bladder removed the 9% mortality just from the surgery alone, where we've given them this BioShield, that's all they got is a subcutaneous injection, or sorry, into the bladder.


And they are now free of disease, still complete remission. Nine years out alive today we can talk to them. Published, we have patients with metastatic pancreatic cancer. We just published verse three of disease five years out. Senator Reed who came to see me after having failed all other treatment with his pancreatic cancer spread his liver came to see me And he said to me, Patrick, I'm here. But I checked with Francis Collins who said, don't go. I said, well Senator Reed, it's your choices.


I'm coming. And we gave him the therapy And he C 19 went down to normal And he lived for 2, 2, 2 years free of disease. He actually came, was very active. We had a patient with Merkel cell carcinoma, which is a terrible disease of failed everything. He came into our clinic, complete response nine years out And he died of other causes. The reason I met Robert, RJF Robert Jr. I never, I've not known him for about four months, is I called Bobby Shriver, his cousin.


His cousin. And the reason I knew Bobby Shriver, because Bobby called me seven years prior to that, saying, Patrick, I'm on the city council of Santa Monica and the mayor of Santa Monica has this terrible tumor in his head and neck. It's ulcerating under his chin, ulcerating through his S jaw and UCLA and Cedar, the Sinai. He said, he's got two weeks to live. He's gotta go to hospice. Can you see him? I said, absolutely Bobby, I think he needs our natural killer cells, he needs our BioShield. So I brought him to our clinic, which we have in Los Angeles in El Segundo. The nurses broke into tears. The nurses says, Patrick, what are you doing? UCLA said he has to go to hospice.


You should give this man. I said, no, you don't understand. We can dynamically activate this and this is all as an outpatient. We got him into complete remission. Complete remission to the extent is he's still alive. So it healed and this melted the tumor. He went home because it was exposed. A little bleed happened in the blood vessel. His family took him to St. John's. And then they called me frantically and says, the doctor says, do not resuscitate. I said, what call? Let me speak to that doctor. He said, well, it's bleeding and it's got this thing is he's, I think his, he was in his late seventies, early eighties.


I said, please clip it. It's complete response and we're gonna do a flap to cover that. He did, we did the flap. He lived for two years. Eat was able to eat. So when I called Bobby and I said, Bobby, You remember what we did? He said, absolutely Patrick, a lot of people have asked me to introduce to to Robert. You know, Robert and I don't speak very much. We've had an argument about, about, about his ideas. And I said, I understand, but I'm gonna give you a number to to to to to to Robert, to Bobby Kennedy and he'll call you.


Bobby called me in 10 minutes and I said, Bobby, I'd like to introduce myself. He said, Patrick, can I meet with you? I said, please. And he came to meet with me at my home and we had this long conversation and I realized I've just, I've watched your your show with him. He is what he is or, or an authentic man with a sense of purpose. Conviction. Courage. He says what he really believes. Sometimes it may be wrong, sometimes it may be right, but he says what he believes. And I really believed, oh my God, you're somebody who would have the courage to take on the world and ask the questions.


And I said, I'm gonna support you. And that's what happened. That's how I got to know him. Amazing. He was dismissed by no, not just dismissed, attacked or vilified by a lot of people in the medical establishment. I would say, everybody what? Why were you willing to listen to him? Because what he's saying is exactly what I was saying. And I I am sort of attacked by the same people because of the dogma that's out there. So lemme give you this example. I said Bobby, I, and I shared with him the story about Hope Hicks. I said that you, you, you probably just walked out to the office.


And I walked in in 2016. In 2017. I said, listen, you people think of you as saying you shouldn't have a polio vaccine. You, that you're an anti-vaccination. What you really are saying, you're worried about the excipients inside the vaccine. So about the what? The, okay, so that's a technical, the materials that that go in with the vaccine. Yes. The mercury Et cetera with the mercury, et cetera. So I understand there's a polio vaccine is 1, 2, 3, 4 polio vaccines have now been manufactured. And now that all of a sudden there's a new polio vaccine that's manufactured in which we have cow's, serum calf serum inside that vaccine.


And I know, and you know, everybody knows in the UK knows You can get PreOn disease from this calf serum 'cause You can measure that. So that got approved in four days with just 'cause of safety, the way dogma is happening. But there's other polio vaccines, so You can take the other polio vaccines, but don't take that one. Just like I was telling you about, maybe I was telling you about propofol story of a breakfast and you should explain it that way, that you wanted just to be examined. And he said Exactly. I said, okay, not only did I get him, he is asking the right questions and people are scared to ask these questions because his perverse incentives and that was what bothered me.


But In science, shouldn't any question be allowed. Exactly. So when I tweeted, I said, he knows more science than most doctors. He's much of a, it's A good thing you're rich because you'd be out of a job tweeting stuff like that. But it is right. And that's what's a blessing. I think, you know, I live the American dream and that's why you said, okay, I made this money. The money is for the purpose of me able to do this. And I was very concerned about being too loud about it because if the steep state would hold up the approval, And they did, by the way, they put us into complete response letter.


I got a thousand requests for information. The most, my submission was close to 700,000 pages in order to get this thing through. 700,000. It's like the US tax code. This drug has been in trials now for eight years, 2015. How Long was the Pfizer mRNA Covid vaccine in trials? Months, a month. Not even. So that's why I'm trying to say, you know, this the, when, when You, I know it's what I'm taking. You know when you would talk about the, the user fees. So we thought that the user fees was going to accelerate the approval where the FDA gets user fees from pharma.


It turns out that the big pharma user fees are so large, it pays for the salary for all these reviewers. So now the biotech companies, the young biotech companies are throttled. So the big pharma that does just as incremental little dots that just follow the revenue. This checkpoints multi-billion dollar Mercks what? 20 billion, $30 billion revenue. Bristol M follows it. AstraZeneca follows it, Roche follows it. There's no table the same. But it's all about incremental sameness and follow the dollar.


But the innovation is really at this young biotech companies that are throttle, this is what needs to be changed by the FDA today. They need a complete revamp where people with skillsets and the skillset of the modern science, not the old drugs, have to be in place to understand what's at stake here.


Time for Their true life. A story. I got a call from a friend of mine yesterday, honestly, true story, who said his girlfriend had just broken up with him over alp. He wouldn't stop. And I thought to myself, that's kind of sad. And he said, no, it's not sad. Imagine if I'd married her. Now I know I was saved. Then the next day, this same friend is driving at twice the speed limit through a major American city. Pulled over by a cop in a speed trap. Cop takes his license, registration goes back to the patrol car, runs him, comes back, looks in the window and sees a tin of ALP on the dashboard. Pauses stunned, says to my friend, use alp. Yeah, I do. Says my friend. So do I. Says, the cop, we all do. He looks at my friend thoughtfully and goes, drive safely, sir. And hands back his license and registration, no ticket. So in two days, he's saved from a tragic marriage to a girl who doesn't like ALP and a speeding ticket. All true. It's more than a nickel. In a nation of 350 million people are guessing. There are about 350 million ALP stories. Email us, yours, we want to know and read it on the air email tell all@alppouch.com. Tell all@alppouch.com. Give us your LP story.


We have to take the conflicts out too. I mean, if a reviewer is paid by the company whose drugs he's reviewing, that's like such an obvious conflict in no other world, would that be acceptable? Not only wouldn't be acceptable if then that reviewer has also the role to block an innovator of it gets worse. Right. Again, this just seems like crime to me. Yeah. I mean, I don't know if this were going on in another country for outside the United States, and I'm an American, so I give the United States every benefit of every doubt. It takes me forever to realize something's corrupt. 'cause it's America. It's not corrupt. But if this were happening, I don't just name the country, China, South Africa, you know, I'd be like, well that's the most corrupt thing I've ever heard.


Well, that's exactly the fear I have. Now. The Chinese don't have this restriction and their innovation is now outstripping us. Think about that. I've always said America's lead in healthcare and biomedical innovation is The best in the world. And if we could use biomedical innovation as foreign policy for Africa and to Asia and to India to bring that to the rest of the world, that's how we lead. I now read the papers and the Chinese science is now outstripping us. Look what happened to AstraZeneca just last week.


They just spent $2 billion investing in China. Now that's a tragedy for us, Not for manufacturing, For innovation. Oh, so that's not good. Not good Because the idea was we offshore all the manufacturing, but we the ideas right? Generate here. So AstraZeneca, English company. So what's what I am saying is the fundamental problem I think lies at the FDA and even the nh. So the change that Bobby's bringing in with Jay now being ahead of nh and Marty being head of FDA and Bobby himself, having the courage to stand up to talk both against the food industrial complex in the pharma complex, take on the Mercks of the world and the vices of the world.


I think we have maybe an opportunity, what I call a period of enlightenment. And really I'm all about enlightenment. And if You can look at this Sanjay piece, we are there now. So I want to actually send a, can I stop and ask you a question though? So your position is that cancer, but not just cancer, all kinds of illnesses are caused by weakened immune system and inflammation. It's all about the immune system. It, your body functions, you live or you die by the immune system, the senescent cells. Aging is the immune system. The cells in your body that allow you to go to a hundred years old, 120 years old is based on the activity and the function of the immune system.


'cause the immune system. What's regulating your healthy cells? Could we just go through, I know this is not like patentable, this is not your business, but it's, I'm, what are some of the obvious things a person can do to strengthen his immune system? So you ask what activates the natural killer cell? Yes. So this is your, it's like, you know when you look at the leaf and you talk about apoptosis and the leaf actually sits and goes brown and, and and, and it changes, but then goes back up. So all of human nature, all of nature is filled with this biology of this balance. So you have, you are a product of nature.


I mean literally you're a product of when you were tadpole and a fish as we came out. So this cell is, is evolved since a Cambrian age. Think about that. This cell, this natural killer cell in your body. I published my first article in natural killer cell in 1990. That's this cell was only discovered in 1970s. Think about that. And we've ignored that cell. This is what I call the missing link. I'm going to announce that at the American Ur Urology Conference in Las Vegas. In the end of end of this month, we have discovered, I've not discovered the missing link.


We've discovered the awareness of this missing link and how to activate this missing link. So the idea is to activate the natural killer cell. It has 30,000 receptors on this cell. What this natural killer cell does, it replenishes cell with sleep. So sleep is important. It replenish itself with light, with sunlight. And I believe there's a certain wavelength, the red wavelength in the sunlight that it actually requires for it to be stimulated. So This is why people get sicker in the Winter. Exactly. That's why Seattle is the highest suicide rate.


Think about that. Right? So these things, and if you look at the pla places like the Norway and Sweden where there's very little sun Finland. So nature's all about light sunlight. So that's why I I I think this is, I like obvious OB nations nature's all about sunlight. Of course planes don't grow without sunlight. Right? And at the end of the day, we, we, we either about neutrons, photons in electrons, that's a, that's what we are. We as a human being. There's nothing else but a battery and end gate when you think about that, right?


So we have a bunch of electrons and neutrons and charges that floating through us that actually interact. And that's how I think of, of the human body. That's why I said I think of it as an astrophysicist, it's crazy, but that's how my mind works. So sleep, getting sunlight And, and and having food that doesn't immunosuppress your biome. The bacteria in your body sends out materials that actually will immunosuppress or activate What are the immunosuppressive foods. Unfortunately, I think most natural foods are fine. It's the toxins in, in the food.


Exactly what I said, the excipients. So when we talk about red dye, the processed foods, all this unnatural process stuff ultimately cause inflammation. Now when it gets back to this plasticity of inflammation, inflammation causes immunosuppression because it causes all these cells to flip. Yes. From the killer state to the suppressive state. That's why we said we have this dichotomy of is theca alive? Is the cat dead? You see it, you see it too in the elderly. You know, it's why an infection or a, you know, a diabetic foot infection Correct. Could lead to a systemic infection and and kill the person.


Correct. Right. That's why, you know, when this guy discovered that h pylori causes gastric ulcer, they said you're nuts. It's acid. I Remember that. Right. So well, so Well, so now when you think about that, so that's what I'm saying, this dogma, But that's a consensus now, right? Acid does not cause ulcers. Well, it's a cause and effect. So h pylori causes the, the the inflammation and then the acid doesn't natural in your stomach. Right, of course activates It of course. But it's not the core cause. Correct. But it's all about dogma. That's why I call this a vaccine, but it's a BioShield. So, So you have to fight dogma. Part of the problem is you're fighting. So I will ask you, I wanted to ask us to do an experiment.


I'm all for it. Where we pick up the phone call any random oncologist, not to shame them. Primary care physician pick up a phone and said you do a CBC, correct? Yes. Can you define what a CBC Is? A complete blood count. Just so you take a blood and you look for Yeah, the blood screen that everyone does Blood screen. Yeah. For whether you're anemic or not. Anem. Yeah, yeah. People understand that. Right? Red blood cells and you see these red blood cells and you give chemotherapy and radiation and you ask, what do you look for? Well we look to see if you anemic. So we can give you this drug that Amgen makes called epogen. We look to see whether your platelets have gone down.


So we can give you a platelet transfusion. We look to see whether the neutrophils have gone down so that you don't get an infection called neutropenic fever. So we give you this drug Neupogen. Well the problem is, does red blood cells cure cancer? No. Does platelet cure cancer? No. Does neutrophils kill cancer? No. What kills cancer? The natural kill cells in T-cell. So in that CBC, there's a thing called the the lymphocytes. Correct? Do you look at that? No. The only cell that is important that kills cancer, 99.9% of oncologists will say, we don't pay any attention to that.


That that'd be, that is surprising. He's a coqui to that. Does he mass backwards? Why? Why? If you're an onco, not to, you know, attack oncologist, but if you're fighting cancer, why do you ignore the one cell that fights cancer? I'd love. That's the experiment I wanted to say. And, and that's A little mysterious. Am I missing something That's ex Exactly. That's the missing link. The final frontier. The e equals mc squared. The god's equation. That is the key element in your body that we've been missing for 50 years.


For 50 years. But it's even worse than that. Those missing link we've actually destroyed with chemotherapy. We've destroyed with radiotherapy and we've destroyed with checkpoint inhibitors, which destroyed with steroids. Guess what we give to patients? Chemotherapy, radiotherapy, steroids and checkpoints. Am I missing something? I don't know anything about this. You know, I was a Russian studies major, but I have no, just 'cause I'm 55. I know a lot of cancer patients. I have always been skeptical that the protocol is effective based on, so what I have noticed is those therapies seem to beat back the cancer short term.


But then so often you watch it come roaring back, you know, I'm in remission. And then wham, you just get hit by a tidal wave of cancer and eliminated. So If you see my writings I have written so many times, you win the battle and you lose the war. So this is not, I'm not imagining this Phenomena, this you're not imagining that you win the battle and you lose the war. The reason you win the battle is 'cause you see this little blip of a response with chemotherapy and then the moment you stopped, or not even again, you've actually now killed the cells that was there to protect you. You've upregulated these suppressive cells and you get metastasis and you say, oops, sorry, you know, have to go to apic.


Think about that. That's what we've been doing for 50 years. That's a dogma that I'm fighting. So what, okay, so let's just say I leave here and I'm diagnosed with, you know, a serious life-threatening form of cancer. What would you recommend I do next? So this is where you play chess and don't play checkers. This is where you play go where you say, okay, what is the cancer doing first? Well, guess what? The not stupid. So it is figured out a way to hide from these killer cells. So the first thing you have to do is you have to expose the receptors on the cancers that the killer cells could recognize that.


So even in the presence of chemotherapy, you don't use chemotherapy to kill the tumor. You use a tiny dose of chemotherapy just to stress the patient. The ca the cancer and the cancer is, oh my god, something's coming at me. And it starts exposing itself. So you go from hide to expose. So you use the chemotherapy at a low dose called low metronomic dose to use it as a, what I call an immunomodulator. Importantly, wait, wait, I always ask, you're describing cancer as almost like an autonomous entity that has a, a goal a will to destroy the human body.


It Does, But that's, I mean you're describing like a, It's a machine But with, with intent and kind of clever behavior, it hides like what you're describing. Like some for some like foreign entity in the body that's trying to kill the body. It is, It's like a virus. But how, how can a tumor know to hide? Because it has genomic sequencing in there that actually blocks the expression. So, Which sounds diabolical? It is diabolical. That's why I spent 50 years trying to understand it's not a human brain, it's biology and how biology can mutate. And actually it's, your body's a beautiful thing.


It's exquisite thing. So it has to have this thing called epigenetics. So the, it has the genomic sequencing that says I'm not gonna express this. So we can now stress that and block the, the, the block and it now expresses something on its surface that our T cells can recognize. So that's the first step. Smoke it out, Smoke it out. But your body has mechanisms to smoke it out. It gets even more complicated. Your body has a thing where You can induce what you call damps, which is damage associated molecular patterns. But forget that it's a way of actually smoking it out.


So now your T cells can recognize it. Okay, so now you've done step one. That's just step one. That's one molecule. So this is why I think the FDA needs to understand we are fighting a war where you need battlefield awareness simultaneously where you have to orchestrate your marines, your army or navy air force all in the right place so that You can use the tumor in your body to act as the weapon as the vaccine. Because a tumor has molecules that is foreign to the rest of your body. And if you educate your T-cell, it recognize as molecules that is foreign to the rest of your body that T-cell can remember.


Now you have a memory T-cell. So for the first time in 2024 in our package insert, we have a molecule called the BioShield. Now I'll call it the BioShield that can activate the natural killer cell, activate the killer T-cell and drive memory T-cells. We now have bladder cancer patients who would have lost their bladder in complete remission for nine years and still alive. And so the protocol is you low dose, you administer low dose chemo to identify where the tumor is. You Smoke it out, you Smoke it out, but At the same time you need to have the natural killer cells and T cells ready. So you give them the BioShield that upregulates and stimulates your natural killer cells and T cells.


What About radiation? Does that play a role That'll kill your natural killer cells and T cells? So no Unless, and this is comes out unless today the radiation is what they call 70 gigabits gig. Huge doses. Unless you give a tiny little dose just to the tumor, nowhere else to smoke it out. So you use radiation in a very different way called S-B-R-T-A low dose To identify rather than destroy To expose. Rather expose. So the algorithm is expose from hide to expose. The next algorithm alone is activate and proliferate your NK cells. And that's what the subcutaneous injection object.


The next algorithm is to educate your T cells with a vaccine that you anticipate that's going to be exposed. So you now have educated T cells ready. So You can educated T-cell, you got NK cells and the next thing is to activate your macrophages. So they become killer macrophages and the next step is to suppress the suppressors. You do that all simultaneously. How much human suffering is involved in this? There's a lot in a conventional course of cancer therapy all As an outpatient. We've done hundreds of patients now. So you're not So someone taking this course is not going to, is he gonna lose his hair throw Up all the time?


All as an outpatient? No. What's even more exciting because that Matters for cancer patients. I mean it's hard to be a cancer patient. It's horrible. Yeah. But we've now seen patients now in complete remission. More importantly, I wanna treat patients before they need surgery. So I can use the tumor itself in the body as the vaccine to educate the body in the T cells all about that tumor. What's even more exciting now we can take blood from you one pint and extract the natural killer cell in the T-cell and grow billions and store in cryo preservation just like you do.


I don't know from cord blood. We now have the ability to grow these natural killer cells and give it to anybody. So I always said for the first time we could become the American Red Cross of cancer, our country and use these innovations as foreign policy. So could, Looking Back, do you think it was unwise to require the population to get the Pfizer and Moderna vaccine? It it depends on the time. I think it's unwise. You keep on giving this nonsense.


I shouldn't say that. I should be careful when I call it nonsense. The idea of getting an antibody vaccine and creating another antibody vaccine and another antibody vaccine that argue chases your tail. I dunno what that's doing. Those spike proteins. It's Not rid your body of covid though. It's it's not. Is it, is it creating even more variants in your body? I don't know. But is that Possible? I I I see the, the the, the idea and I'm such a scientist, I need to actually go and actually pull out these variants and sequencing them. That's what we do now. But is Theoretically Possible. It's theoretically possible.


Could there be any change to a person's DNA from taking this? Well that's what this does. It's what the mRNA vaccines do. Correct. It converts into DNA and it converts in replicating and that's what it does. And it, it replicates an RNA virus. It becomes, it's the virus. Well, as someone who's clearly, you've made reference to it a couple times, interested in evolution to change the DNA of a species is to change the species over time. No, I don't think it integrates. I, my concern is that this virus is all about itself. It very selfish virus, Selfish virus. In fact, the fact that it's now less deadly is in the virus's interest.


The virus doesn't wanna kill you 'cause you are the incubator. Think about that. The virus wants you alive. You're, you're speaking in a way that suggests intent and forethought. It's, it's biology, it's evolution. Everything is evolution. It was the intent to go from a tadpole to, to human being, I don't know. But to, to consider the possibility you have something or the certainty that you have something within your body that is acting against your body's interest on purpose. Yeah. Because it needs you to be the incubator. So, you know, the the, the ver the, the veracity when it, when it, when it was so manmade, so you know, viral evolution when it, what you call ma affinity, maturation, it matures itself so that it can be more infective.


That's one thing it tries to do is a virus. I mean, these viruses are living organisms and when say living, they don't have brains or anything that, but they have machinery that are very, it's very sophisticated. They have what they call promoters and et cetera. Why would You make something like that on purpose? Well, Well there are viruses in nature of course, which, which theoretically will go through what you call maturation that normally do not infect you. They're not species, they're species specific. Exactly. But why would you then change that? And that's what this, you know, gain of functions tells you was so dangerous.


That's why it was prohibited. It's so self-evidently evil to even play with something like that, with the potential consequences, which we're now seeing 13 year olds getting pancreatic cancer. Like how could anyone do that and why aren't those people in prison? Well It was banned, right? It Was banned in the United States. Yeah. Hence The Wuhan lab partnership. Right? Well, so we subverted it and now you talk about, you know, why is said, so, so few people could home home so many how they got around that is for the investigators to find out. But I mean, You're someone who's created cancer drugs, who spent a lot of his life in a lab. That's why you're a billionaire.


So you know a lot about this topic obviously. And it's, it's clear to you that that's that's just too dangerous to be doing that, right? Yes. To take animal viruses and make them, you Can't control it. I mean, because you've done affinity maturation. That state would've taken tens of maybe millions of years in that fusion protein. They created this fusion protein and created and then, then they created this vaccine. I think, I think Bonnie Graham was the, the part with Collins and everything else that we're so proud to fa that we'll create this RBD and make it stable. Think about it. The spearhead the tip of the spear that goes into your cell. We're gonna make it stable.


That's why this vaccine was preproduced. This was the MI of vaccine was produced. So you've taken a virus that has now gone from bats to man only because I think the skin function work. You then create a vaccine by taking the spearhead of this virus that is now being created to get into you and make it the spearhead even more stable and put it on the vaccine and says, here we go. This seems super crazy. So just from the perspective of a, of a layman, again, if I've never had covid and I get the MRA, you know, I get the Pfizer vaccine MNA vaccine.


If I got it three years ago, can you detect covid in my body now Possibly. See that's like, that's just crazy town. And look, I know of a, I wouldn't name her, but she was a very senior person at the FDA and she just got the vaccine. That's it. And within weeks she got brain fog, loss of memory. So there's clear evidence that sometimes the vaccines affect is, is the cause of sometimes the va the virus is of course. So that's what I'm saying. It's, yes, but it's not, it's not mutually exclusive. I understand.


And it's, and it's, But it's all about the spike. But it's, but the idea that you would be introducing the Covid virus into a body that was not infected by the covid viruses, like Right. You went after the wrong protein basically. I mean it's, I've been begging to go after the Nucleocapsid protein because the nucleocapsid protein, which is in the core of the vac of the, of the virus, is not the tip of the spear. Right. And if you have a T-cell, it lasts for 17 years. We know that from previous covid VA infections. Yes. But they refuse to do it. This seems like a human tragedy at like an unimaginable scale Completely. It devastates me.


Well that's incredibly bracing and I think you're one of the very few people I've ever met who has the absolute authority to speak on this. And yet you, you've, you've not been encouraged to speak about it. It sounds like I've been not been what Encouraged to speak about it. Yeah, because I'm not a political person and I have this bigger picture that we have to find a solution, not just for Covid but for cancer. And the irony is this, BioShield works for both and the only chance, Which is they're connected, it sounds like They're com completely connected. And the only chance we have now, because I had no idea that the political deep state was so powerful and so vicious and so egotistical that they would stop good science.


So now I'm out, out there speaking because the drug had approved. But that's not enough just for bladder cancer. It has the same treatment effect for pancreatic cancer, lung cancer, triple negative breast cancer. It is the only molecule for 50 years that upregulates these killer cells. Period. The missing link. Well, you never got covid. So that's, you really never got covid. Never got covid. How Many people do you know who didn't get covid? Well and The president Of the United States got covid like four times. So, So if you did get covid, there's three antigens in the virus. There's a spike, there's a nucle capsid and there's a thing called the the M protein M.


And and if you have, when you do your blood test, You can see if you have the M protein. If you have the M protein in your antibody or or T-cell or or antibody to the M protein, that means it came from the, from the virus. If you have no INM protein, it came from somewhere else could come from the vaccine. I have no in protein and I have T cells to N and have T cells to S. So you could basically lick a park bench and not get sick. No, it doesn't. Exactly. So now you need to differentiate and not conflate the ability of the virus to infect.


It could still infect me, but my body has the protection, the BioShield to clear it immediately within seven days. Clear it. Is This a lifelong protection? Well, based on the science of the, what they call MERS one, where it was in Yes. 17 years is the, IS is protection. That was the original Coronavirus outbreak. Correct. 17 years. This nuclear T-cell is out there. So we I'll take that. I'll take 17 years. Exactly. And You can get a booster. Now what we're working on is a universal covid virus vaccine for all co coronaviruses. Because this n So what we did, oh, that's a good segue to that.


So during my genomic sequencing, I was building the whole machine learning supercomputing network and I, I ran the national Lambda rail for the guards particle and had both supercomputers and ai way before AI was. And I presented the AI model to President Obama believe not in the one pager for healthcare. So our supercomputer, we combined ourselves with Microsoft. We, so whether we had the largest GPU cloud during covid and we are able then to actually look at the infectivity of every species, of every variant of covid with every human type. There's a thing called HLA so that we could actually look at how the virus would change and avoid the T cells.


The only thing that it could never do was change the nucleocapsid and never could void the T-cells. We made that software public at is still public and published it so that anybody could test based on your HLA, your HLA and my HLA type would be slightly different. There's hundreds and thousands of HLA types and know whether this sequence, if you had that sequence in your body would be protective through that. We are developing what we call a universal covid vaccine BioShield T-cell vaccine. And we have it, but how do you do it?


You know? So one of my thoughts was just to give it away to somebody. I actually offered to give it away to Regeneron, into Amgen way back. But they were too busy. Everybody was too busy during the covid time. So one of the ideas now was for me to actually go to the Serum institute in India and say, yeah, please go, go build this and makes this available to the world. So, you know, there's just so much we could do as an organization. We are a tiny little biotech company relative to the Merck and the Pfizers. But that's what my goal is. My personal goal is when you say I'm still doing it, I don't have a vineyard.


The the, the the resources that was given to me was like God's gift. I, I believe that allowed me to do this. So, you know, we have hundreds of employees of 40 acres of land in Los Angeles. The other tragedy was I took over this facility in dunk Cook a, that New York state had put $200 million in completely empty brand new amazing facility for national preparedness. And I called Chuck Schumer to help me make that available for the country. Nothing. It's still sitting there available for the country as a national preparedness manufacturing site in Dunkirk, New York, for which we put $50 million in, but there's no employees in there right now.


Nothing. That's crazy. It is really ridiculous, right? Without leadership, without in leadership and without how we as a country could go down the wrong path. And I'm so hopeful that these next four years could change that. So this has been an amazing story. You're obviously very famous in the medical research world and controversial, but I'm, I'm, I'm sold on what you said. So everything that you've done is, you know, you'll have a great obit because of it then you decide to buy the LA Times in 2018 ish.


Yeah. And you know, owning a, the main newspaper in the country's second biggest town makes you obviously a media mogul, but it makes you a political figure as well. And LA is so complic like, why would you do so why would you, You don't need that. Why would you do that? Well, I think it, it really helps to know how I grew up, right? So I grew up in South Africa as apartheid. I, because South Africa didn't have, I did not see a TV until the age of T 21, believe it or not. No tv, no tv. South Africa didn't have tv. So not, I didn't watch TV like period, period We or so it was just books and newspapers. That was the only way I got educated books and newspapers to the extent that I would go every day as a newspaper boy to the printing press in Port Elizabeth, sit at the printing press, get the first one off the press, read it, and then run with about two, 300 papers through other city.


That would be what I did. And grew up. So I fell in love with the printing press, the click clack or the, and the oil and the smell. And when the opportunity came, remember as I said, I had this amazing gift of the resources of selling these two companies that I never anticipated in life with Michael Farrow saying he took over this company called And they named it Trunk And he was going to shut down the Washington Bureau and move all the of, So he owned the LA Times, he Owned the, he owned the the Tribune actually the whole thing. Yeah. At that point, yeah. Chicago Tribune, the Tribune company.


The whole Tribune company, which included the LA Times and San Diego Tribune. And he knew how desperately I wanted the LA Times because I had have help him invest to, to buy the rest of the Tribune. I was a minority shoulder and that. And he came to me and said, Hey Patrick, you want it? Here's the price. You've got 48 hours to decide and it's $500 million. No due diligence, No due diligence. That was it. And I did, Who would take that Deal? Only crazy people. I guess it's half a billion dollars and you can't see the books. Yeah. Nor can you go visit the newsroom because on Monday we are going to actually shut all that and move them all out.


And I don't want you to talk to these people and you have until Monday to decide. And I was running a conference in LA with all my scientists and the National Cancer Institute and all the scientists were there at this hotel. And I said, oh my God. So I went upstairs and we got a private room and I brought all the people into the room and I said, I wanna do it. And I called my wife, I said, we wanna do this. I think this is an opportunity for us to have a voice for the people, especially if they're gonna shut down Washington. They're gonna shut down LA we'll never have a paper here. This is one of the most important things. So by Monday I signed it and that was it. And then, and you paid him $500 million.


$500 million. How grateful was he? Very. So I'm sorry to laugh, but if you hadn't made so much money, I wouldn't be laughing 'cause it would be mean, right? But that's incredible. So Phil Anschutz saw me, I've got some stuff I'd like to sell you. Is that, oh, So Phil Schu saw me at the next Laker game. He says, you know Patrick, I always thought you were such a smart guy until yesterday, But you know, I have no regrets. I think what I did then was said, okay, I'm gonna take everything I know in healthcare, that rocket ship that I showed you and, and then create. Because during that time, Bezos would have this arc.


He'd had the software And he had the Washington Post And he, his team came to see me and said, listen, we've got this ARC software that we want to run. I said, no, I don't like this old software. I'm gonna go build a completely new software content management system that could take podcast, video, live streaming. Because I want this newspaper to be an educational moment for people. And at the end of the day, a newspaper is not just a newspaper, it's a basis of engagement. I want to engage users as a tool to engage with people. 'cause that's how I grew up. So we took the risk and we built this content management system.


Took us five years and we launched it at, which could talk to the printing person, it talk to magazines, it could talk to podcasts, it talked to video talk, to live streaming. And now it's just gone live. It's called Early Times Studio and Early Times Live. And the next thing we're gonna do is call LA Times Next and the LA Times next and a gentleman called Eric Beach and I are forming so that we could create a platform that would allow voices to be heard and free speech to be heard unencumbered by either opinion or news. So now we have three platforms. We have a platform of news, which supposedly is facts.


We have platform of opinion, which are now changed to voices. Meaning everybody should have a voice, whether you right voice, left voice, central voice, you like Coca-Cola, Pepsi Cola, whatever, voice. And then a complete platform that allows free speech and video podcast. And now I have that platform and we've built the infrastructure to accommodate that platform. And I'm excited by LA Times next because we're gonna have a studio in, in DC we have a studio in la we may have even a studio in Nashville. And shows like this are important because I believe long forms like this is how you communicate for people who are interested.


And it could be fun, it should be engaging, it should be interesting. And that's why I bought the paper. Well I, those are great reasons as far as I'm concerned. But they come with them, the purchase comes with it. A you know, a lot of people who work at the paper, I've worked in newsrooms like my, well my whole life. And I know that they hate change. They hate, they hate the owner no matter what. Everybody hates the owner. Just on principle, there are a ton of unhappy people in journalism. I would say the overwhelming majority are just for whatever reason, we could speculate. And they're very hard to manage. And they're roughly about a hundred or maybe even more percent left wing everywhere, including at, you know, supposedly conservative places.


They're all lefties. So how do you deal with that? By being honest and transparent head on. And I, I openly shared with 'em, I said, listen, we cannot be echo chamber. I won't tolerate it. It's okay if you're left wing, but you need right wing. So I offered Scott Jennings an opportunity to write on the paper and I said, we need all voices. And so I said, listen, I don't know who made these rules 'cause I came into this newspaper, I don't know the difference between a columnist and op-ed or editorial page and and and news. And now when you're merging all of these, can you mention the lay person not really understanding the difference?


That's right. And I want you to say news is news and you the newsroom, fine, theoretically everything's edited. You've checked each, you've fact checked it. But when it comes to an opinion, I wanna change that to call be voices. And I want all voices to be heard, all American voices to be heard. And you know, the Kamala Harris endorsement, I took a lot of heat because the editorial board resigned by my taking a stand that we cannot be an echo chamber of opinions not based on facts. So just for those who didn't follow it. And, and it was quite a story for a couple days there, it was during the campaign, the editorial board, correct me if I'm wrong, wanted to endorse Kamala Harris and you said no, what did they say to you and what did you say back to them?


Well, I can't put in, oh Come on, you've gone pretty far already. I can just say they were not happy. But what was their pitch like? So, so, so the pitch was we as a board have met and we have this pre-packaged, we know this is outrageous, blah blah blah. This pre-packaged, what does that mean? We had a pre-packaged endorsement. What do you mean prepackaged? They'd already written It. Already written it. After Talking to Kamala Harris, never Having met her, They never met Kamala Harris Never met her. Isn't The editorial board supposed to interview the candidates? By the way the editorial board never met even I'm on the editorial board. So I said I'm on the, But Kamala Harris was in LA all the time.


Oh, cor Correct. So In your neighborhood actually. Correct. Raising money, Raising money, keeping the traffic in trouble. Raising money. And that's, and I'd never met her and nor did the board ever met her. And I said, this is unacceptable. And they know, they, as you could see, because it's a left-leaning, they wrote terrible stories about President Trump, which is, Had they met him, Not met him either. So my statement to them was, listen, you may have an opinion, but all of us should have opinion based on facts. I mean, one of the statements that came, and I would name him, came from a person that said within this concept that vice president Kamala Harris was the most consequential vice president in the history of the United States.


So I said, No, I I shouldn't lie. I don't mean to be dismissive. What, on what basis did the person say that Having never met her. And one, so now exactly. You you just hit it on the head. And I said, on what basis do we say that? What are the facts? Can we actually show the, the record of that? So I said, you know, it boiled down to, look, we are not gonna do that. We're just not gonna do it. What Did the person say when you asked nothing on why are you saying she's the most consequential vice president of the United States? Like what, what are, what are the facts that underlie that judgment? I obviously had disagreed with that person And there had no basis for that other than, you know, as you said, a personal echo chamber.


You know, you know, and look, I think, I dunno what they're trying to protect. They're trying to protect in, in, if I trying to find, I'm trying to find the kernel of basis the audience, because the audience is left, so they need to be left. I don't think that's right. I think, I mean our audience, we lost a lot of viewers, right? I mean, yeah, thousands of peoples unsubscribed. But I don't think it's right that we should be this canceling society. I think we should be a society that can have a civil discourse like we are having now and disagree. It's okay. And understand each other's point of view. That's what I think is the value of the paper when you talk about voices.


So that's what I'm instigating now. And so I've taken the opportunity, wait, Let's go back to the comma thing really quick. So were they sh they were shocked that you canceled that They were wasn't shocked. They resigned. They resigned. So I had three right now 90% of my editorial board is resigned. And So where did they go? 'cause there are no editorial writing jobs left in the World. I have no idea. Oh, So look, I think it's important. Look, I I the fact that had the courage to resign some of them. No. Kevin Marta, I fired, I fired Kevin before they resigned. Why did you fire him?


One, because of leadership. Two, because of, I gotta be careful. I don't want disparage him. I I I fired him 'cause I didn't believe he was the right person or of creating, taking the paper where it needs to be. He was formally at the Washington Post. Washington Post. Yeah. Yes, I remember that. Well, And, and then after that episode, the editorial board, the rest of them resigned. And now we are rebuilding. Look, we have to, we have to. And what's exciting to me is I'm rebuilding with young people. And what's exciting to me is this opportunity with LA Times Next and LA Times studio and in the newsroom Terry Tang is doing a fantastic job.


She's, she's, she's working hard to take on the the people and the productivity. The productivity. Well, increasing productivity. Oh, you're employing journalists. Okay, so that's a world I understand, right? Yes. There are some productivity issues there. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. When you write one slug a month, I, I think that's not gonna be good. Been There, it's been there. Yeah. So, so it's an, it's been an experience. But look, we we there in for the long haul I think. And look it's just not us by the way. We gotta save these local newspapers. I agree. Right? We gotta save the ability to have local discos.


Now with the early fires it's even more important, right? Look, I called out Karen Bass and Gavin Newsom and these politicians, you know them Both. I know them both. I text with them both and I complain to them both. And what I tell the public's what I tell them. So I don't say anything behind their back. I personally say, I said you're not doing the right thing. Whether it be the homelessness or homelessness, they did a terrible job. Yes. Completely wasteful job. So these are the kinds of things that I think it gave us the opportunity to have a say in our community, you know? And that's what I'll continue to do now.


We'll position ourself in DC and I think the next four years will be really, I hopely monumental. Doctor, Thank you for spending all this time. Alright. No, I really appreciate it. This has been fun and a pleasure. Thank you. Thank you. We wanna Thank You for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day. We know the people who run it, good people. While you're here, here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bell so you never miss an episode. We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter. Telling the truth always, you'll not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell. We appreciate it. Thanks for watching. I.