
Thank you for coming. So I wanna, okay, here's my question to you. You were one of the people who was right about Covid and certainly more right than the US public health authorities and the global public health authorities. And I'm just gonna summarize in two sentences what I think your position was. So you're a physician in private practice in Texas, and you're vaccinated, by the way. No, you were not. Oh, you're not vaccinated. I almost did. God Bless you. But, but at first you like have no real reason to think that this is all completely backward. But then you treat covid patients thousands, I think.


And you start to realize that the therapies that the US government is recommending are not working. That the vaccines are not working as advertised at all. And you start saying something about it and offering alternatives to it, which are badly needed in the middle of this moment. And you're attacked and really attacked that your livelihood, your professional credentials are attacked. And then time passes now four years, and it becomes really clear that once again, you were more right than the US public health authorities. I think that's just demonstrable. I think the science proves that. So here's my question. After a long preamble, have you been rewarded for it?


Has the a MA given you the physician of the year award? No, I'm serious. Has anybody said we were wrong in attacking you and you deserve credit for your foresight and bravery? No, and I mean, I'm still fighting to keep my license. I mean, I still have the Tex Texas Medical Board coming after me for something that happened.


Right now you're fighting? Oh yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. I have a hearing coming up end of April, and I was trying to save somebody's life. It was a sheriff's deputy. This is a man that had served for 29 years trying to protect and save the public father of six. And he contracted covid. And this was in the fall of 2021. And that was the third and the largest surge of the pandemic. That's when, you know, this was following the rollout of the Covid shots. So this was eight months following the rollout of the Covid shots. And they clearly weren't working. And this man, he got sick. He tried to get ivermectin, he couldn't find a doctor willing to prescribe it.


He ended up in the hospital And he was, you know, went downhill like so many people did. And his wife, you know, the, the hospital was talking hospice. They were giving up. They said, we tried everything. Come on. How old was this man? He was late fifties, early sixties. Not elderly. No. And you know, he was a big guy, but he had no comorbidities. He had no other medical problems. And so, you know, this is, we saw this though, with so many People, you know, day, if you didn't get early treatment, the second week of illness, people would start really getting bad.


That you, this massive inflammatory response would kick in. Yes. It, it almost always happened on day eight. It was very weird. It was very predictable. And you know, the primary care doctors just shut their doors to these people. They said, oh, this is just a virus. We'll let it run its course and then go to the emergency room if you can't breathe. So that, that happened to, can I ask you to pause? Why would primary care physicians whose duty it is to treat patients, And they must have known by this point, the day eight is the critical day. Why would they not treat these people? Because there's a dogma that we are taught in medical school and in our training that you don't treat a virus, that you let a virus run its course because there's this big fear about antibiotic resistance.


So they don't want people over-prescribing antibiotics. And so the assumption if somebody comes to you with an upper respiratory tract infection in the first three, four days, five days, And they don't test positive for strep, you basically say, oh, you've got a virus and we will just wait and see what happens. Well, I mean, that was just catastrophic. I mean, that was really, and I learned so much. I mean, I had that mindset going prior to the pandemic, but I just, it just didn't sit well with me when people were coming in and, you know, really struggling to just do nothing. And so initially, I, I tried hydroxychloroquine, but as soon as President Trump came out and said how great it was, the Texas State Board of Pharmacy, they literally shut it down.


Like they prohibited doctors from prescribing hydroxychloroquine. So I put it on the back burner and I just did my best. I did breathing treatments, steroids. I did antibiotics for secondary infection. Initially, I didn't really have a lot of demand for people coming in needing treatment. I was doing a lot of testing. And that, that sort of got me recognized in town because I had a saliva test that didn't require a swab up the nose. And I was able to get the results back very quickly. You might remember initially LabCorp was the only lab in the country that had the test And they became inundated and it was taking two weeks to get the test results back.


So we had a saliva test and we, people could just, we could just give a a cup And they could sit in their car and spit in it. Yeah. And then we'd have the results back the next day. So that sort of, that's where it all started. And then monoclonal antibodies came about. And those, those worked great. I mean, I, I could get as many doses as I wanted. I'd get 'em the next day, I'd just contact the manufacturer, say, I need 200 doses to be at my bed doorstep. Great. They worked wonderfully. People turned around very quickly. And, but what happened is, and the, and this is during that big surge, when Jason Jones as Sheriff's deputy got sick, couldn't get monoclonal antibodies, couldn't get ivermectin.


When, When in 2001, was that, do You remember? So the summer of 2021? Well, so well, let's start in the spring of 2021. So this is following the roll outta the covid shots. The government is upset because people are not buying it. People are not getting, there's very low uptake and very low interest. There's suspicion of these shots. So in March they started their PR campaign, the government, they went after Ivermectin, the FDA, put something on their website about you can't use Ivermectin for c. That Biden doled out $11.5 billion to groups around the country.


And initially it started with 275, it went up to 17,000 influencers, church groups, sports leagues, all sorts of people just, just funneling out taxpayer money to go after doctors like myself that were spreading misinformation and to, you know, this is, you know, push people to get these covid shots. So that, that happened in the spring. And that's how, so Houston Methodist Hospital, and that's where I had privileges. They were the first hospital in the country to mandate the shots. And this was April 1st, 2021. And this was the exact day that Biden announced COVID-19 Community Corps. That, that billion, multi-billion dollar propaganda effort.


I think it was very purposeful. I think the mandates started in Houston for a reason. I knew, I think that they knew if they could get away with the mandates in Texas, they could get away with them anywhere. Where was your governor in this? He was, you know, he he, Yeah. A Republican. A republican governor. Yeah. He was, he was a little slow to, to act. I mean, he, he was on board with Methodist. In fact, I have the CEO of Methodist, Dr. Mark Boom on camera saying that Governor Abbott wanted them to get a shot in every arm. That's, that's according to the CEO of Methodist. But you know, he did, he did come through eventually, but this is early on.


So then that summer started having all these breakthrough cases and I was seeing it 'cause I was testing people. So I started to track people that by their vaccination status. And I saw that the vaccinated outnumbered the unvaccinated And they were just as sick, if not sicker. So I brought this to the attention of Houston Methodist. Were These your patients? You're talking about People that were coming to my office to get tested and why Wasn't every doctor doing this? Well, well, we can get to that. Yeah. 'cause, 'cause I mean, I'm independent, so it allowed me to do things that other doctors can't do. But I was actually collaborating with Methodist. I was sharing my data with them. 'cause I had so many, I mean, basically I was just, all I saw was covid for a few years and we were trying to get the data published so we had a good relationship.


So I reached out, I said, Hey, are you seeing what I'm seeing? Like these, all these breakthrough cases. At the same time, I had all these people coming to me very distraught about the mandates. And, you know, because we were ahead of the time, right? This was before the rest of the country was mandating the shots. But in Houston, if you, in a lot of people at Houston Methodist, they employ about 30,000 people, very distraught over these mandates. And then I, and then I see that they're not working. At that time I wasn't seeing the injuries. And at that time I was just very vocal against the mandates. So I, you know, and then we will, in August, late August of 2021, FDA put out the infamous horse tweet and that's the, the attractive healthcare worker nuzzling the horse and says, seriously y'all, you're not a horse.


You're not a cow. Stop it. Tweet went viral. That's right. That's when Joe Rogan got smeared for taking ivermectin. And then right after that, Biden mandated the shots And they took away monoclonal antibodies. So it was all very orchestrated. But Monoclonal antibodies, I've never heard anybody say that they weren't helpful. Right. But if you have monoclonal antibodies available as an option, people are gonna do that rather than get the shot. So that's why, in my opinion, that's why they took away the monoclonal antibodies, Which were working. They Worked great. I mean, it was, So this is like the most evil thing that's ever happened in the United States. Yeah. In my opinion.


Definitely. I'm sorry to keep in interjecting. It's just Even those I live this, it's just so stunning to hear it recounted as crisply as you are recounting it. So, okay, so they take away monoclonal antibodies, they mandate the shot. You are sharing your data with the hospital at which you have privileges. What are they saying? So their response was one sentence and it said, well, we think the shots are there to lessen the severity. Well, interestingly enough, they've never shared their data, their hospital data and being the first in the country to mandate the shots, you would, you know, they're sitting on a, an enormous amount of data.


And if, if the shots had been effective in preventing transmission or lowering the severity, then they should have shared that. They would've shared that. They would've been, you know, screaming that from the rooftops if it fits their agenda. But they've been very quiet about that. So, you know, I had, you know, all these things, all these patients coming to me, me very distraught. I had one patient come to me and tell me that her urologist at Houston Methodist called her and said, you're gonna need to find a new urologist if you don't get the covid shots. And she had a history of bladder cancer. So she was very upset and she was calling me to try to find a new doctor. The Urologist said, I, I won't treat you Well, he said that the department was talking, making, having discussions about not treating patients that were unvaccinated.


He didn't say The Texas Health Department? No, this is at Houston Methodist. Oh, the Department of Urology. Yes. That's what he told this patient then. Doesn't he have a moral obligation to treat his patients? Yeah, Well we saw all sorts of moral issues during the pandemic, I mean yeah. Crimes. So, you know, that happened. And then on the exact same day, I got a notice from a surgery center where I operate that I'd have to get the covid shot to continue operating. And then on the same day, I got a notice from this hospital where I was trying to help the sheriff's deputy.


They had a court order to give me emergency temporary privileges so that I could give him ivermectin. The wife sued and she was, you know, last ditch effort. Let a dine man try Ivermectin before The sheriff's deputy father of six. Yes, I testified. She, she asked me to testify. I testified Senator Bob Hall testified we won and the court was ordered to give me emergency temporary privileges. And then I was to get, I either myself personally give the ivermectin to him or have a nurse do it because they thought it was too dangerous for one of their own members to do it. To treat a patient. Yeah, Yeah. With Ivermectin, which is insane.


Anyway, I got a notice that they weren't gonna deny my privileges. Even those, I mean, I had never, I've never been sued for malpractice spotless record. You know, they made me get letters of recommendation. They, they made me submit my surgical case logs. They just fought tooth and nail to make the whole process as difficult as, as they could. And the lawyers ended up having to go back to the judge and fight with, you know, fight with them over just giving me privileges. Whereas, you know, at that time there was a shortage. You know, they needed doctors to work in the hospitals. And if I, under other circumstances, if I had just shown up and said, Hey, I wanna help out in the ICU, they would've granted me privileges the same day.


There wouldn't have been any kind of letters or recommendation or, you know, surgery. Anyway, they, so they, Can I just ask, were you pretty confident this man was gonna die without treatment? No. So this is interesting. So the, the lawyers that were doing this case, Ralph Rigo and Beth Otto, they did 189 cases around the country. Similar situation. The, the spouse is suing the hospital to try to get their loved one ivermectin in this last ditch effort to save their lives. Half of those people, they won the case. And in the cases where they won, all but three patients died.


In the cases where they lost all the patients died. I mean, it's really amazing. And apparently the judges, their political party matched the outcome of the trial. So the Republican judges were the ones that ruled in favor of the plaintiff. And then the Democrat judges were the ones that ruled against the plaintiff Against, you're making my heartbeat fast hearing this. It's so what happened in this specific case? So, you know, we, there was a lot of back and forth. It was very confusing. It was very happening very quickly. And you know, his life is on the line And they basically, the lawyers told me, you have the good green light, we're gonna go ahead, we can go, it's all good.


Everything's cleared. So I send the nurse to the hospital and she's greeted by the police and the hospital administrator and turned away And he never is allowed to get the ivermectin. They appealed and were managed to get a stay on the order and then on appeal they lost. So the wife, luckily she was able to go into the hospital every day, which was unusual. Most spouses didn't get to do that. But that was one good thing. And this was at Texas Hug Lee Hospital in Fort Worth. So she applied ivermectin to him topically every day without the hospital, knowing the hospital tied up his feeding tube.


'cause they didn't want her sneaking anything in, And they put towels and rubber bands around it so that nothing could be snuck in. These People are evil. Yeah. And I mean, they fought tooth and nail to keep him from just trying a very safe medication, which I believe should be over the counter. And then, and then they turned me into the medical board over it, and I'm still fighting those charges. The patient, he did survive, but he spent six months in the hospital, he lost half of his body weight. He never was able to make a full recovery. And then unfortunately he did pass away. That's like, that's a, that's very upsetting to hear that.


That's very upsetting. And so the charges against you, boy, I thought I was done being upset by covid. You just brought me back. It's such a, it's such a stain on this country. It's a, it's a stain on the medical profession And just that people didn't storm the hospitals. You, your, your father, your husband, your children dying alone. Yeah. You should have showed up with guns and said, get outta my way as my loved one and I'm gonna be with him when he dies. Exactly. And so I, you know, people should have done that and I hope they will next time. Excuse me. So your crime is recommending a therapy for Covid that's Yeah.


A crime? Or is there, am I missing? So, Well, the technicality is that I didn't have hospital privileges when I sent the nurse to the hospital. But because this was a, a legal dispute, But she never got in. She never got in. And I was following the guidance of the lawyers. So your nurse made it to the threshold of a hospital, therefore you should lose your medical license. Is that I, well, I Don't think they're trying to, I think they just wanna find me and find you. Yeah. Mark my record. And I could have settled a long time ago. So you have something called an informal settlement conference. It's behind closed doors. There's no witnesses or, and you, you don't really get to interact much. And they offered to make it go away if I paid them $5,000 and took eight hours of CME and retook, what does CME mean?


Continuing medical education and then, and then retook the jurisprudence exam. So all doctors in Texas have to take a medical legal exam. So I, which I've already taken and passed, but they wanted me to take it again. And I just said, no, I'm not, I'm not caving to this. And unfortunately the latest, so it's been three and a half years there been multiple continuances. They haven't been able to find an expert witness to testify against me. The first one got sick with cancer. The second one just, I think just chickened out. I don't know. And the third one, the third witness, it turns out that the entire time, and he's was the former medical director of the Texas Medical Board the entire time, the last 12 years he's been working for Planned Parenthood.


So we found that out. Wait, Wait, what? Yeah, wait, what I'm, I'm so sorry. Now I'm tuning in with greater intensity. What is his job? His day job when he is not, he's A lab director for Planned Parenthood. What is a lab director at Planned Parenthood? I, I don't know, but Cell fetal fetal tissue to vaccine companies. Yeah, Probably. Yeah. And he's on the medical board. He was the medi, he was the medical director of the medical board. And They And he works at Planned Parenthood. Exactly. Yeah. So, And this is not Vermont. This is Texas. Exactly. No, I, I mean, Texas is not what people think. No, I I've figured that out, man.


I didn't expect to be left speechless.


The first 10 minutes, only three things you're absolutely certain in this life. And you know, two of them. First is death, second is taxes. And the third, unfortunately is getting ripped off by your cell phone company. If you're a Verizon, at and t or T-Mobile customer, you know exactly what we're talking about. But there is an option You can save a ton every month by switching to the service that we use. It's called PureTalk. PureTalk is an earnest friend of the show, And they are the answer. If you become a customer of PureTalk, you get unlimited text talk and five gigs of data, which is enough for most people on the country's most dependable 5G network. And here's the punchline, it costs $25 a month. So the average family of before we did the math, saves over a thousand dollars a year when they switched to PureTalk, a thousand dollars a year Plus, it's a great service. Their customer service team is based in the United States. You can switch hassle free in as little as 10 minutes. You even get to keep your phone and your phone number to find out more, go to PureTalk dot com slash tucker to make a switch and you'll save an additional 50% off your very first month. PureTalk Wireless buy Americans For Americans, Tucker says it best.


Their credit card companies are ripping Americans off and enough is enough. This is Senator Roger Marshall of Kansas. Our legislation, the Credit Card Competition Act would help in the grip Visa and MasterCard have on us. Every time you use your credit card, they charge you a hidden fee called a swipe fee. And they've been raising it without even telling you. This hurts consumers and every small business owner. In fact, American families are paying $1,100 in hidden swipe fees each year. The fees Visa and MasterCard charge Americans are the highest in the world, double candidates and eight times more than Europe's. That's why I've taken action. But I need your help to help get this passed. I'm asking you to call your senator today and demand they pass the credit card Competition Act Paid for by the Merchants Payments Coalition, not authorized by any candidate or candidates committee, www.merchantspaymentscoalition.com.


So it, do you think, like, take yourself out of this. This is just like a med school classmate is going through what you're going through. Do you see any other side to the argument, any potentially legitimate justification for hounding you for four years? You know, the medical board's job is to protect the public from dangerous doctors. I mean, it's it's true though. I mean, there are, you re you get a monthly bulletin and you're, you know, sex Like the ones who give your kids amphetamines for a DH adhd. Well, yeah. Or the ones who hook your wife on benzodiazepines because she has panic attacks tho those doctors. Right, Right. Well, no, I mean, no, not those doctors. Oh, different doctors, okay.


I mean, we get a monthly email just blasting all the crimes that doctors have done. And it's pretty bad. I mean it's, you know, sex offenders and, oh, I, I'm not surprised even a little bit. There's a lot, a lot of, you know, so that's the role. I, yeah, I don't think I'm dangerous. I was trying to save a life. I stepped on the toes of a hospital. That's, that was my crime. A multi-billion dollar hospital, advent Hospital. And you know, that's what happened with Methodist. I stepped on their toes And they just weren't gonna have that. So at any point during this, can you go to the, I mean these are obviously huge corporations, but they're institutions whose, whose goal is to save lives, improve lives, bring health to the population.


Could could you ever just like call the CEO of the hospital and the medical director of the hospital and say, this is really crazy. Like, I'm not profiting from this ivermectin, there's no profit margin in it. Right. I just think this therapy works. I've seen it and I'm gonna try and help. And why don't you back off? Yeah, I can you do that? I mean, at the time that this was going down, we were, it was a legal battle. I felt like, well, I'm, I really can't, I just have to, yeah. I can't step outside what the lawyers are telling me to do. And how Much money do these hospitals take from the Biden administration? Do you know? I don't, I don't know for sure. But I know that Houston Methodist Hospital has $13 billion in assets. That was actually a couple years ago.


It's probably more now in assets. In assets. So 13 billion in assets. And they have, you know, locations all over Houston. They don't pay property taxes. They're non-profit. They don't pay property taxes. They don't pay any property taxes. Do You think we should get rid of non-profit status period? Yes. I don't understand. I've met almost no nonprofit that I think is good and that needs to be reformed. Yeah, we could, we could probably close the deficit despite getting exactly, having these people pay the taxes that the rest of us pay. Yeah. Wow. That's just so shocking.


Was there any hospital in Houston where you live I think that was willing to be reasonable or was not taking orders? Yes, There was. Good. Yes. So there was a doctor, Joe Verone, who is a pulmonologist critical care doctor. He's now the head of Independent medical Alliance. He and i, I would have pa it was crazy. We'd have patients calling us all over the country saying, help get me outta this hospital. And he would accept transfers from all over the country so people would be, you know, life flighted from ICU and, and Maine and, and, and taken down to Houston. And he would care for them. And this hospital, UMMC allowed him to use ivermectin.


And, and we were, so there was a whole protocol that was, it's called the Math Plus Protocol and started by F-L-C-C-C, which now is Independent Medical Alliance. But it was high dose steroids, it was high dose ivermectin, it was high dose vitamin C, it was breathing treatment. So it was all these very basic, you know, not dangerous things that weren't being done. He saved a lot of lives, he worked crazy. I mean, I think he worked over two and a half years straight without even a break. But I was fortunate to have him as an ally and somebody that What a man. Yeah. Good for him. So do, you're clearly a data person.


Do we have like the final outcome? Like how did those patients do versus patients who were like intubated in some Biden controlled hospital? Well, if you look at, there's a great website that compiles all the ivermectin data just by itself. And there we have 105 studies showing the efficacy of ivermectin and it it, you know, it varied depending on the, the actual patient as it should. Of course. Yeah. And, and you wouldn't always just use Ivermectin. So you know, my, in my more severe patients, I would use a combination of ivermectin, hydroxychloroquine, azithromycin. During that second week I would do higher dose steroids if necessary.


I would do breathing treatments. So it's hard to isolate saying, okay, well it's just ivermectin. But when you look on this compilation of studies, I mean, even in the late stages, and you were asking me about this earlier, even in late stages, they showed that Ivermectin could decrease mortality by 40%. It's most effective if you actually take it as prevention. So people taking it twice a week do The best. And then the people that start day one or two or three, they're the next best. But So we, I mean that's established. We know that. Well it depends on who you ask, but yes, there's plenty of data supporting that. So why isn't that like the official CDC protocol for covid?


Well, you know, it, it would help myself and other doctors who, I mean, I'm not the only doctor going through this with a medical board, but if they could make it a countermeasure, then it's protected under the prep Act. And then it makes all these issues that we're having with the medical boards essentially go away. Is there anybody who has counter data numbers showing the opposite that people taking Ivermectin, like die more? Well, I wouldn't say that they'd say it doesn't work or it's not, but the studies that, that are all establishment, you know, in the, in the big journals, they're either, either they didn't give the ivermectin soon enough or they gave too low of a dose, or the study was sponsored by somebody that has financial interest and seeing it not work.


So there are studies countering that. But if you, if you look at the, there's just an abundance of data showing it works and it's super safe. So I, I was a little bit nervous before I started using it because of all the, you know, media, you know, that's only for horses and that sort of thing. So I dug into it and I did what Does it help horses? I know we kept hearing it was a horse deworm. Is it effective? Yes. I mean for, for their parasite issues. But so I looked at the study where Merck submitted to the FDA, it's on their website, anybody can find it. And you get toxicity data and there's something called the LD 50, which stands for Lethal dose 50.


It's a benchmark number that is used to gauge how toxic a medication is. So the higher the number, the, the lower the toxicity. And in, in Covid we were using higher doses of Ivermectin than what you used to treat a parasite. So I wanted to make sure these higher doses were okay. Well if you look at the LD 50 of Ivermectin, it's, it's anywhere from 11 to 82 times what we're giving for covid. So we are far under that threshold. And then I did a literature search and I tried to find accidental intentional overdoses from Ivermectin. Yeah. And I couldn't find anything. And, and I checked recently And there was one study showing some issues and then it was a little bit muddy, like, was this really ivermectin?


But if you look at Tylenol, I mean, there's thousands of papers showing toxicity from Tylenol. So it Is, I I know. So, and it is, you know, advanced liver disease from it, so Really? Wow. Yeah. Yeah. Well that's a thing as You know. No, It's, and thousands of people die every year, right? Yeah. So propofol used every day in hospitals. I mean, you screw that up by a tiny bit, you're dead. Hmm. Yeah, correct. Right. Well, yeah. Yeah. I haven't seen it, but Sure. Killed Michael Jackson. Yep. Well That was right. But I'm just saying like, awesome hospitals work with incredibly dangerous drugs every day. Right, right. I'm sure you do. Yeah. Yeah. So what are the side effects of it? It's, I tell people I have a harder time with antibiotics in terms of side effects. Like if I'm gonna get a call back in my office, it's usually about an antibiotic problem.


Not ivermectin, but You can get some GI issues, diarrhea and that You can get blurry vision, but the blurry vision goes away when you stop taking it. And it's not like, oh, I can't read. It's more like, oh, something's a little off. Not, you know? That's it. That's it. So I guess what you're saying without saying it, is that there's really no compelling medical reason to call the cops if your nurse shows up with Ivermectin. Exactly. So that's like purely political. Right. How did your business get your profession get so politicized? Yeah, It's awful. I mean, Did you know that before all of this? No. And I remember, you know, Methodist came after me very vocally and I had a press conference outside my office as a, you know, I'm not, I'm not standing, I'm not putting up with this.


And I said, you know, politics has no business in healthcare. And at the time I really believed it. I was not political at all prior to this. I really, I, I shied away from PII really didn't like it. And I thought it was too divisive and here, and here I am. But No, I think that's such a wonderful and very American, you have children. Yeah. And that's like a sweet kind of, that's, that's how you should feel. Yeah. That's how you should feel. I married just someone feels that way. Ah, not only people arguing, like, that's great, you know, we have important things to do. Like, right. Yeah. No, I'm sorry. I'm not making fun of you at all. I love that. But now I feel like there's no other choice.


That's right. That's right. You just have to, you have to get involved. So, So you were not politically aware at all before this started and were you aware that your business, that medicine was so politicized, had you noticed it at all? No, it's interesting that I, I went and looked at the data for Texas, 'cause Texas has been infiltrated by people from all over the country. Oh, I'm Aware. Yeah. 33% population. It's gonna be California. Yeah, it is. And you look at healthcare professionals, what they donated like to political parties. And 10 years ago they primarily donated to Republicans and now they primarily donate to Democrats.


The whole profession has shifted. I I have a theory for why, but you, you're the doctor. So you tell me what you think the cause of that is. Well, I think medicine in general, I mean the corporate practice, it's become the corporate practice in medicine, it's become centralized. It's, you know, only 1% of doctors are not employed. I'm one of those, but Not employed. Like, so 77% of doctors are employed by a hospital. 20% are employed by private equity or an insurance company. And 2% are employed by the government and only 1% are like myself. Where So your choice is like your corporate douche overlords, private equity or insurance companies.


It's like, it's like a joke or the government, right? Right. And you're in the 1% that has your own business. Yep. Maybe that's the answer right there. Well, I think it is. I mean, we have to, doctors need to regain their power. They've lost all their power And they Have no power. They Have no power. They're Just like little worker bees getting ordered around. I desi So I, when I got outta residency, I worked in a traditional practice and I started What Do doing, can you tell us? Doing what? Just Ear, nose and throat and sleep medicine. And it was small, but it was, it was easy. And, but I was always bothered by the stranglehold that the insurance companies had over my ability to treat my patients.


So like, one easy example is your nose and throat doctor. We do an endoscopic exam of the nose. It takes about extra 10 minutes. Not really a big deal. Doesn't sound that fun though, for the patient. It's, It's really not bad. You, you numb it up first with spray. There's no shots. But if I did that and I, and I marked the code on the sheet, on the receipt, the patient might get some gigantic bill, like $400 for doing this little simple procedure, which as an ENT, it's pretty essential. It's part of our, you know, makes us different from the primary care doctor. We're able to look in there. So it always stressed me out in the back of my mind, like, I'm gonna do this and is the patient gonna get some big bill?


Right. I hated it. So when I, I, you know, I took time off 'cause I had, I had four boys in five years and I You four boys. Yes. And, and and Yes. Was that like It was, it was chaotic. Yes. And I wasn't sure I was gonna go back. I, I, I started off, I'm just gonna take a year off. And that led to seven years off. I wasn't sure I wasn't even gonna go back to medicine. But as I got older, yeah, I just kept nagging at me. So I decided to go back, but I decided I was gonna do it on my own terms. So I called myself third party free. I don't contract with insurance companies, I don't contract with hospitals and I don't contract with the government. And the only people I work for are my patients.


And it was So they just like give you a credit card when they come in. That's it. Yes. But they, And they can file a receipt. They can file a claim to their insurance company and yeah, it's very transparent. Everybody knows how much everything costs. And it's actually, you know, there's so many people that have very high deductible insurance now that they're basically cash patients. Unless something catastrophic happens. And if you go to a traditional doctor's practice, half the time they don't even know what to charge you for a cash patient. 'cause they're just so entrenched with the insurance industry. But there is a growing movement of doctors like myself and I'm a specialist so it's a little unusual, but there's something called direct primary care.


And Direct primary care is like affordable concierge care. So you're paying cash, but it's, the cost is typical like a gym membership. So it's not super high. You get a lot more access to your doctor. You got a lot more time, probably more quality. They're not always like-minded in terms of covid. And to me that's a litmus test for your doctor. But it's a, it's a better way of doing it. You get much more access, higher quality care, more time and you know, save your insurance for the catastrophic care. That's what, that's what we do for our cars. And you know, use your, in HSA, so health savings account, if You can get one of those and the government could expand those and make those more available for people.


'cause right now it's sort of limited based on your employer. But if You can pay out of pocket for your basics, then you are likely to have a better experience. I think it's, and but it also frees the doctor to think independently. Right. And to think on behalf of patients. Why didn't you get the covid shot? Almost. Got it. I, in my mind I thought, okay, this thing, I don't think it was gonna work, but I didn't think it was gonna hurt people. I just thought, I just don't think it's gonna work. Why? Why did you think that? Because I trusted. I trusted, yeah. I really had never given the F-D-A-C-D-C-H-H-S-A thought.


I really hadn't, they weren't on my radar. I just sort of assumed that everything was fine. Well, But because you assumed that it's, it's interesting that you didn't think the shot would work. Right? Well I, it is just 'cause of speed. I thought, well how are they gonna get this together so quickly that it's gonna work. I also, I looked at the study and I looked at how they conducted the study and I didn't like how they did that. So the people, the test subjects were not routinely tested. They were just tested at the doctor felt like they needed to be tested, which seemed a little too muddy to me. So that, that I had a hesitation on that regard too. And then I showed up.


But you know, I had this looming deadline 'cause I had privileges at Houston Methodist and you had to sign an attestation and the attestation said that you either got the shot or you intended to get the shot. So I just woke up on a Saturday morning, I'm like, I'll just, I'll just do it. Let's just get it over with. I went to the, a grocery store and I stood in line where, where everybody should get their medical care. Right. Go to the grocery store. Yeah. Right. I stood in line and the line was long and I got impatient And I was like, I'm gonna leave. I'll come back another time. And I never came back. Thankfully. Why, Why didn't I go back? Yeah. I mean that's just, it's a big deal.


You've got privileges of this hospital. It's, you know, you treat patients, but this is part of your business. You're getting paid and you're a doctor so you kind of have to get the shot. Like we're all on board. Everyone's doing this. And they really were mad at doctors who didn't take it because that's, and nurses, because that's such a statement. Well, I mean here's how I justified it in my mind, I, I never stepped foot in a hospital. I had privileges there just as a emergency situation. So it wasn't like, okay, let's say I got covid 'cause I didn't get the shot and then I'm going around the hospital infecting everybody. I wasn't in the hospital. I also knew that early treatment worked. So I knew that, you know, this shot was not necessary because I was seeing It firsthand.


I know, but there's so much pressure on everybody, particularly on physicians at that point to do it. If you don't do it, it's a big hassle. You knew that it was gonna be a hassle. And so just like, I dunno, the tide is moving really briskly in one direction and use, decide to swim against it. That's more than just like a casual decision. That's a serious decision. And I'm just trying to get to the heart of why you made it. 'cause you're clearly a thoughtful person. Doesn't like do ran, you're a doctor. You like, you don't just do random things one day. It's like, what was it? Yeah. Was it instinct? I I think it was more, yeah, instinct and e everything was so busy during that time. I mean, I, I couldn't think straight. I mean we were, it was just slammed.


And I just remember thinking, oh, I'm just gonna go get this over with and just knock this off my list. And then when it didn't happen I thought, well this is, this is a sign. You know, I I'm not going back. So it may just be instinct Or Providence. Providence. Okay. So I mean that decision changed your life Of course. 'cause it puts you on the other side. Yeah. From everyone else. Yeah. How did your patients do with Covid? Everybody? So I used to give out my cell phone to everybody, especially, you know, the sick ones. Everybody that got early treatment survived. I even had some really, really sick people come in, in the, in the second, third week.


So, second third week is when the inflammatory cascades set in and people would get really sick. I had a man come in with an oxygen saturation in the sixties. And he was not a healthy guy. Had a history of a heart attack. He had a history of throat cancer. He was a, a veteran and he's, he basically said, I'm not going to the hospital. 'cause normally if somebody walked, walked to my office like that, I'd call the ambulance and say, hey. Yeah. But I had to allow him to potentially die in my office, which was very scary. But, and I had a handful of people like this. He wasn't Yelling. So he sounds like he's on the brink. Yeah, no, he was bad. But you know, I had nurses that could do IVs. So we gave him high dose steroids and the iv, we gave him antibiotics, breathing treatments, high dose iv vitamin C.


We gave him high dose ivermectin and we brought him in every day as an outpatient. 'cause I didn't have a hospital bed in my office. And, And he survived. And I had a lot like that. So it, it was very gratifying. I learned a lot. I mean, it was, I learned that just because somebody's oxygen saturation's low, they don't need to be immediately put on a ventilator, which is the dogma that we came into the pandemic with. But I think that dogma has changed, or at least I'm not in medicine of course. But for normal people there is this sense that like, stay away from ventilators. Right. Do you think that's a fair feeling? I, yeah. I mean I can see why doctors did it initially. Of course I get it.


Yeah. Because you know, if somebody's struggling to breathe, that's a really scary, stressful feeling for a patient. Yes. When you can't get enough oxygen, it's horrible. So I can understand, but I guess what I don't understand is why they didn't do more to keep 'em off the ventilator. It, it's bizarre to me. I mean they gave him steroids but they gave him very small doses of steroids. I mean, why didn't they just throw the kitchen sink at these people And they just got stuck in these protocols and just basically allowed people to die.


I was in a restaurant the other night, In fact this weekend, and I had a little trouble hearing what people were saying and I thought to myself, I'm a little young to go deaf. Why? Well, because I grew up shooting bird hunting, target shooting. And I remember my father saying, just stick a Marlboro filter in your opposite ear and you'll be fine. I wish we'd had suppressors, but we didn't. You can now check out silencer central silencers play a crucial role in improving accuracy, maximizing your experience and protecting your hearing. They're not dangerous or scary, it's just the opposite. Not using them can be dangerous. Have dinner with me in a restaurant and you'll know what I mean. Silencer Central can fix your problems immediately. They will find the perfect silencer for you and make it very easy to buy one. It's not the hassle you thought it was. I know. 'cause I just went through it. So you get approved and then silencer central ships your order straight to your door, no hassle whatsoever. It is easy. It doesn't get any better In fact. So if you thought it was impossible to shoot suppressed you were wrong, go to silencer central.com right now. Start browsing, use the code Tucker 10 for 10% off your first purchase of banish suppressors. Highly recommended s


So you said you didn't want to go to the hospital? I live in a obviously tiny world like we all do. But I don't know anybody who in my world who wants to go to the hospital. I know a lot of people who have resolved. I'm never going to the hospital. And they really, you know, I've seen it very sick people. I'm not going What do you think of that attitude? Yeah, I was, I realized I've been in the hospital seven times and I know well, childbirth and As a physician. Oh, well childbirth. Yeah. As as a patient. As a patient. Yeah. And one of them, I was really sick. I mean I had pneumonia and sepsis and I'm very grateful to the people who helped me. And this is from the flu and I had gotten the flu shot by the way.


But now, like you said, I mean everybody is terrified to go to the hospital. I mean, the hospital used to be the place you go. Of course safe place. That's where you go save my life. Safe place. And now people are terrified to go to the hospital. And so, you know, our current administration needs, if they don't do anything that that's a big problem because the, the trust has just been destroyed. Do you see that with your patients? Oh Yeah. That's the most common question I get is where should I go if I need to go to the hospital and I don't have a great answer for them. You know, your best bet is just keep yourself healthy. I mean, the biggest thing people can do is, is keep themselves healthy. Manage your diet, manage your stress, get enough sleep, exercise, get enough sun, and just stay outta the hospital.


But, but keeping your weight under control is probably number one. Is it really? Why? Because you gain weight, you're more susceptible to infection, you're more susceptible to heart disease. You're more susceptible to cancer. And those are the, the big three. And you have to buy new clothes, which is unacceptable. Yep. You don't wanna buy new clothes. Right. I'm just, well, but you know, if you lose weight, you have to put, I've, so I did carnivore for six months and I had to buy a whole new wardrobe. But I'm, I'm speaking as a man, You can't buy new clothes. You Can't? No. Why Not a lot? It's against the rules. Oh. Oh. Can't find new clothes.


That's what keeps me in line. Just, sorry. Really had it worked that well. I weigh now, when I weighed in high school, I never thought I'd get to that point. I did it for six months. And you know, it, it's not for everybody, but I'll say it's a lot safer than Ozempic and Manjoo And it's very simple. I mean, you, you basically eliminate all carbohydrates from your diet. Yeah. And you just eat meat and Fat. Cheese. Yeah. And you snack on bacon. I mean, it's crazy. And you're like shedding pounds. It's boring, but it's simple. You don't count calories, you don't get hungry. I mean, you do go through the sugar withdrawal, sugar's very addictive.


You think So? But what do you think of fasting? Yeah, I tried, the intermittent fasting did not work for me. I've heard that for women it's not as effective. I worry that it slows down metabolism. But you know, I have never tried it. And I know people swear by it. Hmm. So you don't have a good answer on the hospital question? I noticed. Oh, oh. How to, how to fix that? No. Like what do you do if you get sick? Like, oh, your, your answer was don't get sick. Well, if you have to go to the hospital, be prepared. Have somebody with, you have your, there is a patient bill of rights. You have rights in the hospital.


Make sure you know those rights. I haven't noticed them. Yeah, they don't, they don't advertise 'em. But why Do doctors patronize patients? Oh yeah. So that, that's a big And it's, what Is that treating them like children? Well, when I started 20, 23 years ago, patients didn't have a lot of access to information. Not like they have now. So we were in charge, we were definitely in charge 'cause we had the information. And patients really, unless they had textbooks, they didn't have it. 'cause it wasn't, we didn't have online information. And now, I mean, patients are well informed. And so every conversation I have with a patient, I'm, I know that they have been researching And they have a lot of information at their disposal.


And I think a lot of doctors don't like that. I embrace it because, I mean, I learn from my patients and if, if a patient finds something, I will dig into it. 'cause I don't have time to dig into all of everything. Right. And you see weird things and I like it. But I think that doctors don't like that. It's, it's a power thing. And it, I mean, it can be frustrating on the flip side, if you feel like you really know what's going on and you're challenged by something somebody's read on the internet, that can be frustrating. But it's, yeah. The doctors just don't, it's, it's a power thing and an ego thing mostly.


That was my suspicion. So what did you end up thinking of the shot, the covid shot? It's horrible. It needs to be pulled off the market. It should have been pulled off the market a long time ago. I looked at my patients in the two years following the rollout of the COVID shots and 7% of my new patients were coming to see me for severe injuries. I've never seen anything like it with any other product on the market. Like if this were an antibiotic and you were seeing all these side effects, it would've been yanked off a long time ago. Normally the FDA will put a black box warning on a medication. If there have been five deaths, they'll pull it off the market.


If there have been 50, well, according to ves, which VES is vaccine adverse event reporting system. And it's, it's vastly under, under reported, which I've have seen firsthand because, but It's been in place for 50 years or something. I mean, it's longitudinal. Right. So we can see the response to all these different Exactly, yeah. Medications. Right. According to ves, there've been 38,000 deaths from these COVID shots. So under normal circumstances, the FDA would've pulled it. But instead they've doubled down. They've put the shots on the childhood vaccine schedule. All baby, all babies are expected to get three covid shots by the time they're nine months old.


The shots are still under EUA status for this age group. So under 12, they're not even fully approved by the FDA and yet they're on the vaccine schedule. And according to the CDC 9 million American children have gotten the latest version of these covid shots. Actually. Yes, yes. Still. Yes. Yes. 9 million, 12%. The, the concern I have with these kids. So we know MyCard, Hey, This is going on right now. Yes. I think we voted against this. Yeah. Correct. I don't know. You're very diplomatic, but I'm just stunned to learn that that's happening right now.


Yeah. Could this be shut down? It should have been shut down a long time ago. And you know, what's the 9 million babies have had Covid shots. Yeah. Well, children, children minors. Is it compulsory? It it's still compulsory in some states. Yes. And some businesses not in Texas. So Texas actually passed a law outlawing mandates for covid shots. But I actually reached out to people on Twitter yesterday And they said, all these people said, yeah, it's still requiring the shots for jobs or a nursing program or even transplants.


So we're gonna let you die unless you get the shot. Yep. How could we fix that? Hmm. Well, the shots need to be pulled off the market immediately. Who Could do that? Who could do that? The FDA. Okay. So Marty Macari, he could do that. And then we need accountability. I mean, we need, we can't sweep this under the rug because we will never restore that trust. And that's, that's the key thing is if, if nothing happens, it's just a festering wound and the res the trust will never come back.


Are there any indications that this is coming soon? I mean, I'm not privy to conversations in the government, but I think you probably follow this as closely as anybody. There's so much going on. So I'm gonna just plead ignorance on that basis. There's like a lot Yeah. Multiple wars and the economy and you know, there's just a lot to distract you from this question, but I think it's a, a really important question, but you are focused on it. Have you seen any sign at all that these products, which according to the self-reporting system fares, have killed 38,000 people, that they're gonna be pulled off the market? I I have not. I mean, I, it seems to me that HHS their focus now has shifted or I don't know, it, their focus is on food and food quality and improving that.


And I haven't heard a a, a word about covid or the covid shots. Really Not, I mean, and maybe I've missed something, but that's, I mean, I'm just reading what you're reading. I mean, I don't, I don't, Food is like smoking and, and I love bad food and I love smoking. I don't smoke anymore. But I, I loved it and I, I'll just say that, never hate me for it, but it's just true. That's why people do it. 'cause they love it. And I love pizza. I don't think I ever smoked a cigarette. I don't think I've ever eaten a slice of pizza without knowing it was bad for me. Yeah, Exactly. So like, it's common sense. It's, It is common sense. I mean, I do think like we shouldn't allow food stamps or snap to be used for Coca-Cola.


Okay. Obviously there are changes You can make for sure. But like, you know, when you're eating garbage, that's what we call it, garbage. I'm 55, they called it that in 1975. They'd be like, oh, your junk food. Right, right, Right. You know what junk food is. Right. It's the delicious stuff. So like, I'm not, I mean, I think it's important. I do think eating right is important and I try not gonna eat any freaking vegetables though, but whatever. But, but like the covid stuff seemed, the, the va, the shot seems like it an imminent threat. Yes. And my concern giving it to babies because myocarditis you think That you pro you're positive That's actually happening.


Babies are getting this. Oh yeah. Oh yeah, definitely. You can find it on the CDCI Trust you. It's freaking me out. I didn't know that. Yeah. That's why we, we can't let this just go away, babies. So myocarditis, we know there's an increased re risk of myocarditis in teenage boys who take these shots. We don't know what that risk is for nonverbal babies because the, the symptom is chest pain. So a baby, we, the baby could be getting myocarditis and we have no idea. Myocarditis can leave a scar on the heart, and then years later, you know, the, the heart is permanently, Right.


You're playing lacrosse and you drop, Right. And, and, and that's my big concern. These babies could be getting myocarditis, and we have no idea. Do you Believe that those shots are responsible for permanent immune system damage? I think, well, what I have been looking at is spike protein antibody levels. So when you get a vaccine, You can, traditionally, we call 'em titers. So like people who get hepatitis B vaccine, You can look at the titers, the antibody levels and see if you have protection. We do that as in the hospital a lot. So they wanna make sure if you work in the hospital, if you get stuck by a needle, you're not gonna get hepatitis B.


So I've started looking at these spike protein antibody levels, and it's alarming because the people, I can tell immediately, if somebody had the shot in, in the vaccinated, these antibody levels are, I, I did an average last night, 13,000, and the unvaccinated average is a thousand. So there's huge discrepancy. And This is years after the shot. This is, Yeah, years after. And these people, most of these people have gotten two, maybe three. Nobody's gotten more than that. And none of these people had been sick recently with covid. So it's very alarming to me. It suggests, I mean, we don't know, but we, it suggests that spike protein is still active and still replicating, possibly in the body.


I mean, the mRNA in these shots is not mRNA. It's, it's a synthetic mRNA. And it was, it was made to, to avoid degradation. So it was, it is made to, to stay in the body. That was the purpose of it, of modifying it. So when I see these levels like this, it, it really concerns me that we have an issue with this ongoing spike protein in the body. What are the consequences of that, do you think? Well, I think cancer is a, a big concern. I think immune dysfunction. How, How would that affect cancer? Well, the spike protein is oncogenic what your, your sh sheen talked about that.


So viruses can be oncogenic. It appears that the spike protein, the, the mRNA shots have SV 40 in it, which is a, an oncogenic virus. We, there's something called frame shifting. So when the mRNA is in production, is integrating that it can produce new proteins just by, by little mistakes that happen. So these new proteins, we don't know what they are, but they could cause autoimmune disease and, and possibly cancer as well. There's just a lot unknowns. I mean, we don't even, we need a test to detect spike protein. All we have now is the antibody test.


We really need a lot more re we need an antidote. We need, I mean, I am struggling because I have all these injured people, and I usually start with ivermectin and Ivermectin helps. It binds a spike protein and it's anti-inflammatory. But we're really limited and we need a solution. So we need the NIH to really dig into this and, and help these injured patients because they, they're very challenging. And you know, we're, we're sort of just, you know, experimenting because we don't know and They're not helping, I would say. I mean, I get, you know, I've tried a lot of things and my, the thing that works The best is Ivermectin, but it's slow going.


It's, you know, I usually put people on for a long period of time before saying, okay, this is not gonna work. And it's just hard because we, you know, there's just not, we need the NIH to step up and, and help us


Time for their true life ALP story. I got a call from a friend of mine yesterday, honestly, true story, who said his girlfriend had just broken up with him over alp. He wouldn't stop. And I thought to myself, that's kind of sad. And he said, no, it's not sad it, imagine if I'd married her now I know I was saved. Then the next day, this same friend is driving at twice the speed limit through a major American city. Pulled over by a cop in a speed trap. Cop takes his license, registration, goes back to the patrol car, runs him, comes back, looks in the window and sees a tin of ALP on the dashboard. Pauses stunned. Says to my friend, use alp. Yeah, I do. Says my friend. So do I. Says, the cop, we all do. He looks at my friend thoughtfully and goes, drive safely, sir. And hands back his license and registration, no ticket. So in two days, he's saved from a tragic marriage to a girl who doesn't like alp. And a speeding ticket. All true. It's more than a nicotine. In an of 350 million people are guessing there are about 350 million ALP stories. Email us, yours, we want to know and read it on the air email. Tell all@alppouch.com. Tell all@apouch.com. Give us your ALP story.


So one of the primary platforms we use for distribution is YouTube, which in general has been great, actually, if I'm being honest, a lot less censorship than I got in any television job I ever had. So we're really grateful to YouTube. I never thought I'd say that, but the one area where we get censored by YouTube is when we talk about the covid shot, and which I think is really interesting. So this will probably be censored on YouTube, but I just want to, I just want to ask you, but you're a physician, clinical physician, you're treating people thousands of people. And so I, I feel like I have to ask you this. Tell us about the injuries you are seeing.


So I don't get the, the sudden, you know, collapse, myocarditis, stroke sort of situation because I'm outpatient, The soccer players. Right. I see, I see the, yeah, it's, it varies, but I've seen some very strange rashes that don't go away with steroids and antihistamines and actually Like rashes, Like bumpy red splotchy. I mean, I had this poor kid, 15 years old. It was all, all over his face. All over his body. And he responded so well to Ivermectin. That was a great case. So are you sure that was vaccinated? Yeah, it came on right. I mean, he had no prior history came on.


He is 15. He's 15. It came on right after the covid shots, the I see pots. So pots is when the blood pressure drops suddenly or goes up real high suddenly for no clear trigger. And your pulse may be erratic as well. That's been a big thing with the covid patients. That's very difficult to, to fix. I've seen a lot of neurological Can, can I ask about po what does pot stand for? Postural orthostatic hyper or temporal? Hyper, ah, postural orthostatic syncope. I don't understand a single word of that.


I probably shouldn't have asked you, but, but like, what are its effects? But so, so you feel faint. So you, you, you may just be standing there and your blood pressure drops or, or your, or your pulse goes up way high and you feel like you're having a panic attack, that sort of thing. So it's symptomatic changes in your blood pressure that occur without any kind of trigger. What, I mean, that sounds like it could be dangerous. Yeah, Yeah. It's, it's very, and it's very hard to treat. So I see a lot of that. I've seen neurological tremors. Oh, come On. Oh Yeah, yeah. No, no. Tremors Saw a patient a little bit older than me, CEO of a company. He came in And he gave me his business card And he said, hi, I am this so and so.


And he, And he gave me his other card And he go, and this is the biggest mistake I've ever made in my life. He gave me his vaccine card. Very difficult to, to, I mean, we've gotten a little bit of improvement, but just, you know, and a lot of fatigue, Hand tremors, Whole body, his whole body. No way. Yeah. Even when he sleeps, that's gotta affect every part of Their life. Well, you know, a lot, a lot of these patients say they feel a lot of burning like pins and needles when they sleep, which, which is typical with neuropathy. So That sounds like a life destroyer. No, yeah. It's, it's bad. And they don't just, it's not like giving them an antibiotic and a week later they're better.


These are chronic conditions and the government's not helping. So, you know, Brion Dressen of React 19, I don't know if, so React 19 was a organization started to help the injured from, you know, with the Covid shots. The head of that organization was involved in the AstraZeneca trial. So she was a, she volunteered to be a Guinea pig and she got injured. Government just came out and said, they're not going to help her. They're not gonna give her any kind of financial reimbursement When Mm, no, maybe a week or two ago. I don't understand. Like, we didn't vote for this at all.


Right? I mean, the government, well, in her case, she was part of the clinical trials, you said, right. But everybody else not including me. And you took it because we were, you know, subject of like the biggest propaganda campaign in American history. So yeah, we're forced by the government to take it. Right. By the way, why aren't the companies paying these people? Companies have no liability risk with these products. And the prep Act even further protects 'em. So it's Very hard. When was the Prep Act passed? It is not, it does not expire until 2029.


And so under the Prep Act, they're even more shielded. Anything that happens, anything that's designated as a countermeasure is protected. So anything that happens in the hospitals, anything that happens from these shots, it's all protected from liability. There. There is one really monumental lawsuit going on that could change that. Brooke Jackson is a whistleblower for phys for Pfizer. And she was involved in the research. So she was at the clinical trial sites, she was the manager and she was seeing all sorts of issues with the way they were conducting the trial.


And she brought that to the company's attention. She brought that to the FDA's attention, and she was fired. So she has been in this gigantic legal battle against Pfizer for a long time now. I think we're going on four years. And unfortunately, and this was during Biden, the DOJ stepped in and, and basically said, no, you can't sue Pfizer. It it's crazy. You Can't sue Pfizer. Oh, of course you can't sue Pfizer. The DOJ stuck up for Pfizer, which is not usually how that works. I'm surprised he didn't arrest her for complaining. Exactly. This has gotta be making you pretty radical.


It doesn't seem very radical to me. It seems like common sense. Yeah. You don't seem like a radical person, but this is makes me feel radical. So, neurological symptoms, and you're, and you're pretty convinced those are also from the shot? Well, you look at, okay, what was their past history? Do they have any issues? Were they otherwise healthy? And then when did these things start happening? And we, the timeline. And then the other thing is, they typically go to other doctors And they get the million dollar workup And they can't find anything to explain it. And the doctors are baffled. They put them on psychiatric medications. Not really. Oh yeah, I saw one patient on a sleeping pill.


A benzodiazepine No, and an antidepressant. SSI, why do we have so many mass shooters in this country? I don't know. It's baffling. That's shocking. So they used to, I mean, as in just American culture, they used to make fun of 19th century medical cures for hysteria. You know, it was always like, you know, like the Victorian medical cure and one would've a problem. They'd be like, here's a giant vibrator, or do you know what I mean? Like, literally they made that like, it's all in your head, honey, calm down. Yeah. And that was like a, a trope. Yeah.


And, and I was hardly a feminist, but I was kind of sympathetic to that. Like, don't, don't just like dismiss People. You know what I mean? Right, right. Tell 'em they're hysterical. Right. But that's, that's what you're describing. That's what's happening. Yes. They don't get reported to VAs. I've had to report every single patient that came to my to see me for an injury. I was the one, Even those, they'd seen multiple other doctors. It was me that had to report it to ves. So I know it's under-reported. Ves is one of those things. I love the idea of ves and it, I remember reading the ves report in 2021 when I worked on in television and just going on one night and reading it, like, here's what's been reported from this compound that people are being forced to take.


And man, I got so attacked by, you know, the Atlantic magazine and everybody, it's like, no, this is a federal reporting system. Right. And that was kind of the last I ever heard of theirs. Like no one ever mentions it. Like what's the, what's the point of having it if it's like irrelevant? Yeah. And it's not subtle. If you look on there, you don't, you don't have to have a degree in statistics to understand what's going on. I mean, it's like nothing's happening. And then whoosh, you know, just it's especially, it's not subtle. It was in place during the rollout of bunch of other vaccines. Right. Like going a long way back. So it's like, you know, measles, rubella, you know? Right. Covid. Exactly right. Yeah. I don't have any degree.


And I could, I could understand that. So does that, do you ever hear federal officials make reference to bears? I had not to my knowledge. I mean, I could have missed that, but no. So the idea with Vera seems to be that people are complaining again, they need to shut up. Apparently it's one, one more thing's being swept under the rug. Okay. So you've told a much sadder story than I expected to hear. Are you concerned that because the technology in these shots wa was, you know, brand new, never deployed before at scale anyway. Is that correct? Right.


And the, you know, the trials for these drugs were like, I think we can say it's fair to say a joke, Right? That there are consequences that like, haven't manifest yet that we, Yeah, it's, it's hard to get up-to-date cancer numbers, but I'm hearing all sorts of things. Why Is it hard to get up-to-date cancer numbers? I, That's a good question. We're in The middle of a cancer moonshot doctor. Right, right. I, And there, there's probably people that have access to that data, but publicly it's hard. And, you know, so I have to rely, I don't see a ton of cancer in my practice, but I do have friends at MD Anderson And they said they've never seen anything like it. The young people coming in with very advanced tumors.


I think that's what we have to be worried about. Now, Can I ask, you've made reference like five times to, to numbers and the difficulty in getting numbers. I don't understand why. I mean, I understand why the identity of patients is shielded by federal law. That seems reasonable to me for privacy reasons. But you know, the, just the fact that someone has this or that disease with no identifying markers connected, like that seems like it should be public information. How is that not, why is there so much secrecy around medical data? Yeah. Well the data itself, It could be, there could be an agenda behind it. It could just be a total inefficiency of the bureaucracy.


I, it's hard to say, but yeah, it'd be nice if we could have more data. Well, isn't that essential to science? Yeah, it is. But you know, it's, it's also, I guess it's complicated in some degrees to get it all out there. But yeah, transparency would be, and even aside from the, the cancer numbers, I mean, like I said, with Covid, there are all these hospitals that had so much data at their disposal and didn't share it. It'd be nice to see, you know, Houston Methodist come out and share their data with us.


Since they were the first, they led the way with the mandates. It'd be nice to see how successful that effort was for, for their employees and for their patients. Can a lawsuit force that I actually sued them to get that data. Man, you are ferocious. But I lost, I lost I on What grounds? I don't know. It was just political grounds. I think I, I, I sued to get their financial data because as a nonprofit, they are supposed to give it to you if the somebody from the public wants to know, but I know this Is what they get in exchange for not paying property taxes. Right, right, right, Right. But there was some technicality. I I don't, it's, I don't understand really why we lost, but we did, we, we even appealed and we lost on appeal.


I Do you think that covid, clearly there's been no reckoning. You've not been recognized for your bravery impressions, you called it. And you should be rewarded for that. You haven't been likely, never will be. So there's so much about it. The shots are still being given to babies. That's my takeaway from this conversation. Yeah. There's no effort to pull this stuff from the market. 38,000 deaths later. There's no recourse. The average person has, you can't afford to hire lawyers and you can't sue the companies that make these products. And You can't sue the government officials that forced you to take these products.


Like, everything about it is just pure or Well, so that's the downside. And it's, it's like crushing actually, to hear all of this from you. I didn't expect to hear this. What are the upsides? Like, people are more aware. Do you see medicine in the United States getting better now that people who are paying attention know what's up? I think, I think people are feeling more empowered, which is how they should be. I mean, they should, they're not listening to the government for their healthcare decisions anymore. I think people have learned from that mistake. And I, you know, I have, I haven't lost all hope.


I'm grateful. You know, there was a time where I couldn't even, I was banned from Twitter. I don't know if you were, but you know, we are, free speech is coming back. And I Wouldn't, I mean, they, I'm not, look, they couldn't ban me from Twitter, so they didn't Yeah, yeah. But, but they could ban much more informed. Plus I'm, how am I a threat? I'm just some like random talk show host with an opinion. The people they want to ban are the people who are telling the informed truth. The physicians who are treating thousands of covid patients, like you are the threat, not me. We're like, I'm a doctor. I'm a reasonable person. I'm not political. Here's what I'm learning. They have to ban you. Right, right.


Well, and you know, we're making pro, Hey, I, I'm grateful to you for having me on here because this is old news to most people. Right. And, you know, we just need to keep speaking out. We just need to keep, I mean, my foot is on the pedal, you know, Even those, there is no pandemic anymore. But we must just keep pounding away at this. Well, it sounds like indications suggest, I mean, I don't, you don't wanna overstate anything, but it, it feels like there the consequences are still rippling. And I don't know why there's not an organized effort to find out, you know, our cancer rate spiking, we eliminated cigarette smoking, which was supposedly the main driver of cancer.


Right. I was there for all that. They brow by beat me into quitting, which is fine, you know, smoking's bad. I got it. But like cancer went up. So like at some point I have say, stop, you told me this, the opposite happened. Let's talk about why. Right. I'm not attacking you, but like, I, I demand an answer and I don't know why. How hard is that to get some statistician at NIH or wherever HHS to tell me what's happening with cancer rates and pediatric cancer rates, especially 'cause that's like crazy town. I think, you know, the money is there for the treatment, not for the cause. Right. So it is, you know, but how there's lots of money.


It's just going towards, well, well That doesn't make any sense. Like how, how can you recommend treatment without knowing its effect? How can you, you can't make any wise decision without all the facts as we say. Right, Right. But this is not, I mean, this is financially driven. So if you're, if you're in it to, to make money, you're gonna go after the treatment, not the cause. Very cynical about medical care Investing a lot. Would You have gone into this if you had known? Wow. Yeah. I mean, I'm sorry. Not to get you to reevaluate your life. Yeah, It's been very difficult, but it is been impactful and I, I, you know, in some ways I'm glad it happened.


It's, it's been very educational and you know, I have hope that it will change. It, it may, it may take another generation, but Covid should be the wake up call. And it, the, the seeds were there before Covid, but Covid should, covid brought it all out there. And we, and hopefully, you know, we could actually learn from it. And, and change course. You said you got a flu shot and then you went up in the, you went up in the hospital with pneumonia and sepsis. Yeah. I'm certain not to laugh at your illness, but, so, but you got a flu shot. I've never had a flu shot. 'cause I'm lazy. But you clearly believe, you know, you wouldn't have got it.


You're a doctor. You wouldn't have gotten it unless you thought it was efficacious. Right. So you got one. Has what you've seen over the past five years changed your view of other vaccine courses? Yeah, I mean, I, what I've realized is I made a lot of assumptions about vaccines. It was, you know, the gospel according to vaccines, when I was in training, there was no questioning. It, it was just accepted fact. They were safe and effective. And Covid made me realize that, well, hold on. Maybe let's see how they were tested. And they have not been tested like other products on the market. So they don't have placebo controlled trials, any of them? No, not like the other products on the market. And they don't have liability protection.


So they're, the companies are not motivated. They Don't have liability exposure. Yeah. Sorry. Yes. So the companies are not motivated. There's no repercussion if something goes wrong and there's no reason for it to spend a lot of money to ensure that it's safe. So now, you know, I have questions about all of them. Now I will say I'm not seeing the carnage from, you know, flu shot that I, that I've seen with the covid shot. I, I, I think there's a different degree of danger there, but it does make me question it all. And if you look at the, the flu shot, In fact has never been shown to decrease hospitalization or death in people that get the flu shot. And it actually makes you more susceptible to other viruses and You can treat it.


So I had a child who was badly injured by the flu vaccine. Oh, wow. And for me, that was one of the drivers in not, I mean, I had, when it happened, it was almost 20 years ago, I had no idea that facts, I never thought that vaccines could hurt anybody. Right. It never even entered my mind. I thought they were like one of the great miracles of science. I was so proud that we developed the polio vaccine, which I'm not against, but I didn't know that they had potential downsides. And that's one of the reasons I was like a little slow to want to, but anyway, what would you do?


So it sounds like you're not like against vaccines, but you, from what you just said, the system around vaccines does not put patient safety at the forefront of concern. Right. So how would you change that? Well, remove their liability protection. Require them to go through the, do you have liability Protection? Do I Yeah, no, no, I don't actually, I don't either. You Know, we need that. Yeah. Yeah. It'd be nice, you know, It'd be awesome. You just can't sue me here. Right. I'm such a good person. What I do is so important to the common wheel that you literally can't sue me. Exactly. That would be great.


Sorry, excuse me. Yeah, so I mean, just make them go through the process. Any other product has to go through, it's not very complicated. So that, that's the first thing you do. Yeah. Why isn't that happening? Apparently when, when this, it was in 1986 and when Reagan put the act in place, I guess there were two companies that almost got just decimated financially because of all the, the kickback, the lawsuits. That should have been a warning sign. Yeah. I mean, I obviously hate lawyers. I've never sued anybody. I don't think I ever will. I really hate lawyers quite as much as doctors, but in that range.


Okay. So I'm against lawsuits too. I get it. I totally get it. Some of the tort awards are insane and all of that stuff. But I also think it's fair if someone keeps getting sued for the same thing. Like if I get a sexual harassment suit for political reasons, I get eight of them. Right. Like, maybe I'm groping people, right. I mean, right. Yeah. Is that's fair. Yeah, that's fair. Yeah. As an empiricist. Do you agree with that? Yes. I, I am on board with that. Yes. So last question. What are you gonna do now that this is all over? Like, how are you, other than treating patients, how are you as a formerly politically disengaged person spending your time?


Hmm. I try to get away from it all as much as I can. And that's what I would advise anybody is just find something, a hobby that gets you away from things and get outside as much as You can. I probably, you know, my, I'm probably gonna slow down my practice a little bit just to give myself some breathing room. And I still have four boys in high school, so, but I'll continue to speak out and I may, I may do a podcast. I may, I don't know. I don't know what I'm gonna do, but the fight's not over. Thank you, doctor. I really appreciate it. That was great.


We wanna Thank you for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day. We know the people who run it. Good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bell so you never miss an episode. We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter, telling the truth always. You will not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell. We appreciate it. Thanks for watching.