
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's S number one, Sportsbook two, one plus Impress in Virginia must be first online real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt Restrictions apply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This woman came up to me screeching in a way. I mean, she can't know me. She didn't know me. I never met her as screeching, screeching, screeching, swearing and then spitting. That suggests that your mere physical presence evokes an emotional response. DOJ is a bigger mess even than some conspiracy minded people on the outside like me. Imagine Some people that say, what's Dan doing? Bunge, you know, he's going hammer and tongs at this stuff right here. The scope is bigger and it is therefore much, much worse than people think. Why would Tom Tillis be the instrument of your destruction? He Railed on J six. He said, how could you represent J six people? How could, how stupid do people have to be to go into the Capitol and blah, blah, blah.


The Republican Party tells you their one thing, but they actually another thing. Right Now it's Trump's party. It's just that some of the elites don't wanna let go. Right, exactly. You want your kid to go to Georgetown? Oh, it goes to Georgetown. It's way more than that. People just have no idea. The CI, a small arms training facility was on their campus. It's an arm of the deepest of the deep state. Way worse than Harvard actually, I think.


Thank you for doing this. So, I dunno, I'm laughing. I saw a very angry young woman spit in your face on camera two days ago that suggests that your mere physical presence evokes an emotional response. Why DC is in trouble. I'm from there. I can, I can vouch for that. You are gonna fix it. What exactly do you think, from your perspective, was the resistance to you? Well, first I'd like to point out Tucker, because I've been accused of having a signature piece of clothing now. Like in the old days, the bow tie. Yeah. You know the jacket that I wear that they sort of raincoat?


Yeah. The New York Times called it my signature. Well, I get, it was, it was very effective because the spit went on the, in the raincoat, it was able to be cleaned up. It's very old School Watergate, by the way. It's co colombo. I'm going Colombo. Not as my kid said Inspector Gadget. I thought that was de degrading. And I indicted all three of the four of them now. Alright, so look, I did the job. The p President Trump gave me this incredible privilege. Usually a US attorney is nominated and then they get current confirmed, and then they come into office, right? Yes. So it's usually like October and you finally get somebody in office. And that whole time you have the Sally Yates problem. Remember Sally Yates? Well, who was acting Well, yes. You have some acting person that's either undermining you Yes. Or is not totally into the job.


Exactly. Okay. So I said to the president a while ago, if you want me to do this job, can I have it on day one? And he agreed and he put me on day one. And so day one, we started swinging right away at all the things that we needed to swing at. Right? We, first of all, day one, we had the pardons 1600 pardons. Day two or three, we had two pardons of cops. Day three or four, we had all the face act pardons. It was a busy first week. But more importantly, as we were talking about affair, I started swinging. We started actually going for it. We said, okay, we're gonna, we're gonna weaponization, you know, Chuck Schumer's a bully. And we went at this fight, hammer and tongs, and everybody noticed, everybody noticed. Chuck Schumer noticed Dick Durbin starts firing off letters of complaint, all kinds of things.


And that's how you're supposed to do the job. I, I wish it was Consistent with the president's mandate since he was just elected by the majority of voters. Exactly Right. It's called democracy. It's called democracy. And he actually put some, you know, he put, he signed orders, he signed what he gave us, the direction he wanted us to do. Executive orders said, stop the weaponization, go look at this. And then by the way, attorney General Bond got in. She gave us an even more specific list. Right? So, but more importantly, Tucker, if if, if it was a hundred years ago, maybe you could just be genteel and prosecute the cases as they came along. Right. You could sit around and say, sooner or later it'll all work out. It's not a hundred years ago. And the fight Right now is a fight over everything from information to accountability to healing.


Right? So that's the fight. And US attorney is on the front lines in Washington DC when they're going after Elon Musk or Judge Boberg, they went after both. And I gave both of them a letter that said, Hey, I got your back. If you even threaten these people in a way that goes over the line, we're gonna, we're gonna indict you. You're Talking about the mob threatening with physical Violence. Yeah. They, mob the mob threatened Elon and the Doge guys, the mob threatened my prosecutors, the mob threatened Boberg. And I said, any of these things we're gonna step put a stop to it. So, but what happens is, I'm, I don't, I've not been able to try this out. I'll try to see if you like it. The Schumer smear, Schumer was so mad that I got into office And I said, hold on a second. You're not allowed to say the whirlwind is coming for Gorsuch and Kavanaugh.


And then a month later, Kavanaugh's got a guy with zip ties and a gun. Remember this? This is, this is very well. And so I said, hold on. The statute of limitations is coming five years, I'm gonna investigate this And I'm gonna ask Chuck Schumer, what did you mean? You, you cannot mean that you're allowed to stand and threaten justices. Right? And so I put that out. He refused to answer. He said, it's offensive, all that stuff. And then he went on a, a, a, you know, a jihad inside the Senate. He got opposition research. And he went member to member and said, this guy, Martin, you can't vote for him. This guy Martin, you can't. And so it's the Schumer smear. Then they call me names in the Washington Post, the, you know, the Washington Post bid, something they've never done before. Tucker underneath the head, the, the line Spencer, Jesus, he put a thing that said, if you have any tips on Martin, send 'em to us.


Said, I've never done this before. This. Like, we wanna get Martin, send us the tips. I sent a, I sent a letter to Bezos. I said, Hey, I'm not sure this is how the newspaper's supposed to run. He hasn't responded yet. But my point is, president Trump said, fight for the future of the country. And that fight can't be trapped in the article three gentility of a hundred years ago. It's the fight we got Right now. And that's what we're doing. So I think they hated me. And this woman came up to me screeching in a way, I mean, she can't know me. She didn't know me. I never met her. A screeching, screeching, screeching, swearing and then spitting. You know, I don't know. It just, who Was she? What happened to her? Well, they've identified her, And I guess they've, they've, I dunno if they've picked her up yet, but they know exactly who it is and all that.


And so, as you might imagine, I'm not involved in the case because, you know, I'm the victim in this case. Yes. So that, that's gotta be processed. But I I think that, you know, Marshalls and FBI were right on it. And they, they've got it figured out. So, So You think the genesis of the opposition was your request to Chuck Schumer, that he answered questions about encouraging violence against the Supreme Court justice? Well, I think that I, the role I am played was I, is epitomize, epitomized by that Right. Public and willing to fight for the right things. And Schumer certainly took it to, took it to heart and, and made a big deal out of, and then they just made me into somebody who's, the Washington Post had me on the front page of a one or B one every day for three or four weeks.


Like Wild A US attorney Dick Durbin sent me 561 questions. District court judges don't get that many, you know, no US attorney's ever gotten that many question after question accusing me of this and that and the other thing. So they obviously knew they didn't like something about what I was doing, and the public picks up on it. Right. The, and They worried what you would do. Well, that's, I think that's fair. So the US attorney needs Senate confirmation, Democrats control the Senate by a huge margin. Is that correct? Something like that? Yeah. Oh, no, that's not true. Yeah. No, No, that's, that's not quite true. No. Look, I would've won on the floor. But the Judiciary committee, Tillis Tillis, Tom Tillis decided to block it in the Judiciary Committee.


Democrat from California. Yeah, Well, something like that. Yeah. Oh, No. Republican from North Carolina. Right. Right. So why would Tom Tillis, who was elected in maybe 2012, 14, something like that ish, but a lot of money spent on that campaign. A lot of Republicans mo mobilized didn't get that guy elected in a swing state even then. And, you know, a lot of hope residing in Tom Tillis. Why would Tom Tillis be the instrument of your destruction? Well, look, I think, you know, I gotta say the Senate's got a process respect course process, of course. All that stuff, right? So check the box. I did that with, so I met with the guy for 90 minutes, you know, for by, by the way, for about a decade, I've done work when Phyllis Laffy, the late Phyllis Laffy, whom I worked, yes.


One of the things she cared a lot about was patents and protecting individual patent holders and inventors. So for years we've had patent events. One of the participants in the patent events is Tom Tillis all the time, because he's good on that issue. And, and we would work with him. So not a stranger in, in terms of policy stuff to me. So when I met with him 90 minutes, he, he railed on J six. He said, how could you represent J six people? How could, how stupid do people have to be to go into the capitol and blah, blah, blah. And I said, sir, you know, look, I, I've looked at this closely. I I it feels like you're not quite paying attention to what happened. Right. And, and, and that, that's correct. Exactly. Yeah. And look, here's the thing, you know, Tucker, this, this is what I mean by this is the fight. We're in this fight for the future of our country.


Millions of Americans are fall victim to the hoaxes one after another. Yes. And if you fall victim to the J six hoax that it was an insurrection armed, and this close to the end, then you might act like Tom Tillis, and you might rant and rave and say things like that. And that's what he did. But if you're, I think if you're not under the spell of the hoax, you say, wait a second, lots of people were waived into the capitol and, and maybe you could charge him with trespass, but you can't throw 'em in jail for three years, four, three and a half years. Right. Because of, and then the Supreme Court, bipartisan Supreme Court throws out the charge that was used. It's called the 1512 charge. When I got in my office as US Attorney, I said, first week we're gonna look at the 1512, who charged it?


And of course, it was charged by Merrick Garland and Lisa Monaco right across, it wasn't, it wasn't the guy in my chair. He's a he was an empty suit there to just, you know, carry water as they went in. It was right DOJ, directly up Attorney General, all the way up, right up right up. Of course. I mean, look, 1512 is an Andrew Weissman creation. Right. This was Andrew Weissman advocated for 1512 Charge, whos Andrew Weisman in the Mueller investigation and the Mueller invest. Andrew Weissman's, one of these lawyers who he's at NYU Right now, he goes in and outta government and he's basically at the center. There's about six or seven of these people that are at the center of coordinating the weaponization of government against the people Right now. Yes. Every time you turn around, you know, I love, I'll give it to you, the guy that was the prosecutor in Kosovo before Jack Smith, you know, a special prosecutor.


Yeah. Forget his name Right now. He, he left. So Jack Smith could come in, where'd he go? One guess NYU to Andrew Weisman's shop. Perfect. So when you watch Andrew Weisman's at Mueller, he says, in Mueller, we need 1512. We can charge Trump in the mul, watch this, we can use 1512. We're making it up, but we can get away with it if we build it out this way and just get everybody to go along. He fails at that Mueller, you know, BARR says, and, and Jeff Jensen, no, BARR says, you can't do that. Right. You can't do, we're not gonna do that. Shuts it down. And then along comes Andrew Weissman, Lisa Monaco, all these same people. They say, charge the 1512 Tucker, the 1512 charge. Right. Your viewers may not track it well enough, but 1512 was an addition to the law about 20 years ago after Enron, because Arthur Anderson, the accounting firm, was destroying documents.


Enron was the target of the investigation. Arthur Anderson was destroying documents, wasn't the target. And there was no law to say, if you knew there was an investigation, you shouldn't destroy documents. So they passed this law. Okay. 15, 12. It said, if you know there's an official proceeding, you're not allowed to destroy documents. Okay. Right. You got it. Fair. Yeah. Okay. That's it. All these years later, Weissman is saying, we'll, we'll use, you know, obstruction of official proceeding. We'll expand official proceeding, we'll call it. Oh yeah. We'll call it the electoral college count. And we'll go after everybody. But first, before we go for Trump, let's drag a couple of hundred people into jail. We'll make 'em plead guilty. We'll try 'em with a bad jury.


We'll make the judges roll along and we'll make sure we put 'em in one after another. And we'll say, see, 15, 12, it's a good charge. Judges went for it. Everybody went for it. And then we'll get Trump. And one judge said, no. Then it went up to the Supreme Court and the bipartisan Supreme Court said, hell no. And threw it all out. So we watched American citizens rotting in jail for years, for walking through the Capitol and 15, 12. And that's why, And Tillis Is okay with that. Tillis is, well, Tillis is saying, Oh My gosh. He said, anyone who's dumb enough to go into the capitol should be charged with everything in the sun. I said, well, if a cop opens the door and you walk in and you walk out, you're gonna charge him. And, and anyway, so what Did he say when you asked him? Well, he said, you know, you don't, because that's About what I, that's almost what I was about to say.


Yeah. That we now have videotape Jake Hansley, for example, A Q Anon shaman led into the Senate Chamber by a cop. Right. Wanders around and then leaves, and then goes to prison. Right. I don't understand. And I, I want to be charitable to Tom Tillis, who is obviously very liberal, and there are things about him I don't like, but I, I wanna be fair. But I, I don't understand how he couldn't know that. I, I I, it was an, it was an insight into the mind of people that are trapped in that understanding. And my, you know, like I, the other thing they all said to me is, oh, you must like people that hit cops because you defended people that hit cops. Who said that? Well, everybody, the New York, the Washington Post, all these people, because your lawyers are supposed to defend, you know, we defend the sort of worst of the worst. Always.


That's the system. People who've Been charged with crimes. Right. Exactly. Isn't that the Way it works? Isn't that the way it works? But I said, I, so I say, look, nobody's for hitting cops. Right? Nobody's for written cops. Well, I, my office, my predecessor did not charge cops, did not charge assaults on police officers. 'cause they're only misdemeanors in the stupid DC laws. And I said, new law, new rule. Touch a cop getting charged with a, a assault. Right? So stipulate we're all against hitting cops after that. What happened on January 6th? Forget about even the day of it. Watch what happens. Liz Cheney and Benny Thompson run a $50 million, you know, misinformation campaign to tell the world this is what was going on.


And, and that's what Tom Tillis is believing, I guess. And meanwhile the rest of us. But that's like M-S-N-B-C level lying. It's like transparent. Well, it was an armed insurrection. Police officers were killed. N none of that is true. Yeah. Right. And I, again, look, I'm we're, I'm past it now except to say this, the weaponization of government against the people is what we see over and over and over again. And when the leaders either acquiesce to it or fall for the hoax of it, we see it over and over and over again. Whether you pick A-F-I-S-A court, you know, the, we just watched this over and over and you don't have time to say, was your, was your heart in it?


Was your in? Are you lying? It's just you're willing to buy into that worldview. It's destroying the country. Can I Ask you one, I couldn't agree more. Can I ask one last question? Did any member of the US Senate or member of Congress suggest like how many federal agents were in the crowd that day? They, none of 'em seem interested in that. Yeah. That Seems like a baseline question. Did any members of the Senate, I mean, in my, in my, probably not in the conversations I had, but I but that you do bring us to a, does anyone care? Well, you, you bring us to a point where, as I started this out is we are in a fight for about information. Right. And we're told get over it and move on.


It's like the 2020 election. Yeah. That people say to me, they say, I was a stop the steal organizer. Well, I ran the election board in St. Louis back in St. Louis. You know, I ran the election board, I know how elections work, the 2020 election. There were lots of things that were really off base. That's why I've always said it. I maintained today. Doesn't mean I haven't proved that, that that doesn't mean that I've proven the election was stolen. No, but I know there was things that were off, well, we weren't allowed to say that. Remember, you're not even allowed to say that out loud and you go forward. And so they say, oh, you were stop to steal. So I said, wait, isn't that the system we're supposed to have like to, and we, we keep seeing information government weaponized to stop information flow. And most of us move on. Right? You move on to the next thing because the way the world is moving, and one of the things this effort to do to focus on weaponization is, is to get the truth out.


So to your point, we still don't know the answer to that. We do not know how many ages, how can we not know? I mean, I'm going to, I'm gonna get it out or I'm gonna die trying pipe bomber. I, as a prosecutor, I've got the pipe bomber case in my office. The, the FBI Bino said the FBI change all the agents, everybody look at it again. It's been going on for about five weeks. The, it's like keystone cops, you know, they didn't interview some of the people that were, that you would've said that might be a suspect that hadn't interviewed him. I mean, so the question becomes, what's happening here? Is it incompetence? It feels worse than incompetence. Right? And so that information It Does. It does. What do you think?


Well, I think, I think it's worse than incompetence. And, And I think, but I think the only way forward is to not describe what I think of the motives, but to expose over and over again what's happened. If you expose what's happened and the truth gets out, then accountability is possible. If you, you don't expose what's happened. The accountability looks like targeting, right? So you gotta do this one, one to get to this one. And the other side just does this. And then they count on the media to tell us it's okay, we have to do this and this. And that's my answer to some people that say, what's Dan doing bungee, you know, I talk to him every week or so. He's going, hammer and tongs at this stuff right here. You, you can't arrest everybody the first month, but you gotta get this going.


And it's a challenge. But I'm glad people are holding us, you know, pushing everybody. It's good. But it's, it's harder than it looks. It really is. I Believe that my informed, well-informed sense is that DOJ is a bigger mess even than some conspiracy minded people on the outside. Like me imagine. It's like, I think it's actually a mess. Is that, I would say that, look, I worked FBI specifically. Yeah. Look, I worked for the, the, the Catholic church, right? Yeah. I worked for the Catholic church. I've, I've, I'm pretty at attuned to bureaucracies, right? And I've seen this, seen the scope of them and, and see the institutional inertia, like the momentum that they get. And I think my office was this, my US attorney's office was about this big tucker. And it, it took me 120 days to get this much of my arms, ra you know, wrapped around my this much because this is how big it was.


You know, Cash's job is this big and do j's is this big and the presence is this big. Yeah. Yeah. So, Mike answer is, the scope is bigger and, and it is therefore much, much worse than people think. And I ever, I I just think it's a, it's a, and, and by the way, one of the reasons I say information is so key. You can't, we can't win the article three battle fast enough. We can fight it and we can eventually win lots of them. You can't win it fast enough to get the progress we need in, in terms of our, so you've gotta be doing the information fight. What's for people watching, what's the article three battle? Yeah. The Article three means like, the federal courts we're in federal courts. The president says you, you can't let people come into the country.


And then the courts say nationwide injunction. And you know, you're not allowed to do that. And you're, you're constantly in court. You know, the US attorney's office for DC has all of the cases of when they, when the government is sued, you know, the president sus they all come into our office on the civil side. And So you see all that stuff coming in. You know, in, in the, during the Biden administration, the conservatives were suing in Texas, it was friendlier judges. Now it's in dc So you're in the, in the courts fighting to get the truth out. Fighting to make these things prosecutions and all. But they take a longer time than just getting the word out. Right. Getting the information out. I I just, I feel like it's a different moment in history. And that's, that's how I was US attorney. That's why you saw people saw so much outfacing action.


'cause I wasn't just looking at courts. I was looking at making an argument for the public so they could see the policies.


America has thousands of colleges and universities and a lot of them unfortunately, are basically just scams. It's one of those things nobody really wants to talk about. But everybody on some level knows that it's true. What's an impressive college in 2025? There aren't many at all. Hillsdale is one of them. It is the exception. They cut straight through the woke garbage. They give their students a real education, an actual education. Meet a Hillsdale student and ask yourself, is this the best educated 22-year-old I've met in a long time? Yeah. 'cause they don't have propaganda in their education. Just the truth, facts, history, English, math. If you think it sounds good, 'cause it is good. Think of this. Hillsdale is offering over 40 free online courses you can enroll in today. There's no catch at all. You don't have to pay anything. Not gonna hit you up for anything. It's free. You can learn about the constitution, the bible, the basis of western civilization, Romes rise and fall. Early Christian Church, things that actually matter, not one dime free. They have a new class called Understanding Capitalism that teaches Americans basic economic ideas, describes our own system. A system that is falling apart a lot of people want you to hate, but for 250 years has been the best and most productive in the world. You'll understand the basis of our economy from founding till President Hillsdale not afraid to preach the message our country has forgotten, which is freedom is good, Christianity is good, markets are good, and they make this country better by raising well educated students. We endorse this as a college hater. I love Hillsdale. Go to Tucker for Hillsdale dot com to sign up for Understanding Capitalism today. The course Understanding Capitalism, zero Cost, just the Truth. That's Tucker for Hillsdale dot com to enroll for free


Don Jr. Here guys, are you receiving letters from the IRS claiming you owe back taxes As penalties and interest fees pile up, the IRS gives you no clear path to resolution. Don't speak to them on your own. They are not your friends. To reach a team of licensed tax professionals that can help you reduce, settle, and resolve your tax matters, go to tn usa.com and check 'em out. Solve your Tax problems today. Call 1 807 8 0 8 8 8 8 or visit tsa.com. That's 1 807 8 0 8 8 8 8.


Tucker says it best. Their credit card companies are ripping Americans off. And enough is enough. This is Senator Roger Marshall of Kansas. Our legislation, the Credit Card Competition Act would help in the grip Visa and MasterCard have on us. Every time you use your credit card, they charge you a hidden fee called a swipe fee. And they've been raising it without even telling you. This hurts consumers and every small business owner. In fact, American families are paying $1,100 in hidden swipe fees each year. The fees Visa and MasterCard charge Americans are the highest in the world, double candidates, and eight times more than Europe's. That's why I've taken action. But I need your help to help get this passed. I'm asking you to call your senator today and demand they pass the Credit Card Competition Act Paid for by the Merchants Payments Coalition, not authorized by any candidate or candidates committee, www.merchantspaymentscoalition.com.


Can you go back And I'm sorry we've gone farfield as usual with me. But, So you have to be, you're nominated by the president to be US attorney in DC It has to go through the Senate. You offend Chuck Schumer by asking inconvenient questions. He sends out the word, destroy this man. That process begins. And then in the end it was Tom Tillis because the Republican joking aside party does control the Senate supposedly. Right. Who killed it? How did, how do you account for that? This is like a central job for those who are not paying attention. This is like an if, if you're gonna drain the swamp, if you're gonna end the weapon weaponization of the legal system.


If you're gonna make good on all the promises the president made while campaigning, you need to fill this job, the capable person. And Tom Tillis winds up torpedoing you. Like, Well, I, you know, I worked for Phyllis Laffy. Yep. Right. And so when she wrote AdChoices not an echo in 1964 and all the way through her career, and then the last 10 years of her life when I worked with her, you, you just, you come to know about the party, right? The Republican party is probably more problematic in, in certain ways than the, a Democrat party is obvious opponents. Right. I agree with that. So when Phyllis writes about 1964, what they did to, you know, Goldwater at that fight, or she writes in, she wrote about 1980 when they, you know, forced HW Bush, Sean Reagan.


I mean, she, she wrote about, but she also wrote about, by the way, about the Bilderberg. She's the first one to use the word bilderberg about the, the globalists when they were meeting. But Phyllis would say, you know, and Todd, look, she backed Trump to, she backed Trump early. And it, it basically, well it, it caused a, a rift in her family. One of her children was a, a cruise person was against her. It caused a rift in her organization. And I remember asking her, I'm like, kind of, seriously, is this worth it? And she said, of course it's worth it. She said, you know, this is, and so that was on our side, that was on the sort of conservative side. So I'm not surprised by any of it. I I was on the RNC when they did the autopsy. Remember, you know, Romney does very well. Romney loses and they spend nine or $10 million and the same people got paid.


Go back and look who got paid $9 million for the autopsy on the Republican party. And it said, speak in Spanish and don't talk about social issues and we're just gonna win everything. And they, and they made the mistake. They asked me microphone in my first meeting of the RNC, what do you think of that? And I said, what do you think of your report? And I says, it's not my report. I didn't go, I didn't go for that. That's crazy. They went, we'll lose every election. So the Republican party has always been that way. It's just better than the other one. And, and the question is Right now, Well, it's better in some way. I mean, I've never, you know, I don't vote Democrats 'cause I'm pro-life, so I'm not gonna vote for pro-choice period. So That's right. And I think there are a lot of Republican voters who feel that way, right? So Democratic Party is off the table for me, but I'm not sure the Republican party's better because I think it's more deceptive.


The Democratic party's like, yeah, we're the trainee illegal alien party. Okay, that's who you are. I find that repugnant. But it, the Republican party tells you they're one thing, but they're actually another thing. That's what bothers Me. Well, no, I thought, yeah, well look, it's the same thing Phyllis talked about, you know, back in the day it was the establishment on the eastern establishment, eastern elites who were trying to control the party and did a lot. Look, Right now it's Trump's party. It's just that some of the elites don't wanna let go. Right, exactly. And so the question is, will they be able to hold on. And, and when you heard the president say, he didn't say Ed wouldn't get confirmed, he said, that's not worth the fight Right now. We got other things to do. And, you know, we knew, we knew we'd get somebody good in that spot, to your point. And we knew there's a place for me to play a role. So, you know, I I, but the Republican party is Trump's party.


It's just some people aren't ready for it. So It's really, it's not left versus right, moderate versus conservative, populist versus globalist. It's really reform versus corrupt. I mean, I think there's massive corruption in the US government, in our system. Yeah. More broadly, Trump was elected on the promise of cleaning it up, you or his instrument to do that. So I think it's fair to say people who oppose that are against reform. Well, I, if I can, I'd say two things about it. One thing I think, as we, you've talked about before in lots of issues, president Trump represents a different view of America. First is the way it's characterized, right? But this notion of, of believing in ourselves, our citizens more than other things, including wars and globalists and all that.


Yeah. Yeah. And I think that, I think that's a big pivot. And, and people feel that as voters obviously did. But I will agree with you on this. The corruption is not one party. I mean, trust me, I I'm the prosecutor for you. Oh, I know it's not one party. You know that, but I'm your viewers. It's not one party. When you see $6.7 billion transferred from the EPA to an organization set up a year before set up by the same leftists, left-leaning Democrat supporting folks that ran the housing tax credit boondoggle from the nineties. It's the same people, 6.7 billion. When you see that transfer of money, it's, this is, this is not one party that, that both parties are at the trough. And the question is, who gives us the best chance to try to take, to take this country back and to fight for it?


And it's, it's clearly been Trump, but it's a everyday battle. And and what are The Republican senators opposed your nomination? Well, It, it's funny, as soon as Tillis blocked it, then a guy like Senator Cornin said, I'm for him. You know? Did you really? Yeah. Yeah. We weren't sure until then. And then I think Collin said, I'm looking at it, I'm thinking about it. So I I I will say that all Like Collin says, she was thinking, well, I I, we know that's not true. Yeah. Well, I, Well actually, I, I had an issue up here. You know, the US attorney has so much interesting role for dc, the DCUS attorney, I went to the DEA And I said, Hey guys, what, what are we not doing? I, I would go all these law enforcement And I say, what, what is that? What is somebody not doing that I could do to help you guys? And the DA guy said, we got all these marijuana farms in main Chinese drug Cartels control in Maine.


Yeah. And so they said, we can't get under control and the US attorney up there won't do anything. And I said, I'll take it. I'll take the cases. I said, let's figure it out. So I wrote a letter to the main governor And I said, what are you doing about these pod farms that the Chinese are running? You know, we gotta take a look at this because, you know, it's impacting what's going on. And, and so we, nothing's progressed Yet. What did Governor Mills say? She had some milk toast response about something, but nothing No, We're looking into it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I mean, it, you know, when you look close, it's a disaster. And, and she and her administration is really not just looking the other way. They're allowing chaos in the, in this state. Well, Her brother is benefiting, right? Yeah. It's probably the most corrupt state outside of New Jersey out of 50. So, but were there any other senators who went on the record for President?


No, no. They were doing a dance look. I mean, yeah, McConnell is, in fact, McConnell's staff was talking to me about pitching him on, on the be they weren't a no, a hard no at the beginning. But at that level, in that process, they're all playing a game. Right. Until they have to look, Senator Hawley, I'm from Missouri. Senator Hawley said, if you get to the floor, you'll, you'll, you'll definitely get the votes. Yeah. They're afraid to vote against you. Right. And, but he said they're gonna be all kinds of machinations beforehand. So to your point, I don't know if Tillis was, Senator Tillis was taking one for the team, if he was, you know, killing me to help other people or what, but he was the obvious one that decided to, to the Extent, you know, what do you think the real issue was? Why wouldn't Republican senators form a, you know, a blue line in support of you?


Like what, what was it that made them, You know, I nine 11 you said, I mean, rather nine 11, January 6th. January 6th. I, I would say that a number of times it was clear that I was not gonna be sort of controllable. That I was gonna do exactly what I thought and what the president let me loose to do. And I think that that's for the, for the, you know, the sort of ruling class that's the wildest of wild cards. And so a A, a prosecutor who's Willing to do the Yeah. Not controlled by corrupt interest. Yeah. That's the scariest thing there is. Right. So, you know, yeah.


I, I but I, I don't really know. I mean, I, you know, I would've bet that I would've gotten through because President Trump wanted me. Yeah. So, you know, it's, it's hard to know. I thought some of the other guys that got confirmed had a lot more checkered pass. But I, you know, But it's not about that. Yeah, of course. It's, it's never the liars who get in trouble. It's the truth tellers who are the threat, Of course. Oh, maybe for sure. Okay. I dunno For sure. They don't care if you lie. They lie. They love lies. Their father is the father of lies. But You Are staying on in the administration. Yes. I mean, it's, I hate to say I got a promotion. I don't wanna be too pollyannaish, but I kind of got a promotion.


I mean Yes. A, a US attorney's office, to be clear, it's, it's the greatest prosecutor's office in, in the world really. It's got all of the city level crime. It's like a da it's a great DA office, and then a huge US attorney's office with cases all over the world and all sorts of complicated, interesting stuff. And a huge docket I can get to all U-S-A-I-D, all the U-S-A-I-D falls within us. So when you see the fraud that's going on in Europe, and, and, and, you know, this is all stuff that the US attorney and trust me, the US attorney's already looking at it, and you can look at this stuff and say, because of the jurisdiction. So, but it's a big office with a lot of bureaucracy. And so what I got, basically my new job is focused on weaponization. The docket is the whole world and the country to say, where have they done wrong and how do we go and, and get to the bottom of it.


And so I, look, I'm the president, it's a key moment. It's a key moment. And the president trusts me to, to do this. And so, and Pam Bondy has been great about directing us on this. So I, I'm excited to go over there and, and, and fight. It's amazing that someone in DC so anyone who lives in DC knows that the city is mismanaged by Muriel Bowser, the mayor. But it, it's also kind of falling apart that real estate market has collapsed 'cause of covid, but also 'cause of crime. Yep. And like they need law enforcement in DC and they don't really have it. And yet this one was so mad at you that she spit, spit on you. It just tells you the power of the propaganda. That's right. That Schumer unleashed. That's right. Well, and one, but I, I wanna brag for a minute.


We shifted a lot of our resources to fight crime. You know, you know this, but 720,000 people live in DC Yeah. 650,000 live in poverty in a tough setup. Right. For sure. And frankly, they've been getting, they've been getting stuck by both parties forever, right? Oh, of course. So you walk down the street in Anacostia and you're like, I went to do an interview in Anacostia and we pulled up and there's an ambulance and all. And I said, what is that? And I said, somebody was shot there, laying there, and we went in to do the interview. It was like, oh yeah. So he's not gonna die. He is gonna be fine. So I, what we did was we turned all of our resources on that side to getting rid of the guys with guns, the bad guys with guns. And we dragged 'em to federal court. Now that sounds like it's not that revolutionary, but you start to get in March, we got 18 in, in April 24, arrested, arrested with guns and off the streets for 700,000 people.


What they mostly need to know is somebody's trying to help them make it better. Right. And trying to make life better. And crime is down 25% and the the basics are going the right direction. So, but no, no, that's, that woman screeching at me and spitting on me was that's a fruit of the environment that says make anyone who's doing something important into someone toxic and will get people to be agitated and and worse. It works. It works. Oh, works completely. The only problem is our side. Meaning I think God-fearing Americans need to be understand. I just told you, we've gotta get the truth out. You can't sit back and say, we are. Right. That doesn't matter. No, I know. Your, your neighbor is still being inundated by the Washington Post. Right. They're still being told by the Washington Pro Post that somehow it's problematic that I was on rt, I did interviews on RT and that, oh, this is the end of the world.


Well, I mean, Swalwell kind of Did You went on rt? Yeah, I went on rt, I did interviews on rt. Did You have a, did you have sex with the Chinese Communist Spy? I was just Gonna say no, I did not. I mean, I wanted to make clear that good. Sorry, sorry to ask you personal questions. I wanna make clear that. So, but my point is that I Loved RTRT was a great channel. I didn't agree with everything, but I don't know what I've only been told going on rt. Or did you, were you the news director? You were just a guest. I've only been told what to say on one network. And that was the communist CNN They told me I had to, I I say that otherwise. So, but my point is to your, to your, to your, to your point, we can't rely on the, the truth. We're not, we are. Right. We have to though, and this is where I think there's responsibility in government.


We have to expose the truth. We have to expose it, and we ha if they're not shamed, at least Andrew Weissman can hear his name. Andrew Weissman is truly one of the more despicable figures in modern American life. Mary McCord, Georgetown University. Oh, I got in a fight with Georgetown. You know, Georgetown University's mad at me, Filthy, filthy organization. I Wrote Georgetown Law. And I said to the dean, we're not gonna hire your people either for jobs or internships. Good, good. Because you're doing DEI. After the president said, stop. Yes. He wrote back and lectured me on Jesuit ideals. Jesuit ideals and, and freedom. Now he went to Yale and Harvard. I don't think those are religious, but I went to, you know, holy Cross, slightly Jesuit the whole time. St. Louis u Jesuit, on and on and on. And he lectured me.


But here's what, here's what happened quickly. Was he A Jesuit? No. No, of course not. He said he's not even Catholic. Well, maybe he's Catholic, I don't know. But he's lecturing me. And, and Barr complaints are coming in from people saying, Georgetown is great. All I'm saying is this Tucker George. Sounds disgusting. Well, sorry. But more importantly, you talk about weaponizing government, you got this Rosa Brooks, Mary McCord, these are the people coming out of Obamaland and they're taking the transition integrity project. Remember this, the transition integrity prog pro. And they're saying, how would we do an American color revolution? Right. How would we do that? And they're laying it out. Remember game planning, they were doing this tabletop and they're looking at and and participating are all kinds of Americans with security clearances and, you know, military background.


And it's terrifying. And we're supposed to sit here and say, oh, isn't this great? You guys do all of that? And we say nothing. And meanwhile you get hundreds of millions of dollars in American tax dollars to do it to us. So I asked them a question, they got upset. But the point here Is, and Rosa, I know Rosa Brooks well, she did that out of Georgetown. Of course. That's what I'm saying. Is an institute still, she's still Doing it. So Georgetown is, I mean it's had really unhealthy relationships with the US government for many, many decades. I mean, the ccia, a small arms training facility was on their campus. I know that for a fact because I know someone train there like they have been, Georgetown is one of those things. It's not a private institution. It's an arm of the deepest of the deep state.


And like they're scary and they're supported by US tax dollars. Like it's not only, it's not a college. Like you want your kid to go to Georgetown. Oh, it goes to Georgetown. Go ho. It's way more than that. People just have no idea. Well, and my point to you is, I I agree. And we have to name it. Yes. It's not enough to us to know. We have to say Mary McCord and Rosa Brooks at Georgetown Law. Oh, I Know. What they're doing is destructive to the country and people should know it. They're planning insurrection actually. They speak of it using, I know. Using US tax dollars and all these, you know, nice sort of, well-meaning Irish Catholic alums around the country who like don't agree with anything. The Rosa Brooks says are sending them money.


Right. And saying them, their kids there because the veneer, the skin suit still lives. Right. Georgetown Pap Buchanan went to Georgetown. Okay. Yeah. It's the fakest place in the United States. Way worse than Harvard actually, I think. Right? Sorry. But fake would be bad enough. Yeah. It's Destructive. It's sinister. Oh, I agree. It's destructive. And, and, and again, until you, until we have the, until, if you think it's a debate, if we, if it's a debating moment, then you're in a one spot. If you think it's a battle for the future of the country and the world Oh yeah. Then you're in a different moment. And that, and that's how I look at what we're, what we're seeing going on. And that's why I think some people probably realized he knows how this goes a little more. And, and, and so they didn't want me in that spot, but I got another spot.


So it'll be, it'll work out. It's just so revealing. I'll just say it one last time 'cause I can't control myself that you were torpedoed by supposedly conservative Republicans. I give a speech on Tom Tillis's behalf when he ran for the first time for Senate. And I sort of think that like, you're getting one thing, but almost a hundred percent of the time the person winds up to be John Cornyn or you know, like a super aggressive liberal posing as a conservative Republican. It's so weird. Do you understand the mindset there? No, I I, you know, my, my wife who's like you smarter than me. And so she said the, the other day, why can't we go back to term limits? You know, I mean it's this instinct of kind of Yeah. There's something, there's something about when they're in, in for a while, they seem to have figured out for, they think they figured out what's better for everyone.


I, I, I don't really know. Look, I, one of the problems I hate is I know you do is tell, just tell me the truth to my face if this is what you're doing. A hundred. Well that's why I respect about Tillis. At least he lectured you in private. He did. That's right. He did. And I, I like that. And he unloaded on me in private. Well, good. I mean, good. I mean, yeah, I disagree. I think a lot of things I've already expressed them, but I admire that. Yeah. So, but I don't know what gets the, the sy Well I do know the system is so powerful and so Yes, so alluring and seductive that after a while, you know, you, I think it's inevitable that even good people are, are tempted to a worldview that's not as good. Even, even if they're not tempted to pure straight on corruption. I agree. So it it, it is a problem.


There's just so much money. That's Right. That's it. It's not power. Right. It's money. It's all money. It's, it's money. It's exactly right. So just quickly, I mean, I'm interested as a former resident, longtime resident about the city of Washington over which you would've had jurisdiction Yep. As a chief law enforcement officer. 'cause it's not a state, but it's a federal zone. It's super complicated set up in dc But what were you starting to do to make the city safer and more orderly and what needs to be done? Well, It is really important. And I hope, And I I, I was actually, nobody Cares. 'cause it's a majority black city by the way. So like all the liberals are like, oh, I love black people. They just Don't care. Yeah. They don't seem to I agree with you.


They don't. They, they, all right. So there's a couple things. One is, And I was just telling Judge Janine Pirro, she's really, yeah, yeah. She's really kind of, I Should have said the headline, which is Yeah, she's kind of into it. She's kind of, she's really into it. And she's asking me all these questions and I'm thinking, ah, she's was a, She's the nominee now. Yeah. She's gonna be, well she's gonna come in and serve like I did. She's gonna serve right away. So she's not waiting. And, and that's very cool. But I, I'm a fan of that because why have this, you know, inter, so DC is awesome. I mean, it's an awesome place as you know, history on every corner, you know the background of everybody. I did these ride-alongs with detectives And I so go every corner of the place and you see all these different things and, and, and the people, people are people, right. Of course. They want what they want more for their kids and more for themselves.


And I lived, I'm from St. Louis and in St. Louis always lived in the city itself. And it feels the same way. Couple things. One is the violent crime, right? The, the, the guns are, because Virginia's hard on guns and Maryland and, and, and DC are soft, then you can get away with having guns. Everybody Misuse of guns. Misuse of guns, right. So all sorts of people with all sorts of guns. Wait, can I Ask though, just so DC and Maryland have a lot of gun control. Correct. But when criminals use guns, they, they're more tolerant. Of course, Virginia has less gun control. Right. But is tougher on the illegal, what is that? Well, I mean that's the, that's, that's, that's the whole thing, right? That's the, that's the game. You can't, you can barely get your concealed carry in DC It, it takes months and months and months.


And I got, got one. I know. It takes forever though. You probably, I, I brought somebody in the other day. I said, tell me how the concealed carry process is going. They said it takes six months to get an appointment to even get your stuff. So This, I can get you one immediately. Can I say one thing about dc which is why it's a great seal. You, when you live in DC it was there most of my life you're mad 'cause it's so inefficient. It's totally third world in the way it's run. And then you finally realize like, wait a second, if I just play along Greece, Palmer two, all the right people show respect. Yeah. You know, Mr. And Mrs. Always stuff like that. Like life is easy in DC Yeah. Well it's like living not for normal, not for regular People, but like for, for people. No, it's not even about, it's like, you know, like why would I, my kids don't have driver's licenses, so I could go through the whole rigmarole or I could just pay someone 400 bucks to get 'em a driver's license and you boom.


Get Driver's license. All right, well that's good. I, okay. I I don't know what to say to that except it's so corrupt. Lemme go back, lemme go back to what they need. They need, they need, they need to stay focused on the violence, right? Yeah. So the violence has guns and, and you know, look, I Cash has given us support to try to do some cold case stuff. Yeah. The FBI has has the ability to do more DNA testing to try to get, you know, a lot of cold case stuff is d is DNA. And if you can go back and look at stuff rapes especially, and you can do so, there's lots you can do. So There's a DNC employee shot to death in 2016 in, in Washington, but not robbed. And we're not like allowed to talk about or even mention his name. So I won't mention his name, but people I know who worked at the DNC one person at the time believed that he, there was a political killing, that he was murdered for political reasons.


Will that case be looked at, do you think? Well, I, I got briefed on it. It's now a, a while ago time-wise, but there's not a statute of limitations on it. But it's cold. To your point. It's a cold case. There's not, there's not, you think There's any evidence that that was an assassination, not a robbery? Well there's evidence that there was a killing in such a way that Yeah, I mean that you could say you can't know sort of why the killing happened. Right. So it was weird. Right. It was weird. Yeah. Yeah. So That guy was killed and in DC but MPD was taken off the case and the FBI took over. Right. Why? I don't know the answer. It's a good question. Kind Of weird though, right? Like, How many days do I have left on the job? I'll go find out. I'll see if I can Find out. So very sorry, sorry, Sorry. It's okay. Things I should have asked.


Yeah, but the by the one I wanna tell you about, this is important 'cause it's, it's, you're gonna see it nationwide this summer. And that's the problem with juveniles in all these cities where you have Democrats and liberals in charge, they're soft on juveniles. So the juveniles get away with crimes and tougher and tougher, harder and harder crimes. Carjackings. Yeah, Carjackings, you know, and worse. And so if that's the system, it's happened over and over now, and the, and of course the community that they are in has a lot of, you know, the schools are bad. They're not a lot of role models, right. Life is not in a good spot. And you, you churn this, you've got this situation. I said to someone, there was a incident down at the navy pier, a navy yard where someone was, a bunch of kids, juveniles come in these gangs and they, and they steal wallets and they get around people.


And I said it to a friend of mine, he said, oh yeah, the Navy Pier is like that. And I said, whatcha talking about, it's the Navy yard. He said The same thing happens in Chicago. In other words, every urban city has this problem of juveniles. And the reason why is because we continue to send them back and to keep them in this system that's just so broken. No, but You can't shoot 'em when they come up to you and do this to you. No, No, of course. That's right. Exactly. No, it's, it's a disaster. You can't defend yourself. Right. It's a disaster. But I think one of the things that, that, that juvenile question is one that DC has to face because it's really, and the older kids, if, if it were, if they were girls, they'd be calling it trafficking. Yes. Because the older boys are trafficking the younger boys. 'cause they know they won't get into trouble the same way because they're underage. So it, that part of it is a disaster. And that falls right on the DC city council and the mayor and, and the current administration there that hasn't, hasn't taken it seriously.


'cause you just need to lock 'em up and you get, and you need to get 'em out of dc put 'em in some place. You could pay to put 'em in another, you know, reform school or whatever to get 'em outta town. Instead they let 'em, they let him loose. They, they, they, they don't Determine Thomas could fix that. Yep. In a day. They could if they, 'cause they have constitutional authority over the district If they wanted to. And Newt for whatever you think in new Cambridge, when he took over in 94, he took over DC and, and made it a much better city and created this massive renaissance. Right. That's Right. Why, why do you, why do you think they don't think I look, I mean that it, you're asking too many questions about the Republican party. I mean, you're right. And the president I think is frustrated by the dynamic. I think he wishes that there was more action in terms of taking it over. But that's not been a priority. I dunno. Yeah, no, I get, I mean, I think it's fair.


I mean, there are a lot of things going on. Yeah. I wish they would do that.


You probably heard about eight sleep. Lots of people are talking about it. It is a company with one mission improving your sleep. And it's changing the way people do that, the way they get a good night's rest. We just got word that their team is launching a new product. It's called the Pod five. It's an original and innovative mattress cover, plus a blanket that uses precision temperature control to regulate your body's sleep cycles and give you the perfect sleep, which really, really matters. It can range all the way from 55 degrees to 110 degrees, meaning that you're covered no matter what, it's like electric blanket to the next level, but also a cooling blanket. So it makes you sleep better. Temperature has a massive effect on the way you sleep, by the way. It also detects snoring and then it adjusts your bed position to reduce or completely stop it. So there are a lot of ladies in America who are gonna be grateful for this product. Everybody who works here will tell you 'cause they all use it, that there's no better way to be alert, productive, and happy than by sleeping well. And eight sleep really does help. Visit eight sleep.com/tucker. Use the code tucker to get 350 bucks off your Pod five Ultra. If you don't like it, you return it within a month. That won't happen. We think you'll love it. But you can, if you want. Eight sleep.com/tucker.


Can I just press you a little bit on the question I asked before? 'cause I think it's interesting why, so people are for gun control tell us that guns are dangerous and bad. Okay. And I, I disagree. I think guns are a tool. They can be misused whatever, like a chainsaw or a steak knife. But there's those exact same people don't seem as concerned when guns are used in crimes. They're only concerned when guns are like under your bed or in your gun safe. They're concerned when abiding people have guns. Not when criminals have guns. What is that? Well, I mean, part of me wants to engage in some philosophical argument with you about what they think.


But I mostly think it's what you said earlier. They don't, so this is a don't really, they don't, yeah. They don't really care about these people. I mean, I'm the Republican. I'm the conservative. I'm supposed to not care. They say, you're, you don't care about these people. When I get in this job, I look at it and say, poor people, mostly black and brown are living through hell. Yes. Because of the policies that you have, which is to let bad guys go with guns. You And I both would agree, if you're a bad, if you do something with a gun badly, you know, you're then you should be incarcerated definitely no problem. Because guns could kill you quickly because gun guns can. So I wish I could say it was a philosophical thing. It's that they really don't care about these people. They, they don't mind letting the people suffer and letting their communities, you know, get, get destroyed.


And the rest of it is just window dressing. I I, there's no other trying to read people's minds. I it doesn't work. DC is the only significant city that Republicans could really run through the Congress and through Correct. The US attorney's job. So I, I feel like the only shot the city has at reform and in the last 50 years since it's had a home rule, the only time it's gotten better is when Republicans take control. And so I'd just like you to fill out a little bit like what, now you're leaving, but what do you think should happen from the US attorney's office in dc? In DC Yeah. Well, we started on guns. Yeah. And then we're gonna switch. We're gonna switch. Keeps moving towards other violent crime. Now the key pivot in this, again, it's down the weeds a little bit, is to take these gun crimes and then down to rape and assault and go down even to property crimes.


Yes. 'cause you can't have CVS have everything behind lock and key. Right. But the, the two things that we're doing is dragging these cases to federal court because the local court is so bad. The juries are bad, the judges are bad, the system is bad. So you get 'em to federal court, you got a better chance to have real penalties and a bit more stability. But the problem really is gonna be whether you can have the will of the judges to hold these people to the laws. Right. And, and to put them away. But that you move along that continuum every single day on, in terms of addressing crime. The last thing I'd say is that a lot of talk about money, you know, the mayor wants to do a, a build a stadium and all these things, but they need more cops and cops cost money. But cops also require that you be on their side. Right. You remember when we were kids, being an FBI agent was a big deal.


Being a cop was a big deal. Oh, for sure. And now young people don't feel drawn to those jobs. Right. So it is hard to get cops. MPD is down probably, I think they, their ideal is 3,800 cops there at about 3,300. You can say you're gonna get all these crimes. You still gotta go get cops. And you gotta find a way to get people into the system that can be on the streets and doing it. So if you give me my wishlist for DC to make it better in the next two or three years, it's continue to actually take real crimes and put 'em in federal court and then bolster the number of cops. And you could bolster the number of cops as US attorney just by having their back. Right. There's something called the Lewis List, which is what happens if you go to court and you're a cop and somebody claims you lied.


They can put you on what's called a Lewis list, which is a requirement that the prosecutors tell a defendant that this guy testifying has had a problem in the past of credibility, but it's abused by the, the judges and the, and the, and the public defenders to hurt the cops. Well, I, I said we're gonna stick up for the cops and we're gonna try to change that. So you gotta stick up for the cops in lots of concrete ways that make the system work. But, but you've mostly just gotta get after the crime. Every in systematically. Not hard. You know, Rudy and these famous prosecutors, they, they did one thing. Well, they consistently prosecuted crime. They didn't come up with social plans. They didn't come just right. Get a crime, put 'em in jail, get a crime, put him in Jail, twist in certain punishment.


You know, Metro just changed their rules in the ci in the district, the metro, you know, both the buses and the, and the metro, the trains that you can get banned from the trains. 'cause once you get banned from the trains or banned from Metro, I can then arrest you for a different charge. It could be a felony for coming back in on a ban between before, between that, before that you could go every day. You could do three felonies, three misdemeanors a day. You could expose yourself in the morning, jump a fair thing in the afternoon and, and you know, whatever. And so Metro got serious and they were changing the dynamic that's just plain getting the crimes down and focused on it. And, but you gotta wanna do it. You gotta wanna do it every day. Well, you have to care. Care. Well, that's the word. The same thing. Yeah.


So what, what other cold cases are you looking at? Well, the big one that I was interested in is the, is the, the number of times that you can take DNA that was left behind. Those are a lot of sexual assault, rape and sex sexual assault. So those are the most obvious ones. There's some DNA cases on guns. If you, if a, if a, a weapon on a crime has some DNA on it, as the technology's got more sophisticated, but you can instantly go and, and, and, and using the databases now and technology get a check on DNA from a lot of why Has no one done that? Well, They are, it's just a, it's a process. It takes a lot of, it takes a lot of time. I mean, one of the things you're doing is not everybody's in the database, so you're trying to track back through. But we are doing it. I mean, that's one of, a Lot of people are in the database.


A lot of people are in the database, but not, not everybody. I mean, and, and so one of the, well, and, and so the f FBI's been good about, I don't know why they were doing it, weren't doing it before, but the f FBI's been great about letting us do it. And so we're, you know, we're tracking that down. Can I ask you a question? Did members of Congress, and it wasn't just Tom Tillis, I don't mean to keep beating up on poor Tom Tillis an idiot anyway, but, but like all members of Congress on both sides, where they're very threatened by J six, that's one of the reasons, you know, it was their building not to people's house that belonged to them. Right. And they felt like their space was invaded. They felt their security was jeopardized. I get it. But aren't they concerned that there are like murders taking place within walking distance of their office?


I mean, do they care about crime in DC did even mention that? Well, Again, you know, Tucker, and look, I think President Trump is like this how he approaches everything. And I mean, that's how I wanted to serve. And I do, we did exactly what you're saying. We said to everybody on the hill, come to a briefing on, on safety. We wanna keep you safe. 'cause the, the, the staffers care, right. The staffers are getting, of course they do getting assaulted and all. And so, and they're, and people Yeah. And people, people came to that. And people want to hear how we're gonna do that, how we can prosecute how, because law enforcement, again, is partly prosecuting, but it's a lot of showing up and showing force so people know you're safer and Yeah. I mean, look, I I, I think they care. The question is whether it leads to policy, you know, and again, my, my job as a prosecutor in that office is to get after the crimes as I've got 'em.


And if they're not gonna adjust their policies, I, I can't worry about that on the days, you know, day to day of getting after crime. But I'll tell you what, when I go to, you know, Anacostia or I go to these neighborhoods, they care and they, and they know the US attorney is, is paying attention to that. And that's probably more important than the folks up on the hill. I, I, I think, I think it is. Tell us what you did with Wikipedia and why. Well, you know, the, one of the aspects of, you know, weaponization is what we're talking, what I've been talking about with the new, the, the new role I've been in this weaponization working group is when you Weaponization of the legal system. Yeah. Weaponization of the legal system, but really the weaponization weaponization of the law, the use of the law to, to hide and, and operate.


So Wikipedia has this in Incredi five one C3 Right. Gets a tax benefit from we the people. It's a public benefit corporation. You know, the 1950s, they looked at this closely because the Rockefeller Foundation, the Carnegie Foundation had been using their foundations and abusing it. And that's when the law first changed to have 5 0 1 C3 become a tax code. It was part of the Yeah, the shift, right? So the, the a Cox report or the Reese committee or whatever it was. But, so we have this problem where these, these Wikipedia has all this money that they use because they're a 5 0 1 C3 a, a nonprofit that's supposed to be for the public benefit. Do They, what? How much, how much do they pay a year in taxes? I don't even know. No, I I don't know the numbers. This is No, they pay no taxes. They, I'm not sure if they pay zero, but they probably say they pay payroll and other things.


They have an answer to that. But they, they would be tax exempt under the, under the code. Yeah. But more importantly, they're obviously biased. They're obviously fo and their anti-Semitic is the big one. But they're obviously biased in all sorts of other ways. In fact, as soon as I started taking 'em on my Wikipedia page went even worse to hell. You know, in terms of people coming on and editing it, supposedly citizen editors. So there's, there's bias, again, information war, right? There's bias here that is against we, the people in my opinion, but certainly it's bias that's hidden from us because they're hiding behind the law. In other words, they're using the law in a way that is weaponized against certain groups and individuals. And so that's what we basically said to, to Wikipedia, is, Hey, let's look closely at what you're doing and how it's operating and see who's benefiting or not benefiting and paying a price.


And by the way, as soon as this happens, they get panicked because they know, we know. There's another reason, I wrote to a number of the medical journals And I said, you guys are all 5 0 1 C3, you get big benefits from tax exempt status. How are you balancing, you know, the partisan nature of the work you're doing? How are you abiding by the laws that say that you're not supposed to be picking sides or paid for by one donor or the other? And that they lose their mind because no one's supposed to ask, you know, you're not supposed to ask, like, it's like U-S-A-I-D, we weren't supposed to ask until this last six months. Why are we spending $400 million in wherever, right? Why is this we you're not allowed to ask. So that's a part of this weaponization thing that I think is underrated.


And with Wikipedia got a huge reaction. Wikipedia Is, is history now. I mean, it's how people understand the past. That's right. It's in league with Google. So it's the, it's the first result on everything. Every now and you pun punch in, gets Wikipedia first. So people like don't understand anything that's happened in the world prior to last week, except through Wikipedia. So if it's totally distorted, then you changed the collective memory We're I know, but we're back. Right? Again, we started, we're back to the information war, right? Yes. It's a war over information. And if nobody, you tell me who, who, well, lemme say it this way. A prosecutor saying that about Wikipedia is vastly different than Tucker Carlson saying it. Well, I agree with that. Right. And so, and that's the point of the job.


I Wish I was a prosecutor. Well, right, exactly. And that, and that. And that's, and that's why Donald Trump in, in my estimation, said to guys like me, go and do this. Because that's the role is not just to find the right guy to prosecute. We gotta do that too. If it, if it rises to that, it's to make clear how off kilter the information battle is. Because the public doesn't know that. Right. They don't have that sense of what's going on. So One, I mean, Wikipedia is a propaganda operation. And one of its founders told me that the CIA or the American Intel community is heavily involved in shaping the message on Wikipedia. Did you come across evidence of that? Not yet. But that just started that, that, that, and that sort of opening salvo was about three weeks ago.


So Judge Janine, I'll have that one on her plate, but you know where I'm going. The job I'm going to, I, I don't have to leave any of that stuff behind. So I can tell you, I I thought you were gonna go a different direction and I'll, I'll, I'll say on the Weaponization working group, as it's described by Attorney General Bondy and the president's direction, intelligence community is one of the groups that was weaponized against the people. Obviously, it's obvious. The question is, how are we gonna get to the bottom of it, right? How are we gonna get to the bottom of some of the weaponization of the government intelligence community against the citizens? And that's what I, that's where I'm going now. That's, but We can't tell you it's classified. Well, I think it tell me, I'm, I'm, I'm now in, I'm now in the, I'm now in the system. Well, we'll see if I can get, you know, but again, the point of getting, see if You can get what Well, The point of getting into these positions as a prosecutor is I'm now getting the, the, the clearances to be able to get to the, to the, to the level where you can look at.


So I know that still try not to tell you, but that's the point of, of this fight, is you cannot win the information battle based on what they let you see. It's what you have to find. Even in our government. Especially in our government. Well, And I, And I have to say, the classification regimen does not seem primarily focused on protecting national security at all. Right? Right. Exactly. Back to weaponization, the 51 guys that signed the letter on the Hunter Biden laptop. Yeah. It, It, you'd have to be a, a fool to think that's an isolated incident. In other words, if they're willing to misuse and mischaracterize a letter based on their, you know, their status and the advantage that they have as insiders, that's not the only time they did it.


No, exactly. Right. And so the question is, how endemic is the weaponization? Right? And we, we both know the answer. This is back to your point, it's much, much worse than we think. The question is how do we continually go about getting to the bottom of it? I'll, I'll, I'll probably get myself in trouble. You in intro, who knows. One of the ways I ran elections, one of the places I think that is really problematic that nobody has looked at is the certification of the systems. Right. The certification of election systems for the record, not saying there's any fraud, but how do you certify? Of course there's fraud. Well, I know, but the election, look At what's at stake. Exactly. Well, no, no, but even better. Look at how much money it is. That's what we're saying. Right. For Well, okay. But even, even just the Election Assistance Commission is the entity that certifies machines.


Okay? It has no real teeth, but it controls who's certified or not, which means it controls who has the good housekeeping stamp of approval worth hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars. What are the chances that that has been done? Everything else we've seen in, in government is broken, corrupt, messy, incompetent, or something. Right. What are the chances? That's the one place where it's totally competent and totally without any flaws. I'm just saying, let's go look right, and, and, and, and that's what we've gotta do to get to the bottom of this. In the same way that the gun control people are fine with gang bangers having guns. Right. The democracy is sacred. People are very upset when you wanna make sure that elections have integrity.


That's weird. Well, I love when you do this Tucker move. It's weird. It's weird. Only if you impute good intentions for these people. Right? I mean, that's so true. I mean, that that's, it is weird then. I mean, you're right. It's, it's totally predictable. I mean, of course it's, and all around the world, by the way, they're watching this happen, you know, Poland, Right now, they're in the midst of, they're, they're trying to take Poland out. Obama is in Poland. There's an election in a week. Of course Obama's in Poland. I had a whistleblower. Well, why do you think that is? I know I had a whistle With great Sikorsky and Applebaum's husband. They, They, I had a whistleblower come into my office and they were telling me the story that every couple of months, Samantha Powers would arrive with U-S-A-I-D money to this, this country. I won't say which one. And I, And I said, you guys know who Samantha Powers is.


Of course we do. She was arriving with the money, and she was, and they knew it was a, you know, sort of the beginnings of a, of a, you know, color revolution. It's not lost on the world. Right. Right. It's not at all lost the que again, the question is, are we going to get all of it out? Are we gonna name it and then hold some people accountable? People say, are you gonna walk people out in cuffs Right now? I I, I'd be happy to have just people know their names. Right. I, I like the cuffs later. Right. If they committ a crime. But Right now, if people don't even know their names, and the question is whether we can even get through the information storm that we're in to get that out. Well, I mean, the early returns are not good. I mean, John F. Kennedy was murdered 62 years ago, and we, and the executive order from the president was January 23rd, two days after his inauguration.


And we still do not have thousands of Kennedy assassination related documents. No one wants to say that I voted for Trump. I love Trump, but like, what the hell is that? Well, that's not on my docket, though. I got it. No, I know, but it's like, I know, it's, I know What you mean. The classification laws make it, well, don't make it by the way. I mean, you could just rule by fiat, which I think someone needs to do immediately. But like, just classify, you know, release the documents, you're gonna prison. How's that? But you can't even get 62-year-old documents released months after a presidential executive order. Like, that's how hard it is to fight these classification rules.


Well, and, and back to, say it again. That's the big one. You can see how many are you not seeing? That's it. Right? That's exactly right. That's right. I, I'm, I'm, that's what I'm, that's what I'm saying. This is not, this is still David versus Goliath. This Is not, and that's the lowest stakes of all. 'cause no one connected is still alive. Right, right. Yeah. It's not, it's not, it's not Crossfire hurricane, which, you Know, no, it's not nine 11. Right. It's not the 2020 election. It's not covid, It's Covid. Right. I was just gonna say. Right. So I mean, how many people in your experience so far at DOJ have your mindset? Well, most of the ones I work with, I, I, I come out of the, I mostly work with dag off dags office. You know, that's Blanche and Amal Bove and some of those guys, they, those guys when when they turn the lights on, on, on, on the inauguration day, there was only a handful of us there.


And those folks are, are in the mindset. We're talking about what Career DOJ people think of you. Oh, no, No. They're, they're, they're mostly scared. I mean, they're mostly scared and nervous. And if they're, if they're, if they're left-leaning or, or establishment and, and don't want a part of it, that, that's one thing. But most of 'em are just, you know, they've seen this go on too on Right. Our side doesn't win ever. So you're not gonna have people betting with the side that never wins. Right. They're Not like, they're not like, Oh, My career will be better if I go with those guys this time. They're like, I did that for a minute back in, you know, 1985 and it didn't work out well. Right. So, no, that's, that's the, that's the problem with that. No, that's so true. It's so true. How corrupt is Merrick Garland, do you think? Oh, I, I mean, only thing that makes me think he wasn't worse than you could even imagine is he has a bit of a Biden, Joe Biden kind of mentality.


There was everything going around him, and he wasn't checked in. It seems like to me, you know, I'm not saying he was mentally off. I'm saying he was, he was a caretaker, and Lisa Monaco and others were running everything. So, and when, you know, he was more, maybe, maybe I'm being too generous. He may have been more clueless than, than willful. I'm, I'm not surprised. Yeah. But like, like Mueller was that way too, I think. Oh, A hundred percent guaranteed. Yeah. And when history is written, you know, And I intend to write a whole bunch of it Tucker, so when it's written, you know, you watch this, it accelerated under Obama. Right. It used to be politicized, I think. And now it's weaponized. That's the pivot that went on. Right. It used to be politicized somebody's advantage or not. Bill Clinton, I think maybe I'm being too generous. He was sort of a politicizing things.


It's, it got weaponized where they're destroying people, putting people in jail. No question. Question about it. Right. Trying to kill them. Remember Obama joking about, I'm good at killing people. Right. There was a, there was a sense of sort of, of, of real disrespect for humanity that kicked in. Yes. And, and it, and it kicked in and drove through that. That's what Biden, the Biden term is something. We were b we barely escaped in my opinion, in terms of that, that idea and that destruction of citizens Against humanity. I completely agree. I completely What happened to Lisa Monaco? Well, I think she's at a big law firm. I think I probably, I think I, I wrote to her, I wrote to her letter and said, what's going on? We wanna check on things, you know? Yeah. She's at a big law firm. She's cycling out. It's all the same. You know, Andrew Weissman, Lisa Monaco, they, they all go.


Lisa Monaco went to NYU recently gave a speech, probably got paid for it, you know, you know, remember the Vin, mens Finman got a job, the one in Congress. He got a job at Georgetown for a hundred grand. He didn't teach, but he was some sort of fellow or something. Again, back to Georgetown. It's just a cycle there where they're all very well paid and they talk to each other, and then they get ready for the next, you know, effort. Norm Eisen or whoever tells 'em, this is the next way we're going. And So, you know, I think the, the good news is we do have on our side the truth, and we just gotta keep fighting for it. And I, you know, so


We're not positive if cryptocurrency is the future of finance, but we do know that what we have now is broken and dangerous. Debt has never been higher in this country. Many of our so-called leaders are getting rich, serving you. It's a scam. So where does it go? Well, thankfully there are options. Donald Trump has said repeatedly, he wants the United States to be the crypto capital of the world. He's already created the Crypto Advisory Council, and recently signed an executive order to establish a Bitcoin strategic reserve. This could give normal people an alternative to the government's failing system, and frankly, to the US dollar. I'm not saying put all your money outside the US dollar, but like, don't be crazy. Don't be stupid here. You can see where it's going. So the people at I iTrustCapital can help you get into this. It's complicated for people who aren't following it. They make it easy. They're based a hundred percent in the United States of America. We looked into this, they service only American investors. And they operate the only platform that allows you to buy and sell crypto 24 7, both inside and outside of your tax advantage. IRA. And it all happens on one easy to use dashboard. They'll also operate a closed loop system, meaning that bad actors can't access your account and steal your money. So if you're considering adding Bitcoin, if you want to, or some other cryptocurrency, your PO portfolio I trusts can be trusted. And it's easy to understand. I iTrustCapital dot com or click the link below.


So, what's on your doc? What's on your, everything On your slate Of priorities? Well, Attorney General Bond, when we started the group, she was, she gave us some real straight marching guard Jack Smith. Yep. What he did, which is unbelievable, unbelievable if you a, anyway, the Catholics that were targeted, remember of the Richmond memo very well. How, how did that happen? J six is another one. There's a, one of her charges on the working group was whistleblowers. The whistleblowers that were targeted. You know, you talk about weaponization Tucker, remember they, they, the guy that's in jail up in, I think, is it West Virginia? He, he supposedly a lone ranger. He stole all the tax returns and he leaked Trumps, remember he, he leaked Trumps, but nobody paid attention. He also leaked four or five or 600, or maybe a little more of the wealthiest people in America.


Mostly conservatives. You know, it's funny how that happened. And then a whole bunch of small businesses, mostly conservative. And I, I got a briefing on that And I said, this guy acted alone. He didn't tell anyone. And they're like, oh, yeah. He's like, Snowden. I'm like, is are you joking? Are you really telling me? He's like, somehow he's like the Snowden of IRS tax, you know of. And I said, 'cause this was weaponized, remember it was, it was ProPublica. Yeah. That first he went to New York Times, then he went to ProPublica, which was going hammer and tongs one after another against all these people. Again, weaponizing American law against citizens. So it's that, that's a bit of a digression, but to say the whistleblowers in the IRS and other places that came forward have been targeted under the Biden administration.


So that's another thing that Bondi asked us to do school boards all across the country when they targeted school board parents. That's another focus for us to look at. So, but we'll also be looking at, as I said, the intelligence community and broader. Right. We've got Crossfire. Hurricane is is still a big deal. Obviously getting to the bottom of that, they end up overlapping a lot, as you know. But there's a lot to do. A lot to do. When are we gonna see the Epstein stuff we were promised? That's another one. I'm not where I am Right now. I'm not involved. You're not diving right into Epstein. Well, no, I'm Happy to day one. I'm happy to, I'm happy to help. But in any way I can. I haven't been in on that doc.


I've not been on that matter. Now, do you think The Attorney General Barr promised an investigation in Epstein's death, in federal custody in Manhattan? We never got the results of that. Do you, is there some way for the public to petition? Like whatever happened to that? I don't think there's a way for the public to petition, but I think as you ask about it, people will respond. I, I guess I don't, I never saw that if there was a No, It was never, they never did the investigation. Oh, they Didn't even do It. I don't think they did. No. Oh, I, that's the first I've heard of it. I don't know. Again, I know that when I got into office, I wanted to talk about the pipe bomb. Yeah. And, and find out more about the pipe bomb. I also want somebody to, I I, I'm gonna get to the bottom of some of the January 6th. Remember the, the gallows that fake gallows very, were built, they're built by five guys who I, I'm, you can see 'em on video all over the place.


Iconic image used to destroy America around the world. That somehow this was a, a gallows with a, with a, a noose. Total fraud. Total fraud. What happened to those guys? Well, I dunno. We never found them. We never found 'em. We never Found those guys The age of facial recognition. We just can't find those guys. Can't Find those guys. Can't find those guys. The pipe bomb question is a really interesting one. And the only reason I think most of us know much about it is a guy called Darren Beatie, who now works at the State Department. Yep. Thank, thank God. But who reported on extensively on Revolver news. But that was so baffling and remains baffling because those bombs, whether they're real or not, were outside the two party headquarters on Capitol Hill, RNC and DNC. So you'd think like politicians would really wanna know why the conspicuous in curiosity about that.


I, I'm, I'm with Darren. I mean, I, I, before I was in office, I kept saying, how can this possibly be? If you go to any other part of the world and you say the two major political parties had bombs put by their front door, it'd be the, it'd be the story forever. Right. Sounds like, you know, just before World War II started, there were bombs placed somewhere. Right. I mean, in, in front of the parties. So I, I've never understood either. And the bombs were, you know, they were sort of rudimentary, but they clearly were, somebody knew what they were doing for the look, I mean, again, it's information. It was an information, whatever it is, it became an in a piece of information or a, a play or information that we haven't gotten to the bottom of. And, but everyone's Sort of like, yeah, whatever. The pipe bombs outside the party, it's, it, you know, whatever. We've got more important things to worry about really.


Yeah. Yeah. We'll get, we'll get there. Will we ever know what happened in the 2020 election? The numbers were weird. I thought, Well, not just the numbers. All, everything about of characteristics of, of all of the election, and then there was the admissions that the election was fortified. It was intentionally planned to do that in, in, in such a way to get results that looked off. Now does that mean they cheated? We don't have that smoking gun, but we certainly have over and over and over again aspects of things that didn't look right. And we've never had the answers on it. So yes, we will get to the bottom of it. Again, this is the point about the, about information.


You cannot move ahead if you don't actually know what happened. And clearly, clearly the mainstream media and the, the elites told us, you have to shut up. You're not allowed to talk about that. Right. It's, it's insane. Oh, I, I remember it. Yeah. I mean, we don't remember it. Well, I remember it well, and then January 6th was used, in my opinion, to, to try to shut off the conversation even more. Right. Oh, I know. And, and so, but I do think we'll get to the bottom of it. No, I played video that was from the US Senate given to me by the US government. And everyone at Fox News was mad at me for playing the video. Right, right. It's like, why, really? I thought we were a news company. No, I I remember that very, very well.


Do you think that we will see people held accountable Yes. For This? Okay. Yes, yes, yes. I mean, I, I wi I, I wish it was faster. I, I feel the same frustration. Right. Getting people arrested faster and prosecuted faster. You know, I wish it was fast. We're 120 days in, 115 days in. Yeah. And, and, and where I sit, I can tell you I was there pushing on key issues. I'm in the middle of a bunch of them. Judge De will keep 'em going. It, it's harder than you think to move fast enough. I agree with all that. But there will be accountability. There will be the truth will be known. People will be accountable. And as importantly, by the way, people that have been damaged will be healed. They will be given the, the either pardons like they've, the president's done for a lot of people or other things.


I think, you know, we have a, we have a set of people that are, that have been targeted by the government that deserve to be helped. And that's gonna be part of this guaranteed. Hmm. And By the way, that did make 'em mad. I will say this. People ask me in all my interviews that Senate, they said, are you for reparations? I said, well, hey, that's a stupid term, right. That was used about, but I am for when somebody gets wronged and destroyed by their government that they be taken care of, that they, they try to make them whole insofar as they can. That's only fair. By the way, that's not Straka and, and Paige getting a million dollar payout, which is what they got. By the way, that's another form of weaponization of government. When you have Biden administration and Straka and Paige transferring wealth to each other based on an agreement that's complete, completely, completely inappropriate.


On What basis do they get a million dollar settlement? They sued Because they were heard about how the, the, their, their texts were released to the public. And then the Biden administration said, my texts Were released to the public. Well, I don't gave me a million dollars. Well, I Maybe gimme, gimme a no, give us a call. But, but so, so getting to the bottom of that kind of stuff, that kind of conduct is another part of this thing. So it's, but it will, it almost feels like it can never end. 'cause it's So, you know, the weaponization a against the citizens began a long time ago, but we really started to see it under Biden. And they, they, they, they accelerated the conduct, as you can see it, you can see the memos, you know, Merrick Garland and all Target the Catholics. Right. And, and go after the school boards.


And, and, and Jack Smith, Jack Smith took, he used a grand jury in DC which is famously, you know, favorable Compliant. Yeah, yeah. Favorable to the Democrats to do all, almost all of his work. And then he flew down to Florida and basically transferred it down there. The, the for lawyers, this is like unheard of stuff. And everybody goes, oh yeah, you know, Leticia James and these the way the, the conduct happens. And people go, oh, yeah. You know, by the way, one, one thing too Tucker to, to preview the lawyers, the bar associations and the targeting of lawyers is another way that they've weaponized government against people. You know, they, they, you know, you can say what you want about Rudy or something.


We've never had the system weaponized against lawyers for doing their jobs. Right. It's never been like that. Again, it's, it's indication of something wrong with why are you so upset about the election five? But there's a reason. Exactly. Yeah. But also it's, it's also inappropriate. As a matter of pub public policy, those organizations are all 5 0 1 c threes. They're all protected by law. They're all basically monopolies. Right. So they're, so you're sitting here where you got the DC bar disciplinary counsel is basically doing Dick Durbin's bidding. Every time Dick Durbin says something, he opens a complaint against me. He'll do it against Judge Janine. And you're like, wait a second. This is not the system that we're supposed to have. So it's another one that's weapon govern the weaponization of the law against the citizens to the detriment of the country.


I've known a number of smart high testosterone reform, reform-minded people who come to DC to make things better, who get destroyed. Well, Right. You've been reading The Washington Post. I, you know, I haven't been, I haven't read it in years. Okay. But I've just seen this happen to a lot of people. So, I mean, just in the basis, which you said over the last hour, I think you're gonna be the target for, you know, a lot of efforts to destroy you. It's been, it's been going on though for a while. I mean, maybe, I mean, look, Phyllis Schlafly, for whom I worked, there's this famous exchange where she's given a speech and she says, Clarence Thomas said to her, how do you keep going Phyllis?


You know, she said, how do you keep, he said, and she said, there's a, there's a prayer. She says, you know, and she would always say, from the malignant enemy, defend me. It's one of the Catholic prayers. Yes. You know, and you know, I Look, we're so blessed, you know, this, you, you have the same attitude to be in this country, to have so many opportunities. And people deserve, our families deserve to have a future. And so this is the fight that we're in. And I, you know, I, they've, they've said terrible things for about a month. My wife doesn't watch tv, which is great. Doesn't read the papers, thank God. Yep. My kids do a little bit now, and they're not quite as convinced that Yep. I'm as, as good a guy as, as I told them I was before. But No, no, it's, it's a, it's a battle.


It's a, it's a fight for the future. And, and so some of us are gonna take a bit of a beating and we will keep going. You wonder where this is going. I mean, if Obama weaponized the government against people who didn't vote for him, and Joe Biden brought it to the next level and just threw hundreds in prison, what's the next Democratic administration gonna look like? Well, that's, that's fair. I, I thought you were gonna say something different. You know, the, the one thing I tell people all the time is one of the reasons you have to care, to deescalate the rhetoric is it it is leading. You can see it's leading to, I mean, people are spitting on me on the sidewalk. Right. This is not, this is not normal behavior. And Mr. May she knew who you were.


Well, I know. Which that tells you a lot. Well, that's a yes. That's, I mean, I knew you were, but I, 'cause I followed this stuff. Yeah. But like, But I, I think that the, it it's le it, it, it can lead to when, when the, when people start to lose power, you see the desperation. Right. You see the, and, and to me, that's what, that, that's the the one thing you start to notice. And so, yes, it could be really terrible on a Democrat administration. Imagine, you know, what it's like for, you know, president Rah Emanuel when he puts in, you know, attorney General, I don't know Adam Schiff and what the heck? That's like, it feels like we've gone to the bottom and maybe, you know, finish a thought that I had earlier that I didn't get to finish, which is it feels like a lot of people that were good people before, you know, a hundred years ago, again, back to the a hundred years ago, good people just had good morals, cared about each other, fight, fight, fight, but be honorable on the same side.


That doesn't seem as common Right now. Right. That there's some people that really are not good people that are just disagreeing. They're really not good people. And that's dangerous. Right. Re that feels, you can feel that sometimes. And I think that's a worry. But it's something that we have to live with and, and work through and pray about and try to build the community about to see. Ed Martin, I really appreciate all of this. Great to be with you today. Thank you very much. Yeah. Thank you. We wanna thank you for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day. We know the people who run it. Good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bell So you never miss an episode.


We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter. Telling the truth. Always, you'll not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell. We appreciate, thanks for watching.