
So I think for most Americans, news about South Africa ended in 1994, both literally we stopped getting a lot of news from the country, but also people's views about it stopped evolving. Then that was the year that that apartheid ended, I guess officially you had elections. Nelson Mandela is still a hero in the United States, often referred to by politicians, and it's, it's only been, I think, in American media in the past couple of months that stories have come out of South Africa, that have, a lot of Americans have read that actually the country seems to be falling apart and that the government is kind of genocidally racist.


Yeah. And, and then President Trump in the past month has basically said the same. The same thing. And it's shocking to a lot of people, I think, how bad it is and how, just how racist it is, you know, far more than apartheid ever was. And so I'm wondering, since you've just landed from South Africa, you lived there, what, describe the state of the country right now, if you would.


Yeah. Well, perhaps I can start with your reference about the nineties, because it's absolutely true. South Africa and, and America was very involved with this setting up of the political system Yes. That we have in South Africa during the nineties. And it was of course, the end of history era. Everyone is excited about the fall of the Berlin Wall, and the whole world's going to be liberal and democratic, including African countries. Yes. And Samuel Huntington actually cautioned against this in 1996 saying, you know, when he wrote the Clash of Civilizations. Yes. And he said, don't expect of African leaders and African liberation movements to suddenly become Western when you give them Western constitutions, because they're still African. So they will use, it's the Democratic paradox. They will use democratic institutions to promote non-democratic ends.


And that's what we see in, in South Africa. We have a parliament, we have a very liberal constitution. But if you read the Constitution and you compare that to reality in South Africa, it's two completely different worlds. The def facto and the de reality in South Africa is, is irreconcilable. And so what has been happening in South Africa is, firstly, there was this major excitement about the New South Africa, Nelson Mandela, the miracle story, you know, Oprah spoke about this. And Charlie Iran, of course, yes. Everyone. And, and, but the reality on ground level was in many ways the opposite. And I think a lot of, from, from The beginning, Gradually. So, so they started, for example, with these BEE as they call it, it's black economic empowerment, which of course has nothing to do with economic empowerment.


They started with that in 1996. And so they actually said initially in the nineties, that that's the ruling party's strategy. They still call it that the National Democratic Revolution, which is about using democracy to promote socialist ends. And so the re revolution, they say, goes in two phases. The first phase is present yourself as being liberal and democratic and get support, especially international support and local, and then use multi-party democracy as a way of promoting the goals of taking the country down the road to socialism. And, and so recently they even went as far as publishing a document saying, we are now ready for the second phase of the revolution. We now have power, we have control of the state.


We now need to use this to become much more aggressive in our socialist policies. And, and we are seeing this in a plethora of new laws all of a sudden in South Africa, which I think, I think it's gotten to the point where it's just not possible to maintain the view that people have had of South Africa for the last few decades. And look at what's currently happening in South Africa. It's two completely different worlds. And, and hopefully, or happily at least, a lot of people are starting to, to wake up to this. So you said Samuel Huntington wrote that in 19 96, 2 years after the election. I kind of thought that from day one, simply because I knew people there and I was m more familiar with the details of the Mandela's.


Yes. So, but I think most Americans, I I don't think had any idea like, what was Nelson Mandela on Rob Island for? What was he in prison for? Well, if You got from being black or was there another reason? Well, Literally, so I have, I have children and they're taught in schools, and the government prescribes what children should learn in, in history. And so the, the official version is he went to prison because he was a good leader, and the government didn't like that. I should say that he certainly was The best that the A NC has ever had to offer. Yes. But the reason why he went to prison is because they, they started, which was the military wing of the A NC, which became involved with military actions in South Africa with an attempt to overthrow the government.


And they actually, and this is, this is, I'm quoting from the A C's own policy documents that's on their own website. So they had this operation when they started, which was used in the Rivonia trial against Nelson Mandela. It was a, a strategy called Operation Maier. And the slogan of this operation was shamelessly, we shall attack the weak and shamelessly, we shall flee from the strong. So those were the circumstances in the 1960s. Pretty noble policy statement there will attack the weak and flee from the strong. Yeah. And it, it's still on their website. You, You can find it there. So that was the, it was a, an attempt at an armed uprising. Now we can talk about everything that was wrong with the previous political system in, in, in South Africa.


And there was a lot wrong. But, but it's simply not the case that he went to prison for being a good leader. Well, I, I think that most people would acknowledge a distinction between military action, which is, you know, a, a, a fight, a war, a battle between militaries and attacks on civilians, which is Yep. Something we call terrorism. Yes. So in 1985, the A NC had a conference in Kabwe in Zambia. And they, they took a formal decision that in their so-called military operations, they would not differentiate between hard and soft targets. So it was officially a policy that says we can kill innocent people.


And a lot of innocent people died in the political violence in the runup to 90, 94. And 90% of the people who died were black South Africans. Right. It was But non-com men, women, children, yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Women and children passers By, you know, people had nothing to do with anything. Yes, yes. Especially. And so at, during that time that Mandela was in prison, I'm 55, so I remember this very, very well. His wife was effectively his spokesman, Winnie Mandela. Yeah. And she was lionized in the United States. She was a hero. She was the mother of, of an emerging nation, you know, a woman of, of peace and, and decency. Really a transcendent figure, a holy figure. And, and then it turned out that actually she was a murderer who had, you know, burned to death or supervised the, the murder of a bunch of different people.


Tell us about that. Yes. So let me firstly say that I have a lot of respect for Nelson Mandela. I think in terms of, of his efforts. And, and as I say, he is, I think he's the, he's The best, the a NC has ever had to offer. Winnie Mandela, his wife, not so much. So she famous. I mean, she's been involved with a lot of things, including what, what was called the Mandela Football Club. Yes. Which was a gang that was involved with violence and killings of innocent people. And she famously said, at a political rally with our necklaces and our matches, we will liberate this country. Yes. Which of course is a reference to the necklace murders, which was very popular in South Africa and still happens in South Africa. That's when you take an a rubber tire, you fill it with petrol or, or gasoline, and you put it around someone's neck so that it's bound around their arms, and you set it on fire, and then you stone that person while he's burning to death.


And that happened, there were, I think five or 700 people were killed like that during political violence in South Africa. And she encouraged this, initially, she denied it, and then it came out that it was recorded of her saying this. So yes, it's very bizarre that someone like William Mandela is a hero today. It It, and was a hero then. And so that to me was a sign that these are, these are not, you know, liberators. That they're oppressors. Yeah. Yeah. And so, but no one in The West wanted to think that it was like a really simple tale of white oppression, of noble black people. And by definition, the black, and I'm, I mean, there were oppressed by people of course. Mm. And there were noble black people, but the leadership always struck me as evil.


Yes. So, so there were some better and some worse people in, in the leadership. I, I think an important component here that is very well documented, it's not a secret, but a lot of people don't seem to want to know this or recognize this is the very strong alliance that the a NC has always had and still has with the South African Communist Party. And the extent to which they were supported, not just by the Soviet Union, also by the Vietnamese and by Maung as well, implementing what they call the people's war strategy that they got from, from Maung. So yes, it was very much the a NC saw saw themselves as being the African or South African frontier of promoting a socialist or communist revolution.


Hmm. So how did it turn out? Well, if you, you mean, you mean in terms of way, way out today? Well, Let's, let's, let's, let's just follow different threads. So let's just start with, I don't know, technology and infrastructure. What did, in 1993, South Africa was famously the most prosperous society in Africa by far. Right. And in among the most prosperous in the world. Correct. They had nuclear weapons in South Africa. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. What is it like now, 30 years later? Well, the, the, the reality is that, that virtually every sphere of society is collapsing, with the exception of taxation, of course, and tax collection.


That's still very, very efficient. May, maybe I, I can explain it this way. So America has a somewhat skewed tax system with, if my information is correct, about 85% of tax income tax in America is paid by about 10% of the people. I think that's correct. So one in 10 in South Africa, 85% of income tax is paid by one in 30 people. So it's a very small number of people, a very small portion of the, of society that pays tax, that is heavily taxed. And then about almost half of the population in South Africa get money from the government in the form of social grants.


If you add government employees, conservative estimates say that 50% of people in South Africa get money from the government. Some estimates say it's up to 60% of of adults voting age adults get money from the government each year. So then this money, of course, is then used, it's given out as social grants. But what's left is used to set up these programs that are actively discriminating against taxpayers. Like, I mean, there are so many examples. One of the most recent one is this, is this blacks only fund that the government has set up whereby they give money to black entrepreneurs exclusively. So, so this is happening. And then on top of that, so after you spend your tax money to fund these government programs that are discriminating against you, you have to spend what is left to do the things that the government was supposed to be doing.


So the classical definition of a government is that it should protect life, liberty, and property. The classical liberal view, we are a bit Smithsonian. So we think a government has to do more than that. But, but if we use those three things, the government's not protecting our lives. There's about, if this interview that we are about to have is two hours, it'll, there will be about seven murders in South Africa. In this time, government does not protect liberty. It's actively targeting schools of minority communities actively denying the identity and the rights of minority communities. And it's certainly not protecting property. It's, it's actively involved with the program to empower the government to expropriate private property without compensation. So, so, and then we have to use the money that is left to pay for our own private security, to become involved with organizations to fulfill the things that the government was supposed to be doing with the tax money that we paid in the first place.


One of the reasons that I find this story so fascinating is not simply because, you know, it's like the classical, you know, irony of history. This, you know, group comes in with one aim, and then she's exactly the opposite. We're gonna have a, you know, we're gonna end racism, and then they make racism much worse. But also because they have gone about it in a way that's almost like American with the same language, the same diversity, diversity as our strength kind of sloganeering. And it's had the same result, which is to basically kill whites. And I, I mean, that's just true. Mm. And I, I wonder if you see that it's almost like you imported our kind of intellectual class framework for this project.


No, That's absolutely the case. So, so there's a theory. There was this video that just went viral on, on social media of this guy talking about how white people are subhuman and, and all of that. And they get the, well, this is stored at universities in South Africa. There's a theory called zania critical theory. Zania is a Pan-African word for South Africa. And they actually get this from Americans like Robin DiAngelo, who's this iram ex Kendi kos. These people, they get it from them, and then they put an African flavor on it, which essentially boils down to a theory that justifies the targeting and extermination of the white minority. And, and so the theory to summarize goes more or less like this.


There's an African term called Ubuntu, which means brotherliness, or, or it's, it's about your internal humanity. It's a Zulu term. And the theory goes that white people are incapable of having Ubuntu, but Ubuntu is the essence of humanity. So if you don't have it, you're not truly human. So it boils down the, the logical conclusion is that if you kill a white person, then you did not actually commit murder. So this is not widely believed in South Africa, but this is taught at universities by university professors. And it's certainly believed by radical elements. It's a pre predicate for genocide. I mean, it's always the same in every, I mean, we're watching and in parts of the world now, they're not fully human.


Right. So we can kill them. 'cause they're fully human then it's a, it's of course a grave sin to kill them. Yeah. Yeah. Well, well we've always been saying that there's not a genocide in South Africa looking what at what happened in Rwanda and so forth. It's not the same thing, but it is very alarming to look at some of these claims that are being made and to compare that to what was made in Rwanda, you know, And well, every country and, you know, genocide broadly defined an an attempt to eliminate a group of people on the basis of their race or ethnicity. Yeah. And, and we have these political parties chanting, I mean, you've seen this, you've reported on this chanting, kill the b kill the farmer to a stadium filled with people. And it's not just rhetoric. So they would say, no, it's just a metaphor. But it's preceded by a speech about how white people are criminals and should be treated like criminals.


How everything they have is illegitimate and stolen in which people are encouraged to go and invade their farms and so forth. And then they chant kill the bur, kill the farmer. And they make these hand gestures. Of course, the bur is a reference to the Africana people. And, and, but reality is also that the farmers are being attacked and killed on their farms. So it's not just a metaphor and, and are attempts at researching this has found that there's an increase in pharma attacks when, obviously when the political climate becomes heated or warmer. And these type of statements are made in a way, in a way that's highly publicized. You do get an increase in pharma attacks and it, and it's very brutal and, and very horrific pharma attacks that we see. So the farmer tax are attacks against white farmers?


Not, again, not, Not exclusively white farmers, but it's attacks against farmers in South Africa, of which the majority is white. Right. Okay. So this has been going on a long time. I think it's been well documented. I believe you wrote a book about it. Yes. Which has become very, sold a lot of copies on Amazon I noticed. Yes. And so none of this is like a secret and all of it's verifiable because, you know, dead people are pretty easy to track 'cause they're dead. Yeah. So we have the names of the people who've been murdered. Exactly. Yeah. But in the United States, the country that inspired the revolution that you're living through Mm. Our media have ignored that and then gone beyond ignoring it to attack anyone who brings it up as a quote, white supremacist.


Yeah. Well, well I can tell you so many stories about this. So for please do, for example, I was on your show a few years ago to talk about the farm murders and the extent to which we were attacked by American media. As a result of that, I had someone from CNN come see me in my office in, in Pretoria and to interview me about farm attacks. And the entire interview was about you. So he would put things to me and say, did you know Tucker Carlson said the following? Do you agree with this statement? And did, did you know that Donald Trump said this? And are you comfortable with this? And so I paused him at one stage and I said, what are we doing? I, I thought we had to talk about farm murders and what's happening in South Africa. But the only, so the argument was that because Trump made that comment about farm murders in 2018, it has to be a non-existing issue because Trump is a liar and everything he says is false.


And the same with you, because you spoke about it, that means that the problem doesn't exist. And we have to prove that it doesn't exist in order to get To you. Well, not only doesn't it exist, you're not allowed to complain about it existing. Yes. Yes. Somehow It's somehow a moral crime to notice and to not like it when people are murdered for the color of their skin. It it's bizarre. It's, well, It's not bizarre. It's, it's a, they're telegraphing genocidal intent when they're telling, you know, you're not getting killed. And yes, it's a good thing that you are. Yes. And now you're not getting killed. What are they saying? What are they saying? Yeah, it's, it's, no, you're not getting killed. And if you are, you deserve it. Right. Because of a variety of things.


Because the, the attackers are poor or because remember all the horrible things that white people have done in South Africa and outside of South Africa. So, so there's always a justification. And, and so another example, just in, in 2018, again, after you spoke about this and after Trump spoke about this, The president of South Africa, za came to America And he spoke at an event in, in New York, And he said, there are no killings of farmers in South Africa. And he, he just flat out the night the existence of the problem. And he said this on an international platform, he said, it's not happening, it's not true. And and the worst of it all was how the media knew this was wrong, especially mainstream media in South Africa.


They knew that it's not true. And so they immediately rushed to his defense writing articles like, this is what he actually meant to say. And then they sort of justify what's happening. And so it's, it's, we really do sometimes feel that our biggest battle is not primarily against what the government is doing, but against how the media is reporting that. But just consider this, I mean, if, you know, if Tootsies in Kigali in 1994 said, boy, I, you know, I, a lot of us seem to be getting hacked to death by machetes and reporters or political figures said, shut up. You know, you're a tootsie supremacist for saying so I think we could fairly say the people shouting them down are pro genocide of tootsies.


Yeah. I mean, what what's the other explanation? I don't really get it. I mean, what, honestly, what's the other explanation? Well, the, the, the explanation that is used in court cases. So, by the way, the skill, the Boer chant was found in court not to be hate speech according to South African Law. It's not hate speech. Yeah. Killing people is not hate speech. Yeah. Chanting about killing people. You know why it's not hate speech? 'cause it's not speech they hate. That's why. Well, maybe that's it. Speech They approve of. So, so the arguments that that is used or argue used to defend this type of rhetoric would always be something like, you need to see it in context. You need to remember the apartheid system. You need to remember what these people went through, But they deserve to be killed. You need to remember that. Yeah, That's, well, so the argument you're saying is that they're actually commemorating the historic struggle, and that's why they are still chanting this today.


I would disagree with you. I think what they're saying is the people getting murdered deserve to be murdered. So stop complaining about it. Yeah. Well, I, a few people are saying that out loud, but that does seem to be the Sentiment. I mean, look, at some point, you know, I don't need you to explain your motive. If I have a clear glimpse of your actions, if I know what you're doing, mm. I don't have to hear you explain why you're doing it. I already know. Because the motive is displayed in the action. Mm. Did, do you know what I mean? Yep. So, so, so in other words, if I pull out a gun and shoot you, and somebody said, did you not like Ernst? Yeah. I can say whatever I want, but I just shot you. So I think it's kind of fair to infer that I didn't like you. Yeah. Well, Yeah. But, but the motive is also explained in the words.


So they're trying to defend the words. It's a famous story of Chamberlain and Churchill. You know, when Chamberlain came back from meeting Hitler And he said, no, well, I met Tim and you know, I think we're gonna find peace. And then Churchill said, no. Well, I read what he said and I believed him. Yeah. And, and so You can just read what they're saying when, if you read the policy documents of the ruling party, they say they want to convert South Africa into a communist society. They want to have a revolution in South Africa. And if you listen to the more radical parties to the left of them, they openly chant about killing white people. So, so they say these things out loud. It's, it's, and now they are obviously more to the fringe. You find the more extreme rhetoric in South Africa. But, but it's very alarming.


And, and how people just rush to their defense all the time.


Permanent Washington is terrified and distraught by the Trump Revolution now in progress. And it is a revolution and it's unfolding along very familiar lines. The White House is now giving voters what they actually want and what they've wanted for a long time. And that's the one thing that permanent Washington doesn't want to give them. They are working to stop it. Fortunately, our friends at Heritage, the Heritage Foundation in DC are fighting back. They've spent years thinking this through. How do you dismantle permanent DC the deep structures underneath everything. How do you train replacements for the bureaucrats getting canned? How do you enact policies that voters actually voted for? Well, now that Biden is gone, Heritage's vision is finally becoming reality. And You can help push it forward by going to heritage.org/tucker and making a tax deductible donation your gift fuels their American rescue plan and helps stop permanent Washington from crushing it from strangling in the cradle. Heritage has been doing this a long time. They've been successful, and their more aggressive now than ever. Their work is worth supporting. Go to heritage.org/tucker to make your gift today. We hope you will.


So that's the part that bothers me. Like I'm not surpri I'll just, I'll just say it. I'm not surprised at all. I watched what happened in Rhodesia. Yeah. When it became Zimbabwe in 1980 and some, you know, something identical happened. There was a lot of killing. And they drove it, you know, to the bottom rank of Nations's, the poorest country in the world. Mm. And following exactly the same script. I always thought that would happen in South Africa. I wanted to be wrong. Turns out I wasn't. What really bothers me is that The West has allowed this and cheered it on because I live in The West. I live in the United States. So like, I don't wanna think that my leaders are for killing people on the basis of race, but watching how they've stood by and, you know, know applauded, Barack Obama's applauded all this stuff.


Yeah. It tells you everything about Barack Obama and other American leaders, doesn't it? Yes. And and this brings us back to the nineties. So during the nineties, it was again, after the Cold War and the world, and especially The West, was high on ideology. And this idea that, you know, the world will become liberal and everyone's gonna become like us. And everyone in the world is just an American waiting to be liberated. And, and we just need to go and liberate them from their own traditional beliefs and so forth. And so it, it really is the case that, that America and many Western countries played a very significant role in creating the South Africa that we have today. Oh, I'm aware. I'm aware. And, and so it's, we, we, we don't want other people to fix our problems on our behalf. We want to solve our own problems.


But You can certainly make the case that, that The West has a moral responsibility towards the people in South Africa. Of Course, there, the, The West forced through sanctions, boycotts, the change of government that put the a NC in power. So absolutely. In the same way The West is armed, Ukraines, they have an obligation to make sure Yep, yep. You know, to at least know what's happening and to be honest about it, not to hide their own, you know, responsibility for the crime. Yeah. And, And, and so there's this false dichotomy in South Africa or with regard to South Africa, that if you are against what's happening in South Africa now that means you want the apartheid system. So you have AdChoices. And there, one former judge recently said this, who's retired, he said that you, we have AdChoices in South Africa between a moral system that is dysfunctional, which is the current system or an immoral system that is a functional one, which is the former system.


And so the problem is, if you criticize what's happening in South Africa, now you get accused of wanting to return to the Apartheid system. But the truth is, You can reject both. You can say we don't want the apartheid system and we don't want what's happening in South Africa at the moment. We, we want to govern ourselves, we want freedom. But, but it seems that a lot of people are incapable of making that conclusion or, or leaving any room for saying that both these systems are wrong. And we need a better system, a system that is much more decentralized, a system in which the various nations who live in South Africa, 'cause South Africa's very big, it's almost as big as Europe. The various nations living in South Africa should just govern themselves. And that's not what's happening in South Africa.


And, and I think it's a worthy course to pursue. So can I, I think I'm hardly an expert in South Africa at all, but I am American. So if I, can I just give my overview of what Yeah. Of the different groups in South Africa, and you correct me, but just so people following on. 'cause they think it matters for the reasons I'll explain. So South Africa, there're basically two big white populations in South Africa. Historically. They're what were called the Boars, the Africaners who are, were religious, basically religious refugees. Yes. A mixture of Dutch and French Hugos, Protestant, Dutch, Protestant French, who moved to Southern Africa for reasons of religious liberty. Okay. And then you had the English who I think were after the World War in Power.


Yes. Who mostly were there for economic reasons and had in many cases, passports back to Great Britain. And then you had a couple of different African black groups. The largest of which I think is to this day are the Zulus. Yes. Who, like, the Africaners, the Boars and the English were not native to the area at all. They were newcomers who arrived I think just right before the Boars did. Yeah. Not long before. Okay. This is all true. Yes, yes, yes. And they, you know, as invading groups often usually do kind of exterminated the native population who were the, what we would call the Bushmen or Yeah, The Koi and the San as they're also called.


Thank you. Yes. Okay. So that, that's my like dumb foreigner overview. Yeah. Is that roughly true? Yeah. So, so just, can I tell you a story from our history? I hope you will. Yes. It's, some people call it the origin story of the Afrikaner people. And I, it, it explains a lot about who we are today. So we were settled in the Cape, the Proto Afrikaans who were still the Dutch, the French, and the Germans. We were then colonized the Cape in I think 1810 by the British. It was during the Nian war. When, when did the Africons for the Boars first get there? 1652. 1652. Yeah. That's what, 150 years before the Declaration of Independence or something. Wow. Something like that.


Yeah. So A long time ago. Yeah. So, so my great-great-great grandfather, Nikola Roots, who was the first roots who came to South Africa came more or less the time when George Washington was a teenager. So he was eight years older than George Washington. So, so my family has been in Africa since, you could say, since George Washington, since the time of George Washington. So, so Before the United States was a country. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Absolutely. So, so the Cape was, Do do you have another passport? No, no, no, I don't. And I'm, I don't really want one. Right. And do most africaners have other passports? No, most don't. Yeah. Okay. But, but this goes to this story I wanna tell you. So, so we were colonized by the British, and You can call in the Proto Afrika has then said, you know, we don't want to be governed by anyone else.


We want to govern ourselves. And so they opted to move into the interior of South Africa, which was called the Great Track. And they didn't know what they would expect. They said they reject slavery, they want to foster good relations with local tribes, which they did. There were many treaties signed and agreements and so forth. And then, And they did not hold slaves There, there was slavery in the Cape Colony before that. But when the great track that, that was around the time of the ab abolition of slavery. Yes. And they also rejected slavery. They explicitly said so. So they then went into the interior and the leader of the great track was a guy called Peter Thi Yes. Who, who went to negotiate with the Zulu king then gone. And so he said, what can we do to buy land from you for our people to live?


The agreement was they had to return cattle that was stolen by another tribe with a king called ela. So they went, they retrieved the cattle, they brought it to the king. The Z king GaN King said to them that we have to celebrate. So leave your weapons outside the lagger. Come inside and we'll have a celebration. During the celebration. At one stage, he, he chanted ti, which means kill the wizards. So they took TIF and his commando his group to a nearby hill, And they slaughtered him. They had, they slaughtered him last because they wanted him to see, they wanted to make sure that he sees his people and his son murdered a few months later. Oh, let, let me before.


So, so after that they went on an extermination mission. They killed women and children in the laggers and so forth. A few months later, A lagger is a, a group of wagons pulled into a circle. Yes, correct. Yes. And so a few months later, his body was found with the treaty on which the Zulu king signed, giving them some land. So they then started a, initiated a punishment commando a group of three to 400 men to, to counter attack the Zulus, which eventually led to the Battle of Blood River. One of the most significant battles in our history, where they found themselves completely surrounded. They were about, let's say 400 Before N Bos. Yes.


Surrounded by 12,000 Zulus. And so they had this wagon and my great-great-great-great grandfather was, was in that lagger. And he was the religious leader. His name is Sol Elia. So, so sa And what Was their religion? Christian Dutch Reform. Dutch Reformed. Yes. Yep. So he said to them, listen, we need to make a vowel to God. And so he wrote a vow, which they all made, and the vowel said that we standing here in front of the garden, heaven and earth to make a vow to him that if he protects us in the battle that lies ahead, we will commemorate this day in the years to come as a day of Thanksgiving and a Sabbath. And we will also tell our children the story.


And we will build a church, and we will make sure that the honor of the victory goes to God and not to us. So they made this vow, and the battle took place. And the result was that not one of the Africans were killed. 3000 Zulus died in that battle. Not one was killed. Yes. Yeah. And, and so the reason why I'm telling the story is not because not to point to the Zulu people. We have good relations with the Zillow and we've worked with them. This was of course, the one major battle. But we've had good relations with them over the years. But it just, I, it says something about firstly, why the African people are so patriotic. It says something about why we are so attached to African soil and why, why we are still religious with a very religious community.


We have some problems in terms of belief and so forth. But broadly speaking, the africanas are compared to Europe and compared to some parts of America, still a very religious people. And it also says something about why we are so attached to the country and why we don't want to leave. We, we want to stay there because our ancestors have been there for hundreds of years. And we fought and died for our, our space there. And we've gotten used to it to, to a certain extent. What's the only country that you have, isn't it? Exactly. We, we don't have any other country. We, we, like, we can't go to, we can't go back to England. We are not Dutch anymore. We, you know, some, we have, there's this slogan in South Africa that says, go back to Holland. But I mean, I've been to Holland, I've been to Amsterdam. It's a beautiful city, but I don't feel like I'm, like, I'm at home when I go there.


It's a beautiful foreign city that I'm attending. We became a people in Africa, which is why we are called the Afrikaans. We named ourselves after the continent. And our language, Afrikaans is named after the continent. But you are being called invaders by people whose ancestors were also invaders. Yeah. Well, who came from the north of Africa. Yes. From, from where Cameroon is and so forth. Who came down firstly towards the east of Africa and then along the Great Lake Lakes eventually ending, ending in South Africa. Yes. So I think it's what you said is really important. 'cause I think from the American, the Western perspective, there's this idea that the africaners, the boars are worse.


They're the worst whites there. Worse than the English. Yes. English, who by the way, created the concentration camp during the Bo War. Yes. Yep, yep. That's true. Winston Churchill was there and kind of behaved pretty dishonorably, I would say, on many, many levels for hundreds of years in South Africa. But that's just my opinion. Yep. But that the boars are somehow the worst and that they have no right to be there. And I think history suggests something different. Well, absolutely. So on my mother's side, I descend from the British, my great-grandfather fought in the First World War for, for the British. And so in many ways, culturally, we've become very close to the British because of the influence over the years.


And I don't think there's friction today between the Africans and, and the British, but it certainly is the case. I mean, the concentration camps were horrible. I I recently read the Gula Archipelago and Chen writes in there that the first concentration camps were invented by the Soviets. But that's actually wrong. That the first concentration camps that we know of, of at least this type of concentration camps were during the first, during the Anglo War where about 30,000 women and children died. But there was a lot of the, the, the great thing about the Anglo war was that it was in many ways, a first for the world. It was, some people call it the first international propaganda war because it was in a time when newspapers became popular. So there was this propaganda war in Europe with regard to the Boers or the Boer War with a lot of people saying the Boers are burish.


That's where the word comes from. Evidently, if someone told me that's where the word burish comes from, is it's to be sort of, you know, very old style and, and you know, not very sophisticated. Rough Yeah, yeah. Rough around the ages. And so there was a lot of propaganda, like the buras being compared to, to wild hogs and, and things like that. But that's okay. As the, the word Boer was actually used for a long time as an insult, almost like Jew, like calling someone a Jew. It's like, oh, you're a Boer. Typical Boer. But I mean, we are very proud of that word. It's, it's, it's something that we take pride in. It's, in many ways, there's some debate about the difference between ER and Africana, but it's broadly speaking, synonymous. But I mean, we are very proud of our history in South Africa, and we've become a very sophisticated community with a, an immense treasure chest of literature, of poetry, of philosophy, all of it in our own language that we did over the last, especially the last a hundred years, which of course is under threat.


Now. Your language not spoken by anyone else in the world. No. It, it's some, it's, it descends from Dutch. Yes. And So if you spend some time as an Afrikaan person with some Dutch french, eventually you, you start to follow. But it's not Dutch anymore. There's been influences by other languages and and so forth. So, so it's, it's, there are people who speak it all over the world because, but that's only because people who have left from, so many people have left from South Africa. Some estimates say it's about a million people, white people who have left South Africa over the last few decades. How many are left? How many whites overall in South Africa and how many of them are African? So, So it's more or less about 5 million who are left.


The Africana community is about 2.7 million. Yeah. And the total population is about 60, just over 60 million. And now it looks like you're, as you said, entering some kind of final stage where they'll be, I mean, they've been expelled from a bunch of different African countries as you know, but it sounds like the, the plan is to force them to leave or kill them, or what is the plan Exactly. So, So young smuts, the famous virginal Yeah. Who worked with Churchill also famously said that South Africa is a country where The best never happens, and the worst never happens. And so we sort of believe that. And we hope that the worst outcome is, is an unrealistic outcome.


We do know that the most important thing that we need to do now is to be very well organized in terms of our own communities, to be very well connected to each other. You know, there's this whole debate about the individual and the community in philosophy. And, and we've realized that if you're just an individual, you are completely helpless. If you, if you're not part of a community, if you don't have, if you, if you're not given meaning by the community of which you are a member, you, you just, you be, you're completely helpless against this, the Leviathan and the state. So, so we need to be well organized. We need to be armed. We need to have well functioning communities who look after each after, look after the poor, do all the things that the government's supposed to be doing, but also look after our safety.


So we drive patrols at night. We are involved with tens of thousands of volunteers involved with patrols looking after our own safety and so forth. But, but I think the bigger question here is the future of South Africa. And this is a controversial thing to say, but it's so obvious that it's not sustainable. It's, it's not going to work, and it's just getting worse. So the only possible solution is not simply to say we need a different party in power, because the underlying foundations is still, is problematic. The only possible solution is to move toward a system with subsidiary authorities, which could imply something like a republic for the Africana people. It could imply a kingdom for the Zulu people.


It could imply different types of authority depending on the community. But South Africa is a country made up of a long list of minorities. This, unless if you look at it from a racial perspective, You can say there's a black minority, a black majority. But the black majority also con consists of a variety, as you mentioned, a variety of nations and tribes and so forth. And plus massive immigration into your country. Yeah. Yeah. It's, that's a, it's a very serious problem. Yeah. We virtually don't have borders in South Africa. Right. But, and a problem of course for the country, but also a demographic fact that it's not as if there's this like monolithic black majority. There are all kinds of different components of the black majority, right? Yes. Don't necessarily get along. Yeah, yeah.


And there, but a lot of Zimbabweans murdered in South Africa by South Africa. Yeah. The new phobic violence, every now and then, there's this upsurge in violence against foreigners. So they get accused, what typically happens is people come in from the north or the north of South Africa, like Malawi, Zimbabwe and so forth, Zambia and so forth. And then they work And they accept jobs for lower wages. Yes. And, and a lot of them work really hard. Yes. And so that leads to friction because there's very high unemployment in South Africa already. And so it leads to friction within lo among the local communities. And then every now and then we have this upsurge in very, very brutal xenophobic violence. So yes, the border is, it's virtually non-existent. The border to the north of South Africa.


If you've been paying attention, you know that ALF is not just another nicotine pouch. It is literally The best nicotine pouch in the world. And we know, because we use it all day long, we've used all of them. Turns out You can actually make money by telling people about al we're launching our affiliate program. If you have an audience, big or small, You can cash in. You earn 10% commission on every sale of out that you bring in. And to make it even easier, we'll give you a 10% off link for your followers. They save, you earn. It's really simple, by the way, compared to all the other products people sell online. ALP is truly good. It's delicious. It's easy to sell because it's heartfelt. So spread the word, get rewarded for it. You can sign up@alppouch.com. It's alp pouch.com, alp, POUC h.com. Best nicotine pouch in the world.


So what would it look like to have autonomous republics? And is that allowed under your 94 constitution? I thought there was some provision for that. Well, It's interesting that you know this. Yes. So there's a section in, in, in the South African Constitution, section 2, 3 5, that provides for self-determination for communities. Now, there's some ambiguity in terms of how to interpret that section, but it is, there's some constitutional provision for that. And so during the nineties, the, the, the negotiations for New South Africa, the more conservative groups who were white and black, who were arguing for self-determination, were made fun of by the ruling party at the time, the National Party and the a NC of course, and also some westerners.


This is just backwards. This idea of governing yourself is somehow an old ancient thing that we should move away from. And part of the problem, part of the reason why they were made fun of is the question is how do you do that practically? And and the only way to practically do that is to have areas where people live concentrated. Where, where people form a defacto majority. And there are such areas, like for example, when you talk about the Zulus and so forth, the African people are pretty much dispersed. Although there are some areas where we live more concentrated, but there's, for example, And there are some initiatives to get Africans to move closer together. And, and I think, I think that's a solution that, that we need to really focus on is getting the Africans to move closer Together.


So they're clustered in Pretoria, was my understanding, The majority, yes. Pretoria and then the Western Cape and the south of the country. And then there's this irania initiative in the Northern Cape. So tell us about, about that. What is Irania? So Irania is a, is a cultural community. It's an Africana cultural community. It's fairly small. It's about 3000 people. But it's growing rapidly. It's growing by about 12 to 15% per year. And the idea is a, it's a culture's privately owned. It's a community where the Africana culture can survive and flourish. And it has been growing at quite a pace. Even those, it's from a small base. But the idea is to say this is an area. We, we are the majority, and we make our own decisions.


We make our own laws, we govern ourselves, we make our own decisions in terms of what happens with our tax money. What happens, you know, with our streets. What type of monuments do You murder other people or oppress other people? No. Then, then why? Maybe you have an answer to this. A neighborhood, a community of 3000 people, which is tiny, even by South African standards, has received unrelenting negative media attention in The West. Why is that such a moral crime, such an outrage to have a community, a community like that? Yeah. It's, It's bizarre. The extent to which Irania has been attacked, especially in the international media. So I spoke with a, a, a friend in Europe recently who said to me, I've only read negative things about Irania, but that's why I like it, because I know who's writing it.


A lot, a lot of us have reached that conclusion. Yes. And so, so in South Africa, there are many traditional, The lying is just, can I just pause and just say the lying is unsustainable when you know, you open up the New York Times and it's a safe bet that whatever they're telling you is the opposite of the truth. Then you've reached a point where it's like, why even have media coverage? Yeah. At that point. You know what I mean? Yeah. So, so in South Africa, there are many cultural communities like Zulu, communities different, let, let's say there are many black cultural communities. And when they are reported on by the media, they would say, this Zulu cultural community, so and so, or this clause cultural community is doing this. But when it's irania, they say it's a whites only enclave. That's, that's the term they use. Even those, it's a cultural community.


So, so black communities can have that. What is, what is that? Why, why, why the hostility? And that's true globally, by the way. Yeah. There's no any white majority country. There are very few left, very few left. But there's just suspect because they exist. What is that? I I I think it's underpinned by or phobia this idea of just hating your own people and, and wanting your own people to down, Down. It's, I'm, I'm not mad at China for being 99% Chinese or Exactly. Or whatever. I just, I'm not mad at Burundi for being all black. It just doesn't, never even enters my mind. What, what is that? Why is, why is that? I mean, honestly, I, yeah, I guess now that we can ask questions like this.


Yeah. Do you have any idea? I I honestly think it's underpinned by, by an enormous sense of guilt within Western society or the western world, not knowing how to make sense of the second world war and being influenced over decades and centuries by enlightened philosophy that talks about how you are the problem and how, you know, you should have a sense of guilt for who you are. And the idea that that community and identity is a bad thing, but it's not a bad thing if it's someone else. If, if It's, well, not only is it not a bad thing, it's, it's required by law, community, and identity. I mean, those are like the buzzwords of the moment.


Yes. But those are, I mean, basically it's just like everyone hates whites, including a lot of whites. And I just don't understand that I'm, I am white, but I'm kind of Yeah. Agnostic on the qu on the question. I, I kind of like all people. I think they're all created by God. I, but, but they're we're required to pretend this isn't happening, but it is happening. Everybody hates the whites and wants them to die. Mm. Where does that come From? I, I think it's primarily a Western thing. It's it, but What's the, what's the root of it? I think it's the weirdest thing I've ever seen. Yes. Well, And by the way, if everyone wanted Malaysians to die or something, I would say, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. You know, whatever Malaysia has done through the years, like you can't Yeah. Attack people on the basis of their Malaysian ness.


That's just wrong. I would say that, of course. And I would mean it too. Yes, of course. But it's considered a crime to say that about whites. Like, I, I Where does that come from? I, I'm honestly baffled. Do you have any idea? Well, No, I can only speculate. I think some part of this, or phobia. I, I honestly think enlightenment philosophy has played a big role in this. I think the, the influence of, you know, ideas about power structures and, and you know, all these stuff that's coming from America, it used to come from Europe maybe, but the Chinese have an awful lot of power in Asia, and I never heard anybody say, you should, like, you know, it's outrageous that, you know, Chinas 95% han or something like it, not even a thing. It's something about what Well, as they say in our university is whiteness Yes.


Is uniquely offensive. Yes. It's uniquely, and I don't think that's a product of enlightenment philosophy, because I mean, that was, this is a new thing. This is post-war. The second World War did this in some way that I don't fully understand. I don't understand at all, actually. Yeah. I think I, I think so. So Alice de McIntyre has a, has a, an explanation of how to make sense of what, how, how we, how we derailed in trying to make sense of the second world war. I mean, obviously, you know, Hitler was evil and all of that. I mean, no one disagrees with that, obviously. But So, so the wrong lesson from the second World War is that nationalism is evil or a sense of pride in your identity is evil. And there are a lot of people who would really like us to believe this, that we need to abolish communal identities, McIntyre's line only When they're white.


Yes, yes. Yeah, of Course. It's actually, I don't think anyone thought the lesson of the war was that nationalism is evil. Only that national when whites do it. Yeah. When whites do it. Yeah. So, so McIntyre's line is that, that a, a sense of communal identity and pursuing what is good for your people is a good, and what went wrong with the second World war was that Hitler was trying to pursue this good at the expense of all other goods. He was detaching this one thing from everything else. And in the, and you cannot do that without committing evil and inflicting evil. And, and so I, I think it's, it's a bizarre situation where we are in currently. But, so I Thought and think that the less than the second World war was that targeting people for violence and discrimination, but especially violence on the basis of their immutable genetic characteristics.


Mm. Was wrong. Of course. That's what I was taught. It's inherent to ego. I believe that now as much as I've ever believed it. And, but it's just crazy to see people say that on the one hand. And then for a lot of people, a lot of our leaders, the lesson of the second World War was No, that's good. Yeah. Actually, you, you need to target more people on the basis of their immutable ethnic characteristics, their whiteness. Yes. And kill them. Like that's the lesson now that's the opposite lesson. Yeah. Right? Yeah, of course. Well, well, so in South Africa, and this is part of the bizarre part of it, is the ruling party in South Africa, they would write in their own, in their own policy documents.


They say our ideology is a blend of race nationalism and socialism. That's literally what Nazi means. Now, I'm not saying they're Nazis, but in some sense they're calling themselves Nazis. If they say we, we promote a combination of race, nationalism and safety. Yeah. I don't think people can hear themselves. I mean, I think even this conversation will be like, oh, that's a Nazi conversation. It's like, no, no, we're arguing, or well, I'll speak for myself. I'm arguing against what I thought the core idea was, or the core bad idea in the second World War, which is that you should attack people, hurt people 'cause of how they were born. Like I'm just based on who they are. Always been opposed to that. I will, yes. Always be opposed to that.


But now it's like complaining about it makes, I dunno, it's, it's all, so yeah. You're not even allowed to say this as itself. It's also fake. It's also fake. Yeah. Like it's actually, this is all a cover for something much more sinister that is not really related to the Second World War. Like, I, I just don't think, 'cause it doesn't make any sense as an intellectual exercise, you just like immediately hit a brick wall. Yep. Like what you're saying is nonsensical, right? Yeah. Well, I I, it's difficult to make sense of it because it's, it's completely irrational. It's completely Irrational. Therefore, I think it's lie. 'cause it doesn't even, like, you don't even, I don't have a, especially high iq and it's super obvious to me that it doesn't make any sense. So like what really?


I guess there's no answer. I don't know the answer, but there's something very deep going on here where the leaders of every country in the world, all of a sudden decide this one ethnic group needs to be killed. Like, what? I don't, I think one part of it is something that you've said before, which is affluence the people Yeah. People in the western world have become very affluent and unfortunately as a result of that, very self-centered, and in many ways they become disconnected from their communities, disconnected from, from their tradition and so forth. Yeah. There's no doubt about that. But I mean, I, you know, just spent a lot of time in the, in the Gulf, in the Persian Gulf, the most affluent countries in the world per capita, I think. I mean, they are, and you know, whatever you think of them, You don't see a lot of Arab leaders being like, we really were too Arab.


That's the problem where I hate myself for my arabness. Like, that doesn't even occur to them. Yeah. To their great credit. By the way, I don't think self-hatred is ever good. I don't think hating anybody in the base of race is ever good. It's, it's only this one group. Yeah. That does it. Well, I'd like to believe, and I hope that I'm right, that it's, it's a minority within the Western world that really believes this stuff, I think. But they have significant power and influence. Wait, do they, they are the editors of newspapers. They are the prime ministers. They are professors at universities and so forth, and the, those are the people who's promoting this type of idea. When I think most hardworking, ordinary people don't fall for this. I Think, well, certainly most authentic Christians reject it out of hand immediately.


Yeah. As Yeah. It it's essentially anti-Christian in many ways. Well, it is the definition of anti-Christian. I, I think, I mean, that's my look. What do I know? Don't take theology advice from me, but that's certainly my truest, deepest belief. Mm. That it's, this is immoral, you know, no matter who it's done to. Yep. So one of, I should have said this at the asset, but one of the reasons there's been this real change in people's willingness in The West to talk about what's happening in South Africa in an honest way, not with the false pieties of Desmond Tutu was so great. Whatever, Desmond t you know, you think of Desmond Tutu, not much. But, but we were required to talk about South Africa in a very specific way. Mm. And to repeat certain cliches at really at gunpoint.


And that's changed in the past couple of months. And it's really changed due to a South African emigre called Elon Musk. This is my perspective. Yes. You tell me yours. But he has made it possible through x but also through statements he's made on x to say the obvious, which is this is a crime against a beleaguered minority. And that, you know, this is racism against human beings and it's wrong. What Do, do you feel that? Yes. So I, I don't know how much of what is in his biography by Isaacson is true, but it does seem from his biography that he's had some bad experiences growing up in South Africa, which is unfortunate. And we were, we are still not sure quite how attached he still is to South Africa as a country.


But looking at his ex and his comments, it's very clear that he's interested. And, and the, the strange thing is, Even those, some people are very angry with him for speaking about South Africa. The only thing that he's really doing is he's picking up a mirror and he's saying, look at what's happening in South Africa. And he's, he's just, he's retweeting videos from rallies in South Africa and forth. Exactly. He's, he's literally just saying to people, look at this stuff that's happening in South Africa. Yeah. What do you, what do you think of this? Are you, you okay with this? You defend This? No, I think, well, a lot of people I think are, I can, I can speak for a lot of people in saying that we are really, really grateful for, for what Elon Musk is, is doing to, to shed light on what is happening in South Africa. It must Be so weird to live in a country that has received so much attention from western media.


So much attention. I mean, there's no other country in Africa where your average American knows the name of three famous people. You know what I mean? There's not even close, you know, name three famous people from, you know, Congo know, you know, but every American knows about Nelson Mandela, probably Woody Mandela, Desmond Tutu, Jan Smit was also very big, who became this boy general who was a a of course advisor at the, the Churchill, of Course joined the English in the, I think in the first World War, like Right. You know? Yes. First and second World War. Right. But the first war was, you know, not even 15 years after the war war. So that was a pretty remarkable decision that he made. I don't think most people are that in tune, but Yep.


They know the big outlines, but of what happened post 94, And they know all about apartheid and all that. But it must be so weird to be living in this country where all this stuff is happening and nobody is saying anything about it. Yeah. It's, it's crazy. It, it really is. And, and I have to say the last few months has been quite a ride in terms of what we, you know, the, the executive order signed by President Trump and statements coming from the us Tell us about that executive order, if you don't mind. So, So the executive order is, is a very strong reprimanding of what the South African government is doing. It says that the South African government is, well, as Trump said, is treating certain sections of society very badly.


And, and, sorry, that's, and that the us Sorry, Have a cold. That's, that's the Trump thing And Ever said, And, and the US will not stand for this. And so it, it boils down to, to sanctions in, in an important way, which is not, on one part of it says that, that they will grant refugee status to africaners if they want to go to the us, which I don't think, in all fairness, we are really grateful for the, for the public stance taken by the us. And in a certain sense, they haven't gone far enough. But in a certain sense, I don't think the, the granting of refugee status is, is much of a solution. Some people will take that up. But that, that's why I told you the story of the Battle of Blood River and the vow.


We are culturally very, very attached to, to South Africa. And so most of Us, I think your family got to South Africa around the time my family got to the United States, and This is my country, hundreds of years. This is my country. I'm, I think I'm ninth generation. Yeah. And, and so I also have a mother of English descent that I'm also un unlike you, I'm ashamed of it. Sorry, just kidding. Sort of Not really, but, but yeah, no, of course. I mean, it's your country. I mean, what at that point, what, you know, so, so I think, I think what a better response from the US could be is to take a firm stance against what is happening in terms of what the South African government is doing. But then to say, how can the US support minority groups in South Africa who are really working for some form of self-determination.


I, I think America should recognize that it does have part in the problem in terms of what happened historically. Are you kidding? Yes, it does. Big time. Yes. And, and, and therefore, it's, it's reasonable. And I think it's fair, and I'm, I'm hesitant to say this because I'm not an American, but I think it's reasonable to say that America has some form of a moral responsibility not to fix South Africa, but at least to, to try to rework this mess that has been created because it was involved in creating this mess we're, We've mobilized our state department to defend trans rights in the Don Bass. Okay. We've weighed into every sectarian conflict in the, this world for the past 80 years.


Yeah. I think we can certainly say that a minority group targeted for genocide in the country, we've been involved in really intimately for my entire life. That that group has a right not to be killed and to have some measure of self-determination. I think we can do that. Yeah. That's not too big of your Absolutely. Right. Yeah. And, and the solution, I would say the most sustainable solution is to help such communities to, to govern themselves, to have self-determination. And, and it's not only in, obviously it would be in our interest, but, but I think it's also in the interest of The West and and of America. Well, just on principle, like every other group in the world has the right to its own homeland except white people. Like what? Yeah. Like, tell me, just explain to me how that makes sense. Either no group has the right, or every group has the Right.


Yep. It's really that simple. And if you wanna say no group has the Right, okay. I, I, you might even convince me, I don't know, I'm not a race guy actually by my temperament at all. Mm. I'd kind of like to ignore it, but as long as some groups have a right to self-determination, then every group has a Right. Yep. It's that simple. Yes. And if there's a special carve out where one group doesn't have a Right, you have to explain to me why that group doesn't have that. Right. Yeah, absolutely. Is that fair? No, it's absolutely fair. Well, I think South Africa is, is a a what? I Mean, what the hell is, why are we playing along with this nonsense? Yeah. It's this, this narrative has become this massive stream that is turned into rapids on a river that just pulls everyone along. And that this narrative just says, if you are white, then there's inherently something wrong with you.


It doesn't make any sense. And it's leading toward a really bad conclusion, obviously, as it, as it has for every other group targeted in this way has really suffered in a bi, And there are a lot of 'em. Okay. It's not, you know, there are a lot of them. Yep. And it never ends up well, and I just don't know why we're playing along where we're, you're not even allowed to say, oh, you haven't been, I don't care anymore, obviously. But again, either every group has right to self-determination or no group does. You can't have this system where, you know, some groups do, or all groups do, but one, no, no, no. It's all or nothing on this. Yeah. Well, well, I, I can gu tell me how I'm wrong. No, well, I can guarantee you that, that when I get back home, I'm gonna be in a lot of trouble for this interview.


It's, well, I don't know why though. I mean, like, what's the, what's the counter argument? I don't, I don't really get it. Like, what is the counter argument? The there's only one group on the entire face of the planet that doesn't have the right, that every other group has. Like, tell me how it's, It's, it's, it's, it's really resolved. No, I mean, like, Let's say maybe there's a good answer. I'm waiting for It. No, well, we don't know what the answer is, so There is no answer. And so, because there is no answer the way that uniformity is maintained, it's just through threats, like, shut up. Yep. You're a bad person for saying that you're a Nazi. It's like, no, no, no. I hate the Nazis. I'm gonna speak for myself. Yeah. I hate the Nazis. Of course. I hate the idea that people are attacked for something they can't control, like how they're born. Yep. They're genetics. I just don't believe in that. I never will. I'm a Christian. I don't believe in it.


So You can call me whatever you want. I'm actually making the opposite case, and I haven't done anything to be ashamed of, and if defending the right of people not to be murdered because of how they were born is a crime, then I'll plead to it. Yep. But I actually think that the only thing that people currently in charge of most of the world, certainly of The West are good at, is seizing the moral high ground. And they don't deserve it. They haven't earned it. They're rotten. Their ideas are rotten. And they don't deserve to lecture the rest of us about our moral inferiority while they're endorsing the murder of people for how they were born. Yep. Sorry, it's A house of cards. Yeah. So, So this is a house of cards. That's exactly right. Yeah.


It's, it's built and it's, it's a very shining house of cards and it's very proud of its accomplishments, but it's not sustainable. So, so South Africa has been a victim of western imperialism. I'm aware in many ways in ideologically, currently ideologically imperialism. But also, but, and this is interesting, the a NC that's governing South Africa today was founded just after the unionization of South Africa in 1910. And they said that this, this was one of the major triggers that sparked us to start this movement. And the unionization was after the World War be, before the Union. South Africa was a, a variety of different republics and colonies Yes. Governing themselves.


And unionization effectively meant that all of these different subsidiary authorities were combined into one big South Africa as we know it today. The borders of South Africa were actually drawn pretty much by the British in, in 1910. And the a NC were vehemently opposed. They Have a long history of border drawing. I know this, You see this when you have these completely Straight borders. And, you know, that's, that's artificial. But, and so the borders we have for South Africa today was a product of Western imperialism. And now those in power would love very much like to maintain these borders because they have control. And, and so if we are truly anti-colonialism and anti-imperialist, we should, we should return to position where people govern themselves.


We should rethink the borders. You'll never be allowed to do that. I mean, let's just cut right to the, the no BS part of this that will not be allowed. It's never been allowed. Mm. You will need either to get to force, which I pray you don't, because I hate that. I hate killing. Or you will need the assistance of a powerful outside force, that force that makes it happen. That's just a fact. Is that fair to say? Yeah. No, I think it's fair to say. I mean, Right. So anyone who says, I want to kill you, you know, kill the boar, you're subhuman. Those are not people who are gonna say, yeah, yeah, go ahead and create your own independent state and not bother anybody, because you're gonna be way more successful and prosperous than they are, and they're gonna hate you on the base of envy.


Of course, that's already happening. And we have to ask them nicely to make certain concessions towards Us. Right. No, I get it's not gonna happen. So, so what is your plan? Well, I think the, the plan is to, to firstly to be well organized communities in, to have a very strong sense of community, a sense of pride in who we are to remain Christian and have a strong faith, strong family ties and so forth. That's where it starts. And then other than that, the second step, you might say, the plan is to, to just create certain realities on ground level. So it's one thing to say, you know, we want more authority or more self-determination, but you have to, in a sense, create that so that what you have created can be recognized.


It's, there's no point in saying, well, you guys can have your own place, but that place doesn't exist. So, so I think, I think what the African art people need to do is, is in a large, to a large extent, build their own self-determination. And I think that that's what we, what we intend to do. But it would help a lot if we can get recognition for this pursuit as a legitimate pursuit. So you don't think, I, I sort of just didn't ask you to pause. I should have you began this segment of the conversation by saying the current scheme, the current arrangement is not gonna work. Yep. I think most people, certainly I as an outsider, instinctively kind of want it to work. Well, it's a good story. It sounds like a good story.


It's a good story. Yeah, it is. I mean, I, I'll admit to being kind of a dope liberal in some ways, I really prefer the idea of, you know, people living together in harmony. It's just, I just feel that way. I can't help it. That's my enlightenment legacy or something. I also think you should deal with reality. And I definitely don't think you should be allowed to kill people 'cause of the way they look, period. So, by the way, how did these people, why did they go on tv? Like they're on the right side. They're like endorsing genocide. Like I don't under, I don't understand how they've been allowed to get away with being on Winnie Mandela's side and feeling self-righteous. I just don't get that. I think it's disgusting. Whatever I said that five times, I can't say it enough, but how do you know it won't work?


Like a NC obviously is a criminal gang, totally incompetent. You don't have electricity all the time. Like it's not working. They're just stealing everything. Got it. Stealing the copper outta the wires. But there's not another political coalition that could run it effectively. No. So, so you mentioned electricity in Johannesburg. The mayor just a few days ago announced that people should just wait seven days and then they will have water. So, so it's not just an electricity problem, there's a water problem as well. There's a water problem. You can have a food problem at some point. Well, if the farmers are targeted, yes. So, so there are many reasons why it's not working and why it won't work. And, well, everything You can think of points to that direction. One is just the data, as I said.


Like You can look at the levels of how crime is increasing, how unemployment is increasing, how government service delivery is increasingly failing. Everything, everything. I, I honestly, health, how health is, is deteriorating everything except tax collection. That's one aspect of it. The another aspect of it is just the extent to which people in South Africa are turning their back on politics. There's this political vacuum in South Africa, and You can see it, for example, with the extent to which people have stopped voting, how voters turnout has dropped significantly in elections. People just don't, aren't interested. They vote reluctantly, those who do. So that's one aspect of it. Interesting. E even So why do you Think they, because they feel hopeless, Because they feel that political establishment is completely disconnected.


They, they don't, it doesn't resonate with them. They, they don't, people vote for parties. Even those, they don't really like them, but they think this is, of all the parties, I don't like any of them, but this one is the least bad, so I'll vote for that one. So there's a complete disconnect between the politicians or the political elite in South Africa, even the opposition parties and, and the people. And so there's this political vacuum that has developed, and this vacuum is filled as my friend Aaron Stone sale in South Africa says either by the good guys or the bad guys. It's filled by the bad guys in terms of organized crime. So we have these mafias and gangs coming to the fore with significant power and to such an extent that the government is afraid of them, or it can be full.


Well, that is the story globally, isn't it? Yeah. Well, yeah. I think it is. Yeah. So the drug cartels are one of the most powerful governments in the world, or they're not even in government. It's, It's incredible. Yeah. So we have a construction mafia, for example. If you, if you build a shopping center, the construction mafia turns up And they tell you, you need to employ our people or else we're gonna sabotage your building and, and know stuff like that. And it's, it's a regular thing And you can't fight them. No, you can't, you, you can't fight them. And, but the vacuum can be filled by the good guys. And that's well organized. Communities who, who take control of what is important to them. And so the future is very, and that's what analysts and scenario analysts and so forth have been saying that the future is one of deterioration where you will have communities who are, who will be much worse off than they are today because of the bad guys filling the void.


And you might have flourishing communities because of good guys filling the void. And, and so that's another reason. But I think the most important fundamental underlying reason why it's not sustainable is it's a political system that is detached from the reality in South Africa. The reality is the distance from Cape Town, the south to the north of South Africa is the distance from Rome to London. So it's, it's a big country, number one, but it's not homogenous by any means. It's very diverse. Yes. 11 official languages. Right. It's not just, just to restate, it's not just black and white at all. No, no, no, no, no. It's certainly not. There's this Indian community, there's what we call colored community in South Africa. And there are various different tribes, you could say, or or cultural communities within, among black South Africans and among white South Africans.


So it's very diverse, different languages, different cultures. There's a in and, and now we have this political system that just says you have individual rights. And, and in some ways the constitution, oh, Even those, it was very much celebrated when it was adopted. It was called The best constitution in the world, and the most liberal, most Democratic and so forth. The Constitution says It guarantees everything, but you get nothing. Yeah, Exactly. That's exactly. So we have what they call third generation rights, first, second, and third. It's a very vast network of rights that you have in theory. And, but, but then the question is, so there's this idea that the highest authority is the constitution, but it's not possible for a written document to have the highest authority.


The highest authority is with the person who gets to interpret it. So, so, so Boy is that true sin. So for example, section 25 of the Constitution in South Africa, which the government is trying to change, it's the private property rights clause. They want to change it, but currently it says the government can appropriate your property if it's in the public interest. Now, if you ask me as a westerner, when is it in public interest to expropriate property, it would be something like they have to build a big highway, or maybe there's a military emergency or something like that. If you ask one of, if you ask a judge who is founded in this ideology we've just spoken of, they would say it's in the public interest for white people not to own land.


So, so it's, it's a question of interpretation. You can have a wonderful document, but it boils down to how do you interpret it. And so, and that's why I'm saying it's, it's not compatible with, with realities on ground level. And you know, we can, And there, there've been many law fair in South Africa. Many, many, many. South Africa's a very good example of political court cases. And we've won many. And we've lost many. But it's, it's, it's, it's a, it's a ship that he's sinking. That's the fact. Well, and it all seems fake. I mean, it seems like, and I, again, one of the reasons I'm so fascinated by your country is I think it's, it's on a trajectory that I recognize as an American. So you have these legacy institutions that sort of go through kabuki of dispensing justice, but it's not justice, actually.


It's totally disconnected from justice, doesn't mean anything. Yes. And you, you have this constitution, which is beautiful, which is, you know, ignored. The only power resides in the people who interpret it. Yes. As you said. Yep. And so then you reach kind of the end point, or the most recent endpoint, which is the idea that whites can't own land. Can you explain this? Yeah. So, so they have been trying to change the South African constitution, the property rights clause, to empower the government to expropriate private property without compensation. That's the buzzword. It's Just, just steal the land. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's, well they call it EWC, it's expropriation without compensation, but it's confiscation of property. That's what it is. Well, how is expropriation without compensation different from stealing? No, exactly.


But It's just shoplifting. I mean, what it's just, It's, it's flabbergasting to see the extent to which again, academics and analysts and journalists are rushing to the defense of the South African government In South Africa. There. Yes. So Here, here's one of the many bizarre things that they would say. They would say, this is all a lie. You guys are lying. It's not expropriation without compensation. It's expropriation with compensation. But compensation can be null. So it can be zero compensation. So it's not happening, but it's a good thing then. It is. Yeah. That's it. That's as always. Right. And, and so the, The president has just signed the expropriation bull in South Africa, which is now, which they now all He Signed it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So, so, and, and, and so then there's still an attempt to change the constitution.


And there's now a new bull in, in, in process. It was just announced, I think a week ago, that they want to pass through parliament that says that 80% of that's what it boils down to, that 80% of land or property in South Africa must be owned by black people. So, because it said it must be racially representative. And so I, I want to tell you a quick story about this. 'cause it sort of highlights the ideology. I, I was at a land summit in South Africa, and I spokesperson for the Department of Land Reform spoke. And it was very clear from his speech that the problem is white people owning land. It was a racial thing. It was very clear, but it's, it's, it's colored with words like restitution and, and, and correcting historic injustices and so forth.


And so I asked him at this summit, I said, so give, here's an example and how, what would the government's position beyond this? The example is a white guy owns a farm, the government takes it from him to correct historic injustices, And they give it to a black guy, and it's a black farmer. And maybe a year or two down the line, this black farmer decides he doesn't want to be a farmer anymore. He wants to sell his land, and the buyer is white, and now there's a white farmer again. What, what's the government's position on this? And the spokesperson for the department says, in that case, the correction of the injustice has been reversed. It's, it's completely bizarre. And then, well, We've, what's interesting is we've seen this exact movie frame by frame right next door in Zimbabwe, formerly Rhodesia, which was one of the most prosperous countries in Africa, one of the big tobacco producers in Africa.


It's a, it's very sad what happened to that country. Well, It's shocking. Shocking. But it's, again, it's, you know, like organized government sponsored racism doesn't work. And I don't care how often the New York Times defends it, it's always the same. And that is like right next door to you, and you have a refugee crisis in your country because of it. Mm. And well, our, Our government are ruling. So what do they say to that? No, they, they say that Robert Mugabe is a hero and that z pf the the Party, his party, yeah. Yaya is, is a good party. And it's, it's a liberation force, and we respect them. Okay. So Again, no one wants to use the term, but this is, this is genocide. I mean, that's what that is.


It's like targeting a group of people for extinction elimination on the basis of immutable characteristics. Like, I don't know what, is there another genocide, genocide definition I'm not aware of? Well, you, you, I think, I think You can say there are threats, threats of that happening. I, there's not a genocide happening inside. No, I'm not saying there is. I'm saying that's where it's going. Like what's the other end point here? Well, well, Yes, you're not human. You can't own land. You should be killed. What am I missing? Yes. And, and yeah, if you own land by definition, that's illegitimate, regardless of whether you bought the land. It doesn't matter how you got the land. The fact because of Your race. 'cause of your race, yes. Okay. If we can't say that's wrong, then you know anyone who can't say that's wrong. Anyone who makes excuses for that is a dangerous person.


I don't know one else to say. Put another group in there. I don't care what group it is. So, so the a NC in South Africa wanted to, they have this process of name changes. And by the way, the targeting of statues came from South Africa. Of course it's happening in America. Of course it started in South Africa, you know, burning down statues and so forth. So, and they've had this long process of name changes. And, and one thing they wanted to, to change the street in which the US embassy is in South Africa to fiddle Ka Avenue. That's one story. The other one is they wanted to change one of the main streets in Pretoria to name it after Maung. And then some of the opposition party said, are you crazy? Do you know what Maung did? And the response was, remember, Mao was never convicted of any crime.


So I say it does seem not only like one of the worst governments in the world, but one of the dumbest also. Well, I, I, so I, I think, I think this part, there's some explanation as to why the South African government has gone so off the rails and it's that they've gotten a free pass for decades. Yeah, that's Right. 'cause of this narrative they could do and say whatever they want. They've got no criticism or very little criticism. I know. Or very careful criticism. And that's why I think they, they, they've gone so ballistic after the recent comments by Trump and people like Elon Musk and so out. Oh, have they? I'm, I'm sorry. I don't, I don't follow it that closely. Have they, those comments were noticed in South Africa? Oh Yeah, absolutely.


Yeah. It's, it's, it's the biggest story in South Africa at the moment. Really? And what are they saying? Well, they're saying that we've, the organizations that I was involved with at the time have committed treason. They, we've been charged for treason. You've Been charged with treason. Yeah. For What? For speaking. Well, among others, for me, speaking with you about what's happening in South Africa, that treason Yeah, because it's bad mouthing your country. That's, that's the argument. Damn. So I don't know if it's it, it was this one of the opposition parties who followed charges. I wanted to go To Cape Town for Christmas just on vacation. I didn't have time in the end. But you'll Have to put on shade Probably. I probably shouldn't go. Is that what you're saying? No, no. You should come to South Africa. No, you should definitely come. It's funny.


I don't know if there's gonna much is will come from the trees and charges, but that's certainly the action. But you've been charged with trees. Yeah, They were, they were official complaints filed at the police. Yes, yes. What's the penalty for treason in South Africa? It would be imprisonment. We don't have the death. We don't have the death penalty. No, they just just necklace you. It's informal. Well, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm honestly, seriously, I'm more concerned if, if the questions about safety, about mob justice in South Africa than, than the actual government coming off to you. Of course. So what does that look like? Well, we, we have, we, I think you reported on this in 20 2021, I think, when there was this massive riots in South Africa when they just In Durban.


In Durban. And then it, I remember that, yeah. It Sort of spilled out to halting to Johannesburg to a less ex extent. And it's just people, it's almost like, you know, smelling blood and becoming extremely violent and so forth. Oh yeah. And then people join in by the thousands. I've, I've seen that with my own eyes a a couple of times. Yeah. It's really scary. So someone friend from Europe once asked me, are you not afraid that the government's gonna come to your house and take your stuff? And and my honest answer is not that much. I'm more concerned about a mob showing up at My house. So then what do you do? Well, if, if you are alone, you can't do anything. If you're a well-functioning, well organized community, then the community, You can call people on the radio. You can, You can get the community to take a stance.


And I think, I think that's one of the things. So You don't get lynched. Yes. You got a lot of lynchings and stuff. I mean, that's again, added to the irony file. I mean, south Africa's like the world capital of lynching. Yes, yes. Oh, I noticed. Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's not so much white people who are targeted, I'm aware. No, of blacks. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. That, that certainly it has happened in the previous dispensation. It's still happening to an extinct, not as much as in the past, but people know that it's still happening and To people accused of crimes and Yeah. And it's partly due to the fact that the police is absent. Right. So especially in townships, someone is a rapist and the police doesn't show up, doesn't do anything, and then the local community just deals with him. That type of thing happens in some, in A very brutal way.


Yes, yes. Yeah, it does happen in a brutal way. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I've noticed like pretty shocking. Like almost like I wouldn't want to describe it Yeah. On camera. Yeah. I mentioned the Nicholas murders before. So we, yeah, we have that. And it's the same with the xenophobic violence. It's, it's very unfortunate. And, and if we had a well-functioning police service, maybe that would've helped. But we don't, so, so in South Africa, the, we can check the numbers. I'm pretty sure the private security sphere in South Africa is almost as big as private security in America. But America is much larger. Private security in South Africa is more than double the police and the Army combined, if you add the police and the army up together, and you multiply it by two private securities, the amount of private security officers in South Africa or security guards is, is, is, Do you have the right of self defense, the right to defend yourself and your family in South Africa?


Yes, we do have the right to self defense. We can own firearms, although it's not as easy as in America. Yes. But You can, You can do that. And You can get arms in, especially through a private security company. You can, there's some room to make sure that You can protect yourself And does it work? Yes. Yes. In terms of the farm murders, we've seen that statistically that, that in communities where areas or communities where people are well organized, where they have radios, where they drive patrols, where they are trained, there's a decrease in far murders. You, You can clearly see that actually in the last few years, the far murder numbers has have, have come down a bit. And it's not because, because the, the incitement has gotten better.


It's not because the police is more efficient. It's because local communities have become much more involved with their own safety. And, and so that's certainly one of the most important building blocks of the Solution. So what, now that The president, I'm using air quotes again around president. I mean, the whole system is fake. Obviously. It doesn't affect justice, it doesn't improve the lives of its citizens. It's a no sense illegitimate government. And by the way, it's not the only illegitimate government in the world. But, but anyway, what happens when they try, the government tries to put this law into effect to try to act on it. You know, the government shows up. Your house is, you can't, you know, you've lived in the same plot for a hundred years.


You can't have it 'cause you're white. We're taking it. Like, what Ha do people comply? No, no. People won't comply. No, we, I mean that's partly why I told this story at the beginning is the Afri people and the farmers are very stubborn. This, in Afri we say hard hardheaded. So this idea, well, farmers, You have to be stubborn to be a farmer in the first place. Yes. And especially a farmer where Have equity, I mean, it's easier. Yes, Exactly. Yeah. So it's, it's, it's a common trope among farmers to say that I would rather die on my farm than to hand it over to the government. And, and so I think if they really try to act on it, which they haven't tried. They are, they are land invasions in South Africa, but it's not so much the government, it's mobs and gangs and so forth invading people's land.


But if they really try to act on these attempts at exp appropriation, there's going to be a massive backlash. And that's, there's no doubt. So what they would say is, this is actually what the government says that, that we need to do what happened in Zimbabwe, but without violence. But that, that's how they would argue it. And they Actually say, we need to do what happened in Zimbabwe. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. But this time without violence, That's one the worst crimes of my lifetime. Yeah. Well they they say it publicly. Yeah. You can find it online. And, and so the, the argument is, but, but we are, we are gonna do it a bit better. We are gonna do it without violence. But what that means is we are gonna do what happened in Zimbabwe and you are not going to resist. That's what it means.


But obviously people will resist when they try to do that. There's, there's no doubt about it. But I do think the government is very incompetent. You know, they have these very radical ideas. I I don't know if they have the competency, competency to actually go through. That's, That's the up upside. I lived in Washington DC almost my whole life, and that was absolutely true there. You know, the government make all these local government, make all these threatening noises, do this, do that, do the other thing. It's against the law to do this, whatever. And you just kind of ignore, people just ignored it. And So there are, there are some business organizations in South Africa who now use the term maximum appropriate non-compliance. That's what they encourage private companies to do.


So it's, it's a form of civil disobedience. It's with all these BEE that's these black empowerment laws. Oh yeah. To just say, we are just not going to Comply. I know someone who had a thriving business, he built himself in South Africa, and the government showed up and said, you're handing half your business to your new partner who didn't do anything. It would just show up and collect the money. And it's just, they stole half his business because it's all theft. I mean, it doesn't, I noticed that like black South Africans haven't gotten richer in the last 30 years. No, No, no. And the government owns the land, most of the land that they exp appropriate. Right. They don't give it to people, it goes to the government. So if you, the government People say no, like, how about No. Yeah. Like you have no legitimacy and you haven't been here any longer than I've been here. And you have, I mean, and I have guns too.


So like, I'm not participating. How's that? Yeah. Well, civil disobedience can be a wonderful thing. And we've had some examples of successful civil disobedience campaigns in South Africa where the government had these, they call it a EOL system. It's like a big tax system on the highways that just, it's an electronic tax toll system that, but people just buy the thousands, tens of thousands or hundreds of thousands just refuse to, to comply to get the tags and so forth. And eventually they had to stop it because Even those, it was law people just didn't do it. And the same with Covid. Covid was a good example. The the lot. I love that. We've had a bizarre covid. I mean, everyone has had a bizarre covid. So we had these strange laws, like you can't buy flip flops during covid. Those Are deadly.


Yeah. Yeah. And you cannot buy shorts. All the you and stuff, you cannot buy cooked chicken. We had these really, really bizarre covid laws. It's a crime to buy cooked chicken or to sell cooked chicken during covid. And, and so people just, people just said, well, we don't care. We just gonna do what we want. And, and so there was a massive civil disobedience phenomenon in South Africa during the covid lockdown. And so I think people have learned, and the government couldn't do anything about it. I think people have learned that and, and that, that You can actually do a lot if you just don't comply with these completely ridiculous, irrational laws. That sounds, I mean, I, I don't live in South Africa, but again, I have lived in Washington DC so that sounds totally right to me.


I wonder though about what you said as when we first started talking about this, about the, the mob justice. Mm. That does sound scary to me. I think that's, that's a bigger threat. What do you do about that? How do you live in a country where, you know, like your neighbors could rise up against you? Yeah. So, so, so we've had some examples of this. It started with the Roads Must Fall movement. The, it was a, oh, the Roads, oh, CIL Roads Road, cil John Roads. Yeah. So this one guy defecated on Cecil John Roads a statue at, was it UCT? What university was it? In, in, in Cape Town. And then they started this movement. He Defecated on It. Yeah. Yeah.


That's attractive. Well that, that's kind of, that's kind kind of like the level actually that you're dealing with. Yeah. And they, to shit on it, they started this movement of tearing down statues, which eventually boiled over to America. And that's how it got to America. It started in, in, and it boiled out over to Europe and so forth. But it started with that, this targeting of statues. I think it was 2012 or something. It was, yeah, maybe before that even. And it became a mob. And, And they, they, they wore t-shirts with slogans like kill the whites, like on the T-shirts. And, and it became very violent and very overtly racist. And it was students running around just, you know, setting things on fire, burning down buildings and, and stuff like that.


So that, that is a real threat. And then later we had the fees must fall movement, that was university students demanding that education must be free, you shouldn't pay to go to university. And it was the same thing. And now we've had these, more recently we've had political parties sort of taken up that thing, the skill, the boah and so forth. And so I honestly think in South Africa, the threat of mob violence is, is a bigger threat than the government. Of course it is. Of course it is. And you know, that's where you get killed in situations like that. I think. So what do you, I mean, you have to be pretty well organized, pretty well armed. Well, the, the, the thing is, there's no silver bullet.


There's no one thing that we can do to make sure that we're equipped to withstand that. But if there is a silver bullet, it would be, or the closest to it, it would be what I mentioned earlier, is well organized communities. Communities that have a sense of community that, that recognize that you have a sense of responsibility not just towards yourself and your own family, but towards your community. And that you have some form of a communal identity that is under threat, that is being targeted. And you have to protect yourself. You have to fulfill a bunch of functions that the government is not fulfilling. Even those, you're paying them to do it. They're not doing it. So you have to look after your own safety. You need to have a gun, you need to have a bulletproof vest.


You need to have, or, or if you don't, then at least a significant amount of people in your, in your community must esp especially those who are more interested in this type of thing. You need to be well organized. You need to be prepared If something bad happens in your community, if the mob comes, if they sit the shopping mall on fire, or if they come for people's houses, that in a very short timeframe You can get a whole bunch of people mobilized to protect their community. And, and with these riots in 2021, that was a good case study because some communities were completely unprepared And they were virtually destroyed. And some communities were very well prepared. And when the mobs arrived, there was a bunch of people with guns waiting for them. And They, well, I saw video of the South Asian communities in Turban.


Oh yes, they're big, south Asian, big Indian. Yes, yes. Community there. And I don't know if this is represented, but the videos I saw, man, they were not putting up with it at all. Yeah. They were very well armed. Yes. Yeah. It was like some heroic Indians out there. Yeah. There Was one, I think some guy with something that looked like a mini gun on the back of a pickup truck. I dunno where they got that, but I don't know. But that's, that's an example. It was another example. It's actually, you know, these videos are all out of context. I'm not in been wearing this, but I just, they That's true. We have, we got some Brave Indians in Yes, We do. We have some Brave Indians. We do. But, and, And there were, there were other examples. One was a, the mob was approaching a town and the people were waiting for them on a bridge.


And then they got there, they just couldn't enter because the people had just cordoned off their own town, their own village or, or community. And they weren't able to enter. So we've had some case studies of this, it, it, south Africa's a fascinating case study for a lot of things. It certainly is. It certainly is. Ca Can I just ask like a dumb question? A childish question, why, if I'm the government of South Africa, it's like, why are you going after productive people for one thing, the most productive, and that would include the Indians, the africaners, by the way, some of the black African immigrants Yes. The Zimbabweans, like these are like, are some of the most productive people. I'm like, why not just live in harmony, actually, so would wouldn't it be better for everybody?


Of course, Of course. It would be better. I I think it's because they have, when they took power in 1994, they explicitly said, we are not a political party. We are not a government in terms of what people think a government should be. We are a elaboration movement committed to the promotion of socialism and committed to the promotion of black nationalism. And, and that's, that's their ideology. They said that in 94. Yeah. Yeah. They even said that before 94, they published it. So It's just, I know I'm going back to the same themes. I'm getting older, sorry. But like, no, but I mean, I actually did know that because as I said, I, I've always been interested and I knew people there, but nobody in the American press mentioned that. Not one person.


Yeah. There's a well-known book that was an international bestseller, MIT Trait's Heart by a guy called Ian Milan. It's sort of his autobiography. I've I've heard it. Oh yeah, yeah. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. And, and so there's one section in that book. I know Rihanna, I know the author. He's a great guy. But in the book he writes about, So he's in English. I dunno if he wrote an Aans originally, but it's a beautifully written book. It's It's very well written. He a very nice writer. He speaks like he writes as well. Oh, he does? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So, so there's one part in the book where he talks about picking up the New York Times, and I'm, I'm sort of saying this from memory, from reading the book, but broadly speaking, what he says is he picks up the New York Times in, I don't know, 1992 or something in, in New York or wherever.


And there's two stories next on the same page. The one is about the A NC and Nelson Mandela coming to save South Africa. And then the other story is a somewhat smaller story about a guy being necklace in a local community. Yeah. A guy being viciously attacked and killed. And so he writes in that book that what what concerned him was that the New York Times was not able to connect these two stories to each other. Yes. They didn't recognize that it's part of the same story. It's, it's presented as two completely different stories. I think they knew exactly. I think it was very obvious. So I was 25 in 1994, and it was very obvious to me. And that, you know, I don't think I have any special powers of insight.


I think you would have to be lying to yourself or lying to your audience not to acknowledge it. And by the way, 1994, that's less than 20 years after the K Rouge took power in Na pen in Cambodia. That was, while the Rwandan genocide was happening. It Was the same year as the Rand it was later that year. The rand The same month even the, the, the, the, the election at least was In July, April, may, may, May, 2004. Right, right. Yeah. Yeah. I I remember them both very well. And I knew people in both places at the time. Yeah. But I remember thinking, you know, obviously what happened in Kigali is way more in Rwanda is way worse than anything's happened in, in Yep. South Africa, thank God.


But I, bottom line, when bad people with bad motives stated publicly take power, it's not good. Yeah. So like, I don't know. That's not hard. Well, there's a story from Rwanda that one that I keep mentioning in, in the same, the same time. I think Linda Melvin wrote a book called Conspiracy to Murder, which is about, I think she lived in Rwanda, and she's a journalist and she wrote about the what happened, and she writes about a meeting, or it must have been a party in Washington between American diplomats and government officials from Rwanda in the run-up, I think to the genocide. And, and it was just a big celebration. And everyone was happy because Rwanda was in the process of becoming a democracy.


And then afterwards, someone asked one of the Americans, but did you not know what was happening in Rwanda? That they were on the verge of committing genocide? And he said, the, the American diplomat said, yes, we knew, but we were so excited about democracy. Right. And Rwanda becoming a democracy. We didn't want to spoil the mood by confronting them. Well that, That sounds like an American diplomat. Yeah. Wow. That's, So, so that's very, very alarming, this idea of being so excited about a potential idea that you are not willing to confront the realities that that's happening or that could potentially unfold Or being unwilling to clearly define your terms. Like what is democracy actually?


Yeah. Well that's, I think that's an underlying, It's an underlying problem. Yeah. Right. It's, and it's a problem that's only surfaced in this country in The last couple years. Can I give you example of that from, I hope you'll, from the South African perspective. So I mentioned the name changes, it's a big thing in South Africa. I'm sure that'll fix your problem. Will that bring the electricity and water back? No, obviously. So there's a town called Amanza Toti, which is on the, the, the east coast of South Africa. The main street was named Kingsway. They changed it to Andrew Zodu Street. Now Andrew Zodu is really only known for one thing. He was a member of the A NC Youth League, and I believe it was 1985, he planted a bomb in a shopping center. And he killed I think five people, an injured footy.


All of the people who were killed were women and children. That's the only thing he did. And he was a member of the a NC Youth League, the a NC regards that event as a, something that they claim as, as a, an act of heroism. So the name, the main street after him. And so there are people in that town who drive to work in a street named after the person who killed their children. And now they would say that they need to do these name changes to make sure that they get rid of offensive names. Offensive names are Afrikaans names or names linked to South Africa's past. And so I was at an, again, a, a summit where this was discussed. And I, I mentioned this. I said, so you, you say then in Pretoria, church Street is an offensive name and has to be changed in Amanza Toti, you change King's way to Andrew Du.


And I tell this story and I said, so who decides if it's if it's offensive or not? And the guy said, oh, well that's easy. The majority decides. And so, but it's not even the majority, it's just the government, the government decides because they believe they are the majority. So we have these extremely offensive things happening under the banner of convict. Well, They're murderous. I mean, again, I just, yeah, I I think it's, the picture is really, really clear, you know? Yeah. It's, it couldn't be clearer. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. So how do you, you're staying? Yeah, no, definitely. Yeah. We'll stay, You guys must love your country. Yeah, we really do. I mean, in South Africa, everyone who's been to South Africa would say it's an incredibly beautiful country and it truly is.


And it's a country that unfortunately has suffered so much under this current government and has suffered so much in the past. One of our Afrikaans philosophers, a man named in Pia Van Vlo, wrote, I think in the 1930s or something, that you love a people not so much for their accomplishments as for the hardships that they've had to endure. That's right. And, and I think that's true for South Africa. South Africa has endured many hardships. And also for our people, the African art people, as with many other people all over the world, have endured many hardships. And it's through these hardships and remaining maintaining our sense of identity that we really love our history and our tradition and our culture.


Well, You came in the first place because you were an oppressed minority, correct? Yep. The I know the French did. Yes, The French jus Yes, yes. Yeah. It was the fleeing the religious wars in Europe. Of course, they were getting killed. Yes. In big numbers. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It, it's, that's how, that's, that's part of our origin story, how we came to Well, it's Also factually true. Yeah, absolutely. It's part of history. I mean, it's not a myth. It's real. Yes, Yes. Absolutely. Yeah. So do you think, I don't know what the resolution will be, and I'm certainly rooting for all South Africans of every color, of course, but fervently. But I gotta think that being able to say certain obvious truths out loud helps. Yes.


Do you think It, well, the problem is if you do that, you really, you get bashed quite aggressively. Yeah. But like compared to what Yeah, No, it, It just said, we're taking your land. 'cause your skin color is so white. Well, the alternative is worse. It's just living the lie. It's, it's, it's much worse than getting bashed for, for telling the truth. Can I, can I tell you a, a quick story or a quick reference about courage? Of course. So it's somewhat philosophical, but I'll, I'll make it practical. So this year he's on his way back from the Trojan War and, And he has all these hardships And he is trying to get home And he gets told that the only way for him to get home is to, to face Scala and corrupt. This skill is this six headed sea monster.


And Corers is a monstrous whirlpool that swallows ship's hole. And the only way for him to get home is he has to navigate through these two monsters, which he eventually does. He decides it's better for him to move, to sail his ship closer to Sclar, the mon, the sea monster than the whirlpool. And a whole lot of his people die, but he reaches his destination. And so Aristotle writes about this in, in the Nico Mian ethics. And he talks about, when he talks about the golden mean, And he says, any virtue is about finding the balance between having excess of it and having a deficiency of it. And, and so this goes to courage, and courage is a good example. If you have excess courage, you become reckless. Yes. And if you have a deficiency, then you are a coward.


And so the, the, the point of having courage is finding the balance between coward and recklessness. And what's great about the story of Odysseus is Odysseus discovers that he cannot simply go exactly in the middle between the two. He has to be closer to the one threat than to the other. Because if He goes too close to the whirlpool, he's all ship kits swallowed up. And so the point here in Aristotle see this as well, it's not to find the exact middle point, it's to find the appropriate balance between the two extremes. And so the one extreme is recklessness, and the other extreme is, is cowardice. And, and I honestly think in the situation we are in, it's better to err on the side of being too bold than to err on the side of having not enough courage or trying to find some form of solution through appeasement.


And, and so we make mistakes in the process, and I'm, and you know, sometimes you say something wrong or you do something wrong, but, but I'm very much convinced that if we, if, if we, if we're on this course and we try to pursue what we are trying to pursue, rather err on the side of having too much boldness and too much courage and facing the consequences than having to face the consequences of having a lack of, of courage. I love that. I gotta say in a lifetime of travel, the two, if I could just generalize the two most impressive groups I meet e everywhere, my whole life around the world, both groups living in exile in large numbers are the South Africans and the Lebanese. Oh, really? Yes.


Yes. I've never met one of either group I didn't like and didn't admire. I don't think I've met one in either group. And the thing that they have in common is they live in beautiful, volatile countries that they really love, but they're very hard to live in. Yes. And so they're, they're caught between that tension, you know, cowardice and recklessness, and they're making that calculation every single day. And they're, they're living so thoughtfully and so purposefully and in such a, I don't know, just a admirable, noble way. I just noticed that. Well, I, I appreciate the, the comment. Yeah. Let's Try just an observation, but I've thought about it many times. Last question. What, where can people who have made it this far into the interview and are, and are interested in what's happening in your country and happening to, to your group, how can they follow it?


How can they be helpful? How can they learn more and be supportive? Well, I think there are many ways. The one ways is just to follow what's happening in South Africa and speak about it. Yes. Because we've had this incredible marriage of, of communications coming, just telling us again how wrong we are. You know, this narrative is this zeitgeist in a certain sense. It's, it's really like a monster that you have to fight this, you know, that you're not allowed to say, speak certain truths. Even those, the truths are self-evident. So I think one thing is if people just can help spread the message, help take some interest in South Africa, because what's happening in South Africa is also of interest to the rest of the world. I think it is in, in many ways, South Africa is the future of the western world.


I know. In terms of the problem and the solution. I, I think so. So that's one. And then the other is there really are some institutions in South Africa who are really focused on, on building community based solutions. And I think if people can, can identify these institutions and, and support these institutions, it, it really would help. And I think in terms of the US government, if the US government is, is willing to do something, as it seems that they are, I think the most important thing that they could do is a combination of pressuring the South African government from away from these destructive policies, but also supporting communities, local communities or minority communities or nations, you should say, who are committed to finding some form of self-determination.


Amen. Well, Godspeed much Thank you. I hope very much. I hope to see you again. I hope you you'll come Back. Oh, Thank you. I, I hope so too. And then I have to Thank you for, not just for this interview, but also for the, the focus you've been putting on South Africa in the past. It, it was really Well just so, it's just so interesting and it reveals so much about us. I'm American and it reveals a lot about our leadership class and I'm, and I think it's important to say it. Yeah. Thank you. Well, Thank you very much. We wanna Thank you for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day. We know the people who run it. Good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bell so you never miss an episode. We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter.


Telling the truth. Always, you'll not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell. We appreciate it. Thanks for watching.