
You know that one friend who somehow knows everything about money. Yeah. Now imagine they live in your phone. Say, Hey, to experience your big financial friend, it's the app that helps you check your FICO score. Find ways to save and basically feel like a financial genius. And guess what? It's totally free. So go on, download the Experian app. Trust me. Having a BFF like this is a total game changer.


Five years ago this summer, George Floyd, a convicted felon, OD'ed on fentanyl outside a convenience store in Minneapolis. And the country changed forever. Five years later, Tim Walls is still the governor. Keith Ellison is still the Attorney General. The cops who were falsely convicted of murdering George Floyd are mostly still in prison. But what happened to Minneapolis itself? Well, it's been wrecked and no one has said a word about it. Liz Collin is one of the only journalists remaining in the state of Minnesota, and she gives us an update on the aftermath of the George Floyd Revolution.


Liz, thank you. Media's died across the country. Newspapers going outta business. They're useless. Local news basically gone. And the hope was always that there would be report responsible people who cared about facts reporting on what's happening at the state level and in cities. And in most places that's not true, but it is true in Minnesota. Thanks to you. So I'm just, I'm grateful that you're filling that void. 'cause we need to know what's happening. I want to start by, because I think you're an expert on like, what is the truth about the assassinations in your state of a couple Democratic lawmakers? Like who is the guy who, like, what is that? I I There's lying around it.


What's the truth? Yeah. Sadly, the chaos really continues in Minnesota. Appreciate, you know, you having me on and, and thank you for your, your kind words about our reporting that we do over at Alpha News. But this all starts on a Saturday. It's Saturday, June 14th, two in the morning, and this shooting spree begins. Vance Belter is the man who is charged now with the assassination of Melissa Hortman and her husband, mark. But what we know is that he first arrives at Senator John Hoffman's home, the home he shares with his wife, Yvette, their adult daughter, happens to be in town during this.


And Belter is dressed as a police officer. He's wearing also a, a latex mask. He has a flashlight, arrives at their door saying, police open up. He's, he's shouting. It's very chaotic. And basically, this is Two in the morning. Two in the morning, man, they open their door to him and he starts shooting. From what we understand, Senator Hoffman is hit multiple times. His wife hit multiple times. His daughter heroically calls 9 1 1, tells the police it's Senator Hoffman. That's been been shot. And this, in a way, I think sends a message to the rest of the surrounding agencies that this could have something to do with legislators or perhaps people are being targeted, you know, to look for this person.


Obviously we know now that Belter stops at two more homes. People who are not home legislators, that are not home. At one point he encounters a police officer in New Hope. That officer actually approaches his vehicle. He is in a vehicle that looks like a, a squad car. An SUV squad car goes so far as to outfit it with police lettering actually on the license plate it says police on, on the license plate, you know, a light bar. All the things you would look for in a squad. This new Hope officer rolls up next to him. He is looking straight ahead and does not, you know, acknowledge the officer at all.


She then rolls her window up and continues on to this lawmaker's home. So there's some questions about, you know, how was he not apprehended in, in that moment? This is when he then continues to the former house speaker, DFL, house Speaker Melissa Horman's home. And they're, at this point, the police catch up to him, the Brooklyn Park Police Department. They're doing a welfare check, basically on the Hortman home saying, you know, she doesn't live that far away. We should go to the speaker, Marita, Melissa Horman's home pretty smart. And they get there, shots ring out. But for, from what we understand between the police and Belter, somehow Belter still gets inside the Hortman home.


Mark is killed. And then they find Melissa's body inside the home as well later on. So The police are there for the shooting. They are. So how did he get away? Still a lot of questions about that. M Like what? I didn't, I'm sorry. I didn't know that. I didn't get that. He goes out a back door from what we understand escapes on foot. 'cause he leaves his police cruiser there on scene. This is where they find out it's Vance Belter. He has utility bills in this vehicle, things that all trace back to him. And he gets back to an address that mysteriously he'd been renting for the last couple years. It's very strange. He shared his home with his wife and five children in Green Isle, Minnesota, which is about an hour outside of Minneapolis.


But yet he was renting this room in Minneapolis where he would stay two or three nights a week from what we understand from the neighbors. And he'd show up at sometimes midnight leave at four or five in the morning. We've been able to, to look a lot at, at his social media and what he's put out there. He was working at some funeral homes. We understand and would keep these strange hours, but neighbors actually thought he was a detective. That's what they thought of him. They thought it was strange that this guy would just show up a couple times a week. He was Working at funeral homes. Right. That's what Doing What he said that he was doing kind of some just disposal of, of bodies he would talk about openly in a, a little college course that we found a, a clip of.


But what's interesting is he ended his employment, from what we understand from these funeral homes himself. Just, you know, more recently it seems that there's perhaps some financial trouble. Before we get into him, can you, can you just play out the rest of the timeline? So he escapes through the back door somehow the police are there when he shoots these two people to death, but they don't get him. He winds up where and how long does it take for them to, to find him? So He goes back to this Minneapolis address. How far is that from the Senior street? It's, it's a walk. I mean, if you're, it's gonna take a take a little while to, to get there. Definitely, you know, five, 10 miles or so to that address.


He then, and we have this all on surveillance camera, we've been able to, to get some surveillance video from, from the neighbors who could see his last movements. He's moving around some of his police cars. At one point a bike appears out of the shed. It's all very strange. But then he walks to a nearby bus stop. And again, according to the charging document, this is where he meets a stranger. He wants to buy an e-bike off of this guy who then offers and says, I actually have a car for sale too. It breaks down a bit, but he buys the, the e-bike and this black Buick from this stranger at the bus stop for $900. This man actually drives him to the bank where he empties his $2,200 he has in his bank account.


This is when the FBI releases surveillance video of him wearing a cowboy hat. This is the last picture they, or the, basically the picture they're releasing to the public to find this guy that morning. But this then leads to the largest manhunt in Minnesota history to find him. He ends up, we know now he'd been texting his wife. He said something along the lines of, dad went to war last night. And also something about not wanting the, the kids to be on the property, because there's gonna be some people that are trigger happy that could be there soon. So that seemed to be an indication he was going back to your Home. He calls himself dad in his text with his wife, right? Yeah. That's freaky. Yeah. And then it sounds like he went back to that address to get money.


There was a large amount of money that was left at the, the home ultimately though, the, the One that he was renting, The actual home that he shared with his wife and children in Green Isle. So he drives back there And then where does he go? He's actually found in a field not far from that home at all at this point. Police had set up around his home. It was pretty obvious he wasn't going to be getting into his house to get this cash. His wife at one point is pulled over shortly after she leaves the, the property and she's found a couple hours from their home with guns, their passports, and about $10,000 in cash.


Where are the Kids in their vehicle? Three children are with her. Some of them are, a couple of them are older. Older kids. And it, it turns out from some of the reporting that's been done now, they, you know, called themselves preppers. They had kind of a plan. It's unclear if the wife was new of what he he did. At, at this point she's been charged. She has not been charged. Correct. Wow. This is crazy. Is even a weirder story than I realized. Okay. So who is he? What do we know about the man who has been charged with these murders? Yeah, this is what's interesting. He grew up in a, a small town in, in Minnesota, in in Sleepy Eye.


His dad was a standout baseball star, a long time baseball. Sleepy Eye is the name of the Sleepy Eye. Minnesota. Yes. So great. I love this country. And he has a lot of people have described him to us as a devout Christian. I don't think you're a Christian if you're capable of this. Clearly it's interesting how the media, you see this happening with this story automatically takes their corners. You have some friend of his that says he is a Trump supporter. So this is how the, the story is painted that this, you know, lunatic Trump supporter goes on this, this rampage. But there's clearly so much more to this.


And that's what bothers me with, with the media. Nobody's willing to really ask these questions.


So the 4th of July is almost here in in honor of that great holiday. Our friends at PureTalk are on a mission to give an allegiance flag the world's highest quality American flag to a thousand veterans of the US military. As a veteran led company, PureTalk believes very strongly that every person who serves this country deserves to fly a flag that comes from this country. I mean, an American flag made in China or Cambodia. There's something off about that. No thanks. So to help reach their goal, PureTalk is donating a portion of each June sale to getting these flags into the hands of American veterans, American flags into the hands of American veterans. That means switching from your expensive wireless company to PureTalk that helps you save money and helps them reach their goal plans are to start at 25 bucks a month for unlimited talk text and lots of data So you can enjoy America's most Dependable 5G network while cutting your cell phone bill in half. The average family saves over a thousand bucks a year. The address is PureTalk dot com slash Tucker to make the switch. PureTalk. It's America's Wireless company.


This MLB season FanDuel's Dinger Tuesday is back. And this year all customers get a profit boost to BET Home runs every week. So gear Up to Go Yard all season long on FanDuel America's s number one Sportsbook 21 plus in President Select states opt-in required bonus issued. Its novel drawable Profit Boost tokens Restrictions apply, including any token expiration in max wager amount. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Your identity is constantly under attack. In just the last year, Americans lost over $16 billion to scammers online. Anyone can fall victim to this. Your social security number, your bank account, your credit profile can be exposed and you won't even know it. And the second they are exposed, thieves can take out loans to your name. Open credit cards Wreck Your Life financially. Identity Guard can save you. Identity Guard monitors everything from your credit card to your bank accounts, your social security number looking for early signs of fraud before damage is done. If something weird happens, you get an instant alert. If someone does steal your identity, identity Guard's expert team works directly with banks, credit card companies and lenders to shut it down quickly. And the scam, having your identity stolen is a nightmare. Someone in this country becomes a victim of identity set theft every six seconds. Identity Guard protects you 30 day free trial at exclusive discount at Identity Guard dot com slash Tucker. Protect yourself before it's too late. Identity Guard dot com slash Tucker.


What is that? What are we looking at here? This is bizarre. Father of five prepper from Sleepy Eye Minnesota, all of a sudden winds up wearing a latex mask and like a fake police car and murdering people and then the police don't arrest him somehow at the shooting. I mean, the whole thing. So, but what do we know about him? So, so He has also a, a hit list in his vehicle, literally called a, a hit list, a handwritten Hit list. It says hit list on it. It Does, yeah. And there are it's little weird 60 names of In case he mi different s Is he worried that he might forget what the list is? There's all kinds of notebooks with all kinds of things in them. From what we understand, we did obtain this hit list that went out to law enforcement because obviously they were protecting all of these legislators, trying to figure out, you know, where this guy was.


Because this manhunt goes on for 43 hours before he just surrenders in a field, puts his hands up in the air and basically walks toward law enforcement and says, I'm, I'm v Belter. But this hit list, these are all Democrats on the list. There's a couple abortion clinics Planned Parenthoods that are on there. So people have said, you know, this is some sort of pro-life thing. But also, interestingly enough, he has a confession letter. This is what I would call it. It's a, a letter made out to the FBI to Cash Patel that says that Governor Tim Walls made him do this. He says that he made him do it because he wanted Senator Amy Klobuchar to be killed and walls then to take that Senate seat, which again makes no sense to any sane person, but these are all part of the pieces.


That Was Amy Klobuchar on the list. What's interesting is Walls is not on the list. Klobuchar is on the list. Some, there's somebody who has passed away that's on the list. Some people who are not holding office anymore that are, that are on the list. So the list is a little, a little strange in and of itself. What Did he spend his life doing? Like what's his history? This guy's in his fifties, 57. Not a typical profile. No, It's it Of a serial killer. Right. That's where it seems that there seems to be some financial issues. We know that he spent some time in the Congo.


He talks about that In Congo. Yes. And a lot of people from Sleepy Eye Minnesota are just kind of hanging in the Congo. Right? He was doing some mission trips, mission trips, mission trips there. But there are also some nonprofits that he would start, but they had no customer base. There was a couple security businesses that didn't have actual customers. His wife was listed on a, a website linked to a security business. We know of this funeral homework that was going on. Did He have a career? I mean, did he spend, He was in the, again, according to his LinkedIn profile that is now down, but did decades in the food service industry. He was a general manager at a seven 11 that was listed as well.


But from my law enforcement sources, it sounds like just a lot of this was just made up almost like there was this double life that was, was being lived. But at some point he moves out part-time from his wife and five children to live in an apartment with a roommate. I mean, what is that? The way his roommate described it, he was working at these funeral homes and would keep kind of odd hours. And so Minneapolis would be closer to, you know, where these would be located. But what's interesting is even in his last movements that have been tracked by, by the neighbors, everybody has these great security cameras nowadays and they're kind of doing the, the detective work themselves over in that neighborhood as well.


But you can see him coming in with some plastic bags. We know now he'd bought some supplies at Fleet Farm just leading up to these attacks. He's walking out with his notepads there. I, from what law enforcement has said, he was doing a lot of writing, a lot of ramblings as they've just described them. At first they said there was, you know, this manifesto. They've kind of backed off on that and said it's more of this hit list. Nothing that seems to really make much sense as far as a motive is concerned at this point. But for some reason he did surrender to law enforcement. And it seems in a way he wants to tell his story.


Wow. Yeah. Is there any evidence that he had contact with law enforcement before this at any level? Actually, no. No criminal record, nothing. Did he have any connection to the government at all that we know of? Well, this is what's interesting also, in that confession letter, he talks about he is trained by the military. He says that he's, and this is what was on the website as well, that he did security in Eastern Europe, Africa, and the Middle East. It says on his website. But at this point, just still so many questions about what is actually even true. What do you think? You know, it's, it's been, it's been difficult because in Minnesota, the, you just keep saying that these kind of things don't happen and then they do.


And so much of this has, has happened. We've kind of been dubbed this capital of, of chaos these last five or six years. And it's pretty di disheartening. You try to approach everything as a reporter and gather as many facts, but you're like, how, how have we now come to report on political assassinations in Minnesota? Yeah, I'm not, I'm not surprised given what's happened in the last five years. But I just wonder about this story in particular. Did he have contact with walls? Do we know that walls ever sp as Walls said, I met this guy ever. Well, this is what's interesting. We know that he served on a board appointed by walls, however, I'll say that.


What kind of board was that? It was a workforce development board. They have hun I think more than a hundred of these boards in Minnesota. Most of them are voluntary boards. So he was appointed to that board by Governor Mark Dayton, a democrat and reappointed by walls that expired in 2023. So it is unclear if they ever knew each other. They were on the, the interesting Senator Hoffman and Vance Beter were on the same board together. So you would think that they somehow knew each other. We how did, how did a seven 11 manager slash mortuary remains disposal guy wind up on a governor appointed board in the state?


Also a good question. It's a little weird, right? Yeah, yeah. There's just so many, so many things in his background that don't seem to make much sense. And also just, he had several properties in his name, seven cars. He's asking for a public defender because he has no money. He just paid more than $500,000 for his home in Green Isle a couple of years ago. What? So where's the money coming from? I think there were questions about, about that as well From the body disposal business. Like how, how much does, and this guy is renting an apartment to take a job hours from his $500,000 home. That cannot be a high paying job.


I don't, I don't know what mortuaries paid to dispose of bodies, but it can't be a lot. Yeah. Law enforcement seems to think that he'd been plotting, you know, something for a long time. What was the final, you know? I know. Okay. So nothing about this makes sense at all. Correct. So there's been a ton of speculation that he, like a number of other people, high profile murderers in the last 50 years may have been like, not at all what he seemed to be. This is like some sort of operation designed to discredit, you know, the enemies of the people who designed it.


Do you think there's any, I mean, is it worth pulling on those threads? Oh, I think it's worth it. And that's what we've been been doing. I, it it just seems that, you know, even talking to profilers through this, they really, maybe there is something more because none of this actually makes sense or, or adds up to become that radicalized, you know, what actually what actually happened. But it's a story, you know, we're obviously staying on and yeah, Maybe we'll wind up like the Vegas shooting where it doesn't make sense at all and no one wants to talk about it. And we just kind of forget about it. You know, biggest mass shooting in American history that like no one mentions ever, but clearly it's not.


And you've already seen that with the media in Minnesota. It's okay, he's the Trump supporter, we, this is why he did it. And that's it. I mean, it's just absolutely insane what has happened to, to the media. No curiosity, no common sense. It's really disgusting. And no wonder the the public is, is not informed, especially in, in Minnesota. Yeah. And this story is just inherently bizarre. So you've, you're from the state, you've worked in media there, you were one of the highest rated anchors in the state. You've made a couple references to the media. Might be worth reminding people what happened. If you could just give us a short tour of your work history. How did you lose your job in television and Minnesota? Yeah, so I worked at WCCO, longtime Anchor and investigative reporter there.


My family was caught up in the George Floyd Fallout, my husband. Long time you, You murdered George Floyd? No, I did not. Okay, good. Despite what the, the media may, may tell you, but they, yeah, pe so many people were canceled in the wake of all of, of that. And I was one of them. My husband longtime Minneapolis police officer, he was serving as the union president at the time. He came out with a few sentences that basically said we'd like the body camera footage. We're awaiting that. Let's not rush to judgment with all of this. And, you know, we're backing these police officers until we, you know, no more.


He did what a union president, I think probably is supposed to Do. Well, I hope any American citizen would take that same position. We're not gonna send people to prison unless we know they're guilty. And then it was just like that.


You're probably pretty sick in Nike. It's hard to blame you for feeling that way. Any company that worships Colin Kaepernick, any company that shills for the lunacy of the left social agenda is clearly not on your side. In fact, they're your enemy. You need an alternative. XX XY Athletics is the far better choice. It's the only athletic brand committed to fighting, fighting for free speech. Women's sports and the truth, honesty, the truth, they're not gonna lie to you. For example, did you know that 80% of Americans oppose letting men play in women's sports? That's not a radical view. It's a moderate, sensible view rooted in biology. But woke corporations like Nike make you feel like a lunatic for saying obvious things like men or men and women or women. That is tyranny. How can you fight back by abandoning the companies, promoting it and by embracing companies like XX XY Athletics? It's an American company. It's not opposed to the United States or to telling the truth. Head to the truth fits.com to learn a lot more and use the code Tucker 25 for 25%.


So the 4th of July is almost here in honor of that great holiday. Our friends at PureTalk are on a mission to give an allegiance flag the world's highest quality American flag to a thousand veterans of the US military. As a veteran led company, PureTalk believes very strongly that every person who serves this country deserves to fly a flag that comes from this country. I mean, an American flag made in China or Cambodia. There's something off about that. No thanks. So to help reach their goal, PureTalk is donating a portion of each June sale to getting these flags into the hands of American veterans, American flags into the hands of American veterans. That means switching from your expensive wireless company to PureTalk that helps you save money and helps them reach their goal Plans are to start at a 25 bucks a month for unlimited talk text and lots of data So you can enjoy America's most dependable 5G network while cutting your cell phone bill in half. The average family saves over a thousand bucks a year. The address is PureTalk dot com slash Tucker to make the switch. PureTalk. It's America's wireless company.


Welcome to it takes energy presented by energy transfer where we talk all things oil and natural gas, oil and gas drive our economy, ensure our country's security and open pathways to brighter futures. What do you know about oil and natural gas? You likely associate them with running your car or heating your home. But these two natural resources fuel so much more than that. More than 6,000 consumer products that we rely on every day are made using oil and gas. Before you even step out the door in the morning, you've already used more products made possible because of oil and gas than you realize from the toothpaste you brush your teeth with the soap you washed your face with and the sheets you slept on. Not to mention your makeup. Contact lenses, clothes and shoes, oil and gas are vital parts of all these products and so many more. Look around and you'll see the essential role oil and gas plays in our lives. Our world needs oil and gas and people rely on us to deliver it. To learn more, visit energy transfer.com. Turn off.


So your husband said as the FOP president, you know, let's just find out exactly what happened before we decide. We know what happened. And then what happened when he said that He had to lose his job, I had to lose my job. You lost His job for That. The mob came after us. I mean, he had been planning at that point to, to retire around this time anyway, but yeah, the mob came out in, in full attack. I never anchored a newscast at WCCO ever again. What, what did you have to do with it? I'm still not exactly sure, but that's fear is a powerful thing, I think especially in, in Minnesota.


Well, let's, let's unpack this. Okay. So your husband had to leave after 32 years as a police officer because he said, let's wait for the evidence before deciding. Okay, I can see that happening in the hysteria and the, the, the race mobs that formed after George Floyd Oida and fennel. But what do you, how were you, why would you be punished for that? Yeah, it was ridiculous. I finished out my contract and then eventually left, but I would go. But, but why were you not allowed to do newscast after, You know, at first I understood that I obviously can't report on this story. There's a, a conflict of interest. And I never had, I'd never reported on police union issues in, in Minneapolis.


I mean, we've been married for a few years by the time this even happened. But all of a sudden it became like we were in this hidden marriage as if I was supposed to start every newscast by talking about who my husband is. I mean, can you imagine in this world why this even matters? But then it appeared my name started appearing, you know, every story that I did, no matter what it would be. And just a reminder, Liz Collin is married to Bob Kroll. I mean, literally this would be printed in, in stories on the, on our website. And I was like, this is, you know, this is just completely, absolutely insane. Well, Your employer put that, yes, It was this disclaimer because they felt like they needed to, you know, the public needed to know this because of everything that had transpired.


So the station Correct. Without asking, you kept doing this. Right? This is a CBS station. I mean, I don't think, I think you can watch any CBS station and, and realize what is going on at those places. CBS Oh, It's known operator? Yes. Okay. So how did they tell you you're no longer allowed to do your job because of who your husband is? Well, at first it just drags on for weeks, weeks turn to months. And, But they pulled you off the air? Yes, I I was still allowed to report on a few things, but I was no longer allowed to report on state government, city government, anything to do with policing. I would have to get permission before I would even be able to call someone in law enforcement.


I mean, this has been my career. I mean, I have a lot of good sources and I've reported on a lot of these issues long before I was even married to Bob. But all of a sudden everything became, you know, an issue. And I, And I will say that my husband appeared on stage with President Trump. This was back in 2019 when he was running for reelection. And that really became an issue with the, the station as as well That your husband liked Trump, correct? Yeah. You can't, can't have an Andrews husband likes Trump. Right, right. Okay. Yeah, it's a really sick country. Wow.


So then you said the mob came, what does that mean? It really just means the, the mob came. They, You're very literal. Okay. Yeah, they showed up to the station. They held a, they held a protest demanding that I be fired For being married to a cop. Right? Yes. And then they showed up at our home four different times. We had protests that summer of 2020 at your home? Yes. One sponsored by Black Lives Matter. They showed up with pinata effigies of myself and my husband and beat us in our driveway. Welcome to South Africa. That's crazy. Yeah. And you had a child at home? We were not home that, that weekend.


But yes, my actually my child discovered this on YouTube years after it happened. I thought I would keep it from him, but he can't do that. I guess in this digital world, we would you in Attempted to shoot them. Well, I think that's why I made sure my husband left town. No, I mean I, yeah, that, that's such a threatening act. I'm against shooting people in general, but I, I think I would shoot someone who did that just because I would, I would feel so threat. I mean, your home. Yeah. I've never felt so violated. But before, I consider myself a pretty strong person, but it took me even a long time to even walk in the front lawn again, just thinking they took a knee around our flag, our American flag.


If you were black, you were allowed to kneel in our front yard. And if you're white, you had to look on as they were shouting. I mean, they literally brought a, a bullhorn. They were shouting swear words at our neighborhood, kids threatening to burn the city down where we lived And no one shot them. It's so weird how passive people are. Like, you couldn't get away with that 50 years ago you couldn't do that. Many cities have now passed ordinances in Minnesota saying, if you don't pull a permit to protest, were going to arrest you. Because nobody was arrested. Nothing happened that day. And your husband was a cop and his fellow cops didn't, nobody did anything. Well, They wanted to show up also. But, you know, I don't, I don't, the we also have to recognize with these groups, this is what they want.


They want confrontation. They want lawsuits. This is what they want. Maybe if someone smacked 'em in the face once in a while, they'd be a little more respectful. I mean, I just think if you allow that kind of behavior, you're gonna get more of it. Right. Well, And I actually think this is what has happened in Minnesota. These political disagreements have turned into these political attacks and people have allowed this to happen. Well, I completely agree. It's passive Scandinavians. I I know them well. I hate them. Sorry. Excuse me. I'm I'm one of 'em. You are one of them. I know, I know. But that's why I can say that a allowed to say that, but yeah. Yeah. They're totally passive and self-hating and, you know, rape my wife. I mean they're really, it's a sickness in their brains, but it's, that's just so sad. So, and they came back more than once.


This mom, yeah, This was the largest, I mean, it was more than a hundred people paid, people paid to, you know, to be there that, that day they had lunch provided. I mean, this is just completely insane. Who do you think paid for it? Well, black Lives Matter was involved. You could, and this is what I thought was interesting as a reporter. So keep in mind, I was still working at WCCO at the time, but I called my news director And I said, the man leading this protest, he's running to be a state rep and he's endorsed by Walls and the Democratic Party. I think that we should probably cover this. I did A story on this. Yes. I'm sorry. I saw the protest on, This is all coming Back to me on the news. Yes.


Was that guy, elected state rep? He was Elected And I called my news director And I said, I think this is newsworthy. You will not even believe what happened. And I was told that He was a racist too. That guy. Yes. But I was told that that phone call showed my bias. How dare I how dare I think that that's a news story. You're so bias. They said that to you at the station. And so it would be days before they actually even reported on the, on the protest before they had no choice but to, At their own employee's house. Correct. A guy running for State House saying racist, anti-white things. I remember this now. Wow. I totally forgot this. That was you. That was me. I'm so sorry. It's so hateful.


So how long were you at the station after that? So I finished my contract a couple of years, not, not even quite. And then I had kind of as a therapy, worked on my book called They're Lying, the Media, the Left and the Death of George Floyd, which is a bit about my personal story and so much of the truth that just never stood a chance with all of this. And I left, I went into independent media. I didn't wanna lie anymore. I was disgusted with what the media had had turned Into. How long were you at the station? Nearly 14 years. Wow. So what about all the people you, when you work in a place you like, you know, you know your supervisor, you know all the vice presidents and the, the station manager, the HR people.


Did, did anyone ever say, gosh, we're really mistreating you we're sorry, been here 14 years and we're anyone was any human? Yeah, I think touch at all. Yeah. I still have, you know, still have some friends, but I think that's really in life where they knew the professional I was, they knew the, the work that I had done and, and that hurt, you know, for the, the people that, you know, I kind of needed to stick up for me in that moment. And they, and they didn't. But it's also a bit of a relief knowing that I, that's why I, when I left, I, I was ready. I was, you know, I knew that I could, it was time to listen to that little voice inside of me and I'd been praying about it for a long time and, and just knew that there were things that I really had had to do.


It was a matter of truth. I hope the Goes bankrupt. Is it still there? I don't think they're doing so well. But I think that's local media in, in general


Since we launched, we've had four flavors. But we are proud to announce ALP has a brand new flavor. One of several we'll be rolling out over the next year or so. And it is sweet nectar. I have personally tested this product two at a time and it's excellent sweet nectar, the new flavor out from a really, really good go to Alp Pouch dot com. You can order it in bulk by the palette if you want. I have strongly recommended sweet nectar and stay tuned for morning flavor.


Welcome To it takes energy presented by energy transfer where we talk all things oil and natural gas, oil and gas drive our economy, ensure our country's security and open pathways to brighter futures. What do you know about oil and natural gas? You likely associate them with running your car or heating your home. But these two natural resources fuel so much more than that. More than 6,000 consumer products that we rely on every day are maybe using oil and gas before you even step out the door in the morning. You've already used more products made possible because of oil and gas than you realize from the toothpaste you brush your teeth with the soap you wash your face with and the sheets you slept on. Not to mention your makeup contact lenses, clothes and shoes, oil and gas are vital parts of all these products and so many more. Look around and you'll see the essential role oil and gas plays in our lives. Our world needs oil and gas and people rely on us to deliver it to learn more. Visit energy transfer.com.


So the people trying to wreck our civilization want you to be passive. They want you weak so they can control you. Weakness is their goal. No thanks. Our friends at Beam, a proud American company. Understand that our country can only be great if its people are strong. And that's why they've created a new creatine product to help listeners like you stay mentally sharp and physically fit. People like to mock creatine. C doesn't like creatine at all, But people buy it 'cause it works. Beam's, creatine can help you improve your strength, your brain health, your longevity. It's completely free of sugar and synthetic garbage. That's in almost everything else that you eat. Of course you don't hear about it too much because again, a population that is strong, clear-minded and physically capable is a threat to tyrants. That's why they want you play in video games. To celebrate American strength, actual American strength beam is offering up to 30% off their bestselling creatine for the next 48 hours. Go to shop beam.com/ Tucker, use the code Tucker at checkout, that's shop beam BEA m.com/ Tucker. Use the code Tucker for up to 30% off. It's built on core values, integrity results. No BS beam. We strongly recommend it.


But to abandon your longtime employee because the mob demands it is like maybe the lowest thing I can think of. You know, it was crazy because I I, I grew up watching that station. I mean, literally it was the dream job when I finally landed it when I worked in all these crappy markets, you know, lived in crappy places. But I, you know, I loved the news because I always felt like I'm, you know, I'm just gonna do whatever it takes to get back home to be able to broadcast, you know, my hometown and, and whatnot. As goofy as that sounds. Doesn't Sound goofy. It sounds great, but Actually, and then it, it happened and just kind of, but I, you know, it's not even, even before George Floyd, you could see what the media was, was turning into.


And that really bothered me on a moral and ethical level more than anything. What else? What were they turning into? Just not so much what we would tell the public anymore about what we would, not how we would craft a story. I talk a lot about this in, in the book, but there were mandates after George Floyd that half of the people we interviewed had to be non-white or from a protected class in the wake of Where Did those mandates come from? That, from what I understand, CBS news, you could not use the term riots at all in your reporting actually. Right? Just the way we would control the language and shape stories. WCO Correct. Boy, I can't, when they do go bankrupt, will you text me just so I can celebrate?


I really hope that they go under soon. That's so dishonest. Yeah, and it, it, it hasn't, it's actually only gotten worse I think with a lot of things that has, that have transpired. But again, I'm, I feel blessed to, to be On the other side. You're a, perhaps you can relate. You're a positive person. It's just, I think it's important to know because the net effect was the death of a lot of people. The total destruction of a great American city. Yeah. It was just pure evil. In the end, black people didn't benefit, white people didn't, I mean, no one benefited really. And I, it just bothers me that it's been memory hold and that no one responsible for the killing and the destruction has ever been held accountable.


Okay. Since you wrote a book on it and it's been five years, can we just assess what the, what was the George Floyd thing, do you think having looked into it more than maybe any other person? Like what's, what's your, like how did, how did George Floyd die? What was that? How did, why did that instantly become a revolution that wrecked my country and like, what was that? You could definitely tell, I mean, Minnesota, we really had the perfect players in place. Again, we have Governor Tim Walls, we have Attorney General Keith Ellison, Minneapolis Mayor Jacob Fry. This was an election year that had so much to do with, with it.


And you could see these things were happening around the country, you know, just looking to spark chaos. And in Minneapolis, they, they had the, the recipe And I saw the manipulation day one, they were not, they did not release the body camera videos. Can I say it's a, it was one of the whitest cities in America along with Portland and Seattle. Yeah, that's true. Yes. Primarily. Yes. Yeah. So that is another factor. It's the, you know, this didn't happen in Miami 'cause the Hispanics don't hate themselves, but the whites do. This is just my editorializing. It's just the demographics played a role in this. It was the, it was the whitest cities that went the craziest. But you have this, as they frame it, this white police officer, you know, kneeling on the neck of a black man.


The optics were there. However, the body camera video shows a much different story. And if they would've released this, I just don't even think we'd be here having this conversation. But is there any evidence that George Floyd was, was suffocated by Derek Chauvin? No. There is much more evidence to support that, that in fact had nothing to do with it. You have George Floyd talking about how he can't breathe before Derek Chauvin. Right. Arrives on scene. You have a black police officer who arrested George Floyd in Alex King, who was on the job for three days off of his field training. Nobody talks about Alex King. Nobody know him. What happened to him? He just got out of prison. He's, He went to Prison. He's one of the, the four police officers put in in prison.


But nobody knows about. They think this is just a white cop, black suspect. Oh, I didn't know that. And this is the Don't remember it story the media told. And it's disgusting. The bottom line. Is there actual evidence that Derek Chauvin murdered George Floyd? I would say the answer is no. There's no strangulation marks, there's no bruising on his neck. Why didn't they release the autopsy, which was done within 12 hours of him dying to the public that showed all of this. He had an enlarged heart. He died of a heart attack. The first words on his autopsy or just that cardiopulmonary arrest is his cause of Death.


He did not die of suffocation. No. So why is Derek Chauvin still in jail? Why did Officer King go to jail? Is there anyone else in jail for this still? Thomas Lane was released also and Au was still in prison. Tau was given an extra year on his sentence because the judge in this case, judge Peter Cahill, did not like how he was reciting Bible verses during his sentencing and gave him an extra year. But the real threat is a run. I mean, what? Okay. Wow. That's so offensive. It's hard. You still live there.


I do. Yeah. So how did, if if there's no evidence that he murdered George Floyd, why was I at Fox Scolded for saying that he didn't murder George Floyd, which I was by the way. I said George Floyd seemed like he died of a drug od 'cause that's what the autopsy seemed to say. Why is that not widely known? Why does nobody, even now five years later, people have to be like, oh, he was killed by a white and all these, try not to use the effort, but all these Republican office holders are like, no, he was murdered by a, you know what I mean, A white cop. Yeah, I hear it still. That's not true. Yeah, it, it, it isn't. And there's, there's a reason Race never even came up in Derek Chauvin's trial.


There's no evidence of race having anything to do with anything. And that's why I put the book out. And I, it was released in, in 2022, right before I wanted it out, before the election for Walls and Ellison. Sadly it didn't work. But, but then we, it led to the documentary called The Fall of Minneapolis. And we tried to really bring out the, the truth that nobody heard in this case, in that documentary. And more than 10 million people have seen it all around the world, which is amazing considering it was just kind of this little, this little documentary. But it also, I think, proves that the truth still matters. I just wish somebody would do something about it.


So is this, is there anyone else in Minneapolis saying this? No, it's actually interesting. They then paint me, of course I'm a right-wing conspiracy theorist. That's how I'm referred to. I'm just a crazy person for bringing out these facts. I mean, again, I think it's 237 citations I have in my book. This is all, I'm a journalist, this is what I've done for 20 years. But, but what's The counter argument is Waco. Okay, so everyone stands up. Nikki Haley and Jeb Bush and all, you know, all these people, probably the majority of the Republican senators who are serving five years ago said this, you know, black man murdered by a white cop.


What evidence are they pointing to to, to prove that? And how did he get convicted of it? Well, the trial in and of itself is really quite, quite something. You have the police training, the maximal restraint technique that the officer was reusing that day. That was not allowed in trial. Judge Cahill did not allow that in chauvin's trial. Can You explain what that is? So interestingly enough, these two pages of the manual go offline two days. The police manual After the incident, they disappear the MRT and you can hear in the body camera footage, which again, the public is not allowed to see until many months later.


And I, to this day, most people have never taken the time to watch the video. Of course. And the officers are talking about the MRT. Thomas Lane says let's just MRE, he means MRT they all are working together in this moment, knowing what the MRT is. Why then do you have the mayor? He comes out about 24 hours later and says, and by the way, this is a technique not trained by the MPD. This is Jacob Fry. Correct. Who is he? Is he from Minneapolis? No, from Virginia. Oh. He was Brought To Minneapolis to run for city council. And then by whom? The mayor.


Good question. So he's not, he has nothing to do with Minneapolis at all. Winds up no. Becoming mayor And in many ways destroying Minneapolis. Is he still there? He's still there. Is he still the mayor? He's still the mayor. Why isn't he in prison? You know, I, I have gone to him for more interview requests at this point than I can count. At one point I just started chasing him around one morning to try to get him to answer questions. It's kind of funny that somebody would be literally running away from me. But that's what he did. But I just, that's my question is why are you lying? Why have you been lying about all this? Because we saw this again this five years later. These stories are just so over the top and nobody is telling the truth about it.


Even five years later. It's almost as if you just continue to repeat this lie. You know enough people won't believe It. So the mayor Jacob Fry, who's not from Minneapolis, was brought in and somehow becomes mayor and then wrecks the city that he's he's not from, didn't build. He says in public shortly after the death that the restraint technique the police officers used on George Floyd was not taught to them. Correct. And that's not true. Yeah. These pages go missing of the manual, Which, which explained the technique. And I Exactly. And I said into my newsroom at the time, this is really quite something. They are trying to cover this up.


We should really be doing a story about this. And I'm the crazy person. What did they say? It was just like, you have to go along with this narrative. This is the narrative of the moment and we are going to push it on the public. We even had reporters using Black Lives Matter as hashtags in their reporting. Not really. Really. And that was allowed. And I said, well here's their website and this is a political organization. Why would we allow this ever? But again, I'm the, the crazy conservative, I guess in the newsroom at this point. That was the corner I was cast in. And I should just shut up.


Oh, this, I guess this is why I've forgotten so many the details. 'cause they're just horrifying. So, so the public doesn't get to know that the restraint technique that the police officers, not just Derek Chauvin, but the other three used against this berserk drug addict, convicted felon. That that was a technique that they learned at the police academy and that was trained For decades. Decades. Trained For decades. Yeah. It'd been around for, we found manuals with the MRT in the nineties. I mean, we did a lot of research. Did Apply research correctly. Did they do what they were taught to do? It's in, it's actually in there to wait to hold and wait for EMS. This is also something else that was never talked about.


The ambulance went to the wrong address, which is why there is such a long, typically an ambulance would be there in about 90 seconds at the most. There's, you know, a fire station that close. They went to the wrong address. And you see this on the body camera footage that one of the paramedics is almost joking around with Thomas Lane going, gosh, we didn't know where you guys were. We went to the wrong place. It's why it took us so long. And there's a very problematic EMS response to all of this that isn't, that is also not allowed to be discussed in, in Chauvin's trial either. What's the problematic EMS response? The fact that they, they go to the wrong address. They also hook or hooking George Floyd up to, to, to get air, to, to breathe.


And the the machine itself is not plugged in in the ambulance. You know, there has been, The machine is not plugged in. Yes. This is all in the, in the documentary. Did anybody hit him with Narcan? You know, that's a, a question I get quite a bit. And this is before, you know, this is more than five years ago at this point, where they didn't even, the officers didn't all have Narcan right at that point. This was kind of just the beginnings of all of that. And you also had two officers that were brand new and they were partnered together. And I think you can see even just with their interactions, they understand something is going on with him.


He also stuffed some, you know, what you think or drugs in his mouth during their interaction. And they're asking him, what are you on, what did you take? And you know, he's very combative, but they think it's more of a, something is going on medically. They try to get him into the squad car. It's George Floyd himself who asks to be laid on the ground. Many people don't know that. Yeah. He asks to be laid on the ground himself. And this is just this hold that they do. But we quickly find out, again, it's within 12 hours that in his autopsy you can see that. I mean, he's been described to, to us as a ticking time bomb. Sadly, George Floyd, he has this tumor, a paraganglioma that more testing isn't done on that.


And that can lead to where's the tumor? To in his hip, a large tumor. And that can lead to death when people are in that hyped state, which clearly George Floyd. Floyd Is, you can see on his face when you watch the video that he knows he's dying and he's panicked. Yes, I'll speak for myself and say, I really felt for the guy. You can see the terror in his eyes. Like he's on his way out. He's not ready for it. You know, God knows where he is going and he knows, he knows that. And, but it's, it's just obvious from the video that it has nothing to do with how he's being treated by the cops. Like that's why he's freaking out. 'cause he knows he's dying. Did you feel that watching? Well, I have been a kind of a cops reporter, I guess for years.


Yeah. But you always know that there's more to this. And also quickly, we learned within those first couple days, he'd been arrested in 2019 by the Minneapolis Police Department. He was the subject of an undercover drug investigation. George Floyd, again, something people had no idea almost exactly a year prior. And police have an interaction with him and he has an overdose. It's almost a carbon copy of the interaction. Don't shoot me. He's very resistant. Is this on video saying I can't breathe? Yes, it's all, all on video. And that's actually how we start our documentary. What was that Introduced to? His trial. In fact, the police say that the police chief says they've never heard of George Floyd before. They have no idea who he is.


And that's in shortly after the police Chief says that police chief, why would he say that, That's a whole nother Yeah. The, the police's, the chief, the chief at the time is Madera Arradondo. He's serving in that capacity. Is he from Minneapolis? He's from Minneapolis. But many people on the department, they feel that he just sold their entire department out. Where is he now Looking for a job? I think he, he's selling a book. May he long be unemployed? Is he an ally of Jacob fries? Yes. I mean, certainly. Yes. The, the mayor and the, the chief worked alongside each other. But you also have this chief who then makes, makes this all about race.


He embraces that also. And again, when it's so clear, the evidence doesn't support that at all. You have a among American officer in Tau, a black officer in Alex King, and then Thomas Landon, Derek Chauvin, who are white. And they sold this to the public as this is the, The face of white supremacy. Yes. And all these repulsive preachers got up there in Protestant churches and sold that to their congregations. Yeah. All these politicians, like basically every leader, every business leader, you know, the entire leadership class of the country pivoted behind this lie within 24 hours. Yep. Nikki Haley was like, we need Minneapolis to burn down.


It'll be a atonement for the sins of white supremacy. I mean, it was like, never seen anything like it. What was that like? It really felt like it. They were, this was a, a play that they had like planned for this day. You had Governor Walls saying these same things. Fanning again, fanning the flames, withholding the National Guard, encouraging people to basically show up and, and protest. You had his wife speak on camera about how she left the windows open to the governor's mansion so she could smell the burning tires, just to really appreciate the, the, the movement and the moment The Winnie Mandela of Minnesota ing her enemies.


Yeah. Crazy. And it, of course changed the country forever. So, but it did, but the, the response felt coordinated. I guess that's what I'm saying. Was it You, you did, you had planes filled with people coming in shortly after protestors, planes filled with people, planes filled with people. I've spoken to people that work at the airport that have told me about that. People that would just, a lot of young kids. We had people at our house who admitted to us that they came from Oregon. They had no idea who we were. They were holding signs in our neighborhood, but they got a free weekend at a hotel. So they came to our, you know, suburban neighborhood to hold a sign in front of our yard Who paid for all this.


Well, and that's what's always bothered me as a reporter also. This is all, these are all things you can track down, you know, the, these are all public, public documents. But yes, these left wing groups, George Soros had a role that's pretty clear. And in many of these, these groups that, you know, popped up, black Lives Matter, played a, played a big role in all of this. You know, again, you follow the money, you follow the power, and that's kind of where the truth usually, usually is. And Black Lives Matter got its funding mostly from corporate America, I think. Yes. And many Minnesota corporations, you know, fed, fed into that. You see some of that going, going away now, thankfully.


But you had George Floyd Memorial Field at Target Field where the Minnesota Twins play, Not really, really For years. The drug addict, porn star, armed robber, they named the field after him. He's the civic hero in Minnesota. Now. They had a, a banner again, thankfully that's now been taken down, but, But they called it George Floyd Memorial Field, correct? Hmm. The Episcopal Cathedral in San Francisco, where I was baptized. I visited it shortly after that. And they had a St. George Floyd Penant. You could, you could kind of hang in your house. Little icon. It's crazy. I mean, even that area, 38th and Chicago, most of the businesses are gone.


In fact, talk about irony. The businesses are suing the city of Minneapolis for a lack of police presence. In that, that area of you've had skyrocketing crime since you know, this, the mantra was that we'd be living on the right side of history. This is what we were told over and over again, whether it be governor, the mayor, the police chief. This is the right side of history. And I've yet to find anyone who actually thinks that we're living there. So Did at the, at the time. So the trial, the riots happened, how many people died during the riots? Do you recall? It's been reported about five or or six. But again, do you tie them just to the, the most expensive riots in, in US history, 1500 businesses either damaged or destroyed in, in the wake of them, Then the trial happens.


Does anybody in Minneapolis, in any position of authority or in the media say, Hey, wait a second, there's no evidence that these cops killed this guy? Nope, Nobody said that. No. My, my husband, we saw, we saw what happened to, to him, and he just, you know, he's a believer of due process. He's a, you know, this is, they obviously had attorneys, but even the attorneys representing these officers were not very vocal in, in all of this. It's almost like the truth just didn't stand a chance. So One of the lessons is, and this is just a, the ugliest feature of human nature, but if, if someone or something becomes super unpopular, only an infinitesimally small number of people are brave enough to, to stand up and tell the truth.


Like if the, once the mob forms almost everybody goes along with it. Was that, did you know that before this happened? Not on this level, no. I, and that's why I kept speaking up. I kept going, well, hey, there's this, Hey, let's do this story. Hey, there's, and then it just became very clear to me, like, this is scary. This is scary. This is what, you know, the world has turned into. This is what the media has turned into. This Is, they just lynched these guys. Yeah. And everyone kind of posed with pictures of the corpse. Like it's just exactly what you read about in dark times long ago. And it happens in Minneapolis, like the most civilized American city we've ever had.


The most polite city in the world. You have the mayor crying at, you know, George Floyd's casket at his funeral. People couldn't gather for COVID, but yet George Floyd had a highly attended funeral, and you could protest in a riot that was encouraged. And George Floyd's dead. And I already said I felt sorry for him watching the video because he knew he was dying. And like, it's scary, you know, for people who haven't prepared for it, I think. But is there any evidence now that we know more about George Floyd, the man that George Floyd ever did anything to improve our society or help anybody else? Or did any virtuous or redeeming things ever? No, there's actually been so much that has not been reported a about him.


I mean, clearly he was an addict. He struggl struggled as an an addict for most of his adult life. He spent most of his adult life in and out of prison. That's documented. But even his, he was from St. Louis Park. He didn't even live in Minneapolis. He lived in St. Louis Park, a suburb with his roommates. And his roommates have talked about how his family never even came to gather his personal belongings. They were just left there. His car was still there. I mean, like a year later, His family all got rich, right? They were paid $27 million during Derek Chauvin's jury selection. They were awarded $27 million. What do you think kind of message that sent to the jury being seated at that Time?


Why isn't Trump pardoned him? You know, it's a little bit more complicated. There were rumors about that perhaps happening, but then he would be brought back to a state facility where he'd be in con, you know, he'd be in solitary confinement for sure. And walls. So even if the president pardoned him on federal charges, he'd still Be, he has a concurrent state, state sentence. And they've all can't find enough microphones to talk about how they can't wait for that to happen. 'cause they would love him to serve every last hour in Minnesota. Of course, they, why Not send the National Guard and just liberate him with by force? I mean, this is like, this is insane that we would allow something like this. Yeah. He has, at this point, more than 15 years left on his Sentence.


Federal. They're concurrent sentences, so, yes. How old is he At this point? He would be, oh My gosh. That's a, you might have to edit this out. He's a middle aged man. Yeah. So he'll be an elderly man by the time he gets out. Yeah, I think he would be in his sixties by the time of his release. Most of his life gone. For sure. But so back to George Floyd, who was, so, George Floyd spent most of his life in and outta prison. He was a drug addict. He appeared in a porn film. It's too perfect. He was at one point, convicted of armed robbery where he stuck a gun in the belly of a pregnant woman. Am I misremembering this, That, that's right.


He committed a, a home invasion. It, it doesn't seem to be clear that she was pregnant, but yeah, pretty awful person, I think capable of doing, doing that at all. But he came then to, to Minneapolis. And I know he was fired from a couple of jobs. He was working and basically hooking up with, with people at one job that he had people addicts and bringing them back to his home, something that's not allowed. And in fact, in the book I detail, he was the suspect in a couple of rapes in Minnesota where that evidence has mysteriously disappeared.


What, What does that mean to be a suspect in rapes? Like the police, The police were investigating, he was being accused of, of rape. And this was the hero after whom they named the ballpark. Still shocking to this day, but is this how far we've fallen as a society? What, what has happened to the moral compass? Well, It's not even a fall. It's like it's an attack. Yeah. Not by, you know, the population itself, but by its leaders trying to invert virtue and make you worship a rapist.


And St. George Floyd, if they can make you worship a a, someone like that, the lowest person in your society, like truly the lowest stupid criminal, violent, selfish addicts are selfish by definition. If that's the hero they can make you worship, then they just, they, they flip the society upside down and they destroy it. Governor Wall at one point asked for all public schools kids to, you know, be silent for nine minutes and 29 seconds. You know, the, the timeframe, he did that in a, did they, in a declaration, many people I heard from did not. But they were, they literally, the public schools were required to worship George Floyd.


Correct. Okay. A couple of the threads I just wanna get to. So you're, I I think you're a rigorous, honest person. Do you see a, any way an honest jury or an honest process could result in the conviction of Chauvin and the other three? No. I mean, if our judicial system is what it, it says it is, when you're presented with all of the evidence and all of the facts, and you take out all of the manipulation, the fear mongering, again, you had even Chauvin's trial. Armed guards are standing by the Hennepin County Courthouse is, you know, being patrolled by this militia.


And in a sense, there are, all these dispensing is put up around the building. The jury is not sequestered for the trial. You have these mobs of people out protesting every day. I don't think anybody in their right mind is gonna say, yeah, this guy is innocent, because then I'm gonna probably be protested or killed or lose my job, or whatever it is in the, the fallout. Again, I had nothing, really, nothing to do with this. And I was, you know, demoted and, and canceled. And, I mean, Just don't see how Ted Cruz and the rest can say that Iran is the biggest threat to a country in which things like this are happening. This is the threat, the attack on truth and fairness, decency, the love of people for each other, the cohesiveness of your society, citizenship virtue, like all of it is, is dying because it's being overwhelmed by evil.


And yet you look, you know, your focus is outside the country on some theoretical threats. We wish somebody would come to Minnesota and save us Tucker. I, no, but It's just like, look, I'm not saying Iran's not bad hardly for Iran or for them having a nuclear weapon, but compared to what, like, this is our country and this happened, and no one's ever apologized. No one's ever been held accountable, the guys who didn't do the crime or still in prison. It's like, it's crazy that this could happen because fairness really matters. If your society's not fair, it's not worth defending. You know, even speaking to two Taos family, they're a family of refugees. They're both of sets of their parents came to America and they talked about that with me.


It's Like they picked the wrong country. Huh? And they said that this is not what we thought America was. Yeah, okay. I didn't think that either. Yeah. And I was born here And I agree. Yeah. Sorry, sorry for the editorial, the constant editorializing. It's just what you're saying is so, and the way you're saying it, which is like flat, just the facts, ma'am. It's driving me insane. I can't, I, how can you still live there? Job security, Tucker. Yeah, Good point. If you're one of five reporters of the entire state, like you're, you'll work forever. Amazing. So who is Tim Walls? Exactly? Most of us. I just wanna say, I think he's like, should be investigated by the Sex Crimes unit.


I really feel that way. You, I you don't, I'm not asking you to comment on that, but he's one of the creepiest people I've ever seen. The vibe I get off that guy, I would not let him in my house. That's just my feeling. Maybe I'm being totally unfair, in which case I apologize. But you have the facts. I don't Who is this guy? Yeah, I think so much of this has happened on the watch of, of Governor Walls. Again, I'm talking about, I've lived in Minnesota for most of my life at this, this point as a reporter there for 20 years. Born there. I've just never born there, born, raised, spent a little time outside of the state and been back for, for 20 years now. But I've just never seen, you know, this kind of, I don't even know if you can call it leadership, I'm not exactly sure.


Manipulation by, by a leader. Again, we've talked about this capital of chaos. This has all been under his watch. He, but we've done so much reporting over at Alpha News with the truth of this guy. It was interesting to see others finally report about him because the, the local media will not when he was picked as the VP candidate for Kamala Harris, but it, it started sort of with picking up on just these little lies he would tell, and this is, these are things that we would re report on. He, he did not, you know, he never was a command sergeant major, despite the fact him, you know, saying that, that he was, he never attained this rank in the military.


Instead he abandoned his troops and they were deployed to a Iraq without him. And he ran for, for Congress. So I've always felt as a reporter of someone lies about little things. They're lying about big things. I think that's just, that's So, You know, Un that's a principle that stands the test of time. And I, you kind of would just see this with, with little things that he would say that was just not reality. But Minnesota has become, you know, the, the home of this defund the police movement, it was on the ballot. Minneapolis did not vote to defund the police, but I would say in every way, shape or form, they defunded the police. You have the Minneapolis Police Department that's lost about 40% of their cops since George Floyd.


But instead of being A wait, Minneapolis lost 40% of its cops in five years. Nearly. Nearly half. Yeah. And I actually think we're just now getting to the point of you thought there were problems with the police five years ago. Just wait until you see some of these people that are coming up on the job. Yeah. Who's gonna be a cop now? Exactly. It's pretty horrifying. And I don't blame any of these people for, for leaving you get to go to, but There's me hiring criminals. It'll just be a criminal gang. Yeah. Just, that's happened before. So under walls, we have the riots, we have these, these lies just about things with his background that I think really deserve more attention, more investigating these ties to China, which I think are troubling.


What ties does he have to China? Well, he, we know himself, he said that he's made more than 30 trips to China. He went there upon graduating 30 Trips to China, Went there upon graduating, he held a, That's a long flight. And he's, I mean, he spent his life as like a school teacher. He's from Nebraska originally. What is he, what is the school teacher from Nebraska doing, making 30 trips to China And in the National Guard at the time as well, making these trips to China. We also know he started a But what, what, what was, what's that? Travel. So it's really expensive. It's time consuming. It's not something that happened. You don't go to China 30 times unless you have a real reason to do that.


What would that reason be? He was taking Kids over there at one point. Oh, I bet. A travel agency. But what's interesting is I've spoken to Who about their kids travel with Tim Walls. I've spoken to a few of them that they're obviously older now. They were in their twenties when they would make these trips in college. One student in particular, it's very interesting, he said that he'd been trying to get the attention of the media about this guy for, for years. He said he would go there on these trips and collect the little red Mao book. He would buy as many as he could on these trips saying that they were, you know, souvenirs, Tim Walls would. And he said he, it was very apparent he just had this, he adored communism and would talk about it in conversation.


The, these students could pick, pick up on that. And are You serious? And this student tried even when he was running for Congress to say, there's more to this guy that you guys Think Matt killed so many more people than Hitler, that it's not even close. Yes. Not a defensive Hitler who was evil. Yeah. But MA's the greatest mass murderer in history. He's also married his w his, his wedding anniversary. They were married five years after Tiananmen Square. And he picked that date because it was a date that they would remember he and his wife. What, who does that? Tiananmen Square. Correct. The tank crushing the lone protestor. That's their Wedding anniversary. And they went to China for their honeymoon.


Come on. But there was, I mean, I was, I was in this country during that campaign. It was less than a year ago. I never heard anybody say that. But again, you have in Minnesota what has happened. We have a new state flag. Wait, wait, Do you think I'm, I'm sorry. I'm just mesmerized by this. There's A lot of questions. I agree. Questions. Yeah. But the problem is there's not anybody looking for answers, it seems like. Well, they want to kill themselves. So that's, they're they're doing a great job. I get it. I mean, the, ultimately, I just have to say this as a white man, I do blame the liberal whites. They want to kill themselves and their kids. That's, that's what they're into. I don't know what it's, what You see it in Britain. So I'm not into suicide, so I'm opposed, but they're the ones doing this.


And Walls is a perfect example, Sue. But why would he, you, you are sure he picked the anniversary. They've Talked About this today of Tinman Interviews. Yeah. This is in newspapers, But Tinman Square was a massacre of peaceful protestors. I Know. Was do you think they picked it to like, in the memory of those brave souls who died opposing the machine? They haven't said That. Oh my God. And what's interesting is, again, we're focusing over on at the, at Alpha News on these stories. There's supposed to be a congressional hearing about all of this. And it's kind of just gone nowhere, sadly. We also know, I've, I've spoken to a couple people that served with Tim Walls in Nebraska, in that guard unit, and they suspect, and we've done stories and tried to reach out to walls for, for comment, but they suspect that perhaps he took their standard operating procedure, the SOP for the Howitzer Army tank.


He was assigned to this tank, the nucle, it was nuclear capable. And this was all laid out in the SOP that goes missing while he's there. And they, the Manual goes missing. Right. And they had talked to the FBI about, about this as well. There's so many. What does That many questions mean? Why'd they talk to the FBI? They think that he's traveling back and forth from China at this time. And then we also know that this Howitzer Wait, wait. I know I sound crazy Right now, guy's. No, no, you're, you don't sound crazy at all. You're recounting the facts. Yeah. You were saying that men he worked with in the National Guard in Nebraska, in Nebraska went to the FBI because they believed he had given classified military secrets to the Chinese government.


They suspect that he, he did. And well, He suspected to the point that he went to the FBI. Well, this was all, when he, when all these stories are coming out, finally about his background, and they were like, maybe we should talk about this. These are guys that back then didn't report this. This was in the early nineties. And they always talked about it amongst themselves. And I think that they weren't completely aware of, you know, the potential threat. Something like this could, could pose. But they always thought this was very strange. And then China started producing almost a carbon copy of this military tank a couple years later. Come on. For real, According to all of our research, Did the Minneapolis Star Tribune break this story?


Oh, no, no, no. They haven't touched much of this in, in fact, actually when they reported it's Tim Walls goes to China with these kids and it's this great travel company, he started, I think it was a very small story even addressing this at all. And he chose to be married on the fifth anniversary of a massacre of peaceful protestors. Oh man, this is super dark. I realize too, that it's, some of it seems like impossible to believe, but again, being trained as a reporter, I know how this works. You talk to people, you verify things, you source things. And I feel very confident always in all of our information. And that's what is always so frustrating to me, that this should be, this should be the front page of the star boon, basically every day.


But instead, the Star Tribune is run by a former commissioner of Governor Walls. He's the CEO and publisher. And it's, it's truly unbelievable. This, the stories they put out, it's just turned into pure propaganda. The Star Tribune is run by a former walls commissioner. It is Steve Groves was his commissioner for, for years. And I don't think this relationship actually exists anywhere in the country between a, a governor and a, a publisher of the largest newspaper. But somehow in Minnesota that's allowed who Votes. So Minnesota has not thrived under the leadership of Tim Walsh. It's gotten much worse.


You were telling me today about people, you know, and I know people too who've moved from Minnesota to Iowa. Yeah. And no offense to Iowa, it's like the nicest, you know, the nicest people in the world. It also has the worst weather of any state. You know, it's totally flat. Minnesota is just beautiful. Again, I'm not it beating up in Iowa. I really do love Iowa. I spend a lot of time there. But you know, Minneapolis, I mean, Minnesota's kind of the dream, Iowa's like sturdy farm people and all that. If you're, if you're seeing a migration from Minnesota to Iowa, Minnesota is in serious trouble. Is this fair? Oh, thousands of people have, have left. Tens of thousands of people have left Minnesota crazy.


I know so many people, even in my neighborhood that have, that have moved. So it's gotten so much worse under this guy who got married on the fifth anniversary of Tenement Square because he loves the idea of tanks mowing over protestors who votes for him. How does he get elected in the state? Well, This is what's interesting. The last time a Republican has held a statewide office in Minnesota was 2006. It's been a while. Plenty. Or who was that? Yeah, Tim, Tim Plen when he was elected as as governor, we saw the, the house get a little closer in the legislature this time around.


But the last time we had a d Ffl trifecta for the first time in, for People who weren't familiar, we explained what DFL is. So that's the democratic farm and farm and labor. DFL, the Democratic party. It's the democratic party that your state Yeah. Is different in lots of ways. And that's why Yes, yes it is. But I always have said that with Minnesota, you have a couple blue cities, but the state is very red, probably more red now than ever before even Minnesota was Democrat. But like in a, in a German Scandinavian, you know, sort of working class, but clean upright, not In a radical way at All. Correct. Like very old fashioned Correct. Labor Democrats.


Right. Of the kind that I kind of love, I don't think we disagree on much. And how did it become neoliberal Nihilistic? Well, that's even my husband talks about this. He grew up as a Democrat. Yeah. His dad was an electrician. Exactly. Union working class. That's how it worked. That has totally changed. Obvious. These, These are not polyamory demo democrats. Right. These are not ayahuasca democrats. These like, You have like a city council though in Minneapolis that primarily is, they are socialists, they are self-proclaimed socialists that are running the city council of, of Minneapolis. But we've just seen it go more and more to the left each and every year. But even even walls, I will say that I don't think people were completely familiar with his background when he was elected even twice.


So Who, who backed him? You don't just get elected to statewide office anywhere by yourself. Well, the DFL has all the money. I mean, it's like 10 to one, a hundred to one. It's unbelievable what they can, they can spend. But it is a a lot of out of Where are they getting that money out? Out of state money. Okay. Yes. Yeah. Very little actually locally. And so Min Minnesota, like every other place in the country. So it's like totally dominated by out-of-state leftists billionaires who hate America wanna destroy it. That's what I think is, is so telling you ha Keith Ellison not from Minnesota, he's, you know, the law enforcement officer for, for the state. Tim Walls fry a lot of these people and they've done so much damage in a pretty short amount of time.


So they're all from outta state, they're all paid by donors from out of state. None of this has anything to do with Minnesota. And they completely taken over your state and changed it. Utterly packed it with immigrants, by the way. Changed the, the nature of who lives there, the demographics of it completely. And and none of it was organic. Like, it wasn't like the people of Minnesota asked for this. It wasn't democracy. Yeah. There's always this like Minnesota nice. I'm sure you've probably heard that, but it's, it's nice People live there, But Minnesota naive. I'm like, are we really that naive? I mean, I can, I'm not that naive, which is why I'm trying to, you know, do something about it. Well, passive, they're very passive. Yeah. And you know, it's this land of 10,000 lakes that seems to have turned into the land of 10,000 lies.


So many lies, sadly. Who's Keith Ellison? Well, quite a bit about him in in my book as well. But when we talk about even just this war on the police that has been waged at, in Minneapolis across the state of Minnesota. He was a, an attorney who came to, who came to Minnesota and represented gang members decades ago, in fact, represented a gang member who was responsible for executing a Minneapolis police officer Jerry Hoff. He was involved in, in that, it's hard to believe I think by any cops in the state.


However, he was elected to be our attorney general, but is very anti law enforcement. That's clear. Besides the four. And what's his job now? He's the attorney general of, so he's Minnesota, he's the chief law enforcement officer. Chief enforcement state. But he's very anti law enforcement. Correct. Okay. Yes. It's like a vegetarian butcher. It just doesn't work. Actually makes no sense at all. But in addition to these four officers, there was a, another female officer, criminally charged, and another Minneapolis police officer criminally charged as as well. So this is six police officers charged. They tried to to charge another Minnesota State trooper criminally recently.


And the charges were, were dropped. We also lost in the line of duty five first responders. One was a firefighter paramedic in a matter of 13 months in Minnesota. Lost. How, what do you mean? They, You have just this anti law enforcement. They were murdered rhetoric murdered on the job. Five in a matter of a year, basically. Again, something that people don't, Did anyone name a ballpark after any of them? No. Right. So this is nihilists from out of state who hate the United States, hate Christianity, who are trying to invert our society and destroy it. And I'm not saying it's the Chinese, but like, I don't know, I don't know what this is, but it's not bubbling up from the people of Minnesota, is it?


No. In fact, I have never, I struggle sometimes finding people that will say openly that they even support walls as a reporter. It's really shocking to me. I was actually trying to help some news crews that were in town saying, okay, well maybe go to this festival or that they were struggling to, to find people to go on camera that even, you know, would openly admit to supporting him. In fact, his home area in Mankato where he lived for 20 years, they voted for Trump and Walls was on the, the ticket with Kamala. So what does that tell You? Who's gonna be governor next? So, great. That's a great question. He's, he's likely running again, Tim Wal It sounds that way. Gearing up to at this point.


Huh? You think of all the money that we spend, we spend, you know, trillion dollars a year on the military. Not against the military, I guess, but I mean, maybe we could spend some of that money improving our cities or finding better leaders or something. Right? It's just such a tragedy. So let's talk about Minneapolis, the city, all eyes were on it five years ago, almost exactly five years ago, summer of 2020. And the idea was there are all these like systemic racism problems. Nikki Haley told us there, and this was gonna cleanse them through fire. Like what's the city like now? You've been there, you said your whole life. Is it better?


It's unrecognizable in many areas. Not better yet to find anybody who thinks the, the city is, is better five years later. It's unrecognizable in what way? Businesses boarded up, people gone. There was a very bustling, I worked downtown, that's where WCCO was and for, for 14 years, no problem walking around downtown. That was just part of life. Vibrant people out having lunch. It's a ghost town downtown. Graffiti crime. I can't even, I can't even begin to tell you. Even just, just yesterday an 11-year-old boy shot in the middle of the day in a park killed something like that would never happen.


And it's daily, weekly, that these horrific things happen. They never even tracked carjackings in the city of Minneapolis before because they just maybe won a year in the wake of Floyd. There was I think 700 the year after, And it went from one to 700 in one year in, In just a a year. They had to, and they, and again, they have no, they have no cops. So, and you also have policies that have been so dramatically changed. It's a a use of force report basically that they have to fill out. If you handcuff a person in arresting them, you have to call a supervisor to get permission. These are things that are now put in place. You have these violence interrupter groups that have taken over for, for the cops that are basically just seen sitting on their phones e every day.


And that's where our tax dollars are going to pay for these, these groups, many of them have connections to Keith Ellison that's documented. But when I say unrecognizable, it's almost even hard to explain how different life is in Minneapolis now. Do you go? I go for, for work, but even, I was shooting some interviews in, in Minneapolis just recently and it's not uncommon to see crime for yourself happen. Just, you know, on, on the way there's a, you know, somebody down, down the street being held at gunpoint for their car.


I mean, I know I sound it sounds crazy, but it really is like the wild, wild west. There's a naked man that one of my friends captured on his cell phone having lunch in downtown Minneapolis. Just a naked guy walking around on the, on the street drug deals happening. You can see them from above in some of the, the high rise buildings when people even do go. But it's sad. It used to be a place where you'd go see a show and, and certainly people are still doing that, but not anywhere close to, you know, what it once, what it was before Five years ago. Right. This is not like in the seventies. This is five years ago. Right, Right.


Is there, are there, so I'll just, I'll just be totally blunt with you, Liz. I'm, I'm overwhelmed by what you've said. I'm really sad about it even though I'm not from there. Are there any signs of hope that this slide can be arrested? That things can get better? You know, I'm always a, a hopeful person And I think that's why I, I did jump ship and wanted to play a part in telling the truth and join independent media and I've definitely seen more people open their eyes. At least we're willing to now have these conversations. But when you have a political assassination that takes place and you're just like, how is this, this isn't the state that I grew up in again, seems to be unrecognizable, but I remain, I remain hopeful because it really is, it's a beautiful state.


Wonderful people made me who I am. And I I think there are more of us than, than we realize. Sometimes you can feel a little bit out there and alone, but, but there are more of us than we realize. Do you think there's any chance that the normal people who are actually from, unlike Jacob Fry from Minnesota, like take their state back? Yeah, I think that there many people who even five years ago, I mean, I'll just say doing the fall of Minneapolis, I mean, I couldn't even find a hairstylist or a makeup artist because this was crazy. If you could, if you would be willing to tell the truth about this, but You couldn't find someone to do your hair.


People were so, people were so afraid to attach themselves to. And it, it is completely different now. I mean, if you see, you know, people are willing to step up and speak out now, and that wasn't the case. What ever Happened in Black Lives Matter? Do they still exist or they just run off of all the real estate? And I think they, yeah, they, they came in, made a bunch of money and, and left town. I don't, are They working to improve the lives of black people? I haven't seen it in Minneapolis. Boy. They were the most famous group in the world there for a while. Well, we had to like bow down before them and wash their feet and stuff. Did they? But they just, they're gone. Yeah. I've always said that. That's the, the story, right?


You black lives sadly in Minneapolis have never mattered less. I mean, this is, of course they've become, I I, and many of them have reached out, I've done many stories. Their lives, they want police back. They, they want protection and they just, they don't have it anymore. Yeah. And also it's like, it's not even about black or white or it's about America and you don't have a a right to shoot people. You can't do that. Whether you want your neighborhood wants a police presence or not, it's kind of not up to you. We don't put up with murder here because we're a civilized country. That's my view. Last question. If people are interested in following your reporting, where do they find it? So the Fall of minneapolis.com is where you can go more information about the book and the documentary is free.


You can see it right there. And also we've done many follow up stories since on everything that's taken place in Minneapolis. You'll find it on that website. Liz Collin on X is where you can find my reporting in alpha news.org. A team of independent reporters in Minnesota working to uncover all of this. Bless you for doing it. I'm sure it's thankless a lot of the time, but I, I think it's important to tell the truth whether it's acknowledged as true at the time you are creating a documentary record that at the very least historians can assess to find out what really happened. And I just think objectively that matters. Like you want the truth out there. It's a good thing always. Thank you, Tucker. Thank you. Please, Colin, I appreciate it. Thank you.


We wanna thank you for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day. We know the people who run it. Good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bell So you never miss an episode. We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter. Telling the truth always, you'll not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell. We appreciate it. Thanks for watching.