
This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Forget the frustration of picking commerce platforms when you switch your business to Shopify, the global commerce platform that supercharges your selling. Wherever you sell with Shopify, you'll harness the same intuitive features, trusted apps, and powerful analytics used by the world's leading brands. Sign up today for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash tech, all lowercase. That's Shopify dot com slash tech.


So this is a tweet for me. I don't normally read people's tweets, but in standing with Ukraine, the Biden Harris administration convinced them Ukraine to abandon a peace deal that would've seeded only half of the territory that Russia now occupies. And for that opportunity to lose twice as much of their homeland, they paid with tens of thousands of innocent lives. We did this to control the 11 trillion of minerals under the Donbass. We did it to grind down the Russian War machine on the grist of Ukrainian teenagers. We did it to hand out hundreds of billions of dollars to US hedge funds who are, as we speak, carving up rights to Ukraine's fertile soil and vast mineral resources. The truth is, the United States has never stood with the people of Ukraine. That is simply a jingle, an ad campaign broadcast to those who have never been there designed to sell taxpayers on the appeal of prolonging war for profit.


We have cost Ukraine, her territory. We have cost Ukraine. Her children, the Warhawks and the bankers are no friends to Ukraine. Whoa. I was applauding as I read that alone in my truck. Welcome to The Tucker Carlson Show. We bring you stories that have not been showcased anywhere else, and they're not censored, of course, because we're not gatekeepers. We are honest brokers here to tell you what we think you need to know and do it honestly. Check out all of our content at Tucker Carlson dot com.


Here's the episode. I mean, it's a horror. It's a horror. And we are, I we just allocated another a hundred billion. I mean, it's, and where is the end game? But How did you get here? How did you get, I mean, I, you're we're from, you know, the same city basically, and you, you were a CI officer and you are just from a world in which that is an extremely unpopular never uttered sentiment. How did you get to that? Well, part of it is pattern recognition, right? I mean, yes, we, we have done this before and, you know, it's just how many times can you wade through years and years of a war with absolutely no stated end game and, and dwindling public support and mounting civilian casualties and disintegrating homeland because all of your money is being spent, you know, fueling weaponry to blow up over foreign skies and continue to print more money to pay for it.


And the answer the last time around was 20 years. And I, I wanna make sure it's not again, because, you know, here we are at $33 trillion worth of debt, and we are now paying more on those interest payments every year than we are on defense. Completely unsustainable, and most importantly, are the human lives. Yes. Tens of thousands of people who won't, you know, proverbially dance at their children's wedding. That's right. And see the sunrise and drink a cup of coffee. And it's just, that part of it is completely lost.


And when you, when you hear our generals and our political leaders saying, don't you understand this is a great thing. We are achieving this strategic aim of diminishing Russian military reserves, and we don't even have to put a person on the ground. You know, what they are saying is that those Ukrainian children, and now, you know, old men and anyone else that they can put up against the front line are lesser children of God than our own that we would send over there. And, you know, that doesn't fly with me. So It's repugnant. Yeah.


And I know You don't want to talk about yourself, but I'm, because I do, I think I understand your background pretty well. I just, I'm fascinated by the fact that you are saying this and that no one, very few people in the world from, which honestly we both come, are saying anything like this. And so what, why, how did, how did you reach this conclusion? of course, it's pattern recognition. You're saying it's common sense. Like how could you not reach this conclusion? I agree with you, but how is it that almost no one else in Washington is saying anything like this? Yeah, I mean, I wish they would. And I think some of them are seeing it, you know, in the privacy of their own conversations. But I came to it, you know, after nine 11, there was kind of a suspension of opposition to war in our country that yes, you know, maybe has, has never let up.


I mean, there's some recognition now that that poor choices were made there. But in the moment when, you know, France was objecting and we decided to call french fries, freedom fries, and yes, you know, that there was a, a, a real hunger for war. And I Remember gleefully participating in that, to my shame, yes, it, I It was a collective psychosis, maybe a grieving process or, you know, and for me, I'd just, nine 11 happened as I was going into my last year at university. And I, I went to Oxford overseas, and it started in October, so I was home for it.


My mom lived in DC at the time, and I had a whole plan. I was gonna go to Thailand after graduation and do human rights journalism. And I sort of had a background there and on the Ty Burmese border before, before school. And everything changed as it did for so many in our generation, I think on September 11th. And for me, I, I had lost one of my best friends in third grade on the flight that blew up over Lock Bay Scotland. And it brought a lot of that back. And I think hearing the war drums beating for me, I hadn't, oddly enough heard much about the intelligence world.


I mean, I didn't, I didn't know many of the things that I know now. I don't think I probably would've gone into it if I had, but I liked the idea of a kind of a secret diplomatic service. I liked the idea that rather than conduct an incredibly expensive kinetic war, expensive, both in terms of lives and treasure, that you could find out about something before it happened and prevent the attack from happening in the first place, which admittedly was a kind of naive, early twenties understanding of, of the intelligence business. But at its best, you know, that is what it does or what it intends to do.


I think where they get into tremendous trouble is, I'm tempted to say mission creep, but actually it was kind of built in to the entire O-S-S-C-A history. But is when rather than going in and actually reporting what is happening in every corner of the world, they are making it happen. Yes. So it's not really intelligence gathering, it's a, it's a kind of secret military, right? I mean, rather than reporting that a coup is about to take place, you know, for absolute sure it's about to take place.


Right. And that has not worked out in 100% of cases as far as I can tell. And, and yet again, we never learn our lesson. I mean, you look at what's happening in the Middle East now, you know, what, 70 years on post ek and every, oh, if only we had a democratically elected leader in Iran, we did, you know, and people may or may not agree with, with each of these governments, but they are for the people of each country to work through. We had our own revolution in this country. It was a very important, you know, stealing of our national values.


And I think you have to go through that yourself. And I, I worry in Iran that we're, you know, hearing the beginnings of that again, with this kind of royalist sentiment, monarchist sentiment of, you know, well, the human rights abuses there are so egregious that anything would be justified. And it, it, it just, it does no one any favors. So, I mean, what you're describing is conceptual corruption, like a corruption of, of first principles. If the point of your foreign policy is to spread democracy, you can't end democracy in the name of demo. I mean, you just, that's, that's insane.


And no one says that. Yeah. Unless you're the Democratic party in the United States these days who seem to be, you know, have cut their teeth on ending democracy to save it overseas, and now are practicing the same theory here in the United States where they've told us for the last two years. You know, Donald Trump is such a threat to democracy, that we must stage a palace coup, you know, replace our candidate with someone who hasn't received a single vote, undermine every other candidate of our own party, and every other party in the courts censor American citizens, undermine the Constitution all in order to save democracy.


So I think what we, what we reap overseas, we sow, or what we sow overseas, we reap at home. And we're in the midst of that. It does seem like our foreign policy drives our domestic policy, or that there isn't actually much of a domestic policy. There's not a great concern about what happens in the United States in Washington. I have noticed, I came to this over 40 years of watching, but it, that maybe was inevitable. If you start overthrowing democratically elected governments abroad, why wouldn't over time you think that's acceptable in your own country, Acceptable, maybe even noble? I mean, you know, the lies people tell themselves in order to persist with what is ultimately an incredibly profitable business model.


But also, you know, if your end is stability and you tell yourself that stability requires control, you know, and that there need to be small, short-term sacrifices. And I think we really are seeing that bear out in our domestic politics, where increasingly I'm seeing the First Amendment is an obstacle. Does the Constitution, you know, actually serve us these kinds of questions and articles coming out in the media and democratic leaders? And I think it really is a symptom of what we have been spreading around the world. And the results are plain to sea.


You know, I mean, we had more Americans slip into poverty over the last two years than I think any year in the last 50. We, our nuclear clock, you know, we've ticked closer to midnight than at any time since its creation. In 1947, more, more people died around the world in the first two years of Biden Harris for Warren violence than in all four years of Donald Trump. What took I, I think people don't really recognize, and not even just because of Ukraine, even if you take Ukraine out of it. And so I think that, you know, the insecurity that that we see there, and then the fact that at home we have more children living in poverty than any rich nation except for Romania, our life expectancy sits right above Algeria's.


You know, in the 1990s, if you were born in the United States, you could expect to live as long as in any other pure nation. And now you die six years earlier, you know, six years of hanging out with your grandchildren and watching the sunrise on your porch has just been robbed through absolute utter lack of leadership on Yeah. Domestic health priorities. And, and I, it's really time for a shakeup. Everything you said is so nicely put and true. I wonder because you know, a lot of the, you know, you know, a lot of the people operating our current foreign policy, and you worked at one of the agencies prosecuting that foreign policy.


Like did you detect these attitudes when you worked there, when you worked at CIA, did you get the sense that people felt it would be okay to interfere in domestic politics in the us? Well, they were sure keen on doing it in other countries and used a lot of the same tactics. I never witnessed any tendency to do it in the US at all. But it also, you know, I was working very specifically around, I worked UK liaison and then worked operationally on non-proliferation, but specifically within the context of non-state actors.


So very focused overseas, watch the exact same playbook of going in, finding underfunded newspapers and radio stations and TV shows. You know, a benefactor would arrive with funding. And all of a sudden, you know, that mouthpiece is, is presenting stories in a light that, you know, aligns with us foreign policy or the, the preferences of, of whatever leader is in power here. And I think that we are seeing that across the board in media, except for new media like this.


And that's been a godsend to our Domestic politics. But So you think that we're seeing federal agencies, intel agencies influencing American media surreptitiously? Absolutely. I don't think that it's in as, I mean, I doubt they're actually investors. There are layers of this, right? I mean, you see at the most basic level, it's, you run this story for me, and I'll give you The best tip the next time that I have a link. Yes. Right. Which is the oldest exchange in the world. Well, maybe the second oldest. And I've seen It, and it goes on, you know, every day.


But there's no doubt that there are also actual formal sources throughout the media and always have been, you know, What does that mean, a formal source in the media? I mean, you know, an asset, somebody that would be paid by intelligence organizations to, to work on their behalf, play stories on their behalf. And of course, that happens, you know, all across the world. But when it happens in the United States, then it's the end of democracy, of course. Well, look, I mean, we have CSA operating basically a Jira ticketing system for any tweet that the White House chooses to, that they would like to see deleted, even if it's in jest, even if it's satire, they just put it in the ticketing session.


Can you explain what CSA is? Yeah. Well, what's interesting about CSA is that it, you know, it's a, a part of the Department of Homeland Security, but it's supposed to protect our, in our nation's infrastructure from terror attacks. And at the beginning of the Biden administration, a decision was made that information is infrastructure. Oh, it is now, is it, Which has, you know, an Orwellian Tang to it. And as a result, in order to secure it, you know, CSO was quietly empowered with the ability, sometimes directly and sometimes through NGO cutouts to present to all the social media companies and Wikipedia and Amazon, any content that was flagged as concerning And.


they, they, you know, BOLO alerts went out beyond the lookout And. they held weekly meetings and said, you know, here, here put, put an enormous amount of financial pressure on these companies saying, you know, that their legal protections from liability would be withdrawn if they didn't cooperate naming and shaming them if they took, you know, longer than a week to respond on something from the podium in the White House. And Mark Zuckerberg has, you know, spoken publicly and, and written about the degree of pressure that he felt to censor American people.


And we're now seeing UK's Labor party doing the exact same thing here in our own country, which is, you know, in some ways more egregious and, and in other ways, you know, This Is our, what, what do you mean? So, UK the Labor Party, which is currently in power in the uk, has a series of NGOs that it funds and directs that have waged war on free speech, especially what they call Twitter under Musk or Musk's Twitter, that they have gone into multiple offices, Amy Klobuchar, Kamala Harris, and said, you know, that they want to participate in and provide support for destroying Musk's Twitter.


And, you know, this is, Wait, they would be the dreaded foreign actor interfering in our democracy. Correct. That we're always hearing so much about it, it turns out to be the Brits turns, Turns out to be the Brits, you know, and many others. Right. But there is, nobody's fighting them because Labor has just sent, you know, I think 30 people over to campaign for Cam Kamala Harris. Is that, Is that legal? That seems like foreign interference in our, evidently, Their, their approach is that as long as you're not donating money as if you're out on the, if you're out on the campaign trail volunteering that it's legal. But, you know, certainly unwise in my opinion, because, you know, if President Trump wins this election, which he's looking very likely to do right now, you know, it, it it's, it's an improper way to conduct foreign relations.


Right. You don't go to another country and campaign for a particular candidate for office. Yeah. Or try and shut down their most basic rights. I mean, the First Amendment, as everybody always says, it's first for reason. The Constitution, you know, was written a decade later, but largely in response to our secession from Great Britain to come and to meddle with that constitution in our own country. And of course, this follows suit with some of the challenges that we're seeing free speech face in the United Kingdom, where people are being thrown in prison for 10 months, for two years and so forth for, for social media posts, For talking.


Yeah. You're half English, you are educated heavily in England. I Love England. And, and, and by the way, that does not reflect England or, or Great Britain. It is a, a very small group of leaders there who have aligned themselves with a very small group of leaders here in the same way that censorship and, and undermining the Constitution does not reflect the American people. And yet our leaders persist in doing it. So Are you, are you surprised as you look across and see what's happening there? I am. I mean, I, I have a law degree from Oxford on, you know, in English law, and it was always clear that, you know, it's not a written constitution.


It's much more based in precedent, but that there is a deep and abiding respect going back to the Magna Carta for civil liberties. And the idea that an, a flood of immigration, which, you know, we must take a measure of accountability for, because largely our going into Iraq was, was what began that entire shift in the demographics of Europe would have such an impact.


Its fall in the Northeast and that means grouse season. I got up at 5:00 AM yesterday to take my dogs out to hunt for some rough grouse. And before I left, I went to my safe to pull out my grandmother's 28 gauge. Yes, my grandmother was a bird hunter. Where do I keep that treasured possession? I keep it in a liberty safe. For over 35 years, hunters have trusted liberty safes to keep their firearms safe and secure. And we do to this day in my house, Liberty safes are made by American craftsmen right here in the United States. It's a product we believe in. It is a product you use to hide and protect the things you care about most, the things you would least like to see stolen. So it was a special deal for all of you who hunt out there. Liberty is offering an exclusive promotion for our viewers for the month of October. Go to liberty safe.com/ Tucker and place one of their best selling safes in your cart. Use the promo code Tucker at checkout for a great discount. That's liberty safe.com/ Tucker promo code Tucker at checkout for a special deal in October, which by the way, is bird hunting month. With liberty safe, you are always protecting America.


It's time for a redecoration of independence. We're amid a hostile takeover. The globalists and their political henchmen are seeking control of you and America. A group of patriots inspired by Tucker Carlson's famous call to bravery have written a redecoration of independence, demanding that our representatives go to Washington and begin dismantling the Washington political empire. Go to redecoration.org, that's redecoration.org. Read, sign and forward red Declare your independence today.


Can I just ask you to pause our going into Iraq is what set off the demographic shift in Europe? Yeah, I, that's of course true beyond debate, but I think it's underappreciated. Oh yeah. We broke the world for, I used to say we broke the world for 20 years, but here we are. And I think, you know, the, the ramifications we're continuing to deal with And. they, you know, they, they compound because as a result of, of that, you know, we have Brexit, we have many of the pressures that have led to the Ukraine war.


And as a result of that, we're facing, I think, really unprecedented dangers in this country that are also greatly underappreciated and we will respond to if they happen. And I, I, I think that escalatory cycle is what keeps us trapped in, in the bad decision making. And you know, I, I remember at the time in, in Iraq it was, you know, six months we'll be out, they'll greet us as heroes. And the same thing was said in Ukraine. And we find ourselves in these quagmires without realizing that yes, there's a body count.


And by the way, that is generally largely lied about and hidden. Oh, for sure. But then there's this vastly higher body count of those whose lives have been uprooted and who have either died early as a result of, you know, migration or deaths of despair. This is the same with lockdowns. And those numbers are incredibly hard to ever even peg down. And when you look at the millions and millions displaced, I mean, brown University pegs, the, the global war on terrorism as having killed or led to the deaths of 800,000 civilians.


And that is, goes so far beyond what the US will will speak to. And then the, the those that were forced to migrate are in the many millions. And when you take homogenous, you know, Europe is a, is balkanized, but each of each element there is accustomed to being very homogenous. And Those are the indigenous populations Yeah. Of the continent. Right. And when, you know, when I was in, when I was at Georgetown at a w my master's at the School of Foreign Service there, and the, the focus of my thesis was trying to get very quantitative about predicting terrorism, because at the time it was a very squishy subject.


It was post nine 11, and it was mostly qualitative the way people were describing it. And one of the, one of the closest corollaries that I could find to being predictive was the ratio between hookah bars and madrasa, but not just the ratio, the rate at which it changed. And that is, I think, deeply underappreciated. It's not that they don't necessarily plan to, at some point have their demographics look different. Right. But when it's forced so quickly Yes. That nobody can absorb the Pace of change matters.


Yes. It matters. We can't metabolize it. People are not designed for this pace of change at all. It really, really matters. Whatever, you know, that's it. That madrassa bar bars and hookah bars are in the Middle Eastern context. But when you look at what we're experiencing in the US where you have kids who've just come back from a pandemic, then being sent home again to do Zoom school so that their classrooms can be used to house migrants or, you know, hotels all being shut for the same purpose while veterans sleep under bridges on the streets.


It's, it, the scale of it and the the deluge is what makes it impossible for any society to absorb. And that doesn't make it, you know, that doesn't make it racist, it doesn't make it wrong. It, it's human nature to need time and, and the nature of economies and societies to need time to be able to expand and adapt. And I think our going into Iraq Afghanistan a little bit though, in the early days, that was actually pretty well managed before, before it sprawled. But 2003, I think was really the beginning of this era where we were shifting, you know, w we're talking about a rules-based order and breaking every single rule in that rules-based order and then having utter disregard for the social chaos that was resulting Exactly.


Exactly. Exactly. And, and people's need, which is inherent for order and predictability and continuity in their lives and their communities. We always talk about communities. Nobody actually cares about communities. They'll blow them up in a heartbeat. So can I just ask you, I, there's so many threads, but just to get back to what drew you into this kind of amazing life that you've lived, which was nine 11, I don't understand, I sincerely don't understand. Maybe you do, why 23 years later when, you know, every regime in place in 2001 is now different, including the Saudi government? Yeah. Why we would have so many classified documents from that time.


What, what's the excuse for that? I don't get that at all. I mean, why do we still have classified documents from the sixties? Oh, I completely agree. But because nine 11 was, you know, was the world changing event of our lifetimes. Yeah. I think it's fair to say in retrospect, I, I don't understand the justification for that, and I don't know why nobody demands, like why not declassify it? Like why shouldn't it's our country. All these people died, we should know. Right. And I, and I I agree entirely, and I agree. I I mean the same applies for the sixties. I think ultimately, you know, when most Americans go to work for a third of their working week, they're working for the government, they're Yes. Working, they're taking that money, having spent the day away from their family sacrificing whatever they would prefer to be doing And.


they don't get to keep any of it. They turn it all over to the government. The government works for the people directly. I mean, they are directly paid by the people. And if you boss asks what you've been doing, and you know, you say, sorry, I can't tell you it's classified, it doesn't cut it. You know? Yeah. And, you know, are there, are there moments where, you know, the actual identity of a source who's, you know, preventing nuclear war with the Russians is at stake? Sure. But they're actually quite few and far between. And you know, I think there is a bureaucratic inertia here.


Some of it is, some of it is CYA and some of it is, you know, probably more nefarious than that. But there is also a lot of bureau bureaucratic inertia. And it's one of the reasons I'm excited about the prospect of Elon getting in there, but to, to do some surgery on, on some of that bureaucracy. But, you know, CIA 1 0 1, when you start, you have this one week, you know, fill out your tax forms, get the same as you would with any other job. Like nothing sexy about it at all. There's just, here's the insurance program and, and the person who's gonna work in, you know, the coffee shop is sitting next to someone who's about to go down to the farm. It's just everybody goes through it.


And the email client that you use there looks a lot like Gmail. I mean, it's provided by Google and it has all the normal fields and then an additional field that's for, for classification. And it's a, a dropdown menu. And it, when it first drops down, it's all check boxes with their own, you know, sub subsets. And it's hundreds of different classifications, all different numbers and codes. And You can hover over them. And, they say when to use 'em. But, but there are a lot, and we were told in that first day, you know, in that first course, you know, just to make it easy on yourself, pick HCS 4 0 4 checkbox, it hit, save his favorites, it'll come up every time.


And then you don't have to worry about it. Well, that's, you know, human compartmented sensitive information. It's usually reserved for, you know, the actual identity address or identifying details of a source that whose life could be in danger for what they're doing. And yet here it's being used for, you know, I'll meet you at four 30 at Dunking Donuts and everything in between, good and bad, nefarious and not, and the problem with that is that it is completely exempt from any declassification threshold ever. And as a result of this kind of administrative tweak, which is either just to save people time or maybe to, you know, reduce the number of things that will ever eventually be published, now you have class after class, after class of ca officers that, you know, just chronically make sure that every single email they ever write will never see the light of day.


And I think that is being done across government. So literally the default is secrecy from the public, right? Yeah. The default is you will never know, you never know how much money was spent, what it was spent on, whether it was legal, you know, whether you spent that Tuesday away from your family working to pay taxes and those taxes went to kill someone, or went to save someone's life. There's no, no accountability and There's no way to know, And there's no way to know And. there could be. Right. I, I have a lot of respect for, for the role of intelligence agencies in saving lives and in preventing conflict and attacks.


I think they're actually far more valuable in that than many people realize because they have so solid their name by getting into all kinds of other business that, that they shouldn't be doing. But there is a very valuable role for them. And in that there are some things that do, you know, need to remain secret. But 20 years later, 40 years later, 60 years later, you know, that then it becomes about quote unquote preserving trust in our institutions. Right. Continuing to Lie to you, which is, you know, code for, if you knew what we did, then you would shut us down now, you know.


And is, I assume that's the motive behind continuing to classify documents from 1963 in the Kennedy associ? Well, it's sure not sources and methods, right? Yeah. I mean, if it is, then, you know, we've got, we need, we need to update our sources. Sources. Yeah. We need to update our sources and methods. But it there, it's not, I mean, from time to time they, they will say, this is about protecting allies. of course, I think we would all wanna know if, if there were allies or any other nation states involved in what happened in the sixties or what happened in nine 11. So it, protecting anyone above the American people who you work for doesn't really make a lot of sense.


They'll Actually say it's to protect allies. Well, not about a specific operation, but as a reason for long-term classification when pushed. Yeah. That's pretty outrageous that they would admit that. I mean, So the interest of a foreign country are more important than the interest of the American people. I think they're, I think there kind of argument would be, if I were to steal man, it eventually the American people will be protected by something that we need from that ally. Some kind of, you know, security collaboration or whatever we might need down the road. And therefore, you know, we must keep that relationship strong.


And again, if it is the identity of somebody who's working with you, whose family is gonna be in danger, that is absolutely true. And maybe that's still true 40 years later, you know, it's possible that it is in certain circumstances. But How about, how about 61 years later? Yeah. I mean, less and less likely. What do you think? That's about The assassinations of the sixties. Yes. Oh, I could talk to you about that all day. I Bet you've intersected with it on various levels in your life. I have. Yeah. And, and I feel something of a responsibility to, to get to the bottom of that at, at least in my lifetime for my children.


You know, I mean, my, my daughter Bobcat is Bobby the fourth, so her great-grandfather was RFK. And, and I don't, I wanna be able to look at her and, and for her to know whether or not her own government was involved in these assassinations, and if so, what's been done about it to make sure that that never ever happens again. That there's never a coup like that in this country again. And I think when you look at the collaboration that was going on in those days between the intelligence community and organized crime and the mob, you know, there, there, there were very blurry boundaries.


And I worry that today the cartels have kind of taken the mob's role in that world. The cartel, meaning the Latin American drug cartels. Yeah. Do you, you think that the US government is working with the cartels? I I mean, working with is a is broad, right? I mean the, the intelligence community's job is to protect the American people. And sometimes they interpret that as requiring collaboration with criminal elements, with terror organizations ostensibly as part of cover to, you know, to complete an operation that will save American lives or provide information that, you know, would be helpful to American leaders.


Clearly in the sixties that ended up being manipulated into a broader collaboration that allowed us government elements to undertake activities that they could not directly undertake by law. And, you know, I think we've seen that even with liaison partnerships, you know, it's clear that five eyes has been used, you know, liaison intelligence liaison partners have been used to surveil leaders in our own government when our intelligence agencies could not do it directly because there's no prohibition on sharing intelligence, right.


So you get a foreign intel service to do the work for you, and then you get the information Right. And similarly, you get an NGO or a contractor to censor the American people, or you get a criminal organization to undertake a criminal act that, you know, you, you might, might not be so savory for your own officers to do. And that, you know, I, I never worked in Latin America. So it's not, it's not something that I have directly witnessed, but I certainly have direct, you know, knowledge of it happening Of the US government collaborating or having some relationship that's not purely antagonistic with the Mexican and or other drug cartels.


Sure. And I, and, and I think, you know, again, this steel man would be, this is for the benefit of the American people. Well, It's always for your own good. For sure. Yeah. Including true. And look, there, is there an argument for having penetrations in the top of the cartels in the same way that you do at the top of, you know, the Iranian or Russian or any other adversarial government? Sure. These, I mean, many of them are as powerful and threatening as, as a, as a a nation state. The problem though is money. Right? And there's just so much money spinning off of these enterprises, these, the cartels that, I mean, you could just see corruption happening very easily.


And I, I know one person who was involved in that, who, who I trust, I can't prove it, but who, who worked for CIA as a contractor moving over as so many do from Yeah. The military. And, you know, he's told me at great length about the money that CIA was getting from, from drug cartels in Latin America in South America in his case. I can't prove that. But I, I was shocked to hear that. You don't seem shocked to hear that. Well, I mean, look at Iran Contra, you know, I mean, look at Air America and Vietnam, like these are, it's not, this is not a new pattern for intelligence. And when you look at black budgets, you know, I mean, Congress was stunned that there were operations happening in Niger, and obviously they control the purse strings.


So who's funding that? Right? And. so that pattern has gone back a long way where, where the narcotics trade has, has funded off book activities or that, you know, that is obviously what happened with the Contras and has has happened before and since, Given how many Americans are dying or whose lives are being destroyed, families wrecked entire parts of the country just devastated by drugs. It's, it's a little much, I mean, that's like kind of at this point, like Nazi collaboration level Yeah.


Immoral, I would say. You know, It is, it's pouring over the border and along with it, you know, humans and children. And I think we really are seeing the devastation that that reaps, as you say, the, I mean the, just the sheer scale and the sum of the revenue involved makes it a, a, a, a real challenge.


So we're getting pretty close to presidential election that probably has you thinking about the future and possibly feeling a little anxious about it. So what can you do to secure your future? Well, probably a lot of things, but maybe one of the first, and this is not glamorous, but get some life insurance. According to the annual Insurance Barometer study, 41% of people don't have the coverage they need should something unexpected happen to them and unexpected things happen. In fact, it's gonna happen to all of us. Not to be morbid. You don't wanna leave a mess behind. You've got people who love you and depend on you. They have mortgage payments or credit card debt, they need money and you don't wanna leave them in the lurch. And that has happened probably to People, you know, and that's why we're proud to partner with Policygenius. It's a very straightforward tool that helps you find the right life insurance policy at The best price. So You can have some peace of mind. Policygenius, it is easy. You can find life insurance policies that start at just $292 per year for a million dollars of coverage. Some options are a hundred percent online and let you avoid unnecessary medical exams. And if you're in the business of avoiding unnecessary medical exams, that's good news. Policygenius combines The best of a fast and easy to use digital tool with the expertise of real licensed agents. You compare quotes from America's top insurance side by side for free. So it's not confusing and you don't suspect that you're getting shafted because you're not. Go to Policygenius dot com slash Tucker to get your free life insurance quotes and see how it works and how much you could save. That's Policygenius dot com slash Tucker.


So what about congressional oversight? I mean, I, you wonder about the committee chairman in the house, a couple Republicans who I know who seem to me as an outsider, sort of outsider, completely controlled by the Intel agencies. Is that your perception? I mean, look at Chuck Schumer's comment. Yes. They have six ways to Sunday to get back at you. Remember when he said that to Rachel Maddow vividly. Yeah. And, you know, she didn't look too surprised. I think it's a known, it's a known quantity, obviously it goes back to Hoover that was very well known within Intel.


People say, oh yeah, you know, that guy has a Hoover file on him, meaning this or that policy maker. Something is known that means that. So That's real. Oh yeah. Yeah. I mean, I look at the Speaker of the House whose views on everything kind of changed instantly on the, on the foreign policy questions. And I think, what are the cha, I mean, there's never been a more obedient speaker to the, to the will and whims of the Intel community than Mike Johnson. And you sort of wonder like, what is that? Well, I I, I mean, I don't know the answer, but You look at, you know, the legislation that has come up through the house on multiple things, you know, on election integrity, on EMP preparedness, both are two, you know, completely different things.


Both of them actually the SHIELD Act in both cases, but several other iterations that passed the house with real bipartisan support and then just got completely gummed up in the Senate. And these are things that seem so unassailable and, and supported across the board by, you know, regular American voters in the base across both parties that you have to, you have to ask what, what Hoover files are involved, and if not a Hoover file, then a, you know, a, a second house wherever.


But I think between That is so corrupt. It's hard even to believe. It is. It is, but it's harder to believe that we're not gonna do anything to root it out, you know? And I, I think you have to name a problem and, and really recognize it before You can fix it. And it, it's something that I admire about what, you know, Matt Taibbi and and Shellenberger did with the Twitter files was for Elon to go in and say, you know, before I even touch anything on day one, please document for posterity all of the abuses that have been happening here so that A, we can fix 'em and b, the American people know this was happening and can prevent it from happening again.


And, you know, if that hadn't happened, we wouldn't know what so said been up to, which also oversees election integrity, by the way, and how important that It oversees election integrity. Yeah, Yeah. Those are, its two, it's two outside of, you know, bridges and ports and regular infrastructure. Those are, its two big focuses or censorship of social media and election integrity. Of course, you can't have election Take from that way. You Can election integrity with censorship because censorship is itself an interference in the democratic Process. Certainly, I mean, when you look at the Hunter Biden laptop story and you know, it's been so successfully kind of sidelined that it's hard to even bring up, honestly, people would kind of roll their eyes and, oh, not the hunter button laptop story again.


But what I find really astounding about that is that, you know, it was Tony Blinken as a campaign official for, for now President Biden who rang up the CIA and said, you know, we have a debate next week and we need to be able to rebut this and can you write this letter? And in it, I mean, it's just such clear politicization of our security services, which is foundationally against everything that I was taught when I, I mean, when I started there, I was told that if you had a partisan pin in the felt of your cubicle wall, you could be fired.


And here we have, you know, that's for the rank and file, but the seventh floor are, you know, writing false intelligence estimates to get a presidential candidate out of hot water for his son's documentation of business deals that frankly look pretty corrupt and that the voter should get to make up their own mind about, and maybe you're somebody who would look at the correspondence in that laptop and not be bothered by it. But you should get to make that decision before you cast your vote.


And having a government agency where, you know, the, the c I can come in and say, this is Russian disinformation, when it flat out was not, was completely authentic. And then CSA can actually get to work for the coming four years while that person is president memory holding that. Because every single post about it is then flagged as misinformation is truly a, a violation of election integrity, if ever there was one. I mean, all of the studies around that, the polling around it, say that it would've changed a sufficient enough votes to have an impact on the election.


And if having your security services step in to lie about a foreign adversary's involvement in the election in order to conceal from voters correspondence of your own corrupt dealings with other foreign adversaries and have it change the outcome of the election is not interference. It's hard to know what It's So nicely put. Were you shocked by that when you saw it? I was shocked by it when, when I realized that, that it was intentionally manufactured in that way.


I mean, I think when I first heard it, you know, it seemed unlikely to me, but I hadn't really fully caught on at that point how manufactured the entire, you know, laptop story was like, it it seemed like too audacious an intrusion into domestic political life. I felt like they wouldn't, they wouldn't have gone that far that publicly to just out and out lie about it. And, you know, And they did, and not only did they, but then the person who who orchestrated it is now our Secretary of state going and preaching democracy all around the world.


It's pretty dark. It must be bewildering for you who, who are once part of the machine. Yeah. I mean to, Yeah. I mean, I can walk around that building in my, you know, with my eyes closed and say, you know, that door goes to this office and I go, and nowhere in any of those offices was the, like overthrow governments and metal with domestic politics office. Right. So, you know, I I was never exposed to it. And it could be because in the early days I definitely threw up the flag on a few things and said, Hey, this, you know, they were using a lot of honorifics in the early days after nine 11, where kind of in English it would be like Mr.


Doctor, you know, but after nine 11, everybody was sending in Arabic language threat reporting, or they were getting Arabic language threat reporting from their sources. And, they were not Arabic speakers. And so there were these huge files for people like Haji Yemeni, which is like someone who's completed the Hajj and comes from Yemen, which is, you know, many, many people to put it mildly. And, and so picking one person up and, you know, rendering them to another country because they fit that description when it's not a name and it's not an identifier was a, you know, a, a a human rights nightmare.


Did that happen? Different name. But I, I remember raising my hand around that 'cause I was taking like Arabic 1 0 1 at, in my last year of grad school at Georgetown, and I had a wonderful Egyptian professor and he had just done a class on honorifics at the beginning to kind of like warm people up and teach them pronunciation. And I was literally that far and it made so, so brand new. And if that hadn't happened, I wouldn't have recognized it. But, and it ended up, you know, actually being right. I mean, they, they'd, they'd, it, it was the wrong person. And by the time that was recognized, they had, you know, force fed him through his nose and, you know, just a whole human rights nightmare.


That's, I'm sorry to laugh, that's just so Horrible. It's so, so horrible as to not be they Forced fed him through his nose. Well, I'm, I'm sharing what was in public, just just to be clear, sorry, I'm sharing what was in the public account. So I, you know, I, I don't wanna get go beyond that, but it was the first time that I said, you know, this is, who do I talk to about this? This shouldn't have, you know, this shouldn't be happening. And I think from that moment on my senses that I was kind of put in the pile of like, this is a person who will make, she's not gonna just go along, right? Like she'll, she, she will make trouble.


I, I think I, I got filtered out of the go ment coups in foreign country risk recruitment program, thank God. But I never witnessed any of that there. It, it was actually really once I left that, in some ways I feel like my education in the intelligence world began and I knew a lot of really great people there, intellectually curious, smart, good hearted, many theologians, many poets, like really like interesting unique group of people who argued a lot about where we should be and what we should be doing and the morality of things. I didn't find it to be an evil place at all.


But I also am aware that I never came across any of the kinds of operations that, you know, now are being uncovered. And so I think I was working, you know, the keep keeping nuclear precursors out of the hands of terror suspects is like a, a, a, a fairly easy moral choice, right? And so I, I never was exposed to any of that and it was deeply distressing after leaving to, to watch all of the subsequent declassification of what was being done at Abu Grave and elsewhere and, you know, Kat's eye in Thailand.


And I hadn't, hadn't been aware of any of that. And then to see it weaponized domestically was the, because of course that's the end of that story when you really think about it. Yeah. You know, there's no, the end, the way that we treat other people is how we treat ourselves the way that we treat people outside ends up in our home. You know, it's just the natural way of things. And I think it's no surprise when we've subjugated the world into kind of us versus them thinking and control being our kind of benevolent, benevolent control being our love language globally as a nation That, you know, our our leaders end up doing the same thing at home and feeling like it's noble.


So again, nicely put, you made reference a moment ago to changes under, in the first years of the Biden administration, first months to our EMP preparedness. Can you explain what an EMP is and what changed? Yeah, I mean, this is increasingly relevant now, and it's, it's a great credit to President Trump that he prepared us for it. And then unfortunately to President Biden that he revoked it. So let me sort of explain a little about what it is. Do you remember over the last couple of weeks there's been, there've been solar storms and we've gotten to see the Northern lights much Yes.


You know, farther south, which is beautiful and maybe people were worn, there might be slight disruptions to electronics, but for the most part it's been, it's been beautiful and uneventful. Those solar storms can be far more powerful than that naturally. So before even getting into human weaponizing of that, there've been lots of examples, but the Carrington event is probably The best known right? In 1859. And was so, I mean a set, you know, telegraph operators on fire set, set forest fires, you damage the, the transatlantic cable miles beneath the ocean.


And NASA says that we're it to happen again. Now given the interconnected electrical grid that didn't exist then that, you know, we'd be looking at, at darkness around most of the globe, possibly for years, up to seven years is what they, they have said. And that these, that these electromagnetic ejections happen from the sun every a hundred to 150 years of that, of that magnitude. O of course that was, you know, in 1850. So we're coming up due for one, their current estimate is about 12% chance per decade.


So not a non-zero chance, fairly likely that in our lifetime or a kid's lifetime, we'll experience another one of these Carrington events. In fact, there was one in 2012 that came extremely close to us. It would've been absolutely catastrophic, but didn't, didn't hit. And then that would mean no electricity for years. Right. And that, you know, that sounds inconvenient and you know, maybe people can see how it would be, you know, it would cause some loss of life. But I think there's part of us when we hear that, that thinks like, I could use a break from Twitter. Yeah. You know, like, it might be kind of nice. The thing is that what, what people don't realize is that the world is no longer what it was in the 19th century.


That, that almost everything at this point involves what they call SCADA systems, which are these small computers that use sensors to move valves or, you know, whether it's how many, how much natural gas can move through a pipeline, when to turn on the coolers in a nuclear power plant to make sure that there's not a meltdown when to allow water to go over the Hoover Dam to prevent flooding, you know, air traffic control, traffic lights and so on, all operated by SCADA systems now. And those are, are all susceptible to, to this exact same kind of attack or in the early days, you know, what we were just talking about was in the, in the case of a solar flare.


But humans being what they are, they've learned to weaponize this. Right. And we know this because we have done it. Starfish Prime was the first test in 62 where the US realized that this could be used as a weapon and did the test above the Pacific and had knocked out, you know, capabilities in Hawaii and, and farther beyond. And so there was that recognition. We now know that the, the Soviets figured it out even earlier. They told us during the kind of deante in the nineties that they had already done seven tests at that point over Kazakhstan and wiped the entire power grid of, of Kazakhstan actually, you know, created a lot of suffering in the process.


But they saw it as having huge potential as a weapon because of that and began developing out, you know, what they called a super mp, which is very specifically tuned not for yield, but for electromagnetic pulse. And these are, you know, these are detonated 30 kilometers or so above a country. So you're not actually destroying anybody with the, with the explosion it is with the, using the mps to kill the grid. What is now by many of our adversaries mentioned in their military manuals is no contact wars.


So this is, you know, win World War III without ever having to have contact with the adversary. And when you look at the delivery mechanisms that are available here, and the way that we're seeing mps discussed in China and Iran and Russia, North Korea, there are a wide variety of them. I mean, North Korea in 2013 ran the exact optimal orbit with its KSM three satellite over New York and Washington DC That would be the optimal delivery for this kind of a, a weapon.


And on the very same day, in April of 2013, sent military special forces essentially that have never been identified in to, to break into a, a substation pg and e substation near San Jose in California and North Korean Well thought to be North Korean. Never. I actually identified or apprehended exactly the same day on the West coast that they did the satellite run on the East coast.


What'd They do at the pg e substation? They Pacific Gas and Electric, by the way. Yes. For our East Coast viewers, For our East case. They were assessed to be extremely professional by the, the SEAL trainers who came in later to look at the site. They knew about an underground comms tunnel that they went in and cut communications and used sniper fire to damage, but not take offline 17 transformers Wait. In the United States. In the United. States, yep. but we Had a, we had a North Korean well team of Sabo saboteurs or saboteur sent by North, Well, certainly professional special forces of some variety thought to be North Korean, just outside San Jose.


In Coyote, coyote, California,


we Did an interview with a woman called Casey Means she's a Stanford educated surgeon and really one of the most remarkable people I have ever met in the interview. She explained how the food that we eat produced by huge food companies, big food in conjunction with pharma, is destroying our health, making this a weak and sick country. The levels of chronic disease are beyond belief. What Casey means, we've not stopped thought thinking about ever since, is the co-founder of a healthcare technology company called Levels. And we are proud to announce today that we are partnering with Levels. And by proud, I mean Sincerely Proud Levels is a really interesting company and a great product. It gives you insight into what's going on inside your body, your metabolic health. It helps you understand how the food that you're eating, the things that you're doing every single day are affecting your body in real time. You put stuff in your mouth speaking for myself anyway, and You, don't think about it. You have no idea what you're putting in your mouth and you have no idea what it's doing to your body. But over time you feel weak and tired and spacey. And over an even longer period of time, You can get really sick. So it's worth knowing what the food you eat is doing to you. The Levels app works with something called a continuous glucose monitor. A CGM You can get one as part of the plan, or You can bring your own. It doesn't matter. But the bottom line is big tech, big pharma and big food combined together to form an incredibly malevolent force pumping you full of garbage on healthy food with artificial sugars and hurting you and hurting the entire country. So with levels you'll be able to see immediately what all this is doing to you. You get access to real-time, personalized data, and that's a critical step to changing your behavior. Those of us who, like Oreos can tell you firsthand, this isn't talking to your doctor in annual physical looking backwards about things you did in the past. This is up to the second information on how your body is responding to different foods and activities, the things that give you stress, your sleep, et cetera, et cetera. It's easy to use. It gives you powerful, personalized health data. Then You can make much better choices about how you feel. And over time, it'll have a huge effect. Right now, You can get an additional two free months when you go to Levels link slash Tucker, that's levels link slash Tucker. This is the beginning of what we hope will be a long and happy partnership with levels. And Dr. Casey means


I was, you know, I was an adult in 2013, Obama was president. I was reading the news, I don't remember. No, it was, it was reading about this very, very downplayed as vandalism. And you know, two months later, July we had, or a few months later in July, they found two Essay, two nuclear capable missiles in the, the bay of a, of a tanker in the Gulf of Mexico. And this was all really as the, as the North Korean tensions were mounting, you know, which President Trump gets far too little credit, in my opinion, for, for that resolution or Dayton.


And now, you know, under Biden Harris, we have, we have North Korean troops being pulled by Putin into the war in Ukraine. So that escalation is, is back in play again. But those are three distinct ways to attack our electrical grid that were all mounted within, you know, a a handful of months. And as a result, in 2014, NORAD announced that they were fully moving and investing hundreds of millions of dollars into further rad, heartening Cheye, Cheyenne Mountain. So they've taken it very seriously for their own force protection, which is good, but not for the rest of us.


And can you ex just give us the cliff notes on what, what that means? Hardening Cheyenne Mountain. Okay. So it's actually very easy if you put your phone in the microwave, right? It is, it is safe from this kind of electromagnetic radiation. And so the question is, when you look at something as complex as our entire national grid, what are the nodes that are most vulnerable to this kind of attack? And really there, the, there's sort of two categories that are highest consequence. One are the SCADA systems that would allow for the resulting forest fires and nuclear meltdowns and floods and plane crashes and hospital failures and traffic crashes and so forth.


If they fail And, they are as easy to protect as, you know, putting them in a metal shed instead of a wooden shed. Or taking the wooden sheds that exist and covering them with, you know, metal mesh to the de to the point that, you know, you could put that out for people in each community with specs. And I'm sure that they would get together on a Sunday and do it, you know, but regulation in our country doesn't allow us to do that. That, so the SCADA systems protecting those and then the extra high voltage transformers are a huge issue and sticking point for our grid.


They only make about 200 of them a year, and they're incredibly expensive. Hundreds of tons, you know, to move. And the coils are done mostly by hand, amazingly. I mean, they're custom made And, they were invented here in the us. Tesla invented them here, but we don't make them anymore. And most of the ones for export are made in Germany or South Korea. And they're, they're designed custom for each spot. So it's very hard to have extras for each one on hand. And they need to be in Faraday cages, which is, you know, sounds fancy, but is basically just a, a wire mesh cage.


Yeah, a wire mesh cage. And you know, the benefit of this despite, you know, in addition to protecting against this kind of attack, is that there are a lot of other grid vulnerabilities that, or maybe maybe lower damage when they happen, but higher likelihood, you know, an EMP attack or, or a, a solar flare or low probability, high catastrophe events, but weather related damage is, is the opposite or sometimes catastrophic in its impact as we've seen recently, right. In North Carolina and elsewhere. And a lot of the same guards around, especially around protecting from cascading SCADA failures where, you know, the, the charge can be, the surges can be pre prevented, is really important to the EMP safety, but also would help prevent in those kinds of storm environments.


And then you look at sabotage and vandalism, which is another really big issue that they have to protect against. And a faraday cage, depending on its construction, can also, you know, prevent people from seeing where it is that they're, that they're letting off small arms fire or that they're targeting, which we see, I mean, you know, when I drove in here, when you first arrive in your town on the left, there's a little substation and it has a chain like fence around it, you know, no cameras. And that's the same all over the country. And everyone just sees those, you know, they see the little coils and don't really think much of it. But I've, I've been here 50 years and never noticed it was there.


That's right. I mean, and that's true. Our eye just, you know, we're so accustomed to, to filtering these things out, but the entire basis of our life and our community and our country and our national security and our, our healthcare, our financial system all relies on them. And it's not just, you know, detonating a nuclear weapon above the United States, obviously there's a deterrent effect. There would be a response because Cheyenne Mountain and other parts are completely rad hardened. So even if the entire country were out, you know, the United States would be able to respond and has had subs overseas and so on.


But You can achieve pretty much the same impact with commercially available EMP suitcases that You can buy for industrial reasons with no, you know, no special license or anything like that. And, you know, if you pick the right nine substations to put that suitcase next to you, have achieved the exact same thing. And as You can see, you know, with the, the San Jose attack, those people were never actually seen on camera And. they were never, I mean, You can see them as figures, but they were never identified. So there's vandalism, their natural weather events, including the solar flares storms that you mentioned, and then there's EMP.


So the threats to the grid and to our, the lives of 350 million Americans are, are completely real and in some sense imminent. Like we know this is gonna happen at some point. So the federal response hardening the grid changed when Biden got elected. Yeah. And this is what is really hard to accept. And it's very similar actually to what happened with the border wall, which is here you have two policies. The EMP executive order The, president Trump was the first president to ever direct all parts of government to work together to be sure that the American people were protected from intentionally MP attack after decades of knowing that our primary adversaries were all considering IT training for it had weapons programs designed to do this.


And by the way, I mean before we get to Biden, you know, the primary delivery mechanism in all of those tests was a high altitude balloon. You know, when we then have China, a primary adversary who we know have talked in their training sessions and their training manuals about using high altitude balloons to deliver this kind of an EMP device and have done tests where it's the same exact payload as the high altitude balloons that were recovered. And then you have Russia, what I'm sure you remember last year, Washington worked itself into quite a justified, in my opinion, state about, you know, the quote unquote space nuke, right.


Putting a nuclear weapon into orbit on a satellite. And at the time the media made it out like this was maybe a danger. And even if it was a danger, it's only a danger to other satellites, right? And it would, it would get in the way of your car's GPS and, you know, maybe it would be problematic for the military, and so we should pay attention to it, but they definitely downplayed its impact on anyone on the ground, right? And yet we know from past Russian trials and the, the essay three satellite that, that the North Koreans sent over, that this kind of delivery is the exact same set up as an anti-satellite weapon.


You put a nuclear weapon on a satellite headed up from the south where we have virtually no detection set up, and you don't even get the 22 minutes that you would get with a solar flare. It just comes completely out of the blue. And there's no preparation whatsoever. And in general, in the, you know, in the military theory of these, of these adversaries, it's a multi-pronged attack, right? That's the initial you take out, you know, you send, send everybody into chaos and you take out their ability to communicate with one another, and then it's followed by whatever comes next.


And for us to know, to have seen that in, you know, war games in at least two of our largest adversaries, both Ron and Russia have included in, in their, their training simulations. It's in three of their manuals, China, Russia and Iran. Russia we know is putting a nuclear weapon in, in orbit. China's sending the space balloons, they've, I mean, the high alt two balloons, they've already come across our own territory, North Korea, three, three-Way attack simulation, that all three were successful.


Clearly this is on the minds of our adv adversaries, and it's an imminent dangers, certainly the, the vulnerability that, you know, the area in which we are most vulnerable for maximum casualties and impact. And yet, president Trump's was the first president to, to say, across different parts of government who sometimes have a hard time talking to one another. I want you to work together to make sure that the American people are protected from this. And by the way, it's not even that expensive in the big scheme of, you know, government spending, I think to do it really well. The, the cost estimate was $2 billion, which, you know, we've just sent another a hundred billion to Ukraine.


So then Biden takes office and frankly, in my mind, just inconceivably revokes that, and in the same way that he says with the wall, you know, both of those to my mind are initiatives that are already underway, that are designed to protect the American people's security and homeland. And he reversed for, you know, with, with no, with no replacement plan in place, But it, you know, with the border wall, you could, and I think that's a, a more complex topic than we appreciate, like what is the point of what they just did?


I, I don't know, but at least there was a perceived political constituency Yeah. In favor of mass immigration. Okay. They thought it would make it a one party state. That's why they're for it. Got it. What could possibly be the motive for not defending yourself in a sensible way from an EMP attack? Like I don't get that at all. Support from the electrical industry. Ooh, really? Yeah, there's a huge amount of pushback. So it gets a little bit in the weeds and boring, but there's, there are these two things, the NERC and the ferc, yeah, yeah. And. they are supposed to regulate one another basically, or one, you know, FERC is supposed to regulate ner and unsurprisingly in that kind of a cozy relationship, it doesn't work.


And, they do have some self-imposed EMP standards, but they are for a, a reasonably light solar storm and would not come anywhere close to being able to withstand any kind of nuclear fallout and really push back on the costs that would be involved. And the, the difficulty, you know, it could be passed on to consumers at 20 cents per consumer per year, which I think most consumers, when they really understand that this is, this would, you know, keep their power on not just in those extreme circumstances, but also help in storms and with vandalism and with these other, and keep Millions from starving to death, right?


Billions, potentially. I mean, these, these are global. I mean it in our, in our country not, but, but these certainly will be global issues. And, there will be global competition for the very slow to build transformers that would fix them, right? And so it's really important to recognize that everybody else will be going through the same thing at the same time. It's not like You can find a way to walk to outside of that area so that You can get order something and bring it back in, right? In terms of rebuilding your grid. So potentially catastrophic, non-zero chance of it happening.


I mean, 12% per decade is, and I should say that the EMP committee, that congress put in place and unfortunately was disbanded under President Obama, but prior, prior to that, included really the intelligence community's best analysts based on all of the testing that they'd seen hostile countries do. Their estimate was eight to nine out of every 10 Americans could lose their life by the end of the first year. Which is a staggering and almost impossible to believe estimate until you realize that, you know, within, obviously at the outset you have half a million people in the air at any given time on a thousand flights, right?


So that's lost right away. And then so everyone on an Airplane does, right? So that's half a million people at any moment, any given moment. And then you have, you know, obviously traffic and everything that, that happens in, in that immediate chaos. But very quickly after that, the SCADA systems begin to fail. And you have fire, you have flood within 72 hours, you have meltdown at all nuclear facilities, and then refrigeration has gone out at supermarkets and at the regional food warehouses.


So the food supply ends, there's no, you know, there's no access to ATMs or money or financial structure of any type, any type, no access to your prescription medications, you know, no access to law enforcement and no clean water and no food. So unless you know you have your burkey, that You can put lake water in and, you know, a year's worth of food and a way to protect yourself, you know, you've, which the vast majority of Americans don't have, you are in an incredibly vulnerable position that there's absolutely no reason to risk putting our own people.


And if You're, and, and that's just for people who are outside the cities, but if you're in the middle of a Yeah, tightly packed metro area, you're just done. Yeah. And the, and this, the, I mean, I can't even imagine people's be having, you know, covered chaos in Baghdad and Right. Hurricane Katrina, you know, anyone who's ever seen the, you know, disappearance of authority knows that like within hours people start going crazy and hurting each other. And you have, you know, you have your kids in your apartment and how do you get them out and how do you get them to safety and where do you take them? And, you know, the prospect of even rolling any kind of dice to put our our own people in that situation while then glibly taking the money that we could spend doing that and instead send it to, to arm Ukraine when sending ballistic missiles into Russia using American satellite, you know, puts us in a direct hot war with Russia for the first time ever.


You know, that, that actually puts us at a higher risk of this kind of attack than ever in our history. And at a moment where instead of spending our money to protect ourselves from that attack, we're actually spending our money to provoke that attack. We Did a live tour last month, one of the funnest things we've ever done, coast to coast, 16 different cities speaking. Well, next week, our grand finale Halloween, October 31st, 2024 in Glendale, Arizona, our special guest that night, days before the presidential election, Donald Trump all proceeds donated to Hurricane Relief. We're proud to do it. Hope to see you there.


So I, I, I don't know that one in a million Americans has ever heard any really, anything you just said or certainly not heard it fleshed out in the way that you just did. And yet when you hear it, it makes sense and it's clearly true. So that raises the question about our information, you know, the integrity of our information sources, and why aren't we hearing this from the press, from the media? I don't understand that. Well, I, you know, I think there's a party line right now in the media if you haven't noticed, and this, I think does not support the security states thesis about, about how safe the current administration has made us in the world.


Right. And, you know, when you look at, when you look at the economy versus stability, you know, four years ago and now it is just absolutely clear that we should be talking about the fact that the world has been set on fire over the last four years, and yet it's really not front and center in our news at all with, you know, with the exception of of the Middle East, which, you know, gets I think, pretty slanted coverage. So, oh, you think, you know, I, having come through two years of the RFK campaign, I will tell you it is, I mean it's truly amazing to me how to what degree a media blackout really can be coordinated and, and be successful.


What was Your, tell us what was your experience? I mean, it was clear to me pretty early on that, you know, you were, if you were someone who had heard from Bobby, then you were someone who was at least considering voting for him. And, and many of those People, you know, were very clear that he was, should be the next president of the United States. So you're either somebody who had heard from Bobby, or you were somebody who had heard about Bobby right. From your cable news source or from your newspaper and so on. And, you know, you begin to realize when you're on the inside of, of, you know, the receiving end of all of that is that every place, you know, anything that you know about this election, you know about it because you have read, heard, or seen it on a platform that has a commercial interest in the outcome of the election, right?


I mean, you look at Google, hundreds of millions of dollars in, in pharmaceutical ad revenue, billions of dollars in pharmaceutical ad revenue that Bobby said in his very first speech when he announced for president that he would bring us in line with the rest of the world by banning pharmaceutical advertising on tv. You know, what business do you know that is gonna give fair coverage to somebody that could cost them billions of dollars a year in their business model? They, you know, it's not in their fiduciary interest and it's the same, you know, we see it with certainly all the cable news channels who are also relying on pharmaceutical advertising and then, you know, the reliance, I mean, Bobby's determination to cut excess military funding when so many of these media companies have board entanglements or common ownership with defense contractors or are themselves, I mean, you look at Amazon Web services and the Washington Post and you know, GE and NBC and so forth.


I mean, there's a long, long history of that and How much does Boeing spend on Politico every Year? Yeah, I Mean, but so that is kind of the, I didn't understand this actually until Bobby explained it to me, having spent my entire life in the media in television not realizing that the point of the pharmaceutical ads was not to sell the drugs to consumers who can't prescribe the drugs to themselves. of course, it never made sense to me, and I didn't get the obvious point, which is it's protection money. Yep. And that's e exactly. I dunno how I never got that. I mean, sometimes you even see the Boeing ad or you know, the Northrop ads and it's like impossible as a consumer. You, there's, it's, you actually can't, there's no way to buy their product. No. They're just like completely naked bribery.


But I never Thought of that. Yeah. I was like, why would, You're like, why are you north Advertising in Politico? Like What? It's gonna go buy a bomber. It's to keep its reporters from criticizing That's right. It is their entire defense expenditures, it's their salary And, they know it. And you know, a free market is a free market, fine. But when, when p voters are so steeped in a media environment, and especially with algorithmic things where, you know, they're seeing their Google newsfeed and every single time they see Bobby's name, he's like a psychopathic crazy dog eating, you know, joke, right?


Yeah. And that was their approach was either to absolutely not cover him whatsoever. I mean, he would give these extraordinary speech, he, this peace speech that he did in New Hampshire in the, at the outset of the campaign and the, the America's strong speech about building a unity government based on Lincoln's team of rivals were two of the most incredible speeches I've of the campaign. And neither of them, they were all attended by 30, 40 reporters with cameras obviously waiting for him to say some terrible thing so they could play that one clip. And then none of them ran any of it because they, you know, because they were such strong speeches. And so we, we were up against that throughout.


And did you Know how the America, I mean obviously been around, you worked at BBC, you've been around the American media, your, for your whole life, but did you appreciate how this works before you started running this campaign? Not nearly to the degree that, you know, the, the degree of politicization was surprising to me. And, and I think I had not really come to understand the, the kind of deep commercial drivers behind editorial lines and, you know, I guess had a little bit of idealism still from the old like Edward Rau, like, you know, there, there must be some journalists still out there kind of thing.


And it, they've been very few and far between. I mean, I've really, I'm hard pressed to even come up with an example. I'm glad to be sitting across from you. But I will say thank God for Elon Musk. Yes, I agree with that. I mean, I really believe that every American should include him and his family and their prayers every day because, you know, he is holding our constitution together right now. And, you know, even the internet archive is offline now. It's, there's nothing left. There's no other way to know. And sure. Are there things on there that turn out not to be true? Absolutely. Are there things on there that you're gonna disagree with or find offensive?


Absolutely. And you know, such as the nature of free speech and it's audacious and bold and beautiful and sometimes infuriating, but that's what we've built our entire country on. And when it, I mean, I, I remember recently explaining this to my daughter, and, and she was, you know, she's five and she was asking me why, why I'm always traveling. I'm working in the moment. And, and I was explaining about the importance of free speech and, and how I wanted her to have it when she was older. And she said, so are there countries where if you criticize the leader, you know, they'll put you in jail?


And I said, yes, there are there a lot of those countries they, that used to be all the countries basically. And when you, when you go back and you look at the, at the audacity of what that idea was at the beginning and the fact that it wasn't happening anywhere else, and then hundreds, you know, of, of other countries now have followed suit, and that we're just gonna give that up for the shortsighted gain of one political party and one election cycle, or one blob for, you know, five to 10 election cycles while, you know, their less for power continues. And that as a result, because no government is ever going to cede power given to it in an emergency.


So even once that runs its course, it still means that my kids', kids will not have the freedom of speech that, you know, that they, that is their birthright given to them by our country's founders. And I just can't, I can't abide that. I can't let it happen. And to see Elon, who wasn't even born in this country, step up and defy the commercial interests, you know, I I I don't know his finances, but it seems to me that he is taken a serious financial hit. Oh, serious. To protect. He's not a money worshiper.


Right. Unlike so many billionaires, just to be blunt, they're money worshipers. That's why they're billionaires, right? He's not, No. And I, I think he's genuinely driven by the desire to see human freedom endure. And I don't know why more of us are not, because there's nothing more important and it's ours to lose, you know, and it's bewildering to me when I hear people say, well, you know, our government can be trusted with those.


Like, they can make the judgment of what I should be able to say and what I shouldn't. He just, the, the idea that, but what about the next leader? You know, every government is it, is it Federalist 51, the one that where Madison talks about, you know, if angel, if men were angels, we wouldn't need government enough. Government were angels. It wouldn't need to be regulated. but we were making, you know, the challenge is making a government of, of men over men. And, and yet they took on that challenge and achieved it so beautifully. And I remember Mr. Sar at NCS tell at my last two years of high school in DC when I came back to the United States telling, telling us about Skokie versus Illinois.


And I just, and just being incredibly moved by the courage that it takes as a society to defend such abhorrent speech. Yes. Because, you know, that, you know, it's, it's not a sliding ski, it's just, you either have it or You don't. I think it Solomon Rushdi says the minute somebody says, I believe in free speech, except, you know, stop them right there. 'cause they don't need to finish the sentence. But I get, I just refer back to my first question, which is, since I'm so familiar with, you know, all the schools you went to, the credentials you have, you know, the world that you're from, I mean, you've gotta be in the one 10th of 1% of People, you know, who've taken this position.


You took such an unpopular position, and I know, you know, you married into the family and all that, but still you became Bobby Kennedy's campaign manager, and now Bobby Kennedy's endorsed Trump. Yeah. And I just don't think you could hoist a bigger middle finger in the face of the world that you're from. I mean, I just know that, 'cause I, I know that world. So like, did you even hesitate before doing that? What was your thinking? And like, I'm sure none of your classmates did anything like that. Why did you do that? You know, I think that if you gave them the choice, I mean, if they came down from Mars and you put the exact occur, you know, what is happening right now in front of 'em without the names of the parties or the names of the participants and said, you know, you have one four year stint where no new wars are started, where, you know, bread costs half of what it costs now gas, a third, you know, et cetera, et cetera, you know, rises in standard of living across the country, lower suicide rates, lower depression, you know, lower homelessness, lower incarceration, lower immigration that is, you know, illegal and, and, and results in in children being lost around the country.


And then you compare it with four years of another government that is endorsed, by the way, by Dick Cheney now and a host of neocons that involves two new wars, you know, printing $8 trillion of additional debt that is a tax on the poor and on future generations in order to pay for more war, more children going into poverty more, you know, that we have a real unemployment rate of 25% in this country a quarter when you take into account people who want a full-time job and don't have one, or people who have a full-time job but don't make $25,000 a year, which is not a living wage.


If you take that into account, we have 24.9% true unemployment rate. So when, when I think that you asked about people in my world, I think if you put any of that to them, and then on top of that said, you know, and this, this leader that has plunged people into poverty and unemployment and, you know, had two, two additional wars started on his watch, is censoring speech on social media, weaponizing the courts to take people of his own party and every single other party off of the ballot, I mean literally Dean Phillips, Marian Williamson, Robert Kennedy, Jr, obviously President Trump, Jill Stein, no labels, Jill Stein, everybody, there's nobody that, as far as I know, that didn't face some kind of a lawsuit to try to challenge their actual ballot access, the ability for an American to turn up and exercise their own sacred individual sovereignty of thought and choose whether or not to vote for them.


Every single one of them was attacked in court to get their name off of a ballot. It's like, we believe in democracy, You can vote for anyone as long as it's me. And, and I I believe that anyone who, who I knew growing up and hopefully any American that I didn't know growing up when when they see it with the ingroup outgroup coding stripped away, would all, I mean, would all choose the same outcome here. I think the challenge is that, you know, we are evolutionarily designed to, to, you know, retain the approval of our group.


When you're walking across the, you know, the early Savannah and your, your group shuns, you, you know, you're outta luck, right. It's a lot harder to survive. And I, there's, there's a study that DARPA did around news, you know, reading news where they, they expected the frontal lobe to light up because you were assessing the logic of what you were reading. And actually it lights up second after this area over the ear, which is if you hold up a shirt and think about whether your friends would make fun of you if you wore it.


So, you know, you are using your analytical mind, but only after you've already decided whether you're using it to poke holes or you know, to reinforce. And I think that honestly, my friends who don't support President Trump, I think that's why I think, you know, they're, of course it Is. I guess everything you've said is true and for the third time, nicely put, but I also have a little more difficulty giving that group a pass because that's our, that's our leadership class. Yeah. Raised and to some extent to be brutally honest, bred to Yeah. Rule. Yeah. And every society has that class, and it's fine with me. I think it's inevitable, it's part of the human ordering, but that class should be able to think critically and rationally that's their job, and they're not, and I just don't understand how this happened, A total breakdown in the sort of mental faculties of the people who run everything.


Like what the hell? Yeah. I mean, part of it I think is this intentional, addictive, hypnotic quality of, of media and social media Yeah. That has really intentionally been designed that way. You know, Cali means talks about how the tobacco companies bought, you know, the food companies and sent over their chemists and made them Yes. You know, intentionally addictive. And that is horrifying and true. I feel that the same has really been done to our information ecosystem, and part of it is for, you know, for, for corporate profit and part of it is for political control. And as, as that media environment has also become more global and these partnerships with, you know, other parties in other countries assist in censorship, it's, I think it's difficult to, to think critically without a single input telling you that you're living in the Truman show.


That's right. You know, and I mean the, the agency, they used to have this, the, these things called red teams, right? Where they would, in the eighties, they started putting people in analysts in kind of a bunker for three to three months or six months that looked for all the world like you were living in Soviet, in the Soviet Union and all of the books that you had available where all the things that you would be reading if you were military or leadership class there. And you're listening to live radio broadcasts in, you know, Russian and li just living the life of a Soviet leader in the bunker. And every day you're writing what you would do.


You know, today I would push on the Berlin Wall, et cetera. And, and that is actually one of the things that came out of it was when was the ti a suggestion of the timing for when Reagan should, should push on, on bringing down the wall. But it allowed people to really channel their adversary to such a degree that they were viewed with a lot of suspicion when they came out. It was like, well now you've gone native, you know, now like you're, you, maybe you're the enemy now. And a, after nine 11, they started ramping these things back up around Islamic extremism and reading, you know, all, all of the old academic writings of, you know, some of the, the more violent jihad leaders and so on And there that suspicion remained as p the, the better you performed in there in terms of really being able to get into somebody's mind, the more suspicious people were of you when you left and you were generally put on some kind of like a teaching assignment or some, you know, somewhere you couldn't really do any harm.


And I, I, I tell that story because it's very interesting to me that it's like a tacit acknowledgement that you are what you read or you are what you're immersed in. Right. And You can have been, you know, this 1980s cold war, so much so that you're working, you know, as an analyst in Russia House at CIA, presumably you're like pretty dyed in the wool, you know, blue team and then you do this three months or you do this six months and it is so convincing this immersion in the thoughts and radio and books and, you know, beliefs of your adversary that you might just be lost forever when you come out out.


Right? Like you might've just had a full conversion experience. I think that is what's happening. I mean, I think that media approach is now the experiment that's running all around us all the time. Yes, I agree with that to such terrifying effect. I wish we had more time. It is always more time all in God's time, but this was so nice to stop and actually talk about some, some of the real challenges that, you know, I think sometimes in the final weeks of the campaign, everything becomes about, you know, the day's polls or, you know, whatever the, the media opportunity of the day was.


And in the end, this is what's at stake. I mean, we're talking about decisions over the, the very constitutional ideals of this country was built on the physical safety of our communities, of our families. I mean, you, you are putting, it's, it's really one of the, the only times that as a parent you are putting the lives of your children in the hands of someone who frankly is a stranger to you. And you know, you, when you look at these EMP scenarios and then you look at these censorship scenarios, you know, the, the wellbeing of our constitution, of our children and of human freedom is at stake here.


And you know, if it weren't, i I wouldn't be fighting for it so hard, but Thank you for taking the time to really dig in to those issues rather than, you know, the, the latest photo op of the day. You're welcome back anytime Thank, you admirals Kennedy. Thanks Tucker. Thanks for listening. The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made. The complete library, Tucker Carlson dot com.