
Welcome to Tucker Carlson Show. It's become pretty clear that the mainstream media are dying. They can't die quickly enough, and there's a reason they're dying. 'cause they lied. They lied so much, it killed them. We're not doing that. Tucker Carlson dot com, we promise to bring you the most honest content, the most honest interviews we can without fear or favor. Here's the latest. So the 50th anniversary of Richard Nixon's resignation as president is in August, we're upon it. It's right now. Nixon was by some measures, the most popular president ever elected. And then into a second term, he was gone and lived the rest of his life in a kind of disgrace.


And so, as the 50th anniversary arrives, you have to ask yourself, is everything that we think we know about Watergate true? What did happen there? Actually, in retrospect, it looks very much like a kind of coup against a sitting and, and enormously popular president. Was it that? Well, there are very few people still around with their faculties who can answer that definitively. And Jeff Shepherd is at the very top of that list. He graduated Harvard Law School in 1969 and went immediately to work at the White House as a White House fellow and remained there through the entire Nixon administration, pretty much leaving only during the Ford Administration 1975.


Toward the end of the Nixon's time in office, he worked as a lawyer in Nixon's defense and had a bunch of different jobs, knew every single person around Nixon. And in fact is the person who transcribed the famous Nixon tapes, including the smoking gun tape. And in fact is the person who named it the smoking gun tape. So probably the most reliable and certainly best informed narrator of that story. And we are honored to have him here to assess Watergate on its 50th anniversary. Thank you Jeff Shepherd. Appreciate it. It is great to be with you. Tucker. It, It is great. And I, I, I probably five years ago wouldn't have been anxious to do this because it felt historical and of of interest to me, but maybe not of interest to a larger audience.


Yes. But given everything that we've seen in Washington in the past, say eight years, I think people are reassessing their understanding of, of, of recent history. And that would include Watergate. So if you wouldn't mind just giving us, starting with an overview of What Was Watergate, what was the scandal? Just give us a very crisp timeline of what happened to President Nixon during that. And then if you would tell us what you think actually happened, and then we can get into the details of It. Sure, sure. It, it is a scandal that unfolds over two and a half years. All kinds of currents and eddies and, and items that aren't core. Yes. The core story of Watergate is that five people were arrested on the morning of June 17th, 1972 in the Watergate office building in the offices of the Democratic National Committee.


They had bugging devices on them. They were photographing documents. It turned out one of them was a former career, CIA agent who was head of security for the Nixon Reelection Committee, the committee for the reelection of the president whose initials spell the word creep. So it's CRP, but it's pronounced creep. The other four were Cuban Americans. And, and it, it then turned out that there were two masterminds from the reelection committee who were the, the overlords of The Break in.


So you, they were brought to trial, burglary trial. They were all convicted, seven people. And then it turned out that there had been an effort to cover up. Who else knew? Because the, the, the breaking was planned by the reelection committee. And if you knew about the planned break in, you were in trouble too. And, there was a coverup because very important people might have known about the planned break in, and we'll go into it in a, in a couple of minutes. But the coverup ultimately failed one, James McCord, the, the CIA Wireman wrote a letter to the judge and said, there's been a coverup.


People have committed perjury. And the coverup came apart. And people who were close to that, or whose name figured in The Press ultimately resigned. And it turned out the coverup was actually run by the president's own lawyer, but it, but it, it infected other people on the White House staff. So I I, I'll get into my, my point of view in a minute. But the end result, when everything came out, and it turned out the president was taping people in his Oval office. There was a tape system that had run for two years. So the public concluded, I think, fairly, that if they got the tapes, they could figure out who was, who knew what went.


And the most famous quote is from Senator Howard Baker of the Irvin Committee. What did the president know? And when did he know it? And you'll find that echoing in every scandal since. And, and popularly so the, as the, as the investigation progressed, more and more people got caught up in the wrongdoing. And ultimately there was a tape that came out after the recommendations for impeachment after the Supreme Court ruled, the tapes had to be turned over to the prosecutors. This tape came out that recorded the President agreeing with his chief of staff to get the CIA to tell the FBI, that two people they wanted to interview were off limits 'cause they were CIA personnel.


Now I'm somewhat familiar with the smoking gun tape because I was the third person to hear it after the Supreme Court's decision. I was the one who prepared the official transcript of it, first transcript. And I'm the one that nicknamed it, the smoking gun. And the reason I did that was because the president's chief lawyer, when he heard it, he was the second person after President Nixon to hear that tape. The tape of June 23rd, 1972, six days after The Break in arrests, he concluded, turns out wrongly, that the President had been involved in the coverup from the beginning because he agreed to this idea to get The CIA to tell the FBI not to interview the people.


Now let's go back and start with what I think happened. Wait, May I just No, Go Ahead. I just, just for people who aren't, you know, as familiar with the, the details and the overview. So, so The Break in happens in 1972 during the campaign. Absolutely. Nixon wins an overwhelming landslide by some measures, the, the biggest landslide in American electoral history. Yes. And so he's the most popular president. And then the Washington Post, Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein being the reporters on the story, start to break a series of stories about The Break in and then the coverup, et cetera, et cetera. And what happens then? How is Nixon booted from office?


And Well, those stories were breaking before he was reelected. Yes. So it is fair to say the public was informed about this minor scandal. Interesting. But they still voted overwhelmingly for the president. He is running against George McGovern. Yes. And acknowledged progressive. His, we, we characterized his campaign as being in favor of acid amnesty and abortion. Yes. He promised to raise taxes. It was a wipeout. But then facts started to come out that were embarrassing. As the coverup started to come apart, the actual trial of the Watergate burglars occurred after the president had been reelected.


So he wins a landslide in November, but the trial starts in January. And when those seven were all convicted and facing tens of years of imprisonment, it broke the coverup. They didn't hold anymore. And as that broke, it was like a, a a, a flood coming downstream swallowing dam. After dam, more and more things came out that were adverse. The Senate set up an investigative committee, the Senate Irvin Committee, they were public hearings. They were dragging people up there. And the people didn't look good. You know, it looked bad stories.


And then it turned out there was a taping system. And everybody thought, wow, now we can learn the truth. And, there was a year long battle over who got the tapes. And, and the famous case is USV Nixon handed down in July of 1974. Now it was the prosecutor who subpoenaed the tapes. Americans don't understand. It had nothing to do with the Congress. Congress never won a battle saying they could have the tapes because of separation of powers. Now the president could protect his own conversations, but not from possible criminal involvement.


And that was the holding of the Supreme Court. So you end up with three things for certain. There really was a break in, they were caught red handed. There really was a coverup. There's just no question about that. Who was involved is the real question. And Nixon really did resign. He is the only president, at least to date, who's ever resigned from office. So let's start at with the crime The Break in. Yeah. You said there was one, the, the man in charge was a CI officer McCord? No. Well, yes, he was the senior guy of The Break in team. But it would be unfair to say he was in charge.


I, I mean, at, on the scene, On the scene, right. There were two goals, as I understand it. I have no personal knowledge. Two goals of The Break in one was to fix a, a listening device, a bug in the chairman's phone, Larry O'Brien's phone that wasn't transmitting correctly. And the other was to photocopy every document they could find. And the Cubans were supposed to do that, and McCord was supposed to fix the bug. Some people think there's all kinds of conspiracy theories about that break-in, because we've never ascertained why the lead prosecutor, the career prosecutor, Never ascertained.


Why, what, why Did they go in? Why did they go in? Who thought that was a bright idea? You get down to it. And, there are all kinds of stories. Tucker, and I can't vouch for the stories, but supposedly Howard Hunt, who's a separate career, CIA agent, he said, this is nuts. Larry O'Brien has already left for their convention down in Miami. This is high risk, low reward. I don't want to go back in. But Gordon Liddy, who developed the campaign intelligence plan, was eager to show off, kind of a macho man, know by job if that stuff isn't working, I'm gonna send my team back in to fix it.


And then to fix it. He recruits the head of security for the reelection committee. Who's James McCort? So, you're right. McCort is, is the senior guy on site. But Liddy's pulling the strings. How many of the burglars had some connection to The CIA a all The CIA as, as did as did Howard Hunt? The only guy who doesn't is Gordon Liddy, Who was an F FBI I agent For, well, he had been an f FBI I agent and an assistant district attorney. I had the pleasure of knowing Gordon when I was a White House fellow at Treasury.


And he was fired from the Department of Treasury because he wouldn't follow direction. And I have the misfortune of having fought to keep him off the White House staff. I maintained. He was a loose cannon. He wouldn't follow direction and we would ru the day if we hired him. But I lost, I I knew him well, and I can, I can verify. He, I, I thought he was great. But he was definitely a loose cannon. I would say That. I remember walking down the hallway of the old EOB, the, the gorgeous ma marble squares black and white, saying to myself, the day Gordon left, good heavens, he's been here and he's left and nothing's gone wrong.


And I I I pitched to hissy fit, they must think I'm a fool. And then later it turned out that Gordon had run this whole thing. But Can I ask, so The CIA a is an intelligence gathering agency whose main purpose is to collect information from around the world and give it to the president so he can make better informed foreign policy decisions. Yes. They have no right to operate in the United States. Open and shut. No, no, no operation whatsoever. And I mean, from, from its inception, that has been the rule. It seems very strange that every burglar has some connection to The. CIA has worked for The CIA. Like, what is that?


Everyone But Gordon and Gordon is the moving force. So I tell you right off the top, the CIA knew all about the burglary in advance, everything. President Nixon knew nothing. When Gordon goes over to the reelection committee, he's recruited by John Dean, the president's lawyer. He shows up at Creep and he says, I've been promised a million dollars to do a campaign intelligence plan. Now those words are pretty innocent, but they're, the, the operation is not innocent at all. It's opposition research. Every campaign wants to know everything they can find out adverse about their opponent.


of course. And, and when today, when they were looking for who was gonna be Trump's vice presidential nominee, the other side was doing research on all the possibilities, of course. So they were ready to jump. Okay, Gordon is asked to prepare. He is recruited by John Dane, the president's lawyer, to develop a campaign intelligence plan. And he gets carried away. He says, wow, I can really impress these people. I will put together a plan that they will just blow them outta the water. And he has specific proposals for mugging, bugging, kidnapping, and prostitution.


And I'm not making this stuff up. Gordon is so thrilled with his plan. He describes it in his autobiography. So You can go to see his book and read in great detail. He shows up over, over at reelection, says, I've been promised a million dollars. The acting head says, well, nobody here has authority to decide a budget item. That's that big. The only guy that can make that decision is John Mitchell. And he hasn't arrived yet. He's still Attorney General. We'll have to go over to his office and explain the plan. So they go over on January 27th, 1972, and Gordon puts up his plan on whiteboards prepared by this a i a and explains this plan, this crazy plan.


Now we can I I just wanna get back to the, the same question, which is, why would The CIA a be involved in anything like this? Well, we've agreed they cannot do anything domestic. Well, This is illegal. We know that they can't do this, but they are. But They do. But why? But they do. Well, Howard Hunt was a career officer with the CIA. We got John Erlichman, the head of domestic affairs to call Richard Helms or Vern Walters, one or the other, the head or deputy. Yeah. And say At CIA At CIA, you need to help these people. You need to help these people. So they gave Howard Hunt, their former employee a wig, a voice altering device, something to put in his shoe to make him look like he had a limp.


So he, he wouldn't be recognizable if he was seen. They give them a camera, a CIA produced camera that only the CIA can open and develop. And they use it to take pictures of a break-in, they're planning out in Los Angeles. And, and, and then they come back and they say, well, we're gonna show this plan. And Gordon talks them in. I'm Sorry to ask you to pause. What, what break in were they planning in Los Angeles? The. CIA. Well, this is why Watergate gets to be so much fun. There was this, this four volume study of the Vietnam War called the Pentagon Papers. Yes.


And it went up through Lyndon Johnson and it leaked and it was considered to be the biggest National Security League in the Cold War. And the, it Was an internal assessment of how the Vietnam War was going, Well, how it started from day one all the way back to World War ii. And it was put together secretly, unpure reviewed by the three most senior doves on the war. Paul Warnke, who was counseled to the Department of Defense, Morton Halperin, who was a National security officer, and a third guy, Les Gelb, who did most of the writing.


And it went on for a couple years. Nobody else knew it was underway. It wasn't even completed when Nixon was, when Nixon took office. So they took their study to Brookings and completed it in the next six months. Nobody on the National Security Council knew nobody on the State Department or the national or, or anybody else, just an internal study by the Pentagon. But one of the people who participated in the study, Daniel Ellsberg, originally a former Marine, originally strongly in favor of the war, had switched and was opposed to the war, and felt this thing should be leaked.


And he worked very hard to get it leaked. He offered it to William Fulbright, the chairman of Senate Foreign Relations. And Fulbright wouldn't touch it. He, he said, this is top secret. You get it sent to me officially, and I'll deal with it, but I'm not gonna touch it until it's official. I don't want any part of it. So ultimately, the New York Times decided they'd go with it. And in June of 1971, they started producing excerpts. And Henry Kissinger went crazy. He, it didn't, didn't concern Nixon. Nixon wasn't a part of the study, but it, it suggested the war was illegitimate from day one.


That was the purpose of the study. And Kissinger said, look, I'm negotiating with three totalitarian regimes, north Vietnam, China, and Russia. If they think we can't keep secrets, they won't talk. So you must do something. So there was an all-out, all-out press to stop publication of the Pentagon Papers. And, and we lost. But on the way to the Supreme Court, there were 29 injunctions stopping newspapers from publishing excerpts. And then the court held no, no prior publication.


You can't stop it until You can sue after they publish. But you can't stop something before it's published. That's freedom in The, Press. It turned out Ellsberg had had strong connections, worked for the Rand Corporation out west in Santa Monica. And he had access because Rand had access to 54,000 other classified documents. And so this unit set up in the White House to try to stop the damage from the Pentagon Papers and stop Ellsberg from leaking anything further. Decided what they ought to do to possibly learn his plans was to break into his psychiatrist's office in Beverly Hills, Dr. Lewis Fielding.


And they tried to get Hoover to do it, but Hoover wouldn't do it because Ellsberg's father-in-Law was a guy named Leonard Marks. He ran a big toy company and he gave toys to Hoover at Christmas to give two underprivileged kids. You know, you sit there and say, what goes wrong with our government? Well, what goes wrong is we deal with human beings, you know. So they got the bright idea to break into ELs Fielding's office to search his files and see if by some chance Daniel Ellsberg had told Dr. Fielding what his plans were.


And they didn't use the FBI. of course, they couldn't use the CIA, it could staff them, but couldn't take operations. So they used Gordon Liddy and Howard Hunt, and, and they said, we know who can actually do the deed. We know these Cubans down in Miami because when we were gonna invade Cuba, I was their CIA contact. I was the mysterious, this is Howard Hunt. I was the mysterious Eduardo. And they respect me. So if I tell them this break in is necessary, 'cause it has something to do with Castro, they'll do it.


So they go out and they break in and they can't pick the lock. So much poison now in our public square. And if you take almost all of it and trace it to its roots, you'll arrive at the same place. The higher education system in the United States. This is coming out of our colleges and universities, and it's not an accident. Radical professors and administrators have transformed higher education into this country, into an indoctrination, factories specializing in teaching anti-American anti-human ideologies. That's not an overstatement. American universities, once the envy of the world have become hostile, mediocre places.


But there's at least one college that stands apart and has for 180 years. Hillsdale College has stayed true to its original mission. Even the midst of all this chaos. Hillsdale is committed completely to sharing the best things from its classrooms to every person in the United States. Every American who wants to learn for free. And as part of that commitment, Hillsdale offers free online courses based on its core curriculum that every student there takes on campus. That would include American history, politics, the Bible, classic literature, western philosophy, music, foreign policy. It keeps going. And they're great. More than 4 million people have taken free online courses with Hillsdale. No charge whatsoever. Check it out. Go to Tucker for hillsdale.com and start learning about everything in Hillsdale offers. Again, even if you're opposed to college, even if you're one of the many Americans like me, who thinks if I had to do it again, I would never send kids to college. Hillsdale is different.


Hey, it's Kimberly Fletcher here from Moms for America with some very exciting news. Tucker Carlson is going on a nationwide tour this fall and Moms for America has the exclusive VIP meet and greet experience for you. Before each show, You can have the opportunity to meet Tucker Carlson in person. These tickets are fully tax deductible donations. So go to Moms for america.us and get one of our very limited VIP meet and greet experiences with Tucker at any of the 15 cities on his first ever coast to coast tour. Not only will you be supporting Moms for America in our mission to empower moms, promote liberty and raise patriots. Your tax deductible donation secures you a full VIP experience with priority entrance and check-in premium gold seating in the first five rows, access to a free show cocktail reception, an individual meet and greet and photo with America's most famous conservative and our friend Tucker Carlson. Visit Moms for america.us today for more information and to secure your exclusive VIP meet and greet tickets. See you on the tour.


Check them out.


Hey guys. Josh Hammer here, the host of America on trial with Josh Hammer, A podcast for the first podcast network. Look, there are a lot of shows out there that are explaining the political news cycle, what's happening on the hill to this, to that. There are no other shows that are cutting straight to the point when it comes to the unprecedented lawfare debilitating and affecting the 2024 presidential election. We do all of that every single day right here on America Trial with Josh Hammer. Subscribe and download your episodes wherever you get your podcast. It's America on Trial with Josh Hammer.


Who's paying for this? Who's organizing, who is the authority telling these guys to go break into Osberg? Well, Gordon Liddy is the Chief Operational Officer for the plumbers. Yes. He wasn't hired to be the plumber, he was already on the staff. Remember, I tried to keep it right. I failed. So when this thing all developed, my immediate supervisor, bud Cro, who was put in charge of the special unit that became nicknamed the Plumbers, 'cause they stopped leaks. He assigned Gordon Liddy and this other gentleman who is a retired CIA Officer Howard Hunt, joined the team as a consultant.


So they were the two people who were planning it. Gordon was on the staff. He was paid as a staff member. And Hunt was paid from A-A-A-A-A fund. That domestic council had to fund operations. It was government money. So they do The, Break. I don't know who paid the Cubans. I'm unable to say that I doubt The CIA a paid them. It, it could have been private money raised off budget, but I just don't know. The Break in was not successful. They did not find the file. But since they couldn't pick the lock, Gordon ordered them to break in and make it look like a drug bust.


Like some druggie went into the shrink's office looking for pills. They didn't get caught. Fielding reports it to the police. So there's a police record. So when this all starts to come out later, they know exactly when The Break in occurred. Now assume for a moment whether you agree or not agree that the FBI conducted the operation, it would've been successful. No fingerprints, no trace left behind. So there could have been, oh, I think it was broken into, but no proof. But because it was botched, there was proof they got back to the White House.


They told John Erlichman, who had approved a, a secret operation, covert, not necessarily illegal. And they told him they'd broken in. They hadn't been successful. So they wanted to go break into Fielding's House to see if the file was there. And Erlichman said, no, no, no, we aren't gonna do this anymore. Get Liddy off my staff. Then comes John Dean assigned to do a campaign intelligence plan looking for somebody to recruit, talks to Bud Kro. Bud says, have I got a deal for you? Here's Gordon Liddy.


Gordon has handled sensitive items for us in the past. So Dean goes for it and he hires go, he recruits Gordon Liddy and promises him all this money. I think the actual promise was a half million, possibly a million. So Gordon shows up at the reelection committee, I'm supposed to do this plan. And Magruder, the acting chief says nobody with authority to do this, to approve the expenditure. So they go over to John Mitchell's office twice to present the plan. It's not approved at either meeting. But later when these guys are arrested and caught in the act, people who were at that meeting are at risk of prosecution.


And that's when John Dean, who was at the meeting who had recruited Gordon Liddy, he starts running the coverup. Nobody on the White House staff, not Haldeman or Erlichman or Nixon knew anything about The Break in, but in John. And Is that confirmed? Oh, Absolutely. Without question. Absolutely. Without question. Gordon Liddy had never met any of them. There's nothing in writing there. There was a tickler file we with, with Bob Haldeman, the way he ran the White House. If there was a five projects, we want a presidential library started. We want to know what we're gonna do about the environment.


We wanna know something else. And they'd be after you until you said yes, that's underway. It wasn't substantive, it was just this item has been addressed. Right. So that they can show they can, they can show that they were told they had made arrangements for a campaign intelligence plan, but no details. When do you think Nixon learned about the Watergate Break-in, He was down in Kiska. He came back on Monday. He read about it in the Sunday paper, the Miami Herald. Oh really? Yeah. And he says, what a dumb shit thing to do. Who would be so stupid to break into the headquarters of the DNC?


Especially Because they didn't need to. They didn't need to. And they weren't running it. The the, the candidates were running it. You, you, if you were into this, if you were into spine, you'd break into McGovern's headquarters. Of course. That's such a smart point. So they, They come back and, and, and as it comes apart, Wait, so that, I'm gonna ask you to pause again just 'cause I I don't want to lose this thread. So you just made a, I think an airtight case that there was no reason to do this. Nixon was winning. Absolutely. The DNC wasn't running the campaign anyway. The whole thing was sloppy and stupid. But we know that the C CIA had knowledge of it. 'cause everyone there was a former CIA And they did the charts.


That's hugely important. Did the charts. Did the charts. Gordon Liddy used to explain the plans to John Mitchell. So we know that The CIA a had a hand in orchestrating this breakin, which, which was unnecessary. Absolutely. So, so, so You what The hell, why You, you come back to why The Break in Yeah, it's Gordon Liddy showing off. He's a madman. But Why would The CIA go along with it? I I, I I can't respond to that part. Put it in, put flip the coin. Okay. The, the, the wrongdoing, the alleged wrongdoing is The CIA A didn't. They knew and they didn't tell anybody they knew. Okay. You could make that case the c that they, they watched it burn down.


Then you ask yourself, who were they supposed to tell? Who were they supposed to tell? Tell? Well, they worked for the president of the United States And John Mitchell is alleged to have approved the plan. John Mitchell, the president's best friend. Who do you tell, we think you're making a mistake. Well, you, you dispatch the director Richard Helms over, maybe You send Bob Woodward over to breed Yes. The former Navy Intel officer. Yeah. Right. So it it's all very strange. So you but your, you believe that it, it was all because Gordon Liddy was greedy and reckless. And Without question in my mind, based on knowing Gordon Liddy, but not knowing anything about The Break in, I mean, I have no personal knowledge.


But you, I mean you worked there at the time. You had no idea. I knew Everybody in, well, I did know the Cubans. I I knew everybody from the White House that ended up being involved. I never set foot in the campaign headquarters. Terribly helpful. How did you survive, Jeff? Well, one, I never worked on any campaign. I worked on the governance side. of course. Right. Not the campaign stuff. You're Staffer, I get it. But when, so when did you learn of The Break? In the paper? Yeah, in the paper. So my secretary had a roommate that was the secretary to the plumbers. Okay.


I can't come up with her name, but she sent me an email very just, just very recently. And she would tell my my secretary that, that there were people that were under investigation. They hadn't yet indicted, hadn't yet caught. 'cause the five people caught red-handed And. there were two others. And. there was speculation in The Press about who those two others might be. So Joanne Laer, my secretary says, well, you know who they're talking about. And I said, well, no, no, I have no idea. She said, well, let me give you his initials. It's GGLI said, I means nothing to me.


And she says, it's g Gordon Jeff. And there's this shocked pause when I remember my fight to keep him off the staff. And my telling myself that he's come, he is gone. And nothing's gone wrong. It turns out there's a whole lot that's gone wrong. So Can I ask, I've already said that I knew Gordon Liddy pretty well and, and really liked him. I found him enormously entertaining and, and smart and interesting. However, and he's gone now. So he can't right. Defend himself. But that's so crazy to do something like that, to break into the DNC for no real reason in the middle of a presidential campaign. You're winning Anyway, if he drove that and you're saying that he did, is it possible that he was working against Nixon?


No, no. He expected to get, based on his spectacular work on this campaign intel plan, that he would get a very high position in the second term. That's what was driving him. He has conversations with Howard Hunt and says to hunt you, you've played your, your hand. You know, you've, you've retired, you're older. I'm looking to impress these people so I get a more senior position. And he had dreams of, of grandeur. Now the, the, the other issue, and it's in Lin k Colony's book, silent Coup. He says there was a totally separate reason.


And the reason had to do with John Dean's girlfriend, his fiance. The, I know nothing about this story except to reproduce Lynn's work. He says the CIA was running a honey trap in the apartment building next door, Columbia Plaza Apartments. And they were catching foreign diplomats in compromising positions with good looking women. And John Dean was dating the roommate of the Madam Heidi Reichen that was running the honey trap. And she was best maid of honor at John Dean's marriage to Mo Byner Dean.


But when they were dating dean's, Nick Mo's nickname was clout 'cause she was dating the council to the president. So she had clout. And according to Lynn, this is not me, this is Len. Len Kni, John Dean became worried that Maureen Dean's picture was in the desk drawer where the diplomat, not the foreign diplomats, but the DNC field officers would come in right to the campaign headquarters and they were looking for a good time. And the DNC was availing itself of the honey trap next door.


The prostitutes. The prostitutes. And what you would do, this is the allegation, what you would do is you'd sit at the desk, pull open the drawer, there's a picture book you pick out somebody you like, you call the number and say, I like 15. And a few minutes later, 15 calls you back and arranges a date. Pretty good. Unless John Dean's girlfriend's picture was part of that portfolio. So according to Lan, the reason for The Break in was to go back in and if her picture was there, take it out. Now one of the Cubans has a key and the key is taped to his notebook.


And when they are arrested during the course of his arrest, he tries to swallow the key. Okay. He's damn lucky he didn't get shot. He's not successful. They wrestle him down, they get the key and then they try to figure out where it goes. And I'll be a son of a gun. It goes to Maxi Well's desk, which is alleged to have the photographs. Now they didn't find that out. They didn't know it had opened for a long time. So the photographs are gone. But the story lingers. Where was Maxie Wells's desk? She was the secretary to guy named Stewart.


I'm, I'm blocking on the name. And he, it was the only phone 'cause he was running field operations that was a part from the DNC. So it was the only telephone that didn't go through the DNC switchboard. And she was his secretary for the, for the conspirators among us. His dad worked for Mullen and Company, which was a CIA front operation in Washington. So there's again, there's a remote CIA connection. Now let me finish on that 'cause I, I don't disagree with this allegation that this break in is just weird as it can be almost as weird as the Trump assassination.


All these things should never have happened. But on The Break in the, the issue that is, that, that is, is so strange. It it, it has to do with his John Dean's girlfriend and, and, and the, the stories that are told about it. And that's why John Dean runs the coverup because he's trying to protect his involvement both in the meetings with John Mitchell and in, in this involvement with his fiance. So it it, it just gets weirder and weirder. Mullen and Company, again, The CIA a front, they hired the first lawyer to come down to try to bail the five who've been arrested out of jail.


His name is Douglas Caddy. And he shows up. They don't know he's, they, they don't think they, they've never retained him. He just shows up at the police station and says, I represent those five guys. We want to get him outta here. And the Cubans are saying to the police, you know, we're on the same side. You know there's gonna be a phone call and we're gonna be outta here within the next half hour. Now he doesn't say it, but you know, we're working for the president of the United States. But The CIA a jumps in to save the burglars, the mullen and company lawyer comes, They, they send the lawyer over. I think what happens, a a again, this is all speculation is Howard Hunt, who's not caught, goes back to the hotel room where the listening device is across the street to the Howard Johnson's hotel across the street and tells the guy who was supposed to be listening to, to the wiretaps, get your stuff and get out, get lost.


And then Howard Hunt drives around Washington for a couple of hours. He's not caught and decides the safest place to put his stuff is his office in the old executive office building. 'cause he's a consultant to the plumbers. So he goes in 2:00 AM 3:00 AM leaves all his stuff in his safe, he's got too much stuff. So it's on the desk and in his safe. And then you, you switch. And we, we didn't put this in our documentary where all of, all of this, the part I have to play is in a documentary, the FBI agent who is assigned Angela Ano, who's assigned to the case from day one.


He says, you know, the burglars had two hotel keys at the Watergate Hotel where they were staying. So he went to their rooms. I went to one of the rooms and all the evidence we could ever have needed is laid out on the bed. Here's their id, here's their wallets, here's the sequential a hundred dollars bills. Here's an envelope from Howard Hunt, nominally from Miami to pay his dues to a country club. So it looks like he's a non-resident member. I mean, Howard's cheating on his dues. So they go over and interview Howard Hunt that very day.


Now Hunt doesn't talk to him. Hunt bolts for the West coast and hides out with a attorney friend waiting for Word from Gordon on what on earth to do. You know, they've been caught. Gordon is over at the reelection committee. Shredding documents like there's no tomorrow. He actually had stationary printed up with a name Gemstone 'cause that was the overall code name of his campaign intelligence plan. And he's shredding document incriminating documents like mad. And he's not really, he's fired from the FBI from the reelection committee about five days later because he won't cooperate with the FBI.


And then he is indicted on September 15th break is June that caught red handed the prosecutors launch a huge investigation. John Dean does everything in his power to thwart it, to coordinate the testimony. He, he, he does incredible things in his coverup. He rehearses some of the people on what they're to testify to when they appear in front of the grand jury. He destroys evidence. Some stuff taken from Howard Hunt's safe, he found dangerous.


So he peels it off, puts it in his file cabinet, and later admits he's destroyed it. He, he talks the head of the FBI, pat Gray into sharing intelligence reports, protive reports with him so he can share them with defense counsel so they know where the investigation is going. And Pat Gray testifies under oath. He's put up to be head of the FBI permanently. And he says, yes, I gave John Dean 81 investigative reports over time. He told me he was doing this investigation on behalf of the president.


And I believed him. Why wouldn't I give him the investigative reports? But John Dean was giving them to defense counsel. And John Dean is the only person in Watergate who took money. He embezzled $4,000 of campaign funds to pay for his honeymoon. And it's all admitted, it's all on record. He's disbarred by the Commonwealth of Virginia, February 6th, 1974. And the, the court hearing, the the New York Times article says he was accused of suborning, perjury, all these, all these criminal acts.


And he is disbarred. He's been disbarred through today. He cannot represent anybody in court, give legal advice, but He never, he never goes to prison, Never spent a, The he winds up on M-S-N-B-C is a political analyst. Yes, huh. You know, there's, there's certain unfairness in life. Well, how did he earn that? He flipped on his colleagues.


Most of us, well actually all of us go through our daily lives using all sorts of quote free technology without paying attention to why it's quote free. Who's paying for this? And how, think about it for a minute. Think about your free email account. The free messenger system you use to chat with your friends. The free other weather app or game app you open up and never think about. It's all free buddy, is it? No, it's not free. These companies aren't developing expensive products and just giving 'em to you 'cause they love you. They're doing it because their programs take all your information. They hoover up your data, private personal data and sell it to data brokers and the government and all of those people who are not your friends are very interested in manipulating you and your personal political and financial decisions. It's scary as hell and it's happening out in the open without anybody saying anything about it. This is a huge problem. And we've been talking about this problem to our friend Eric Prince for years. Someone needs to fix this. And he and his partners have, and now we are partners with them and their company is called Unplugged. It's not a software company, it's a hardware company. They actually make a phone. The phone is called Unplugged. And it's more than that. The purpose of the phone is to protect you from having Your life stolen. Your data's stolen. It's designed from a privacy first perspective. It's got an operating system that they made. It's called Messenger and other apps that help you take charge of your personal data and prevent it from getting passed around to data brokers and government agencies that will use it to manipulate you unplugs commitments to its customers. They will promise you and they mean it. That your data are not being sold or monetized or shared with anyone from basics like its custom libertas operating system, which they wrote, which is designed from the very first day to keep your personal data on your device. It also has, believe it or not, a true on off switch that shuts off the power. It actually disconnects your battery and ensures that your microphone and your camera are turned off completely when you want them to be. So they're not spying on you and say your bedroom, which your iPhone is. That's a fact. So it is a great way, one of the few ways to actually protect yourself from big tech and big government to reclaim your personal privacy. Without privacy, there is no freedom. The Unplugged phone You can get a $25 discount when you use the code Tucker at the checkout. So go to unplug.com/ Tucker to get yours today. Highly recommended.


The Home Depot is the Home Depot.


The prosecutors wouldn't give him immunity. He, he, he did everything he could. He was first in to reveal the coverup and he said, I can, I can give you John Mitchell, I can give you Jeb mcgruder. And they said, that's not good enough. So he said, well shoot the, the, there was a coverup. I was running it. I can give you White House people and they said, not good enough. You go before the grand jury. You want the truth to come out, go before the grand jury without immunity. But his lawyer is a very, very well placed Democrat. He goes up to Capitol Hill, to the Irvin Committee, works out a deal. He'll be their principal witness against his former colleagues if they will give him immunity.


And they do. And then it turns out he's gonna be the lead witness in the coverup trial. And they're worried about his credibility. So they hurry up and sentence him to one to four years in prison. The harshest sentence passed down to non burglars at that time before he testifies with his incarceration to begin on the first day of the trial, except he doesn't go to prison. He's held in a witness holding facility at Fort Holabird, Maryland, a military base. And he comes and he testifies, I I've been punished, I'm guilty.


There was a coverup. I know I was running it. These other people here, they were part of it. I swear to you, they were part of it. You should convict them too. And then seven days after their convicted and all counts John Dean's sentence is reduced to time served. He never spent a single night in jail. So there's only two real criminals in Watergate. There's people on the periphery, but the core criminals are Gordon Liddy, his plan, his genius, his involvement. He got five years, he was sentenced to 35 5 years in jail.


John Dean ran the coverup. I mean we, we have, in the documentary that we've prepared that's being released, we have Angelo Lano, the lead FBI agent, he's asked what, what about the involvement in the coverup? What about John Dean? And he says, I credit him with 95% of the coverup activities. This is the head FBI agent. But He becomes in later life, I mean I've watched it over decades. He becomes a obedient apologist for the people in charge Does for a liberal establishment. Well, what he does, he's, he's, he's counted upon to come out no matter what the, what the case is and announce it's worse than Watergate.


I mean, he testifies against Republicans every time he doesn't testify on behalf of Republicans. But that's Kind of the point. He's, he's become probably for the last 50 years, he, in exchange for not being punished for what he did, he has become a servant of the people, people who took Nixon out. That's the way It looks to me. And, and then out of nowhere, is that fair do you think? Oh, completely out of nowhere in 2014, he publishes lots of books all on Watergate. His wife publishes a book on Watergate. He publishes one in 2014 called the Nixon Defense. And at page 54 in his book, there's a footnote and the footnote says, you know, funny thing, the smoking gun tape that drove Nixon out of office, it's released on August 5th, he resigns on August 8th.


That's what knocked Nixon off. That's been misunderstood from the beginning. It was really an effort to not have the FBI interview two people who might reveal the donation of significant contributions to creep by Democrats, by very prominent Democrats. So what appears to be Nixon agreeing to using The CIA a to cover up The Break in is nothing of the sort. Nixon agreed to use The CIA a to protect the testimony against two prominent Democrats.


If Nixon had known this, when this tape came out, when the tape was first heard, he might have lived to fight another day that those are quotes at the bottom of the page. He might have lived to fight another day. In short, the smoking gun was shooting blanks. Okay, here's the guy who's at the absolute center of the alleged wrongdoing saying it's all been a mistake. Now he testified at the trial, and when you swear in as a witness, you'd swear to tell the truth, the whole truth and nothing but the truth.


John Dean knew from the date that tape was released that it was misinterpreted. But he didn't say so at the trial when they were pushing on him. I mean, Bob Haldeman, his life is hanging by a balance. And he says that was the political decision. And John Dean says, wow. They were worried about Gordon Liddy's involvement, which is true, but a lie. It's just interesting that Nixon was forced from office on the allegation that he was using the CIA to cover it up, when in fact The CIA a had been involved in it long before Nixon even knew When we released the smoking gun tape on August 5th, we knew that would be the nail in the coffin that his his can You.


can you describe, since you transcribed it yourself, what did it say for those who can't remember? What was the substance of it? I did transcribe it. I don't have the transcript with David, But if you could just characterize it. Bob Haldeman comes in and he says the investigation is going in a direction we don't want it to go. And Nixon says, what, what are you talking about? He says, well, the tracing the money. And what he means is they're not tracing how the money got to the burglars 'cause it's clear that came from creep. It's how the money got to creep in the first place. And that will reveal these two guys. So Nixon says, was it is, is it Stan?


Does this have to do with Maurice Stan, who's finance chairman? And and Holden says, no, it's somebody who works for Stan. It's Ken Dahlberg. And then one of the most famous lines in our history, Nixon says, who the hell is Ken Dahlberg? And Halman says he's a middleman and there's another guy, a Mexican attorney, the I I'll have the name for you tomorrow, but John, they're gonna reveal the identities of these donors. And John's thought about it and come up with an answer. And he says, why don't we, he's just been over to see Pat Gray at the FBI and Pat Gray says they think it's a CIA operation.


'cause there's all these foreigners and all this foreign money and these Cubans. So we'll just get The CIA A to tell the FBI layoff these two guys. Okay. Totally misunderstood by Nixon's lawyers. They, they, they read it as no, no, no. The the effort was to shut down the investigation. But John Dean, who was there, John Dean is the one who came up with the idea. He gets in 2014 around to saying not so and Even those, he said that in his book, he'll sit there in meetings, he'll sit there in TV shows where people say, and, and Nixon tried to stop the investigation.


He won't say a word. See, John's caught in a trap. His interactions with Nixon, personal interactions with Nixon, they're on tape, so he can't fudge much. There's a memo and I've produced the memo written by one of the special prosecutors on February 6th, 74. And it lists the, the material discrepancies between John Dean's testimony before the Senate and what's on the tapes. And there's 19 material discrepancies. But The Press doesn't care. The Press has got a narrative. And the narrative is Nixon ne his people are all crooks.


We don't have to look any further, we don't have to read the transcripts. We know what they say, but they don't say it. That's what my work keys off of. And that's what we've reduced to in this documentary. So this might be a good transition to the question of the press's role in this. Now, from my perspective, The Press drove it. I, I don't know if that's correct or not, but from the vantage 50 years, it looks like the Washington Post in particular, Ben Bradley, the editor and the the two reporters, Woodward and Bernstein drove the coverage with the New York Times and Time and Newsweek and, and the networks.


Well, At, at the time there were three networks. N-D-N-D-C-A-B-C-C-B-S. Yes. There were two very powerful news, weekly news magazines, time and Newsweek both gone. Yeah, And, there was one nationally prominent dominant newspaper, the New York Times. Yes, And, there was the Washington Post, but the other five were all, the other six we're all headquartered within six blocks of each other. In midtown Manhattan, And, there was a single narrative Nixon crook people guilty. And nothing to the contrary ever made it into print. So it's no wonder American citizens think Nixon was guilty as hell, was properly caught, and his people were properly punished.


And so just for people who weren't around 50 years ago and weren't working in government then you are saying that those six news outlets all headquartered in Midtown Manhattan were, were basically the sum total of the narrative machine in the United States. There was nothing else there, there was no other point of view. There was no talk radio, there were no podcasts. There was no alternate news networks. There was no Tucker Carlson. And now look what's happened. Look what's happened to today, you 50 years. We have four terms that are newly appreciated. Deep state, fake news, false narrative, and most of all lawfare, the use of the law, the criminal provisions of the law to ruin your political opponent.


The word lawfare is very recent, but the Big bang, the creation of Lawfare, that was Watergate. You have the special prosecution force, a hundred people, that's the original table of organization and employment, 60 of whom are lawyers specially recruited to get Nixon, the top 17 lawyers over A burglary, Well over possibly knowing about a burglary. You could, the burglar should have been punished. The issue is, who else could we get?


How could we expand a third rate burglary? That's what it was called in the beginning, dismissed. How could we expand that to void the most popular president that we've ever seen in, in an election. So I want to, I want to get that you, I mean you actually participated in that whole process personally as an attorney. Well, Not getting Nixon, but defending, I'm Aware defending Nixon. But you had a front row seat to all of that. But I just wanna linger for one moment on the question of The Press. So I'm, I don't know what Bob Woodward is doing this week, but I'm sure he's participating in some sort of commemoration of his heroic role. I'm sure he is.


I'm sure he is. They're celebrating the Yeah. Strong power of The Press and Carl Bernstein, who is like a, an idiot. I know him well. I know him both. But Bernstein like, I don't even know how, I mean, that's all he is ever done with his life is Watergate. Okay. Yes. I still don't understand. The one thing I can assess having worked in journalism for over 30 years is I, it's incredibly weird that they got, the story just doesn't make any sense to me from my knowledge of how news organizations work. So Woodward and Bernstein were really young. Bernstein had been a reporter for a number of years, a few years. Woodward had not been, he was a naval intel officer working at the Pentagon, sent on a couple of occasions at least over to the Nixon White House to deliver things to briefings.


Yes, yes. And then within like months winds up at the Washington Post. Yes. With No journalism experience at all. No, None. And then Winds up with the biggest story in the modern history of journalism. Well, And if You don, like How, what is that? That's just not, that's bullshit. That's not plausible. If you wanna go back and, and really look at it on Bob Woodward, he starts out as number two. Bernstein is the lead name Bernstein. A more experienced guy. Yes, definitely. And Woodward doesn't know how to write. Okay. He just put a Naval tell officer. But Woodward has this connection with the individual who later is called Deep Throat. And we're told that Woodward has a source of inside information that fuels their stories.


Now he, and to a lesser extent, Carl accredited with being the greatest investigative reporters of all time. Yes. But all they did was leak information that the FBI had already gathered. That's not investigative reporting


we've told You before about Hallow. It is a great app that I am proud to say I use my whole family uses. It's for daily prayer and Christian meditation and it's transformative as we head into the start of school in the height of election season. You need it. Trust me, we all do. Things are gonna get crazier and crazier and crazier. Sometimes it's hard to imagine even what is coming next. So with everything happening in the world right now, it is essential to ground yourself. This is not some quack cure. This is the oldest and most reliable cure in history. It's prayer ground yourself in prayer and scripture every single day. That is a prerequisite for staying sane and healthy and maybe for doing better eternally. So if you're busy on the road headed to kids' sports, there's always time to pray and reflect alone or as a family but it's hard to be organized about it. Building a foundation of prayer is gonna be absolutely critical as we head into November, praying that God's will is done in this country, and that peace and healing come to us here in the United States and around the world. Christianity obviously is attack under attack everywhere. That's not an accident. Why is Christianity the most peaceful of all religions under attack globally? Did you see the opening in the Paralympics? There's a reason because the battle is not temporal. It's taking place in the unseen world. It's a spiritual battle, obviously. So try Hallow, get three months completely free at hallow. That's hallow.com/ Tucker. If there's ever a time to get spiritually in tuning ground yourself in prayer, it's now Hallow will help personally and strongly and totally sincerely recommended hallow.com/ Tucker.


So it's the second part of your sentence that really gives me pauses. Like the FBI is a law enforcement agency. Their job is to investigate crime and to, you know, help prosecutors punish the guilty. But that's not what they're doing here. They're acting as a political Tool. Well, it's, it's one guy. He's later called Deep Throat, but it's Mark Felt, Who's a deputy director, Deputy director, and he thinks he should have been named director to succeed j Edgar Hoover. But Nixon didn't do that. He named Pat Gray, former head of the civil division at the Department of Justice as acting director.


So Pat Gray is a useful idiot, and Mark felt sets out to undermine him at every turn in the road. So Pat Grace is staffed by Mark felt, mark felt, starts leaking stuff to Bob Woodward to undermine, felt as leader of the FBI. So He can take it over So he can take it over. That's his dream. That's his purpose. He says, so now Woodward, when they do the book, they don't wanna admit this all came from the FBI. Well, Because it's so dark at that point, then it is a deep state coup against the President.


Well, Yes, but it also undermines the narrative, the popular narrative that it was Nixon and Nixon's people, somebody on Nixon's White House staff who was leaking to Woodward, one of the great disservices of all time. Well, Because it's a completely different story. If it's someone in Nixon's political circle or one of his White House staff, you bet it's a man of principle who can't abide it anymore. His conscience won't allow him to participate. He has to tell the truth about the crimes he's seeing. If it's the FBI doing it totally different. Once again, it's a coup by permanent Washington against an elected official. It's a subversion of democracy is what It's, and for, and for 30 years, Bob Woodward actively supports the idea that Deep Throat is on the Nixon White House.


That's Lying. That's why Lying. It's worse than lying. Yeah, it's worse than lying. You can see it with your own eyes. I don't know if you've watched the movie recently. No. All the president's man, but you know, Robert Redford and Dustin Hoffman, Woodward and Bernstein are on the steps of the US Capitol of the Library of Congress. They're out of leads. They don't have any place to go. And Woodward says, I have a friend at the White House. And all of a sudden they start moving again. They're getting more information. They're, they're back in, in control. Next scene or scene after that, Woodward calls Deep Throat at his office.


Deep Throat said, never call me at the office. He's in a public phone booth. Remember those glass phone booths very well in front of the old EOB, right. Where Blair House is. Yes, Exactly. And he's looking up at the old EOB when he is talking to Deep Throat and Deep Throat says, don't call me here. But it's, the implication is there's no question where Deep Throat Works. He works in the old EOB. And then there's another scene where Deep Throat goes to, pulls out at night to go to a rendezvous at midnight in some basement garage Yeah. Parking garage. Yeah. And Hal Holbrook is playing Deep Throat, and there's this gorgeous shot from the floorboards up and it's Deep Throat in the shadows, pulling out from the northwest gate of the White House to go do the meeting.


So there are three open and shut indications. He's on deep throats on the White House staff. Absolute fraud. Because the truth would ruin the narrative. Well, but, and, and not just the narrative, the story against Nixon, but it would also raise questions about who runs the government. Yes. I mean, the promise of our system is that the people rule, it's their country. And in order to enact their will, they elect their representatives up to and including the president. And the real story of Watergate tells a very different tale about who runs the country, which is that the people with permanent jobs accountable to nobody unfi have all the power.


Well, then there's, then there's the, the idea that deep throat, I'm sorry that Bob Woodward took it upon himself to interview Grand Jurors. Absolute Eb Boden be because a grand juror complained to the prosecutor and said, we've been approached by these reporters. Woodward denies it. Bernstein denies it. They send Edward Bennett and They were asked directly. Absolutely. They send Edward Bennett Williams to see Judge Sarika The most famous lawyer in Washington, owner of the Redskins Counsel to the Washington Post and the Democratic National Committee. A very, very good lawyer. Okay? He goes to see Judge Sarika, his best friend, judge Sarika has asked Edward Bennett Williams to be godparents to Sark's daughter.


Sarika is frequently at the owner's box for the Redskins game. I mean, the, the owner's box is 50 seats. So Edward Bennett Williams knows how to use power. He goes to see Sarika and said, you know, they tried, but they didn't really interview a grand juror. No harm, no foul. Don't punish them. 2014, a guy is doing a biography on Ben Bradley. Editor of the Washington Post Gives him access to his records. He finds in Bradley's files seven page typed memo by Carl Bernstein describing his interview with the grand juror, open and shut proof.


Not only did they interview a grand juror, but the post management knew it. You don't know for sure if Edward Ben Williams knew it, but Ben Bradley knew it. So the reason that You don't interview, you're not allowed to talk to Grand Jurors, is because it can influence the process Yes. Of indictment. So what you have here is the news organization, the Washington Post, Ben Bradley Woodward and Bernstein, not only lying about what they did, but inserting themselves into the legal process. You Bet. Well, that's like, And when this, this The most immoral thing You can imagine, When this author Jeff Himmelman, the book's called yours in truth, describes it chapter and verse 2014, he approaches Woodward and says, can you explain this?


And Woodward says, you print that and I will ruin you. You, you do anything about that, and you'll never work in this town again. Threatens the guy over the truth. Coming out about, IM illegally approaching a grand juror. Can I just add this again, this is a sidebar, but I, it's interesting to me, Woodward for the last 50 years has remained kind of at the very top of journalism in Washington. The hero. He's a hero. Truly. I mean, I, yes, He's a fraud. He's an utter fraud. And it's proven that he's a fraud. So how, you know, why is every, I think every president since Nixon, maybe not Jimmy Carter or Gerald Ford, but the rest have all sort of sat with Bob Woodward, talked to Bob Woodward, their whole staffs who talked to Bob Woodward.


And, and you know why, why? Because Woodward's gonna do a book. Okay, whatever the book, book on the Supreme Court book on The CIA. Right. And he says, in no uncertain terms, if you refuse to talk with me, I will ruin you in the book. So you got AdChoices fella, either you talk to me or I write about you without presenting your side. So how is that different from what the mafia used to do? The mafia literally killed people. Yeah. Woodward kills reputations. Let me show you one other thing if I could, and then we'll please, I'll, we'll go from there'll, Bob Woodward secures the first interview with the recently departed special prosecutor, Whose name Is Leon Jaworski.


He's the second special prosecutor. He didn't wanna be special prosecutor, he wanted to go back home to Texas. So when the coverup trial is still going on, but the jury has been sequestered, he tenders his resignation. He saw it through Nixon being named a co-conspirator Nixon resigning, Nixon being pardoned by Ford. Time to go home. The first interview after he leaves is with Bob, Bob Woodward. And we have Bob's typewritten notes of that interview. And in the second sentence, I happen to have it with me right here because I, I, I work off the written record.


The second sentence of his notes says, says, there were a lot of one-on-one conversations that nobody knows about but him and the other party. But that's a bizarre thing for the special prosecutor to say. How, how did you succeed? Well, there were a lot of one-on-one conversations with somebody that nobody knows about. He was talking about the multitude of secret meetings he had had with Judge Sarika. We didn't know it at the time. We, I'm sorry to ask you to pause, but since you're a Harvard Law School graduate, you'll know the answer.


How can one side in a criminal proceeding meet secretly with the judge? Oh, they can't. It's just, it's just absolute per se violation. If you're caught, if it becomes public, you met with a judge without the other side being present, you are off the case. You might be disbarred and the judge will be prevented from hearing that case. And he may be impeached. It is a flavor. Okay? So it's not, it's not just a technical violation. It gets to the core of it's huge fairness in the justice system. It goes to the core of due process. It goes to the absolute core of due processing. What I've uncovered, holy Smokes, What I've uncovered is written proof of at least 10 secret meetings between prosecutors and Judge Sarika.


Judge Sarika was a terrible judge. The most reversed in the DC circuit. A petty tyrant who knew nothing about the law. He was not a bright man. Naturally. Time Magazine named him, man, the year because he was reversed most often for violating defendant's rights. And you're sitting there saying, you mean to tell me you met with the other prosecutors? The prosecutors wrote descriptions of their meetings with Judge Sarika. But Wait, I mean, that's just absolutely nuts. And that was never reported by anyone. Oh no. In fact, what happened was the three top prosecutors left early.


They left before the coverup trial was over, and they took their records with them, their sensitive files. And they didn't start to surface until 2013, well after these guys died. And they, they ended up at the National Archives. And I happened to be researching, I've spent 27,000 hours researching the Watergate prosecutions, reading every document, pursuing every possibility. And I was the first to see what turned out to be Leon Jaworski's confidential Watergate files. And they describe unbelievable things.


They describe secret meetings with a judge. They describe political decisions that we're gonna indict Republicans on very, very flimsy evidence and not invite Democrats on super strong evidence. Because if you invited Democrats, that would ruin the narrative. I mean, the big case, if I could just two, two names. Chuck Colson was perhaps Nixon's fiercest defender, but he wasn't involved in the coverup. So the prosecutors come in for a review, and the lead trial guys who wanna indict everybody, they said, we wanna indict Colson, name him in the comprehensive up indictment.


And, and the question is as well, what are the odds of conviction? Well, he's not that involved. The odds are about 50 50. And one of the other lawyers says, well, you can't do that. That's not the standard for indicting somebody. That's the standard for saying there's probable cause. But we don't, we at the Department of Justice do not let people get indicted unless we're very confident that a jury knowing what we know will convict 50 50 is not good enough. And then they go on to a guy named, but they indicted him anyway. And he Went to prison. Oh, he was convicted, open and shut.


He pled guilty to the plumber's case so he wouldn't get sentenced by maximum John Sarika in the coverup case. And after that, Sarika announced, no more plea deals all gotta come through me because I am the avening angel. I will have justice in my court due process be damned. Sounds like Sarika was a Democratic partisan. Well, he was named by Eisenhower as a Republican, but he acted as a Democrat throughout Edward Bennett Williams was his best friend, his career mentor.


And as I say, The councils of the DNC and The Council and the Washington Post, the council to the DNC and the Washington Post. And Sarika was a frequent occupant at the owner's box of the Redskins games. And, and Edward Bennett Williams and his wife were godparents to Erika's daughter. It's also Crazy. Oh, it's nuts. It's absolutely nuts. But it's so recognizable. It's, it, it's a city that I recognize having spent my life there. But it's all where everyone knows everybody. And everybody's sort of intertwined in that, you know, media politics. Yep. Government Law, one industry, one industry. It's Really, and everyone's kind of serving the same master and has the same instincts of self preservation. So These, these, But it's crazy that the whole country could have watched this.


And I guess the news coverage didn't reflect any of this, Or, well, no. When the Irvin Committee gave John Dean immunity and he agreed to testify against Nixon, they had every reason in the world to have John Dean portrayed as an innocent whistleblower. And they did a very good job at it. He alone a arrives to testify and he has a 240 page statement. Now, normally they say thanks. Put that in the record. Summarize it in the next couple of minutes, we'll get to our questions. John Dean was allowed to read his entire 240 page statement.


It was not passed out in advance. Republicans had no chance to look at it in advance. And he started it two in the afternoon. So when he was through the committee adjourned, no cross-examination, no opportunity to ask what on earth he was doing. So Dean's reputation is made as an innocent whistleblower. Now the Irvin Committee bears striking parallels to the J six committee of today. Democrat dominance. Four to three. No other topic to look into except the 72 campaign.


Not 68, not 64, not 60. Oh no, we don't want to go back that far. And Nixon had no, there were three Republicans but no defenders on the committee. Right. One of the senators, lo weer of Connecticut went on the committee for the avowed purpose of sinking Richard Nixon. Right. And he later became effectively a Democrat. Absolutely. So They always tell you it's the most important election of your lifetime. But of course this one actually is, that's demonstrable. And it's also because it is so important being censored at every level by the tech companies. So we were thinking about this a couple of months ago and we thought, why not get on the road live in front of actual people, live audiences coast to coast, A nationwide tour where we can't be censored.


That'd be good. It would also be fun. So we're doing it. We're gonna be on stage with some of our friends, some of the most fascinating people we know, the most recognizable people we know, responding to what is happening in America this September in real time. It'll be just like the podcast, but it's gonna be live. So we're excited to announce our friend Larry Elder, is coming to join us in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Our friend John Rich will be there with us in Sunrise, Florida. We're adding more stops. We added another stadium show in Redding, Pennsylvania. Will be joined on stage by Alex Jones. They tell you what Alex Jones is like. Have you seen him in person? You should make up your own mind. It's gonna be fun as hell and interesting and intense. And we hope you will join us.


Go to Tucker Carlson dot com right now to get your tickets. See you there. Lowell p Weer my former neighbor in Washington and Howard Baker of Tennis. Where, where? In Washington. In Bellhaven Actually. Well, John Dean owned a townhouse in Old Town. Yeah. On Quail Quay Street. Wika owned a townhouse, two or three doors up. He bought Dean's townhouse to get Dean enough money to enable Dean to relocate to Beverly Hills.


I have the deed from John Dean to Lowell Weer, not Beverly Hills, Alexandria, Beverly Hills, California. No, Beverly Hills, California. So weer describes in his book, he's, he's walking out from a restaurant, he said dinner with Dean and he says, what else can we do, you know, to ruin Nixon? Dean says his taxes, Dean had his taxes 'cause he was counsel to the president. Magically they leak. Whole new investigation. Did Richard Nixon pay properly pay taxes? Oh my God. Just unbelievable. So it Really is like having Liz Cheney on the committee.


It is. Absolutely. Now, now go back. I wish I'd understood all of this during the January 6th committee. Well, as, as well. Yeah. But it, it, see you, you would be making points. Nobody would believe. I mean, as we started out this discussion, the special prosecutor, the top 17 lawyers all worked together in Robert Kennedy's Department of Justice. This was a constitutional inversion where the people who lost power with Nixon's election 1968, sudden suddenly are in charge of investigation and prosecution. They announced at The Press conference, they will investigate every allegation of wrongdoing about Nixon since he took office in 1969.


So what we originally characterized as a third rate burglary, maybe so suddenly had been used as the bootstrap to launch investigations of every aspect of the Nixon administration. Just unbelievable. And and they ruined him. Wait, Well they certainly did. The first 17 lawyers, how many lawyers were there? 60. How 60 lawyers working full-time on this. Especially recruited. 'cause they hated Nixon. Archibald Cox is the first special prosecutor. He's a labor lawyer from Harvard. He hires as his first hire.


James Vorenberg, who teaches criminal law. Vorenberg does two things. He says, I'm gonna staff this place and I'm only gonna hire people I know. So we don't have to worry about full field investigations. We gotta get this thing up and running. And I'll take back, Back in there. Background checks. Yeah, Background checks. Don't have time for that. Yeah. I'll take responsibility for keeping notes of how things unfold so I can write the report when we're done. 'cause they didn't know they'd win. So he takes notes at every staff meeting and by hand he takes them back to Harvard.


They didn't become available to public researchers until 2015. How, how is that? That's the Transparency. Well, Harvard didn't make them available. I'd go up, I'd, I'd go say good there at the Harvard Treasure Room. In the Harvard Law Library. I know the director well. And I would say where his papers, he's dead. He's died a long time ago. And I had a sentence in my second book and I said, Harvard won't won't disclose. And I called up to be sure the footnote was still valid. And they said, oh, we just opened them. So I went up, may I ask you again to put who makes that decision? Beats the heck outta me. Somebody at Harvard. But these, these are all, I mean these were lawyers being paid for with tax dollars, correct?


Oh, absolutely. On government time. Right. Well, you know, so Why does Harvard have a right to keep It Doesn't documents produced at our expense secret in their archive. Like, I don't, I don't get that at all. Well, On the Harvard story, I came down and told the archives, they got these records and the archives is chicken to go challenge Harvard. Go demand those papers. Harvard likes The na, the National Archives. Federal Archives. Federal Archives. Now Jaworski's papers. He he took 'em back to Texas. You aren't supposed to take papers. Tucker. You're absolutely right. Well, I think Trump got indicted for that. Well, I think he did. But but Joe didn't see you see how that works out?


Yeah, Trump did, but Joe didn't. That that's kind of like Watergate. Yeah. I say, we say Lawfare didn't start with Trump. The origin of Lawfare was Watergate, where every decision was made against Nixon and his people. I I told you, Chuck Colson, who should never have been indicted. Well, Howard Hunt's lawyer, bill Bitman was a very prominent Democrat. A democrat icon. He's guilty as hell. He was running the coverup from the lawyer's point of view, never indicted. And, and, and in the notes, in the meetings where they're making those decisions, the prosecution team says he's guilty as hell.


And Leon Jaworski, who's a Texan, a Lyndon Johnson protege says, no, if we indict Bitman, it'll ruin him. You've gotta be positive that he's guilty before I'll sign an indictment in light of what he's done. It's in the notes in light of what he's done for us as Democrats. I don't want him indicted. So again, open and shut in writing documents, showing political persuasion on who got indicted and who doesn't sue? I I'm, I'm just fascinated by the idea. There were 60 lawyers paid for by taxpayers.


I have their names in my first book. So who are some of them? Right? Did any of 'em, they're not famous. None of them went on to Well, no, There are famous members of our class, but they weren't involved in Watergate. Kimba Wood is a second circuit. Judge Kimba Wood was nominated the love judge to the Supreme Court. Yeah. Yes. No, be, be Attorney General. I'm so sorry. Exactly right. Ties girl you've ever laid eyes on Bill, bill Clinton and then Lou Kaplan. Lou Kaplan is the one who recently decided the Carol Jane Defamation case. Where the, the assessor. Seriously. 81. Oh, he's, And he was one of the 60 lawyers. No, he's in my Harvard Law School Class.


Oh, I'm sorry. No, no, no. I'm, We're trying to get famous lawyers. I mean, of the bill. Bill will. Now this is a perfect example of what happened to me. Bill weld's in my class or within a year or two when I would go out and crew, you know, row for relaxation on the Charles River. I'd check the shell out of the weld boathouse. Oh yeah. There Are three buildings on the Harvard campus named after Weld. He is the 18th weld to attend Harvard. And here comes Jeff, Jeff from nowhere out of Whittier College and Irvine Ranch. I mean, just thrown in the lion's den with the preppy and the guys who went to the white shoe schools.


Oh, not the preppy, Not like you So well is a buffoon, unfortunately sad buffoon. But to the, to the 60, I just can't believe there were 60 lawyers on this case against Nixon. That just seems like ex an extraordinary large number of lawyers. Well, they stopped announcing them. The reason I was able to piece it together is they show, in their report the names of the staff, but they don't include whether they were a lawyer or not. So you've got Google each and every name and see if You can come up with somebody from Harvard or Yale.


And Who were, were they all, would you say Democratic partisans? Well, they had to be to get hired. There's one guy who's nominally a Republican, Phil Avara. But he's never been in a Republican administration. I I I, it's very strange. How could you say yes, I'm a I'm a diehard Republican, but you've never served. Well, you bring that guy in for the same reason you bring Liz Cheney in to say this is him. Well, Except, except Phil Avara was number one in his class at Columbia and is coming from the solicitor general's office. And his ranking number two and a half in the special prosecutor's office.


He takes his files with him when he leaves. Now he is still alive. He quits flamboyantly over the nick over the Ford. Pardon? And he says, I will not be a party to prosecuting Nixon's staff when Nixon got off scot free. Now that's a man of principle, but he's the one that wrote the memo that said, you can't indict Chuck Colson on a 50 50 assumption of conviction. He's the one that writes a memo. I have all these. 'cause he gave them back in 2020, gave them all the files he'd taken with him back to archives. And I happened to be having lunch with the archivist, most responsible for the prosecutor's documents.


And he said, oh, we got Phil VARs papers. And I said, do you need a FOIA request? I'd love to look through them. He said, you don't have to. He just gave them to us. We've got 'em. Now when you look at 'em and you get to look at the originals, you know, I'm not gonna destroy anything. It's obvious they've been stored in the basement somewhere. 'cause the staples have rusted a little bit and stained the paper. So they've gone through it and they've, they've made photocopies. So you're not looking at the actual originals, but he has one memo in there saying, we just got the dissent on the effort to get sarika thrown off the case.


And it's a good dissent. And I'm really worried about that issue. The issue of rec recusal. We should never have let Sarika name himself to preside over the second trial. But since we've crossed that bridge, there's no no turning back now. So You can say in writing, even the top prosecutors knew Sarika should not have been allowed to appoint himself to preside over the trial. When he did, we objected. We took it up on appeal. He's too tainted. You can't use him. And the A CLU submitted an amicus brief, the American Civil Liberties Union and said, we put this brief in because the defendants deserve an unbiased judge.


And they've asked for a hearing on whether Sarika has met privately with the prosecutors. Now we know he'd met at least seven times with these prosecutors. He'd met with Cox, he'd met with Silbert. He'd met with Jaworski. It's absolutely crazy. Well, it's absolutely crazy that they wrote memos about it. And we went up to the court and said, we gotta have this hearing. And the court rules. This is the DC circuit without allowing the opportunity for oral argument in a per cum that's unsigned. One sentence holding motion denied.


Cannot have an evidentiary hearing. The fix is SAR in at that point, fix is in, you know why the fix was in it just, it gets, it gets worse and worse. Archer Cox, the first special prosecutor, became so worried that Sarika was doing these crazy rulings on behalf of the prosecutors that they'd win at trial but lose on appeal. He was the most reverse judge on appeal because of his ignorance, unacceptability of defendant's rights. So Cox goes to see the chief judge of the DC circuit, David Lon.


And he says, I tell you what, there's five liberals on your court and there's four non-liberal. It's a nine man court. The normal appeal will be heard by three judges. That's how we do appeals. You're guaranteed an appeal, but it's three judges. We could end up with two Republicans and maybe Sarika would be overturned. These are crazy rulings. But if you hold all hearings on Ikas cases in bunk, the whole nine judges, then you'll always be in control. And Sarika can always be upheld. Okay?


So You can look at the 12 criminal appeals from Judge Sarika never before or since. In any federal court in our nation's history, they're all heard in bonk from the very outset, never done before. So All nine judges hear every one because the partisan breakdown guarantees that circle will be upheld every time You've got it. And Balon, what was his role? Was that his suggestion? He's chief judge. Well, Cox goes to see Balon. Okay, now what adds spice to life? He's Balon corrupt. That sounds like a corrupt conversation to me. It's absolutely corrupt.


But what Eds spice to life is the law clerk is in the room. The law clerk hears this conversation, how to stack the deck on appeal. Okay, Balon doesn't agree, but he follows through. Later when the appeals come, that law clerk told one person near, as we can reconstruct, this has been a lot of effort. One person. And that person was about to be sworn in to the DC circuit. And he said, you know, there was this one time when the court corruption really came through that judge told me that story.


And he told me that story on June 17th, 2008 in the lobby of the Metropolitan Club. My book was coming out that day. And I happened to run into the judge, good friend, I'll tell you his name in a minute, good friend. And, and my, he was gonna come to the book launch to which was being held at the spy museum. I mean, my first book was gonna be fun. And he, and he said, you know what happened? What happened is Cox went to see Balon and told her how to stack the deck. And I said, by God, that's the missing link. And he said, what do you mean? I said, well, I've got all these crazy decisions by Sarika.


But he was always upheld on appeal and I can't figure it out. He said, well now you do, but don't quote me. This is a, this is a sensitive, it was in the lobby of the Metropolitan Club. This is a private conversation. I don't want the heat from telling you that story. So in 2008, referring back to 1973 or four? Four. Well, no, 73. 73, yeah. And he's still worried about it. Oh, very much so. Now the, the guy, and you don't wanna reveal his name, the guy is Carr, his first name might be, might be Robert, might be Bob Bill, but his last name is Carr, CARR.


And he was Babylon's law clerk. The judge is Larry Silverman. No way. Oh, most prominent Republican on the DC circuit. He was Deputy Attorney General during Watergate's unfolding. And Larry and I talked every day, regardless of the crisis, What a nice man he was. Oh, what a wonderful person. Regardless of the crisis, the White House has to talk to the Department of Justice. There's stuff that can't be put off. And Larry and I would kid each other that we held the nation together during the worst days toward the end of, of water, Watergate talked every day.


I begged Larry to let me get somebody else who the, the law clerk talked to his law school roommate, was on the DC Circuit Ginsburg, Richard Ginsburg. And Larry said, I've checked. He didn't tell Ginsburg. Now what about his wife? His wife was a lawyer. If he told you he told somebody else. He said, no, didn't happen. So I interviewed the wife, didn't know a thing about it. So I put it in the book without Silverman's wife. No, no, no. The law clerk's. Yep. Law clerk's, wife. So I put the comment in the book without attribution that the fix was in years go by.


And my third book comes out and I go down to see Larry. He's a good friend. And, and I say, Larry, I I, what I want you to do is call up Merrick Garland and tell him I know what I'm talking about. That, that the Department of Justice ought to look into this stuff. This, this stuff I've uncovered is incredible. He says, I'm not talking to him, I don't like what he's done, but I'll tell you what I'll do. What you ought to do is have the Federalist Society put on a seminar about this, about what you've discovered. And he's on the board. And I said, will you participate? And he looks off and he says, yeah, I'll participate in your seminar.


So we get ready and it's on film, it's available. And he says, now what do you want me to say other than the balon event? He's now eager to get that on the record. And we have it on film. And he describes just what I told you, that the clerk was there, the set up Cox went in the set up. And then he says, now I've asked today's clerk of court for the record. You don't just move to go e bonk from the beginning without a vote of the judges. There's gotta be discussion. And I asked the clerk for the record and he said, the clerk took a long time looking.


And he came back and he said, there's no record. I've never seen anything like this before in my life. Balon just did it without notice to the minority judges. That Is so corrupt for a prosecutor to rig the appeals process with a judge is just Africa. I mean, that's just next level. Yes. So what role did Hillary Clinton then Hillary Rodham play in Watergate? Well, there's a book, the book is called The Crime Without Honor, the Crimes of Camelot and the Fall of Richard Nixon written in the 1990s by the former Chief Counsel of the House Judiciary Committee.


And he describes terrible things about Hillary Clinton and, and the one that I find the most interesting, she's a very recent graduate of Yale Law School, Hillary Rodham. And he says the staffer running the impeachment inquiry, John Doer, was beholden to a professor at Yale Law School, Burke Marshall, who was going to be Ted Kennedy's Attorney General if he won. Okay. So Hillary Rodham was a recent graduate of Yale and she was a go-between, she was carrying messages back and forth between these two people.


And, and, and she did things that were hugely political. For example, the Republican minority on the impeachment inquiry kept demanding comparability. What about acts by other presidents? You say Nixon abused power, that he's responsible for abusive power. What about other presidents? How did they respond to allegations of abuse? So Hillary's assigned the project. She goes back up to Yale and lines up the chairman of the Yale History Department C Van Woodward. And he gets four other history professors and they work round the clock to research and write up every president from Lyndon Johnson back to George Washington and how they interacted with the Congress.


And of course there's always tension between the two branches. Allegations of abuse. Thomas Jefferson won't build the submarine. Well that's abuse. We gave them money. You can't sequester he wants to fire somebody. Well, we like that body. We don't want him to fire them. So they produce this manuscript, which looks too good for Richard Nixon. It says, these tensions between the two branches have gone on since its founding. So they suppress it. They do not share it with the Republican minority, particularly a Congressman Wiggins out of California, who was Nixon's principal defender on the House Judiciary Committee.


And And this is a document produced with federal money? Oh, absolutely. Without question. I, I don't know that they paid them, but Hillary's trips back and all the communications. But It's part of it. It's part of the, the the judicial system. It it's part Of our justice system. Well, yes, but this is, this is the impeachment inquiry by the house of, Of course. But this is, this is not some freelance project there. Oh no. Oh no. This is, this is to produce. But they suppress it Surely. And it never comes up. We decided it wouldn't be helpful for them to see this stuff. That's what Rodino and Hillary say months later.


The professors are pretty damn proud about their work product. You know, they did this big study and they publish it as a book out of nowhere. I happen to have a copy of the book Responses of the President's to charges of misconduct with the C Van Wood writing the introduction. Interesting. Does that come out before Nixon's resignation? Oh, after, after. of course, of course. It comes out after. It would've been helpful if it had come out before. So Hillary Clinton works for who Technically she reports to John Dore, who is the head of the combined impeachment staff.


I think there were 45 lawyers on the combined impeachment staff. I think they were specially hired by Dore. The the person you wanna read is a lady named Renata Adler. Yes. Who, who was on the staff at the time, then went to Yale Law School and then became a writer. And she wrote one article about the first year reunion of the impeachment staff. And she said, you know, seems to me in retrospect, it was something of a coverup nobody told us about what came out under the church committee.


The church committee was a Watergate reform Yes. To look into the abuse and misuse of The CIA and the FBI. They, they looked at international and domestic and she says, the only thing I can think was we were part of a coverup. 'cause we weren't told about any of that. And that would've changed everything. And then there's another article she did when she was editor of New York magazine and she wrote a book about the last great days of the New York magazine. And she said in the book, I refuse to run a review of John Erika's book because he was so corrupt.


And his son was working for Newsday and the New York Times and others responded badly and pilled her. And so she licked her wounds. And then she published an article just dumping all over John Sarika. You know, his parents were bootleggers. He, he intentionally tossed the 13 cases he was supposed to try under the Volted Act. He dropped outta law school twice. He was an organizer of boxing matches in the district when it was illegal. He is just a terrible, terrible guy. So if you wanna know more, which it Sounds like a criminal, well It does sound like he did criminal activities.


He, he said that nobody was more surprised than he was when he passed the bar. He'd already moved to Florida to resume his semi-pro boxing career. And then he shows up, he shows up as this petty tyrant, you know, and, and he does all these really strange rulings as a judge. He may as well have sat at the, at the prosecutor's table. So what is this, I mean, this is also amazing. I thought I knew a lot about this. I I didn't. As you've watched the criminal prosecution of Donald Trump as he, you know, becomes the Republican nominee, have have you noticed similarities between what you're seeing now and what you saw 50 years ago?


Yeah, I I I call them parallels, but, but it's, it's, it's, it's just unbelievable the parallels. And, and, and I, I, I don't like to write about Trump because I don't have any in any inside information. Yes. But the suspicion is there, based on what I've proven about what happened in Nixon. So the J six committee, J six committee is loaded with Democrats. Trump has no representative on the committee. Nominal Republicans, but no defendants. Adam Kininger. They don't, they, they don't look at why the capitol was unguarded. They start at a certain point and go forward.


They've misplaced or lost records that would, would appear to be helpful to Trump people. But oh, they're gone. We don't have those interviews. The charges. This is, I, I think this is astonishing, just astonishing. The Trump has tried in New York and, and they gotta get a felony in order to have an extended statute of limitations. You know, this is, the fix is in from the beginning. The defenders don't know the charge against Trump until the prosecutor's summation at the end of the trial, yes, you faked your, your accounting, but there has to be a another felony.


And they didn't name the other felony. So today it's one of three. Doesn't have to be a majority of the jury. That's why it's on appeal. The prosecutors decided in a secret meeting with Sarika that the law was too unclear as to whether you could indict a sitting president. It's, it's assumed today, but there's no decision. So they decided, rather than litigate that, let's take all the evidence that we've gathered to indict Nixon, send it to the House Judiciary Committee so they can impeach Richard Nixon.


Now there's different standards on, on indictment. Only prosecutors have access to grand juries. Grand juries are something like a star chamber. It's conducted in secret. Your attorney can't be in the room with you. You can't put on your own evidence. You can't cross examine witnesses. You don't know what they said about you when you get there. You don't know what they said about you when you leave. So it is a horror show. If it becomes used for political purposes, Congress doesn't have access to a grand jury. So Congress in its investigations is limited.


Here's these specially recruited special prosecutors, and they say what we know the house judiciary can't find out. We could only do it with a grand jury. Now, parallel to your grand jury operating in secret, and it's gotta stay secret forever, what the witnesses say, you know what you, what happens in Vegas stays in Vegas. Yes. By federal law, no exceptions, okay? No, no. In essence, no exceptions. But when you go to prove that in court, same evidence. The sixth, fifth, and sixth amendments come into play. Yes. Gotta be sworn testimony, gotta be evidence, gotta be cross-examination, gotta be a public trial, gotta be a jury of your peers, all this stuff.


So it balances out Even those. The grand jury is a holy terror, particularly if you're cold. I've ne I don't know if you have, I've never been called in front of the grand jury, but Terry terrify you. What the prosecutors worked out brilliant was let's send our evidence up to the house judiciary committee and we'll call it a presentment. 'cause the Fifth Amendment says you can't be charged a federal crime except by presentment or indictment of a grand jury. Nobody's really sure what presentment means. Let's call it present. We'll send it up now for just for a second.


Assume what the grand jury knows is garbage. It's untested. Okay? It, it, it, it shouldn't be and should never see the light of day if it's gonna, it's gotta have the counter tests. But they send it to house judiciary and they say, oh no, gotta be secret. Can't be revealed to anybody. So Nixon's defenders don't know what he's been charged with, kind of outta nowhere. He's charged an unindicted co-conspirator in the Watergate coverup. Both special prosecutors said publicly we would never do that to Nixon. 'cause he's named, but he can't come into court to defend himself 'cause he's not charged.


He's unindicted. But they did it anyway. And they sent it up there to the hill secret accusations of what Nixon did to cause them to name him a co-conspirator. That document is called the roadmap. Now the roadmap is an outline of 55 pages. Fact, John Dean is named counsel to the president underline citation, John Dean's grand jury testimony. Okay? Fact citation, fact citation, 55 pages. But if you print out the citations mainly to Watergate tapes or grand jury testimony, two reams of paper, I tell you, nobody read the citations.


They just took the facts as facts. They couldn't prove Nixon had done anything wrong. They couldn't prove that Nixon was personally involved in the coverup. Okay? So they lied, they lied about it, they faked their evidence. And it wasn't until 2018 as a result of my court petition, that Barrell Howell then chief judge unsealed the roadmap. So for the first time in 45 years, we could learn what Nixon was accused of having done.


That justified his then his removal. But at the time, his indictment nothing short of incredible. And I'm the only one, you know, you, you, you get the impression I've drilled pretty deeply in this stuff. I'm the only one that had the knowledge to go back through and check all the citations and then cover way down in one of them. They fake it. But What's so interesting is like they removed the president of the United States and nobody thought to demand an answer to the most simple question, which is what exactly did he do wrong? Yes, that is absolutely True. You would wait 45 years to find out. We were told it was there, trust us and move on. Now, you know, we spent, where Was the Washington Post?


Huh? We spent a lot of time on this, and it's complicated as it can be. We help is on the way. The 50th anniversary is the eighth of of August. And we're, we've produced and we're releasing an hour long documentary that summarizes all this over the years. I've written three books. One is concentrating on the Kennedy people and how they orchestrated this one is concentrating on the, the Leon Jaworski's internal files that describe all these secret meetings and one centers on the roadmap and the fact that the Congress was lied to and, and, and it's complex and people can read the books, but they really ought to watch the movie.


And the movie's gonna come out on our website, www watergate secrets.com and what's it called? The documentary, Watergate Secrets and Betrayals orchestrating Nixon's demise. And it's narrated by John o' Hurley. And the genius is the guy who wrote it, George Bugatti, because he took my hugely detailed legal expressions and he put 'em into language that Americans can understand, hit the high points so You can get an appreciation of what was going on. Now we got there, this is funny. We got there because he wanted to produce a play on Nixon's impeachment.


Okay? And here's the play bill. It played off Broadway in August of 2021. And, and if you think about it for a second, you reduce all my books to an hour and a half play. You gotta pick out the highlights and the words and, and and, and be persuasive without taking up too much time. Now what we've done, same thing, same people is produce a serious documentary on those documents. And we started with a set of 24 that I put together for a production we did for the Hoover Institution about a year ago.


And they are 24 internal memos that trace the, the ex parte meetings, which are terribly wrong. The suppression of evidence that would've been helpful to the defense, the political naming of, of defendants. We only name Republicans. We don't name Democrats, all laid out in these 24 worst memos. And we took a selection of that to put in the documentary. Can I ask you, thank you for saying that and I'm gonna watch it. I have two more questions for you, both sort of broader questions, less precise.


First is, what did Nixon think of all of this? Do you have any idea? He went to his grave not knowing what had been done to him. Really one of the great disappointments in life, not even suspecting what had been done. And so did Earl Luman and Haldeman so did to a large extent, Chuck Colson, Chuck died much later. But I've uncovered what was simply not known. Now, i, I grant you your knowledge of an interest in The Break in, and and it looks peculiar. Yeah, good questions. But that's not what sunk Richard Nixon. What sunk Richard Nixon was hugely biased.


Lawfare the perversion of the criminal justice system designed to drive Nixon from office to void his reelection and, and, and to imprison his top aids. And, and Nixon didn't understand that You Don think No, no. What Did he think happened? I mean, he got, well, I'll tell you what I thought. And, and, and, and maybe that's what he thought until I discovered these documents, I thought of Watergate as a tragedy. Let me, let me read you the definition of tragedy. Greek Greek tragedy, okay? In Poetics Aristotle's book, he defines the ideal, tragic hero as a man who's highly renowned and prosperous, but not one who is preeminently virtuous and just whose misfortune is brought upon him.


Not by vice or depravity, but by some error of judgment or frailty. And, and that's Nixon. And then the, the, the, there's the interpretation of Shakespearean tragedy, which envisions a setting in which a moral order reacts violently and convulsively against certain infractions. From this reaction comes the calamity, which befalls the hero frequently way out of proportion to the infraction itself. And within this calamity, there is a dominating impression of waste. You could say that's, that's Watergate two, and that's what I believed.


I thought he should have resigned. I, I believe the, the smoking gun said what was, was properly interpreted as, as being a part of the coverup. And then I started discovering these documents. And, and you, you, I picture myself sometimes as a monk, you know, sitting up on a high top desk in a monastery in the middle ages with a candle here going through dusty manuscripts and discovering what we've been told is the opposite of what was written down at the time. The memos that I've uncovered are nothing short of incredible.


And, and what distinguishes my work from allegations from suspicions today is I've got this paper trail Nobody can refute. These documents are either at the National archives or, or, or released on, on, on, on, on the web. You can go read them or up at Harvard who would question Harvard. But they were handwritten far from me. Handwritten. They're handwritten notes from, from James Berg. But Did, I mean, did you ever speak to Nixon after he left office? I did not. I went out for his groundbreaking. I went out for his funeral. I decided it was better not to remind him of my role on, on his defense team.


Now he remember I'm just a staffer. I'm just a kid, right? But he knew who I was. There's this one piece sequence where Jerry Ford gets my name wrong and Nixon corrects him in the cabinet room on, on, on, on, on my name. So I mean that pretty proud moment. There's another segment in the, in the cabinet room when we have the Republican leadership up. And, and Nixon is, it gets an odd feeling every once in a while. And he starts talking about these really bright lawyers who are on the staff. And Jeff Shepherd in particular is just, he works so hard and he's so bright and he goes on and on and on.


And Tom Kloss recently passed away. Great guy starts writing down this fake newspaper called Leader News. And he is got a picture, he says Shepherd star rises enormously. So he is got a handwritten shepherd with a crook and a sheep and a star. And it says President praises shepherd 40 times the cabinet is at risk. Shepherd's gonna get a sheed car, bigger office. I mean, it just, and it was embarrassing, but it it sure stoked my ego. I bet, bet it did. So, but Nixon SI mean, I didn't know Richard Nixon, but I, you know, he did several interviews famously with David Frost, but others where this came up and he seemed not very bitter about it or not Well, but that's self-control.


Yeah, you, you know, one of the really interesting things about Nixon, he's, he's in the military, he's in the Navy, goes to the front Pacific and, and he sets up a hamburger stand, all this kinda stuff. But he plays poker and he comes home with $10,000 of winnings from poker that funds his first campaign. Okay? Now, to be that good, you gotta be able to read people and you gotta prevent people from reading you. And, and nobody writes about that. They don't understand. And and for Nixon, it was self-control. So he says, I don't blame John Dean for doing what he did, the guy brought down the presidency, but he makes himself say that Now on his final speech on the morning where he is gonna go out and get on the helicopter, it's, he's announced the night before he is gonna gonna resign.


He's saying goodbye to his staff. And I was, I, I was there pretty bitter because of that tape. But he says, you know, you, you just can't be bitter. If you're bitter, if you return hatred, then you lose and the hatred will consume you. And at the time I thought I was just pebble, you know, what do you say? But he was being sincere. That's, he really believed that. A couple of the truths, if I may, Nixon believed the truth was gonna come out without question. When he would allude to his prosecution or exposure of Alger, his as a communist spy in 19 46, 47, his, the, the statute had run on his being a communist.


What botched his up was his perjured testimony. Yep. So Nixon would say from then on, remember Alger, his, anything you do don't perjure yourself. And in one of the tapes he says, because then you got two problems, you got the original problem and you got the problem that you perjure yourself. That's right. So I know if people from the reelection committee had come in, which they didn't and say, what do I do? He was, for God's sakes, don't lie. You know, that just digs you in deeper. He was told by John Dean after the, after The Break in that nobody on the White House staff knew completely clean.


They built their whole defense on that he dean neglected to remind them about his meetings in the attorney general's office. Yeah. So they, they were, they were Nixon felt to the last day we could put out a statement saying, I'm not involved and neither are my two top lieutenants, Haldeman and Ehrlichman. They knew nothing. But then the game changed and deemed to get out, to get out from under. He says, ah, but there was a coverup. I know there was a coverup because I was running it and my word against theirs, there's no taping system with those guys. But you should trust me, I don't see how you protect yourself from that.


No, I mean, and, and the they were hated in The Press. Well, that, and that's my last question. And it has to do with Nixon, not just during Watergate or after his 72 reelection, but really for the scope of his career, going back to his, the his case, which I may be answering my own question, but the hatred of Richard Nixon was like pathological. I mean, I don't know how many books hating Nixon came out. Nixon as a monster, Nazi evil dis guy. He was What was, what was that? Why the monomaniacal hatred of Richard Nixon? Well, I, I let's hurry to today just for a second. Yes. An assassination attempt.


Yes. Worried there may be more. I don't think people thought somebody was gonna take a shot at him. They hated him. They blamed him. They dismissed him as a criminal, but he couldn't go out in public because, because he was so, so disliked. But I think they felt Richard Nixon, the man was the cause of all their problems with the dominance of the Democrat party. Let me show you what I mean. Here's a, a, a, a chart, Just to restate what you said. They believe that Nixon was the personally cause of their problems as the Democrat. Well, they, they were, they were fading in dominance.


Okay. Okay. So this chart shows the presidency and the control of the house. And the Senate read his Republican blue is Democrat from 1932. Right? So that's going back to the first years of the Depression and what it shows, right? And Roosevelt, of course. And They, they, they had three-fourths of the House and Senate Roosevelt's reelected four times. And, and just when Truman became president, they won, the Republicans won for one session. And when Eisenhower was elected, they won for one session. Those are the red blocks at the bottom. But then it reverted to total Democrat control.


And the Goldwater debacle in 1964 gave the Democrats two-thirds majority in both the House and the Senate. They ruled. And who interrupts that? Well, Richard Nixon, forget Eisenhower, he was a war hero. He could have run as a Democrat who did his dirty work. Richard Nixon, you could believe, I think wrongly. But you could believe if you were a Democrat, that if you could get rid of Nixon, the man, he would all go back to Democrat dominance, which is what it should be. You know? That's what they would believe. So he was in the way, is what you're saying?


He was certainly in the way. Now what they did, my first book about the Kennedy people, they set out to have three goals. They wanted to ruin Nixon and his people, okay? They wanted to stop the Republican money machine. In those days, Republicans had all the money. Democrats had all the unions. There was a campaign committee set up in 1970, mid-year elections designed to elect more conservatives, whether they were Democrats or Republicans. And they raised a fair amount of money. The Democrats investigated that a part of what they're gonna do, and they sent FBI agents, or IRS agents out to interview 150 Republican donors to this 1970 group called the Townhouse Project, because it turned out it didn't have a registered campaign treasurer.


Okay? Nothing to do with Watergate at the time. There was a federal law on campaigns called the Corrupt Practices Act of 1925. It wasn't enforced anymore. The last prosecution was brought in 1934. The Department of Justice testified in 1972 that they had a policy of non-enforcement, but the special prosecutors re-erected it, sent their minions out, scare the living bejesus out of donors. Now, if the IRS came to see you as a prominent donor next time around, you wouldn't play.


So they crippled the Republican money machine, and then they launched investigations, internal investigations of every single potential Republican candidate for president in 1976 who would run against, they assumed Ted Kennedy. So they had Jerry Ford's full field investigations. They didn't do them, but Ford had to be confirmed by both the House and the Senate. It was the most thorough FBI investigation. They had the investigation, his vice president was Nelson Rockefeller. They had an investigation of Nelson Rockefeller. What did that find?


What, well, the allegation was, the allegation was he had given money in support of McGovern to throw the case on the Democrat side. And, and they, I mean, you talk about they, there's records investigating this Ford tossed Rockefeller and named Bob Dole as his running mate. There's an investigation of Bob Dole and, and Bob Dole had campaign irregularities. And finally, well, it was John Conley. They indicted John Connolly for campaign abuse. Well, bankrupted him in the end. Well, they did. And then, and then there's Ronald Reagan, governor of California 3000 miles away.


And there's no file on Ronald Reagan. But there's a memo that I published, I put in my first book and, and the prosecutor says, I just wanna follow up on our hallway conversation and bring you up to date on where we are on the investigation of Ronald Reagan. Now, I looked into it. Remember Ross Perot very well. He had, what was it? His, his computer company. E-E-T-S-E Something. EDS, electronic Data Systems. Right. He wanted contracts from Medicare. He got 'em to process the stuff. Yeah. And he asked Congress for help in getting those appointments to make his pitch.


He didn't get them first time around, but he also wanted Californias 'cause it was huge. And the theory was he might have exercised undue influence in trying to get the California contract. We're just gonna look into it just, just because he might be our opponent. I mean, you know, you sit there and it curls your hair. So let me ask one last question. I said I would only ask one more, but here's my last question. So you show up in 1969 as a White House fellow at the Nixon White House. Yes. It's less than six years after the murder of John F. Kennedy. Yes.


And you know, you're in the building that Kennedy worked in. Did anyone talk about that? In 1969 through 75, when you left, did anybody say, you know, I think this Warren Commission thing's a little weird. No, that never came up in, in my presence, ever. What we did talk about was Nixon's absolute paranoia that Ted Kennedy would emerge as his opponent in 1972, and they would steal his reelection just like they stole 1960. But I can't remember a single conversation about the Warren Commission. How Interesting. Even when Jerry, I know you, you say, you know, Jerry Ford got named.


He was on the Warren Commission. He was, and, and of course, the Arlen Specter single bullet theory is simply bizarre. It is bizarre. Simply bizarre. As a rifle shooter, I'll say that's just false. But, well, yes. On his cot in the hospital, but no discussion. But remember, I am, I'm very junior. I'm part of a governance group. of course. No, no campaigning. I'm, I'm hatched. I never participated in any campaign and it's absolute fluke that I got hired to do governance Issues. Well, and that's why you're still here, unbowed. You know, that's Why I have a clearance letter from this.


But can I ask you, so you say, now I keep, I'm ing my fledge not to ask you more questions, but okay. This is the last one. So you said Nixon was worried that Kennedy would run against him in 72 and said I'm McGovern, and that they would steal the election as they had in 1960. Yes. Two-parter is, did Nixon sincerely believe that the 60 election was stolen from him and did, and was it Well, he believed there were grounds for investigation, and he was urged even by President Eisenhower to challenge the outcome. Remember, it's Illinois and the late ballots from Mayor Daley and all the dead who voted in Chicago Sure.


And West Virginia and Yeah. Well, that's where they bought the primary. Yeah. With, with Kennedy money and West Virginia and Texas, where interestingly, Leon Jaworski leads the, the defense and claims in Texas. There's no law, there's no standing to come into Texas and claim the the election was stolen. That's a, that's a fascinating comment. And, and, and wait, Leon Gorsky the special prosecutor Before, before this is in 1960. Right? But, but ultimately the the one who brought down Nixon Yes. Wa was 14 years before leading the defense Yes.


Of Jack Kennedy's theft of the 1960 election in Texas. But, you know, there's these currents and Eddies, Leon Jaworski was captured by his staff. He went in and wanted to conduct a fair criminal investigation. That's what he was hired to do. And he actually writes a memo to his deputy and says, this place has got one theme that Nixon must be reached at all costs. Those were his words at all costs. I can't even work with a staff. You guys are having meetings before you meet with me. So I only get one point of view. I'm not gonna meet with you anymore. And then he, and, and, and then he gets rolled by his staff.


So we're asking for two things. Last, last answer. Okay. We have a documentary, the documentary details, everything that, that has been done, it's not thorough, but boy, it touches on the big stuff. Got three books. Three books contain all the documents we're talking about and many more. So what, what do we want from this interview? From knowledge that cheating occurred? We want two things. One, we want the Department of Justice to go in and disclose what the grand jury was told to convince them to name Nixon. A co-conspirator.


We've been demanding that since they did it for 50 years. We've said, tell us what you told the grand jurors. 'cause we don't think you had anything on Dick Nixon. Maybe they won't do it. Okay. But You can't compel that. You can't compel 'em to Answer no grand juries love to help you son. But grand jury information stays secret forever. Okay. That's the law. But I thought, I'm not a lawyer. When I brought my suit, if I may, when I brought my suit to disclose the roadmap, and I prevailed, the judge at the same time said she was gonna rule against my motion to disclose the grand jury testimony.


So the Department of Justice called me and said, we've been asked to prepare the order finding against you on that part of your petition. And I said, but I'm not looking for a witness. This is what the department said. So That was, that was, that was my question slash point. I mean, it's one thing to protect Yes. What the grand jurors say, they're citizens who've been brought in to affect justice. Yes. One hopes, yes. But there's no justification for keeping what government prosecutors say about an American citizen. Why should that ever be secret? Right. Right, right. The judge, chief judge told the department, she's gonna rule against me. So I said, well, I made the case, begged them.


I said, okay, what if I withdraw it so it, there's not a decision against me. There's just no decision. And they eagerly accepted that. So today, as we sit here, we don't know what they told the grand jurors in accusing Richard Nixon of an indictable offense. Pretty Much everyone's dead. I'm sure. So Like, well, yeah, but we still wanna know. Second thing, there is a post Watergate reform at the Department of Justice, a unit set up, whose only responsibility is to investigate allegations of wrongdoing by Justice Department lawyers. It's called the Office of Professional Responsibility was founded the year after Watergate.


Okay. Not, didn't exist during Watergate. I learned about it about a year and a half ago. I immediately filed asking for a review of the prosecutors, look what they did. And I followed it up with 11 letters. Let me come down and explain, this is complex. I got all the paperwork, please let me come make the case. One year passes, I get a letter. Thank you for your interest in the enforcement of the laws. We, it's been a long time. These lawyers aren't here anymore. We're busy doing other things. And we take no responsibility for the special prosecutors because subsequent to the Special prosecution force, they enacted the independent counsel law.


And we deem them to have operated under that. The Department of Justice is simply not involved. And I sent, it's posted on my website and I sent back a letter and I said, here's your stationary for your letters and your internal memos saying Department of Justice. of course, don't tell me you don't take. So what we hope to interest and anger the American public, look at what we've uncovered. Watch the documentary, read the books, go on my website and look at all the documents. We hope there's a new administration at the Department of Justice who's willing to look into this.


'cause if they look into it, you know, it's open and shut. Well just disclose it. Just disclose it. You, you're good at looking into it, obviously. Absolutely true. Jeff Shepherd, I sh I really appreciate your taking all this time and explaining that This has been fun. I appreciate the opportunity, Tucker. Thank you. It's been amazing. Thank you for having me on. Thank you. Thanks for listening. The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made. The complete library, Tucker Carlson dot com.