
You believe the United States can remain dominant in space over the next 50 years? We are dominant in space. Our technology is way ahead of us, but we are modest deliberately. So we understate our capabilities. Feels like though there's gotta be some hard pivot or something, you know, there's some disaster that resets people's expectations. It's Called Donald Trump. You think that's what It is? What I'm saying is he's directing ball that Lincoln was the wrecking ball that Roosevelt was and Jackson was. He shifts the country. We have these incredible problems. I wrote a book called The Storm Before The Calm. We're in that storm and after the storm we enter a very different place.


George, Thank you for doing this. So you have made a career of predicting the future and I think that you've done a better job than anyone I've met in predicting sort of the big picture movements of nations. Clearly we're in, and I hope we can talk about this in a transition away from the post-war order, but I just wanna start at the end. Where do you think the United States will be in 50 years? Well, I think the United States is withdrawing, not to isolationism, but the fortress America. It's interesting that the Mexican president called for a fortress North America. Yes. And it was a very wise move.


We were engaged, forced to be engaged in the wars. 'cause the United States cannot be invaded Canada, Canda, no matter if they'd like to. Now Mexico, Canda, it's a command of the sea. That's our defense. When the Germans started U-boats in the first World War, sinking Lusitania. Yes, that's when we invaded, intervened. When the British Navy looked like it was gonna fall in the hands of the Germans by invasion. That's when we got agitated. When the Japanese attack Pearl Harbor, that's where we're agitated. So we're a unique country, enormously wealthy and immune from attack except from the sea.


So our basic strategy has to be commanded the scene. Now, when the Russians ended World War ii, we were terrified that they would conquer Europe. Not because we love the Europeans, but because what if they had control of the Atlantic ports in France? What would the Russian Navy do? So we built a forward strategy. Instead of waiting for that to happen, we built nato. And NATO existed primarily to block the European, the Russian entry into the Atlantic. We had to rebuild Europe in order to make it viable And they lost their empire. And that became the third world officially.


Yes. And we fought constantly with the Russians hand to hand combat, sort of covert operations trying to block them. And that's for the last 80 years what we did. Well, Russia proved in Ukraine that it is not gonna be able to occupy Ukraine. It can't occupy Europe. And the Europeans have had a free ride. And I think that's pretty true. And our commitment is to defense of the United States. Major danger to the United States is of course nuclear war. And that battle is fought in space. Satellites, sensing launches, being able to do mad, mutual assured destruction and so on.


Next 50 years will be about a much less integrated US with the world. Not isolated, not certainly trading intensely with countries. But we have spent the past 85 years in constant warfare. Small, large, covert, overt, participated in some of that. And it was exhausting. So the country really doesn't have to do that. So what I see happening is two things. One, the United States taking on a role it has for most of its history as a country that is self-sustaining, highly trading involved in the world.


Certainly on alert with the great military. But the battle next's battles would be fought in fifth space. This sounds strange, but it would've been a strange world. Wanted to say the next war in Europe would be fought in the air and that nuclear weapons would arise. We were protected from nuclear war by mutual assure destruction. It was the one war in which the leaders themselves were be killed on the first round we would hit And they would hit. And so there was no war because we had 30 minutes warning because we had radars. And after the U2 was shot down and we were kind of spying on the Russians, they were spying on other ways.


We launched satellites. Remember the first American satellite and the first American Russian satellite were launched a month for each other. First American man in space. And first Russian man in space launched weeks apart. So I always wondered, and I don't know that there was a kind of collaboration between the Russian and Americans to maintain mad, mutual assured destruction. It was a really cle neat name for it. Now mad is, is short in space, satellites are flying there. Satellites won, block the Russians in Ukraine. American satellites could see small units down a meter level resolution.


And we put in things like high Mars, these missile systems that could with precision hit them. So now tactical war is governed from space, mad covered in space. And space is full of debris, anti-satellite systems. The Chinese are launching them constantly. We've launched 200 satellites this year. So communication satellites, military satellites. Oh yes, absolutely. Well, they're all communication satellites. They're all looking for, you know, climb on the earth. That's what they wanna look at. Kids are all s spies satellites going up there and they're looking to the earth and they're maneuvering around each other.


And one of the things the American public has to understand is the importance of space as a strategic facility. Huh? And due course it'll emerge. But the next 50 years, the Americans are going to be, I think a very golden age. New technologies are coming. Every age we have, every cycle we have is built. The last one was built on the automobile, transforming it. Now it is built, not so much on artificial intelligence in my mind, but on material science. We are crafting new materials at molecular level for space. Physical materials, physical materials, for example, lens. And satellites can see things that glass can't show them.


They have acuity that can see a platoon operating. And when you reach that point, there's also massive changes in medicine. We're able to re-engineer genes, In fact. So it's in the first stages, but not in the primitive stage. So just as the automobile changed our life in the railroad changed our life previously in canals before that. Material science, I think is the radical innovation based on artificial intelligence having a major component to it. And all that material science is developed for space, for survival of machines in space.


Particularly in telescopes. They were able to, there's a company called Pytheon that's put solar systems on satellites so they can survive and energize the satellites to maneuver. And it's a really extraordinary thing. And while we focus on Ukraine properly, we failed to understand that the reason the United States did not intervene with troops is we had a better solution. We spotted the Russians moving, we could order the Ukrainian forces to be right in their way. Even those, they were a smaller force. We knew where they were coming.


And more importantly, we finally put in something called high Mars, which was they could launch six rockets at a time. Much better than artillery because explosive forces for grade. And when there was Russian cons, concentration, now this is an American was always in one of them, just one American, it was Ukraine operated. But he had to put a card in to let the machine run. So then they pulled the trigger. So the Americans were more deeply evolved than was known, but not militarily. We were not taking casualties.


And it was about time that we dealt with a problem without taking casualties. So you believe the United States can remain dominant in space over the next 50 years? We are dominant in space when we go back to the Cold War. There was a time that we was talking about missile gap. Yes. You might recall that there was no missile gap. The U twos went over the plane place And they spotted all of it. And we were way ahead of them. Our technology is way ahead of us, but we are modest deliberately. So it's not that we, the scientists don't brag about us, but we understate our capabilities and we overstate the Chinese.


That's always a good way to get budgets. You know, we, we are much better at this. And we've been, been at a long time, far longer than, and the Russians are third, the Russians are not second, Chinese are second. But command of space is now what the command of oceans was. Interesting. And And you think the Pentagon deliberately overstates Chinese capabilities in order to justify its budgets? China Pentagon would never do that. No, but it's a, it is, there's a sense of passivity in the United States on military things. There's a sense, okay, let's not waste money on defense.


And there's a whole psychology developed in World War II of how to get money out. But I think The president and everyone else knows who is involved in this. That space is the battleground now. And the amount of money Elon Musk has put into his ex force and he's boosting a lot of the satellites is enormous. But everybody's in on the game. Elon Musk seems like a, a big player though in the He, he certainly is. I mean he very, he's a very smart guy. Maybe not likable, but he's a very smart guy.


He went into electric cars and then he went into, along with people like that, Maya, you know the Amazon King? Yeah, I forget his name. Bezos. He went into rockets and of course it was just a hobby. But it emerged into a major business and it's, they're both major foundations of the Americans launch program. It was, right now you have to launch a lot of satellites 'cause you know you're gonna lose a lot of them. And if you lose a lot of them, you lose a tactical advantage on the ground and strategic capability in nuclear war.


So we are emerging into a new age, which normally has a new technology. And this new technology is partly satellites, but that's really 1950 stuff emerged. But the way these satellites are made is not made from the normal metals and plastics that we had in the past. Particularly their sensors are built with material science and solar energy and extraordinary things that will be integrated into earth. As World War II technology became very present in the American economy in the fifties. That's what's gonna happen. And I see this is one of those times where what normally happens in the United States every 50 years, we have historical crisis, we rage at each other.


This is the end of era. It's when an era exhausts itself. Yes. And the era that began with Ronald Reagan has the social and economic era. Yes. Is it his end? It's played it out. The economic and social thing. The social crisis is terrible. And it's crisis of what I call hyper egalitarianism. Where saying that black slaves who really still Weren untreated decently in the United States was a moral imperative. But genetic engineering of genitalia do not constitute a new class.


Yes. So we've invented classes and demanded egalitarian. He did something else. We stopped asking for equal opportunity and turned to equal outcomes. Yes. And this became untenable. So we had a social crisis at the same time. We had an institutional crisis. The federal government was really invented in its current form by Theodore Roosevelt to deal with the recession. But it was forged in World War ii in World War ii. It was a federal government, this massive entity built around the Pentagon and everything else that it won the war. It was very efficient. It was necessary at the time.


It evolved into something else. It evolved into a fundamentally inefficient entity. Its greatest weakness was experts. I've, I've said this in writing, the experts knew a great deal. Fauci was not a criminal, he was not a Chinese intelligence agent or anything like that. He was a doctor. And you looked at a doctor and said, okay, now what do we do? And he said, well, everybody should stay at home And they going to go out and children should not go to school. Well we have children and if a four or 5-year-old doesn't get to play with other children, he becomes a homicidal maniac. So yes, you can't do that.


But we depended on him with his narrow expertise. What we had lost in the federal government was the class of people with common sense. When I was a kid in the Bronx, there were party bosses. Charlie Buckley ran the Bronx. One day, my father, who had finally bought a car, had accident and the insurance company wouldn't pay. So somebody said, go see Charlie Buckley. He went to Charlie Buckley. Charlie Buckley made a phone call. He did. Emil carrier, you know, messenger's on the way to the house with the check. But You remember, you vote for me, your right votes for me.


Your children won't vote for me. And there was a way to petition the government. Remember the Constitution guarantees us the right to petition the government. The party bosses, as corrupt as they were, And there is certainly corrupt, were our channel to the government. There are channel to corporations. Smart. Yes. But they were taken out And they were replaced by technocrats. Wait, can I just ask you to pose, so Charlie Buckley, the the word boss in the, in the Bronx. Yeah. Actually got the insurance company to pay the claim to your dad. The insurance company was gonna message Charlie Buckley. That's Amazing. But it was a place where you could petition the government with the rise of Cracy.


There was no way to petition the government. Yes. So I didn't get Medicare, the Medicaid that I'm supposed to get whatever it is. Yeah. Because I had a good insurance policy. I didn't wanna go to government insurance policy. Yes, they fined me when I finally went to get Medicaid, because I had not gotten it. But I had known that it wasn't necessary. No one ever said it to me. And there was nothing to petition. So I had to get in. So we have a federal government where you cannot petition the government. And that I think is the most important thing. The second thing is that the experts do not have a layer of common sense above them, wise men.


And the same is true of the Supreme Court. They're all lawyers. When the question integration came up, the head of the Supreme Court was Warren, was Warren Berger. Warren Berger. And Warren Berger knew that he had to have an absolute unit unanimity on desegregation. And since he'd been a politician, not a lawyer, he bought the Southerners round And he built it in And they got a nine zero vote. Every one of them on the Supreme Court now is a lawyer. Well, the law is more subtle than the law appears. Yes. And there has to be subtlety. And so what happened was that the federal government fell in love with experts after World War ii experts won World War ii, the people who build the atomic bomb, who built the bombers, the hands of boat, the landing craft and everything.


These were experts. And the federal government fell in love with expertise, which is a very important thing to have. Yes. But there was no Eisenhower above them who may not have known how to engineer anything, but had enough common sense to know how to use them. And that layer was lost when the politicians sank below the level of the bureaucrats. Or more precisely, they created agencies that didn't answer to anyone and made their own laws. And the problem was that they were corrupt or evil or anything like that. It just, they did their job and the other did their job And they contradicted each other.


And there was no common sense hovering above them saying, you can't tell everybody to stay at home forever. Yes, you know, we're gonna have the disease, it's gonna have to happen. But you can't do this. But Fauci is a doctor. Well this is what doctor says, stay home. He doesn't tell you what to do about your job, that you're gonna lose all your money. It's Not his concern. That's not his concern. That's the problem. The problem is expertise to technocracy. And what's happening right now is what would happen with any president. But I mean, we certainly have a president who is doing that job radically disrupting the presidency.


It's like the first a hundred days of the Roosevelt administration, when he shut down all the banks, the bank holiday, the banking system was collapsing. He wound up trying to stuff to more people on the Supreme Court. So the same problems. So at the times we transition, at times when great presidents like Jackson or such come up, we have these incredible problems. I wrote a book called The Storm Before The Calm. We're in that storm. And after the storm, like in the fifties, we enter a very different place and a much more pleasant place and a much more profitable place.


For right now we're in it.


If You care about privacy, then listen to this shady data. Brokers are watching you. They're monitoring everything you do online all the time. Not to freak you out, but it's true. Then they're selling what they learn about you around the world. This is how your contact information winds up in, in the hands of scammers and invasive advertisers. They are highly annoying, but there's also something very threatening about it. So we're happy to be partnered with a company working to end this attack on your privacy and your freedom and restore your autonomy. It's called Express. VPN Express. VPN is an app that reroutes all of your online traffic through secure encrypted servers. And that means no one can tap into your private information data. Brokers can't use it to track and sell what you're doing online. It's really creepy. There's a reason that tech experts rank Express VPN as the number one VPN on the market with your encrypted servers. You can trust that all of your sense of information is safe and secure. Even when you're on public wifi at a hotel, for example, an airport on a plane, a coffee shop, use Express VPN and know that you are private. What you're doing cannot be seen by data brokers. You get an extra four months for free when you use this show's link. Just go to the QR code, scan it or go to ExpressVPN dot com slash tucker. And once again, get four extra months of ExpressVPN. That's ExpressVPN dot com slash tucker.


Did you know You can invest in crypto through your retirement account? That's right. I chose Capital allows Americans to invest in over 60 of the most popular cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin in a tax advantaged IRA. Take control of your future. Get started@itrustscapital.com slash tucker and use the promo code Tucker to get a $100 funding bonus. That's I trust capital.com/tucker Paid dad for informational purposes only. Taxes may apply. Crypto is speculative and carries risk of loss. I trust capital does not provide legal investment or tax advice.


They speak of darkness and danger. But totalitarian novels also give us hope, showing us how to defend our society from the horrors of tyranny. In Hillsdale Colleges free online course, totalitarian novels, Hillsdale President Larry Arn teaches us lessons from classic novels like George Orwell's 1984 that are as relevant today as ever. Sign up now for Hillsdale College's free online course, totalitarian novels@tuckerforhillsdale.com. That's tucker for hillsdale.com.


So typically you were released in, in my mind the the Storm in Tales war. That there's not really a reset. I mean the Austro-Hungarian Empire, the Ottoman Empire, the British Empire, all kind of reset and ended, you know, in 1918 at the end of the First World War. Then the Second World War resets again. And I mean, do you think it's necessary to go through some sort of global conflict in order to reshuffle empires? Well, we went through a global conflict. It was called the Cold War. And there were a lot of casualties on all sides. Yes. We didn't, it wasn't a war like World War II or World War I, but it was an intense war. There was Vietnam, there was Korea.


Yes, there was Iraq. All of these Afghanistan started with the Russian invasion. Yes. So the Cold War raged around the world. I think now the Cold War is over. It's over because Russia has proven it cannot take Ukraine and therefore it cannot take Europe. And so therefore there's no reason to wage war. It's very hard to make a piece when you haven't crushed the other guy. Right. But it, it happens. So what the United States is doing now as a result of this is decoupling from the world. Our exposure in the world in the last few years was countered to all of our traditions, but also not very profitable or happy.


Yes. So there was a time when we really cared what happened in the Congo back in the sixties. They supported Patrice Lumumba, we supported Maurice Chabe. Who cares what happens to the Congo. I'm, I don't wanna say anything terrible at the Congo, but it's not our problem. Right. And everything was our problem. And our entire financial system was based on the two things. One balance, imbalanced trade to make the Europeans healthy. That was critical. But then we used these trade relations to build alliances in the third world.


And one of them was China. And we did very well in China. We made China more dependent on US than on Russia. And we split that relationship fairly deeply. Chinese did not support the Russians in the Iranian war. It was a great strategy, but it leaves us in an antenna position. If the Cold War is over, we no longer have to play this role. Now the storm is the old elite and people supporting them are enraged at breaking norms of guardrails. Well this country has built breaking Ry guardrails rules. It was called the Revolution.


Yes. That's how we believed it. And every 50 years, socially, economically, every 80 years institutionally, we break the guardrail, we reinvent ourselves. We're a country of invention. We're a country of reinvention. And when that happens, there's a terrible fight between the Han regime, the old regime if you will, and the emerging regime. And Roosevelt was considered dic dictator was charged with being a dictator. Roosevelt was said by Walter Lipman, very renowned person, the least least capable president in our history.


Okay. And so Jackson was, and all all of these were so, he may well have been incompetent. It may have been his staff who supported it doesn't matter. But the United States is a great country. 'cause unlike European countries, it reinvents itself. The war comes. The war goes. And we change with it. The Europeans fundamentally stay the same. So does China. How is the US changing now? Well, firstly let's what's ending?


The first problem that I said in the book, and this was published in 2020, I think was the universities. The universities, the engine of our social structure. It's where the people come from. And the universities had become ideological places as they usually do. But the ideology was od it. Yes. And the universities had become massive inefficient entities. So it's not simply the government that has to undergo a dramatic change. Harvard who had been the place where the wealthy went, became a place for immigrants to go after World War ii.


Harvard has to change. Now the engineering part of this is difficult. And whether The president is engineering it well or badly or not, it's being re-engineered. And the opposition comes from those who see no need for change. Yes. Who see no need not to go into Ukraine. Right. Who, but Biden saw no need to go into Ukraine. So it's not, we can't base this just on personalities. Right. It was Biden who established a strategy of not going into Ukraine, but suddenly every miserable weapon we had, he used satellites first. So I tend to de personalize history.


Every president is egomaniac. He has to be to believe. You can be The president of the United States. Yes. You have to have an ego difference between Trump and everybody else's. He doesn't hide it. Yes, he celebrates it. But I grew up around four miles from him. We were living queens, we'd left the Bronx And he lived in Jamaica Heights, which is a very nice place to live. And I lived in Springfield Gardens four miles away. Not nearly as nice place. But that's how we behaved. We strutted around, we threatened people. We didn't mean it. We had a fist fight. We became friends.


It was for me, his personality is not alien for my wife who comes from upper class Australian life. It's horrible how that he behaves this way. Right. For me, the wasps don't like Trump at all. Hey, I remember Dominic, my buddy Dominic in Springfield Gardens. Yeah. He was the twin to Trump. Was he successful? Oh yeah. He's an accountant now. So. So you are, I think you're saying that someone like Trump was inevitable in this moment. He didn't have to have this personality. Yeah.


Eisenhower, who was a very wealthy man, and I don't think he saw anybody who was poor, who wasn't his servant, cast himself as the champion of poor convincingly. Presidents are actors, presidents shaped themselves to the moment. Abraham Lincoln was a cheap lawyer in Illinois. He came from Kentucky. He was practically a southerner. He crafted himself to be what he had to be. The presidency is partly what you see inside yourself and then what you become. That's all of us. If all of us live the life we think inside publicly, it'd be a terrible place in the world.


But presidents craft themselves to the moment. And if you are smart enough to craft yourself and it takes huge discipline to do that. You can govern, but then you're used to governing based on reality. So a presidential candidate is nothing but a realist if he's gonna win. And as a realist, you as president try to hide the reality a bit and appear to be a very nice guy. And having only The best wishes in heart for everybody. Well, we'll try this one.


Do you think that there needs to be a war or will be a war between the United States and China to prove dominance? China can't go to war with us. For China to go to war with us. It has to be a war in the Pacific. We've built a string of bases around China from the Lucian Islands all the way to Australia with the Australian Air Force on the southern flank. And there are only narrow passages through these islands. The, the greatest thing we did was convince the Filipinos not to go with China, but go with the United States. We now have four bases in the Philippines and these block all the exit roots.


So for example, to invade Taiwan, it'd be a very interesting thing for them. It takes about 10, 15 hours for a landing craft to reach Taiwan from China. And that time our satellites will pick up the landing craft. And if we're in mood, Guam will send a missile out to take it. There's a reason why the Taiwan, Chinese, Taiwanese always threatened to invade Taiwan and never do. They can't. So the reality is space now withstanding, that's another sort of war that the Chinese navy, You can build as many ships as you want, but you're going through a narrow strait and we can take it out.


They're not going to go to war with us. And they, they may fight on the border with the Indians, which they have have lost. So China has bluffed an inside rai beautifully. So you, you Know, it's interesting because I think that the growing consensus is in the United States, that China is too powerful to contain That It just inexorably gonna be the leader of the world and there's something we can do about it. Yeah. Well we thought about the Russians, the Germans, the Japanese, everybody. One of our great powers is overestimating our enemy. If we overestimate our enemy, it's enormous what we can do.


So the Chinese can't lead. But there's one gray threat that's buried beneath the talk about the financing and everything. Remember the Arab oil embargo Of 1973? Yeah. Wrecked the American economy. Yep. The dependency on raw materials is one thing. Dependency on manufactured goods to be the basic implements of our industry is a very dangerous place to be if you don't have control over that supply chain. If you are so dependent, not just on China, but any country or the world in general for your economy to function.


And for me, because I don't have any money, financial crisis doesn't bother me. To me, the essential weakness we had with the Chinese as we created China, Chinese exports to the United States, American investment in China, American businesses moving to China created this. And these businesses are of course under control to Chinese as they should be. My fear is that if China decided to really hurt us, they'd stop shipping those goods. So reshoring is not just a question of jobs that's there too.


But I think that's the cover. Reshoring is a question of national security. We are so dependent for so much of their equipment, our aircraft and everything else from China and nowhere else really. So we are now moving rapidly into India and we will have later a problem with India. But one of the reasons to have a domestic based economy is you're secure nationally. Right. You're not depending. And during the last period, remember that having a disfavor balance of payments was a strategic issue. It was a national security issue.


You wanted to make your IES stronger than the Soviet ies. And we played the same name in China. We made the Chinese dependent on the United States excessively. So, so that we're dependent on China. So it's interesting, not surprising The president has raised tariffs on everybody. Even the Canadians hate us and pulled back dramatically. Really not in the Chinese, But the Chinese haven't moved. Chinese have nowhere to move. Where the corporations move, the corporations are reshoring. But more important, moving to India, what they really have done, simply because their business is to make money.


It's cheaper to build it in China, it's cheaper to build it in India. Americans don't want to spend that much money on cell phones and everything. But the problem is that, and this was a huge mistake. We did not diversify our industry overseas. We wanted less expensive goods to be made available to drive our economy. But we had a double focus on China. One was to split it from Russia and two was to get a lot cheaper products. And we concentrated excessively on bringing China into a dependency in the United States. Failed to see that we were dependent on them.


So my fear about this, and the part that's never talked about is what if the Chinese or all these countries, Vietnam, that we, what if they have kutas? What if they have earthquakes, floods, what if they can't supply us with the goods we need? We are heavily dependent on a handful of countries for major resources. And it may be more expensive to build them in the United States, but national security requires that our supply chain be under our control. So I wonder if, I mean, what you're saying is so obviously true and I think the smart people are concerned about that. And I wonder if where we find ourselves isn't also a product of our economic assumptions that, you know, capital should be free to move and that you know, you shouldn't do anything inefficiently.


And it's not, you know, it's not as efficient to make pharmaceuticals in New Jersey as it is to make them in China. So they're now made in China, but we have to have them here. Maybe our economic system changes with the realization that it hasn't actually served us very well. Well we have an example. Our industrial plant grew tremendously. In the 1890s we became the major producer of industrial products in the world. We were China. Yep. And we sold them to the Europeans and that caused a huge boom through the 1910s and 1920s. And then World War I happened and the Europeans wreck themselves as they do periodically And they couldn't buy anymore.


And that was the first trigger of the depression. If you become too dependent on exports, yes you're highly vulnerable to not being able to sell them. If you've become too dependent on imports, you're own economy can't function. So there has to be prudence, exercised. It's not a question that we go to simply being our own country and nothing else. Or we go to free trade that's unraveled. And it has to be a kind of prudent step where we balance the economic issue. But what rere is imp prudent was the Cold War.


We were so concerned with Congo not becoming communist, that we would have very favorable terms and aid and everything else to these countries. And it made sense given the Cold War and our fears about what would happen. But when the Cold War, it didn't end with the fall of communism. Cold War ended with the failure, demonstrated failure of the uk. Russians take Ukraine, they should have done it a week if they were what we were afraid of, that's when it ended. But nobody rethought because you know, 10 years is not that much of a timeframe.


Three years, whatever. And we are now facing the fact of how exposed we become and how rational is the system. Now it wasn't rational 10 years ago, it was pretty intensely this way. But given that a nation is not just an economy, it's security, the national security consideration outweighed for the moment, the economic consideration, the financial consideration at this point, it has to be re-engineered. So I look at history in two ways. One, there is the path that it's going to take that has to take Yes. Didn't this how you engineer it, that's what presidents do.


They're engineers. Now is this a good way to engineer it or not? Well he's following the Roosevelt model first a hundred days almost over before any opposition of forum against you. Go wild. Then when the opposition of forums, and I saw a poll today saying that 80% of the Republicans oppose him on courts and stuff like that. And you know, he's, the opposition is formed and then you moderate and you shift and you do politics domestically. We haven't seen him do that yet. Now the question will become an engineering one. One does he see another way?


And two, frankly a personality one, does he back off. But what Roosevelt did, And he was a very slick guy, is he pushed to the limit challenging every court there is. Every court was ruling against anything he tried to do. Okay, you can't do that. And so he train wrecked for a hundred days. Now I think we have seven more days left for the a hundred days and we're about at the same stage. But Americans have no sense of history. They don't ever say, oh we've seen this before. Right. 'cause we didn't, we weren't alive then. Yes. And we don't remember. And we don't remember the Civil War.


And we don't mention Jackson telling the Supreme Court, well if you want the Indians to stay where they are, you go keep 'em there where they're, I'm not. So we don't remember that we've done this before. So it took a bar in Carlisle, Pennsylvania for me to realize this is a bar in Carlisle, Pennsylvania. I was teaching at a college in Carlisle, Pennsylvania and also the US Army War College at the same time. And I went out drinking with some colonels who drank well. And you know, they were moaning and complaining and all sorts of things about what America ISN become.


This was back in the seventies. It was, you know what economies become, the troops under us are not reliable. And what's, it was terrible. And I was sitting there wondering, 'cause I was having a fine time in my life. I didn't see it was any terrible, had this ever happened before in America. And that there'd be such a disjuncture between the prosperity we actually had in spite of everything and the misery that these men dedicated to their country felt. And I had AdChoices between picking up the waitress or going by study and thinking about this. The waitress turned me down as they always do.


And I went to study. So I started looking back in history. This was back in the seventies really. And I started noticing patterns that I couldn't explain patterns of deep crisis in the government. And then I noticed for some reason that I can't tell you why it's about every 50 years, every 50 years we have a social economic crisis. The last one being Reagan, the one he came in on after the seventies. And every 80 years we have an institutional crisis. We founded the country 80 years later we have a civil war. It determines that the central government is in charge.


Federal government is in charge of the states. 80 years after that, we invent the federal government. That was World War ii. So it's about that time. So I was able to say, you know, years ago in 2009, I wrote a book on this cycles saying that, you know, the twenties are gonna be hell guys get ready. And then I was actually managed to pin it down down to their election at 24. Wow. Which was pure luck was a guess. It was no, no genius involved. But it was apparent to me that we could not sustain the system as it was. And there were two break points.


One was the university's diverging from society. Second, the technocracy of the government that could not collaborate in making sensible solutions. But we trapped. And finally the end of the Cold War, just like the end of World War ii. And with that, everything changes. And in a few years we'll be happy again. And we'll forget all this. You Think so? Oh yeah. If You can forget the depression where 50% of the people at one point were unemployed, you, You can forget things.


You probably have no idea where the meat that you eat comes from. Do you wanna know? You should know. The overwhelming likelihood is that it passed through a massive industrial processing plant, possibly, probably owned by a foreign corporation. It's foreign meat. If that's the case, then you have no way of knowing where the animal grew up, how it was raised, what it ate, what chemicals, big food pumped into it to increase its profits, what kind of drugs it was injected with. That's all kept secret. Meaning You can never really know what you're eating. That's disgusting. Merriweather Farms is a far better option. It's totally straightforward. Unlike the corporate competition, Merriweather Farms controls its entire operation. The pasture on which the cattle graze the facility where the meat is packaged. In America, in Wyoming, across the mountain west, the cattle are raised without hormones, without antibiotics, any other additives. Clean American beef, you'll ship it straight to your door and it's delicious. We eat it here, A lot of it. So go to merriweather farms.com/tucker and use the code Tucker 25 for 15% off your first order. You can also save on a monthly subscription if you sign up now. That's merriweather farms.com/tucker. You will love it. It's excellent. Tucker says it best.


Their credit card companies are ripping Americans off and enough is enough. This is Senator Roger Marshall of Kansas. Our legislation, the Credit Card Competition Act would help in the grip Visa and MasterCard have on us. Every time you use your credit card, they charge you a hidden fee called a swipe fee. And they been raising it without even telling you. This hurts consumers and every small business owner. In fact, American families are paying $1,100 in hidden swipe fees each year. The fees Visa and MasterCard charge Americans are the highest in the world. Double candidates and eight times more than Europe's. That's why I've taken action. But I need your help to help get this passed. I'm asking you to call your senator today and demand they pass the Credit Card Competition Act Paid for by the Merchants Payments Coalition. Not authorized by any candidate or candidates committee. www.merchantspaymentscoalition.com.


The N NBA 82 game Grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sports book has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the DraftKings sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on draftings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text Hope and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


It feels like though there's gotta be some like hard pivot or something. You know there's some disaster that resets people's expectations. It's Called Donald Trump. You know, You think that's What it is. What I'm saying is whether he planned it or just is it he's the mad of the moment. He's directing ball at Lincoln was and the breaking ball that Roosevelt was and Jackson was. And he shifts the country by emphasizing two things. One, the world culture wars are untenable.


Yes. Secondly, you can't keep inventing classes. Yes. Second equal opportunity is not equal outcome. Yes. So as Warren, the universities are, I was a university professor for a number of years and I'm happy to see them being wrecked. Yeah. I was not happy there. But the, The President is also trying to restructure the federal government because it's become vast and un noble. And that's really the problem. The problem is that during Covid crisis, Fauci ruled, nobody in the education department was listened to to say you can't do that to the schools.


No one in the Department of Commerce said we're gonna have massive unemployment if you do this. Okay. So there was no element of common sense. And so you come, anybody would come in at this point would have to say, look, we're dysfunctional. We're arguing over issues of whether or not gender can be changed and whether it's an equal class, what whatcha talking about. We're looking at the situation and the federal government that no one really knows at the top what God's name is happening near the bottom. We have to change that.


The Cold War is over. Our foreign policy has to shift. Yes. As it is. And whoever became president at this point might have better matters. But we be doing about the same thing. And Roosevelt set the stage with the a hundred days. And what is now happening is the opposition is inevitably forming. 'cause we're a democracy and Noah is a king. And now we're gonna find out more about Donald Trump and his political acumen and we'll see. But we are at a stage that was predictable and a stage that's good because any country that can read that invent itself after 50 years just by having a few years of horrible crisis is wonderful.


Look at how we adjusted ourselves after World War II to be a world power and were comfortable with it for decades and built our economy on that. When you take a look at the way we handled it after the Civil War, what other country had a civil war that came back to fairly a decents. You know? Okay, yes. You know, we had it, we re-engineered slavery through that and made the south not just an aggro area. And we re-engineered the world in World War II and re-engineered at the end economically and after 50 years as obsolete.


And you're trading your car regularly because you don't want your neighbors to think that you can't afford it. And so this is how we are. It is inherent in the American culture that a crisis looms where other countries would live through it and devolve and not be willing to change. We transform ourselves and it's really not fun to live through that time. But you don't think there's a danger of collapse, like total collapse. There's never been one. And we've been here for a long time and we've done this lots before.


So if we didn't collapse after the Civil War and we didn't collapse after depression, this is not one of the worst crises we've had. So it's just a way we changed things. Okay. I remember my family, my father used to say, I need a new car. And my mother would say, I, you don't need a new car, you need this and that and the other thing. And you're not buying a new car. And there'd be terrible fights. Who won? My mother. Yes. But it, it was, we are an, I called it an opera, a country mostly. We don't go to the opera, but every 50 years we hold an opera.


That is amazing. Do do you, are you concerned that the United States will be sucked into a global conflict in the next three or four years, either in Eastern Europe, middle East, or Asia? I think not because there is no power in the world. They can still challenge the United States. The Russians have demonstrated that their voted Red Army, no, not red is incapable of overrunning a much smaller, weaker country that after three years of fighting And they only hold a small sliver of it. And that's goes in keeping with what I used to think it was taught by a man called Andy Marshall, who's did it off net assessments.


And he said, the Russians are not nearly as good as everybody believes. So I was once in Hungary and I was born there and I was watching a Russian maneuver and the gas lines were leaking their plastic and you needed them going forward on tanks. And nobody seemed to care. Six months later I happened to wander back there to take a look. It was still leaking. You remember the line of tanks lined up in Ukraine off the mountain outta gas waiting for days. I think they were still using that same gas line.


The point is that the Russian logistics system and it's senior staff, it's commanding generals, particularly the staff level. Were not very creative, shall we say. They took their bearing from World War ii, the mass attack by infantry, backed by armor and artillery. Yes. And they didn't understand that that no longer functioned the massing of troops was very, very dangerous. And that there has to be different model of warfare. So they attacked Ukraine as if this was 1941 and they're at war.


And the Ukrainians were very agile because they had great intelligence. When The President said, we are not going to give you intelligence anymore for day that time, the intelligence he was talking about was the intelligence of the satellites of exactly where the Russian troops were down to the smallest number. So the smaller Ukrainian army could mass against them and block them. So that was a really serious threat. Yes. And he did it for a day. I don't think he really cut it off. He just said he would. But the Russians never adjusted to the fact that the war, they planned to age in Europe, which they never did, was untenable at this point.


And so Russia, unless who wants a nuclear war And they can't have, that, is not a viable power. And it's not influential in the world either. The Chinese, as I said, are blocked in by a very clever structure of violence we've built around them. It's very hard to pass through them and especially get back in. So a world war would indicate there would be other global power. And China's not global power. It just doesn't have the forces to do that. And Russia's not a global power. We're a global power and we don't wanna be one. We wanna come home and we are gonna come home.


We'll still have relationships and we'll still have forces scattered here And there. But this massive commitment we made to the entire world to defend them against communism. Well, communism died 10 years ago, and Russia kind of, I suspect us and Russia will reach a good relationship. Remember we, we rebuilt Japan, we rebuilt Germany after the war. We made them great lies. This is American system when we fight wars. And I suspect that one of the things that Trump is trying to engineer with Putin is the understanding the Russians are in bad economic shape.


Their economy grew because the war and definite deficit, deficit spending on the war machine built it. But they're cut off. The oligarchs are furious. And there's a great argument going on Russia between the nationalists, if you will, and liberals who wanna become integrated. And Putin is like Putin attacked Ukraine. His forces were unable to penetrate. So it took a mercenary army, the Wagner group to join them. Now the Army and the Wagner Group didn't like each other. So the Russian army didn't give them artillery shows. So after a while, the Wagner group came back and tried to do coup deta in Moscow.


Now tragically they crash died, all died in an airplane crash. I couldn't, my heart goes out to them. But when you take a look at the execution of the war as it actually was, it was a cluster something. Yeah. It was terribly executed and politically almost suicidal for Putin. So Putin's opposition, Putin's had a tremendous pressure to open up Russia to the West. The, it's a wonderful investment opportunity. And many hedge funds in the United States are gathering funds for investing in Russia. Land is cheap, workers are fairly well educated, work cheap, close to Europe, all sorts of things.


I think Trump's ultimate plan is, And he was accused of being pro-Russian, which I thought, I think he just had vision of what was gonna come outta this war was, look, we got along with Germany after the war, it was just fine and we got along with Japanese, it was okay. And the Russians haven't done anything to us to be as pissed as we are at Germany and Japan. So I think he looks at it as a huge investment opportunity. He sees Putin as very weak and is trying to maintain Putin with some credibility. But he's got a lot of enemies on one side.


The right wing is furious at his performance in war. The left wing has had about enough, they'd like to rejoin Europe or something nice. And he's must be under tremendous pressure for his performance in war. Well I think Trump decided that a weak Russian president is much better than the strong Russian Russian president. And he's gonna try to do everything he can today. Putin look good. In the meantime, the rest of the world will think that Putin bought him. A friend of mine said, no, Putin gave him money. That's why he's behaving this way. Okay. I, in my view, he's a good negotiator.


He comes in first, the highest price every buy a house, you come in with the lowest price You can think of the guy, the guy comes with the highest price. Eventually you buy the house. Yeah. But first there's drama. Your wife cries, these things happen. I think this is what he's, he's doing. He's a good negotiator. He's slammed the sanctions on having no intention of keeping him there. He, he would be stupid. I think he overreached anyway, but he pulled back, kept him only on China. And with the Russians, he's trying to give Putin maneuvering room for one thing.


We're not gonna go to war in Ukraine. It's not gonna happen. But it's a threat that he has. So if you open the war again, you don't know what we're gonna do. So we deploy 20,000 more troops to Europe. Being in Europe is a good thing for American troops. Amsterdam is a wonderful town to visit if, if you're young. He's making gestures to the Russians militarily, nothing serious. But at the same time, he's making it clear that, look, if you're gonna attack, it's gonna be a tough one. And Putin is not gonna attack. But Putin has to come down having won something and can appear to be capitulated in the United States, which he's gonna do.


But it can't look that way. And I think Trump is trying to engineer it in such a way that Putin survives. Now Trump will be despised for this and it's, that's inevitable. But I think he has an understanding of the situation just because he's negotiated with bankrupt people. Yes. And when you have a bankrupt person be kind, what happens to the Middle East? Well, the Middle East really depends on what happened. The decision to negotiate a summit, it was decided it was gonna be held in Riyadh.


I thought it was gonna be held in Budapest because Orban is friends with Putin and friends with Trump. So I figured they get together, have beer and work this out. But they pick Riyadh, Saudi Arabia is, as opposed to the Islamic terrorists as Israel is, they're terrified of them. And Saudi Arabia is a major power. So for example, it decided to fund last month the entire Syrian deficit. Just pay it. So money talks and other things walk in.


Yes. The Middle East. So I think the, what is thought of is, look, we've been fighting in the Middle East for, I dunno how many years my daughter was a major in Iraq. And you know, it was very bad. And I was mildly involved in Afghanistan and this was ridiculous. We're fighting over a place. Neither of us really care about Iran. The Russians are more afraid of Iran than we are. Remember the Russian opera house that blew up terrorist attack? Yes. So we have equal interest, we share intelligence on those things with Russians.


So it's not that, oh yeah. We let them know when we've seen something that might concern them, they let us know there's collaboration. But the problem the Middle East is this, there are really rich people who are really afraid of bunch of mafioso, which I'll call Hamas. Hamas is at the same time, enemy Israel. And a shakedown artist is extracting the money from many countries. The theory I think, between the Russians and the Americans is if we bring the Saudis into deal and back them suitable and make them responsible for the region, the Saudis have nothing against Israel.


They can, they couldn't care less. Okay. The Saudis are much more interested in the, the States and the Gulf United Emirates gutter. These Yes. Really wealthy places where they're interested in. And I idea that a Russia or the United States is going to pacify the Middle East is insane. There are two countries do it. One is Saudi Arabia, the other is Turkey. If Turkey and Saudi Arabia are brought together with some encouragement from the Americans of Russians, it's their problem. And the Turks have bad relationship with anyone, everyone.


And decided to have great relationship with everyone. So it's a perfect alignment. And I think what happens in the Middle East, forgetting the Israeli question for the moment, is some sort of ante. You know, much of what happened in the Middle East, much of what happened in Asia, much of what happened in Africa was American Russian competition. Yes. Latin America, Cuba, Columbia, Venezuela, all of these things were this, if that stops and it's not miraculous, Japanese and the America ISN became malas. And if the Russians and the Americans say, look, we wanna make money, we wanna have decent lives, and we really don't care about the Middle East and decide to empower, if you will, countries like Turkey and Saudi Arabia to handle it.


But we certainly don't wanna know the Middle East or war, the Iraqi war was really bad. Especially now there are cell phones. And our daughter could call us Every night and tell us what was happening. It was bad. You know, going away in World War ii and you don't see your son Exactly. Two years, that's, that's okay. But Every night a phone call, you know it. It was a terrible war. It was not a mistaken war. It was a necessary war, but we have to find new necessities. So I think a Russian American entin changes the way Africa operates. Change the way Middle East operates, changed the way a Asia operates, and you've already seen new players emerging.


India is exploding. Okay? Many of the European countries, the smaller ones like Poland are developing. Marvels The manufacturing power of Europe now. Yeah, Europe. And so new powers are emerging. And of course, in 50 years we'll be raging at each other again. And undoubtedly there'll be wars because humans have wars. They seem to like them. History goes on.


If there's One thing we've learned over the past couple of years, it's that when things go south unexpectedly And they do, you are in charge of your family's health and safety, not the authorities. You and so prepare, think it through ahead of time. You remember that during the dark days of Covid, for example, you kept hearing about a medication, a medicine called Ivermectin. Doctors have used Ivermectin for decades treating parasites, viruses, even studying it as a potential cancer treatment. But you are not allowed to use it. In fact, you're a bad person if you even use the word. But at Jace, they've thought this through and they've looked at the evidence that doctors at Jace have created a powerful anti parasite formula made with a blend that includes ivermectin. It's the fastest, most affordable option on the market. And getting it actually is simple. Getting that and other lifesaving medications is just a matter of going to jce.com. Jce is JASE. You fill out a brief online consultation and a JCE doctor quickly reviews your information. Within minutes, your medication could be on its way to you delivered right to your door. That and a lot of other lifesaving medications. So don't wait till there's a disaster. Take back control of your family's health and safety. You can get emergency antibiotics as well. Go to jce.com. Use the discount code tucker jce.com. Discount code tucker.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply.


Big tech is a bull in a China shop. Big tech is taking advantage of outdated federal regulations that just might put local TV and radio stations out of business. It's time to modernize Washington's restrictions on TV and radio station ownership. Visit nab.org/modernize the rules and tell policymakers to let local stations compete this message paid for by the National Association of Broadcasters.


Does Israel get peace with its neighbors? Does it? I mean, we're in a moment of maximum contention in the Middle East it looks Like. But I think I would put it this way. Israel by itself is an actually way to happen. It's a small country. It has a superb army, a much weaker intelligence system than it should have. And even more importantly, that one mistake by Israel, one mistake can threaten its existence. Israel Is a weaker intel Infrastructure. Then It failed to identify 1973. The buildup of Syrian tanks and Egyptian tanks in plain sight and misinterpreted them as an exercise In fact became war almost overran Israel.


Hamas is a small terrorist organization. The Israelis know all about it. I would assume that it by now. Haas had been penetrated by Israeli agents so they would know it. But The best part was these guys were building little bridges over a waterway and Israeli intelligence didn't wonder what the hell they were doing. What, what was that? It was a complete break. The Israelis published a report on it and finally, finally fired the head of intelligence and everything. It was a masses of major Israeli intelligence failure that war should never have been allowed to start. But then the Israelis also followed this very strange strategy.


They started bombing Hamas territory. It failed to end them. So they bombed them again, failed to end them. So they had been repeating the same thing without succeeding, hoping for a different outcome each time they do it. So I think Israel, I'm Jewish and I really care about it. Really needs a new strategic relationship. The Saudis are prepared to have the relationship. Now, if Turkey and Saudi Arabia want Hamas to go away, they will go away very fast. So far, Saudis have not had any motivation to do it. But you notice how gutter, which is a very important tiny country, has become the main negotiating tool.


Yes. Both for the Russians and the Americans notice that using the same tool. I, I think the Saudis have had it. The Turks have certainly had it. And they themselves are threatened by Iran. Saudi Arabia is very close to Iran. The Turks are wondering, the US has deployed a major bomber force in certain areas that are clearly intended to take out the Iranian nuclear capability. But frankly, every day we were missile, we were telling the Iranians, we were planning carpet bombing guys.


We had enough. And the Russians are pretty much mass too. So the Russians are doing a lot of negotiating, but they're doing it through the same agency. You will as the Americans are gutter meets with the Iranians. Yes. For the Russians and the Americans. So when you, you spend your life, if you don't have a life, like I don't have a life, you know, I spent my entire time looking at these little things. You notice gutter is being used by the Russians and the Americans that talk to the Iranians. Now that's a wonderful thing. What is that? Well, the Iranians don't wanna talk directly to Americans or Russians.


Okay. To the gutters. So the Americans go to gutter, they tell the gutters what to tell the Iranians And they come back. Russia had a me some message to deliver the Iran. I don't know what it was. They went to Qatar and told him to deliver it. So if you're talking about unknown collaboration, here it is. Gutter knows what the America ISN are saying And they know what the Russians are saying. Therefore, you must assume that the Russians know what the America ISN are saying and the Americans know what the Russians are saying. So the question Iran, just because they both went to gutter to be the intermediary, I'm saying they're collaborating and, And they are.


It's very difficult for Trump to be too close to the Russians because there is much anti-Russian feeling in the United States. It's very difficult for Putin to be collaborating with the Americans. 'cause there's much anti-American feeling in Russia. So each of them are trying very hard not to appear too close. Occasionally threats are exchanged proforma, but they're not of any substance really. And I think we're already working more closely with Russians on many matters. I think the Ukrainian war is over. I don't think the Russians having failed miserably in the first war.


I'm try it again. You know, hoping for a different outcome. I mean, look, they attacked them for three years and look what they have to show for it. Yeah. Tiny sl stretch of Eastern Ukraine. How you, you spent a lot, you know, many, many years at Strat four. And Strat four was often described as like a, a private intel agency. I dunno if that's fair or not. Sounds fair. What's your view of the role of American intel agencies in the world? Can Donald Trump actually run the country without reforming them? How? How powerful are they?


It's not that they're powerful, they're an internal bureaucracy. Very complex, made more complex for the fact security is necessary. So that one hand doesn't know what the other is doing. Right? And everything else. The idea that you could stage a conspiracy within the CIA against the United States, it's hilarious. These guys couldn't stage a conspiracy against each other. They it, the institu of structure is federal institution. It's developed that way. The problem is not their power. How deeply do they see? I think they feel that operates are excellent.


I think the Russian SB is outstanding. Does the intelligence get processed properly to get to the people who need to act on it? And what happens in intelligence agencies, they become social security conscious that they don't even want The president to know. Not because they're plotting conspiracy or anything like that. That's nonsense. It's simply that security becomes a religion need to know is something that's managed by the intelligence community.


Their terror is they're gonna lose agents or capabilities because some idiots are going to tell their brother-in-law. Yeah, it was said. And I think that's the problem with the agencies. It's not that they're involved in a conspiracy. I don't know how many committees they'd have to have to have a cons, a true conspiracy. The problem is that intelligence is, has to be classified, compartmentalized, limited. And the ability even of the head of the CIA to know all of everything that they know is first their mental problem.


It's a lot to know. And we ha You can say we had the intelligence but we was buried. And how has it gotten out of from with security? The problem is inherent intelligence, which is that unless you have a small organization of people you trust completely, a large organization of people on different levels of security, the flow of information is very hard. And the person who might be able to make sense of it maybe isn't clear to have it. So you have the inefficiency that you see in federal department exists in the CIA as well.


Now how do you reform ind intelligence agency is very hard because you need that security, you need that compartmentalization. You need to protect your sources. You need to protect your satellites. You can't spread it around. And so what the British always had was very small intelligent agency. Their view was with them. I were very limited in the capabilities they had. But very smart in making sure the information got to the people had to have it. And it was always odd that of the five eyes, the five intelligence share everything, which is a very important entity.


It's Britain, it's the United States, it's Canada, I guess they're still playing. It's Australia, it's New Zealand. It might be called the English speaking world. But we wouldn't call it that. Sometimes they laterally trust each other at that level more than it trust the upstairs and downstairs. So it's a very stupid thing. Well that, I mean that describes a kind of a government actually that exists independent from the governments it supposedly serves Well the problem is the Department of Education was supposed to serve education. Right? No, that's right. I dunno who it serves.


Health and human services are, the problem is not a CIA problem. The problem is that the federal government grew vast during World War II to manage it and needed to grew vast still by trying to micromanage America. And they have very good people in the government. It's, it's not to question that. And they did the same thing with CIA. It started as a very small organization called the OSS with a bunch of guys from Harvard, Yale, SW around. And it grew into a massive entity. And in that massive entity, information is fragmented. The key to, since I was an analyst, I'll say the key to the CIA's analysis collection is nice, but it's worth nothing until it's analyzed.


Right. What is it If the, all the analysts can't see the information. So for example, I spotted the Russians speaking the gutter and the Americans speaking the gutter. Well it was in New York Times. So what the hell? But can, can someone recognize it? Well, when you're under such constraints of what You can see and what You can think and so on, you're just another federal agency. So it's not something unique. It's not a government, it couldn't govern anything. It, it isn't even a conspiracy. It couldn't organize one it, the problem with the CIA is the same thing as the problem with the Ethere agencies.


And it's very easy to say, you know, if you wanna say that this idiotic act was clearly planned by someone, it had to be the ccia A now their idiotic things planned by the ccia also wonderful accomplishments. But conspiracy is a very hard thing to keep quiet. It's especially if you need a lot of people. So it's not a government, it's a federal bureaucracy. And it needs reforming And reforming the CIA is going to be a very complicated thing because you have to maintain security. Yes. And firing a whole bunch of people doing the El Musk routine. Holy smoke.


Can you imagine all the irritated people that now have all sorts of intelligence And the CCIA is not in danger of being shut down or even it's budget examined. Like we have no idea what the CI budget is. Of course. And everyone I know who's, you know, on say the Intel committee is a loyal servant of the ccia. So I don't we're we're nowhere near anything like that. But my last question is kind of a a bigger question. Do you think as a student of history that it's possible to wind down an empire without great suffering and humiliation? Can you just sort of gradually pull back? It's a very difficult thing to do because your own population takes pride in being Roman.


Yeah. And our population doesn't take pride in being the dominant power in the world. There's something unique and wonderful. I'll say that about the United States. I say there's this immigrant, you know, having known the other, we are the only nation that didn't take absolute pride making war in Iraq and trying to make it an American colony. We're fighting the Russians. We are proud of our country. And our country is large enough to hold our contentment or continent We're vast T in which we can live in peace and happiness.


And the World War I we didn't want to be in. Yes. Because we didn't wanna be involved and we didn't wanna be in World War ii. I know. And we really didn't wanna be in the Cold War. No. The fact is that I served in Germany and I didn't like it. I liked Netherlands. That was fun. But Germany, no, but we stood at the full the gap. We said, well I certainly didn't wanna stand at the full the gap. I didn't really care about the German as much myself. I was happy to come home. So I think in the United States, the wish has always been that the Cold War be over, that we could stop worrying about Belgium or the Congo for God's sakes.


Vietnam, who cares. Yeah. So I think unlike we're not an empire, we're republic and an empire. Britain was an empire. It was monarchy and discovered that way. Yes. But we take no pride. We, we took pride in winning World War ii. Sure. But we took no pride in the Korean War. We took no pride in the Vietnam War. The best we could say is we had to do it. And having all my children serving in the military, I can also say that my son was in Air Force and so on and so forth.


It was not a pleasant thing. So where in Britain being, you know, a general in the army was a matter of pride or serving his private was here. It was a duty. But we'd much rather come home. And so I don't think we'll have that problem. We have the ocean protecting us, the Atlantic and the Pacific. We have Canada. We should be nice to Canada. You know, it's a nice place. We have Mexico to the south. Alright. Alright. We're fortress. We don't need the rest of the world. Rome had to conquered the rest of the world.


The Byzantine Empire had to conquer as much as it could. We don't have to conquer anything. I don't think we'll have any trouble with drawing our troops from the miserable third world countries. We deployed them in. So if we had to, I think we're one of the few empires that really didn't wanna be one. We did okay. But if my kids come home and they're well and they're healthy And they get decent careers, I'll be happy. That's The best thing I've heard in a long time. George Friedman, Thank you very much. Thank you. We wanna Thank you for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day.


We know the people who run it. Good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bells so you never miss an episode. We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter. Telling the truth always, you'll not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell. We appreciate it. Thanks for watching.