
I think we're watching the most evil thing I've ever seen in my lifetime, which is the lame duck administration, leaving the next administration with the World War, with the nuclear conflict by allowing Ukraine a proxy state of the United States to strike within Russia. And I'll have one editorial comment, and then I'm gonna let you go. But I think that people in Washington misunderstand Vladimir Putin, And they think he's a monarch with absolute power, which is not true. And Russian politics is complex and it's lively. And Putin is very concerned with his approval rating within Russia. He cannot appear weak. That's a huge threat to him. He feels that I can confirm, and if he can't hide attacks on him by the United States through Ukraine, either a Moscow or big civilian casualties, I, I think he will have no choice in his view, but to launch like a, a serious response against Ukraine or some, or NATO countries or possibly the United States.


So this seems like, seems like the most reckless thing that's ever happened in my life. I, I hardly have for words for it. Let, let me just, Am I overstating it, do You think? No, no, not, not even remotely. Welcome To Tucker Carlson Show. We bring you stories that have not been showcased anywhere else, and they're not censored, of course, because we're not gatekeepers. We are honest brokers here to tell you what we think you need to know and do it honestly. Check out all of our content at Tucker Carlson dot com. Here's the episode.


So let me just say specifically what has been authorized. Yes, this is something that some NATO countries, including the United Kingdom, have been pressuring the Biden administration to do for quite a long time, for at least a year. But going all the way back to the beginning of 2022, this was an option that they had, which was the, we have these, these guided missiles called Attack Em, which are very powerful for attacking inside Russia. You can guide them specifically and very precisely to where you want them to go. Obviously, you have to get intelligence about where you wanna strike. And the reason we never permitted the Ukrainians to use them is because the Ukrainians can't use those missiles on their own. In other words, if they wanna launch these missiles, it's not just the US giving them the missiles and then telling them, no problem, go and use them.


It requires the direct involvement of the United States and or a major NATO country like France or the UK or Germany, because the Ukrainians don't have the guiding capability in order to know how to launch these missiles, right? So this is not just us giving them missiles and saying, go attack deep inside Russia. Imagine if some major country, China, Iran, Russia, whoever gave missiles to Canada, if we were war with them or Mexico or Cuba, and said, we're giving you these specifically for you them to use them inside the United States, we would consider that a grievous act of war, not just on the part of the country shooting them, but on the part part of the country, giving them what Biden did here is so much worse.


He didn't just give Ukrainians missiles and say, feel free to use them inside Russia. We are going to participate in the bombing of Russia, nato, and or the United States, because there's no way the Ukrainians can launch these missiles on their own, which means we are now, our military or intelligence community are participating in missile attacks inside the country of Russia. This is something that even the Biden administration for all their hawkishness on Russia and Ukraine, feeding that war, fueling it, preventing diplomatic resolutions because they wanted this war. Even they were unwilling to do it because they understood the dangers of the escalatory risks for Joe Biden or whoever's acting in his name to do this just two weeks after the country resoundingly rejected governance by the Democratic Party in the administration.


And on his way out as an 81-year-old man, knowing that he has about six weeks left in office to just say, ah, I know that these are massive risks, but I'm going to take them. I'm 81. I don't really care. And then to make it so much more difficult for the following administration to do what they promised to do during the campaign, which the American people voted for and wanted, which is to resolve this war. Instead, we're risking escalation with the world's largest superpower nuclear power. Over what? Over what we, I mean it placed in context too. This is without precedent, and I think it's blinking. I wanna ask about that in a second. But, so 1956, Soviets invade Hungary and murder a ton of people.


61, they put nuclear weapons in Cuba, 68, they invade Shacho, Slovakia murder a bunch of people. Once again, these are all, you know, incredibly provocative acts, far more provocative than invading Eastern Ukraine. And this was in the middle of the Cold War. And no American president was Democrats and Republicans in charge during those periods. They didn't respond by attacking Russia. I mean, there's nothing like this has ever happened. No one's ever been this crazy. Well, this is, you know, my big breach with the laugh, my big permanent split with whatever they thought I was in terms of with Them. Well, permanent too. They hate you. Oh yeah, I know. And that all happened in 2016 when out of nowhere Russiagate appeared.


And I remember, like it was yesterday, the very first ad from Hillary Clinton's campaign with this like menacing baritone voice. You know, what does Vladimir Putin and Donald Trump have in comment? What do they, what does Russia have on Donald Trump? And journalistically? I just couldn't believe it because it was so re ult of McCarthyism, which is a civil libertarianism, I found, I was taught, was like one of the worst civil liberties. Me too, of the 20th century. And by the way, way I agree. Yeah, I mean, you go around just accusing people of being Russian agents with no evidence, destroying their reputation, their lives, kinda like what they're trying to do to Tulsi Gabbard now, what they tried to do for Donald Trump for the last eight years. So just on that ground, I, I was kind of offended by it journalistically.


I was so skeptical of it, because when you have intelligence agencies leaking anonymously, unverified claims to the Washington Post and the New York Times, And they put it on the front page and gather Pulitzers for them, that's usually a sign that a huge disinformation campaign, a deed is underway. That was the exact method used, for example, to sell the war on a rock to the American people, was that kind of process. That's why these intelligence agencies need to be rooted out. But what alarm me most was that the climate was deliberately created in Washington, especially once Hillary lost, And they blamed Russia for it. That any communications with Russia, anyone who visits Russia, anyone who talks to a Russian official is automatically deemed sinister or treasonous.


And as you said, during the Cold War, which dominated our American life for 50 years, Ronald Reagan called the Soviet Union, the evil empire. They were infinitely more powerful, more threatening, more everything than they, than Russia is Now. We always communicated with Soviet leaders. There were phones all over Washington that rang to the counterparts. They comment, they, they communicated constantly after Russiagate. There's basically no communication any longer between the Russian leaders and the the American leaders On, on, on either side. And I should just say I, I mean That not because Russia wanted that, that was something that in Washington got created because they blamed Russia and claimed that Russia, Russia was our existential enemy because of the claim that they interfered in the 2016 election.


Before that, there was all kind, the Obama administration and, and the Putin government cooperated in all sorts of ways around the world. Of course, Of course. And, but it's, it's, it's the leadership of the Republican party too. I had a conversation with the Speaker of the House, Mike Johnson, And he was about to appropriate tens of billions more for Ukraine. And I said, well, why don't you check with Putin on, you know, to speak of the house number three in line for the presidency. Well put what I can't. I said, well, I'll see if I can facilitate that. I'll call the press office, kind of set you up. Why don't you talk to Putin? No, absolutely not. Will not. Why? I imagine if he had though, and that leaked, but, but I'm not excusing him. But Why wouldn't he just say, I mean, I'm not attacking Mike Johnson. I guess I am attacking my child. I don't know what I'm saying. I'm just reporting what actually happened.


I said, you know, like what? I don't, you have a moral duty to get as much information about this war before you fund its continuation and the killing of all these people. Like shouldn't you know more? No, I, I think it is important to say that this war has been a hundred percent bipartisan. Although the Biden administration as the leader of the executive branch is primarily responsible. The primary there, there's been about, I would say five or six dozen anti interventionists Republicans, typically more Trump supporters, both in the House and Senate who have spoken out from the beginning against funding this war. But the vast majority of Republicans, to the extent they have a criticism or had a criticism with the Biden administration at all, with respect to Ukraine, it was that they didn't do enough.


They didn't spend enough money on Ukraine. They didn't give Ukraine enough weapons. They didn't get more involved, more heavily, more and earlier than they should. But you know, the, the thing that you said about encouraging Mike Johnson to speak to Putin, which of course as the third line to the presidency, as you said, when they're proposing it to escalate a major war, of course you should want to understand the Russian perspective. This is what Tulsi Gabbard did in 2017 when she was a member of Congress. And the Obama administration had unleashed this billion dollar a year, CI, a dirty war to change the government of Syria to dislodge Baal Asad from the government. And we fought along Isis and Al-Qaeda, who also wanted a shotgun gun.


We were told those were our existential enemies for 15 years. We fought alongside them to do it. And so many of the weapons we sent ended up in the hands of Al-Qaeda and Isis and other Islamic radical groups in Syria. And K Gabbard is a member of the military, but also as a member of Congress with constitutional responsibility to authorize or dis authorize a war, wanted to go to Syrian and see what was happening for herself. And then she spoke with Syrian officials and got an opportunity to speak with the Syrian president. And based solely on that, she's now accused of being a Russian agent, being A-A-A-A-A, some sort of, you know, treasonous sympathizer of Bosal or Assad. This is the jingoistic climate that has been created way worse than what prevailed in the Cold War when all we, we Nixon went to China, Reagan negotiated all kinds of arms deals with the Soviets.


This is now totally prohibited. It's like we live in a Marvel cartoon for children where there's good guys and bad guys where the good guys, and you don't speak to the bad guys and the good guys. It's so dangerous. Al-Qaeda and Isis, they're the good guys. Yeah, we can fight with them because they're so, Her point, I don't wanna speak for Tulsi Gabbard, our new director of National Intelligence nominee, but my view was, I don't have any feelings about Assad or Syria, but it's a fact that that government protected religious minorities, including an ancient Christian community there and the alloys of which he's won in that country for a long time, he and his dad. So why are they my enemy? Exactly. I don't under, like what does, why should I be opposed to Assad in Syria? Why should I be opposed to Vladimir Putin?


I was not supposed to be opposed to the Soviets who are anti-Christian, but now you have a pro Christian president, I'm supposed to be against him. Tell me why wasn't somebody explain to me why as a 55-year-old American taxpayer I should be against him Even like, so first of all, I think the principle is that, and this is what Donald Trump ran liars explicitly in 2016, was that we shouldn't be involved in wars designed to change the governments of other countries, build, rebuild their governments, transform their societies, in part because it's not our place to do it. And in part because we're terrible at doing it, because they have very complex, rich, long histories that American intelligence officials and political leaders have no understanding of whatsoever. It's speak the freaking language.


I mean, they dunno anything. They know nothing. Oh, I know. And we've proven that over and over in all these failed attempts. But also when it comes to, I mean the tulsi GA's entire worldview, and I have spoken to her about this, I've interviewed her about this, so I I feel comfortable saying this is that she's not in any way anti-war pacifist. She believes that we should be very militarily aggressive against, say, terrorist groups that actually want to attack the United States or have done so, or American assets or American interests around the world. Her argument is, is that we should not be involved in regime change wars of the kind we did in Iraq of the, that she fought in, of the kind we did in Syria of the kind we did in Libya of the kind that we did in Ukraine in 2014 when we actually engineered a coup on the most sensitive part of the border, The kind that we're trying to pull off in Russia right now, the point of this is to knock out Putin Yeah.


To, to weaken that regime into the thing is though that what you said about Putin is so important, which is Putin's critics, he doesn't have very many liberal critics, meaning people to his left. Exactly. His real critics are hardcore nationalists. Exactly. And the criticism of Putin Who see him as a liberal, who See him as weak or insufficiently militaristic when it comes to confronting the West. But it was exactly, particularly on, on Ukraine. They wanted, they wanted a destruction of Ukraine. They're, they're, a lot of them are enraged. And as you say, the U Russian government has taken the position warned the United States government privately and publicly, that any use of these missiles involving as they do direct us or NATO involvement in their launching against Russia, will be seen as the entrance of the United States and NATO as belligerent in this war, as a war against Russia, as World War iii.


And he will have to treat it as such. Even those, he's been very constrained, Even those, he clearly doesn't want a broader war. There are a lot of people inside Moscow who de wield a lot of power, who do, And he who will demand that he treated as such, why would, why wouldn't they? We are attacking Russia, we're shooting missiles inside Russia. So I think a a, as you've said, I don't think we can say it enough. So much of this has been conducted in bad faith, but also so much of that bad faith has been informed by ignorance or uninformed by ignorance. Not informed at all. And I think that people really think that Putin is an absolute dictator who can do whatever he wants. And that is not the case. It's not the case. Super complex place. A lot of smart people in Russia, complicated political situation. So I agree completely.


We're pushing him toward that. The view I think, I know from Putin is that Blinken is driving this and that Blinken has a lot of hostility, is reckless, but has a lot of hostility toward Russia. That has nothing to do with the United States at all. Do you think that's true? Do you think Blinken is driving this? Yeah, I mean, I think, I think Blinken, Jake Sullivan, that's kind of the brain trust as it is. Obviously Joe Biden has no involvement in this whatsoever, obviously, which I think, you know, has been a, an issue which we've shockingly ignored. Everyone saw what Joe Biden was long before that debate. Yes. Everyone knew it.


The only people who didn't say so were the media and democratic allies after the debate, it became untenable for them to deny it any longer, that this is an old man who has lost his cognitive capabilities, yet he's still the sitting president of the United States. And you had the vice president, understandably, doing nothing for the last four months other than working on her own empowerment through the campaign. She obviously wasn't involved ever in any decision making, let alone when she became the nominee. So the question has been all these consequential decisions we made deploying massive military assets to the Middle East, making declarations about when we would go to war in the Middle East and for whom escalating the war in Ukraine, now authorizing the use of these long range missiles.


He's obviously not coming from Joe Biden. He barely understands where he is. It's, it's, it's not a character flaw in his fault part, but it's just a disability, a clear disability. He's obviously not making any of these decisions. I do think that if you look at the national security crowd that emerged from the Obama presidency, especially the people who were associated with the State Department run by Hillary Clinton and then John Kerry, even before Russiagate in 2016, they had an obsession with Russia. In fact, when Hillary Clinton left the administration, the SEC as Secretary of State and wrote her book Hard Choices, the only areas in which you were critic was critical of Obama, was her view that he wasn't willing to confront Russia sufficiently.


Obama had this view, like sort of this realist view from Ben French Scot. Those are the kind of people who like Jim Bakker, that why would we send lethal arms to Ukraine and provoke Russia? Ukraine's not a vital interest to us, but it is to them. He wanted to work with Russia and did to facilitate the Iran deal to bomb terrorist targets in, in Syria. And there was a faction in the BA Obama administration led by Hillary Clinton. Blinken was there all these sort of national security people woven into the, the, you know, that Victoria, Victoria Newlan was hired by Hillary Clinton. That's how she made her way into the Obama administration. They viewed Russia as this grave menace. The reason Putin hated Hillary Clinton was because when Hillary Clinton was Secretary of State, the United States openly spent millions of dollars funding opposition groups and organizing protests in Moscow.


I mean, we talk about Putin interfering in our sacred politics and our internal affairs. Hillary Clinton was openly funding protests and, and, and, and anti Putin agitated AGI agitators inside Russia in the 2010 election in 20 12, 20 11 or rather. And they were obsessed with Russia well before that. And I do think that Russia is disliked by a lot of people in Washington because of the perception that they are detrimental to, to our interests in the Middle East and to, especially to Israel's interest in the Middle East, including their support for Bahar Asad in Syria. The fact that they have a good relationship with Iran.


It doesn't really always have a lot to do with the United States, but with the interest of other countries as well. So you think that's the prime mover here, because it is true that Asad is only there because of Russia. I think, I think that's a fair statement. Yeah. That's their ally in the Middle East, right. And has been their ally in the Middle East for, for decades. And just like we support our allies around the world like Saudi Arabia and Egypt, you know, very savage, brutal dictatorships, but at least who do our bidding, the Russians have theirs as well. They have a long-term relationship with Venezuela, with Cuba going back to the Cold War and still do as well as with Syria. And yeah, the Russians operate in Syria, they protect Assad in Syria, and as a result, they end up being antagonistic to Israel, which ends up being defined as US interests as well.


Like there's no separation between. So, but strictly speaking, this has kind of nothing to do with us whatsoever. I mean, I don't, I honestly for the past, Unless you see Israel as a part of the United States, You know, I'm not hostile toward Israel, but I think it's a separate country. It's Not, it seems to me be a separate country as well. It's often not treated as that. I'm just saying, but don't, But don't pay taxes there. I wasn't born there. So from my per, just from an American perspective, without wishing ill in any other country at all, and I really don't, I have been struggling for, really, since the 2016 election, but particularly since the war began in February of 2022 to identify what exactly would be the US interest in this. And I, and I just can't. And I've really, I think, tried hard, but I just, I just don't see what's in it for us At all there.


And Tucker there, nobody, I'm certain of this in the United States, just an average ordinary American voter who believes that their life is affected in any way by the question of who rules are these provinces in the Donbas in eastern Ukraine, nobody thinks about Ukraine, let alone the Donbas, let alone Eastern Ukraine. It's an incredibly complex situation there in terms of the people's allegiances, which are far closer to Moscow than they are to Kiev. The question of what that territory should be, should it be semi-autonomous? Should it be used as a buffer against the West? The, the whole framework, as you well know, and as other people have pointed out, when Russia agreed to the reunification of Germany, which was obviously an extraordinary thing for the Russians to agree to, given the Russian history in the 20th century with respect to Germany, when they opened the Berlin while thou fell, And they allowed the, and, and the Western parts of Germany to reunite and to become part of the, the West and become part of the eu, the only concession they extracted in exchange for that was okay with reunification.


NATO's now moving eastward closer to our border in a country that has devastated our country. Twice in two world wars invaded Russia twice killed tens of millions of Russian citizens. The only thing we need as a security guarantee in exchange for allowing that, is that NATO will never expand one inch eastward beyond what was East Germany. And the United States agreed to that. And immediately in the nineties, under the Clinton administration, the Clinton administration started talking about it and, and implementing NATO expansion eastward toward Russia. Exactly what was promised to Gorbachev the United States would not do in exchange for them agreeing to reunification. And why, why, why, why did we need to expand our, I never understood that eastward toward Russia.


And now it's not just eastward in general, it's going directly up to the Russian border on the part of their border that has been invaded twice in Ukraine to destroy Russia and both of those, of those world wars. We also participated in the change of government. We removed the democratically elected leader of Ukraine before his constitutional term was expired in 2014, because we perceived him as being too friendly to Moscow, which is who the Ukrainians voted for and replaced him. Victoria Nolan constructed a government And they was replaced by a, a government that was more pro-US. Imagine if the Russians engineered a coup in Mexico to take out the government because they were too friendly to the US and put in a hard line pro Russian, anti-American, anti-natal president.


Imagine how threatening we would regard that as. And that's exactly what we did in Ukraine. The question is though, this has nothing to do with the national security of the American people. No Americanists threatened by who governs Ukraine. What they're threatened by is what the United States is doing in Ukraine, including this most recent act.


Well, they keep telling you AI is gonna make the world a better place. That may be true, but you have to ask better for whom, better for your health insurance company, which could use it to calculate exactly how much to raise your premiums based on your WebMD search history. Hmm. Better for the HR departments at companies, which will decide whether or not to hire you based on what you've been looking at online. Better for politicians who can use the information they take from you to manipulate you. That doesn't sound better in any way. And that's one of the reasons that we protect ourselves with a product called Express. VPN Express. VPN is an app. It encrypts a hundred percent of your online activity and reroutes it through secure servers. That means no one can see what you do online. What websites you visit are apps you use, not your internet provider, not data brokers, not any malicious AI system that's vacuuming up information on everybody else. Express VPN is easy to use. It works on every kind of device, phone, laptop, tablet. If You can connect it to the internet, You can protect it with Express VPN. It comes with a risk-free 30 day back guarantee. That's one of the reasons that experts like CNET and the Verge rate Express, VPN, the number one VPN on the market today, Use our special link to get three extra months of express VPN's privacy protection for free. Go to ExpressVPN dot com slash tucker, that's ExpressVPN dot com slash tucker. Get three extra months for free.


So what I find it so terrifying. I'm not, no, I don't think I'm sort of overstating that. I mean, we are on the brink of, of global war, But, but can, can you just say one thing about that? Don't you think, aren't you kind of amazed by how impervious and dismissive media political elites are of the prospect of nuclear war? Well, I, I it's unimaginable and, and yes, and I mean, it's a, like, I think it can't happen Of wont happen and it's not frustration of Yeah. And I will say the one thing that Trump has said repeatedly over the pa over the past, certainly since he left the presidency four years that he's received no credit for and should get enormous credit for, is that nuclear war is the worst thing.


He was, of course, been briefed on it as the person who controlled the launch codes. He knows what it means. And anyone who spends five minutes looking into what a nuclear exchange would actually, you know, do is, is terrified of and, but only Trump seems worried about it. I don't understand Why. Yeah, I've, I've said this, I've talked about this so many times and, and I think it goes back to when Trump was president in the early stages of presidency. Every time Trump talks about the prospect of nuclear war, he knows that he's limited in what everything he can divulge, but he's so clearly trying to signal, And he often says it, these weapons are of a different universe than even the ones we dropped into Japan.


Yes, that's correct. And he's obviously, as you said, understands and been briefed on. But You see these morons at the Atlanta Council or a EI or Hudson Center, these like this cluster of the dumbest people in the world, all implicated in the Iraq disaster, say, well, you know, maybe tactical nukes are fine. That we, that an adequate work can change. We can, That's change that's such next level crazy. Like that's crazier than any schizophrenic sitting next to you on a public subway. Well, yeah, I mean, that's crazy. We, we, we constantly call like RFK Junior. They call him crazy. Okay. They call, you know, Toul Gabbard or Mac h crazy, whoever these people who have been in power, who have been generating American orthodoxy, especially on foreign policy, are the most insane people on the planet. It's because actually the United States has been the most powerful country in the world.


No one could constrain it. No one could stand up to it. And as is true with everything, that level of unconstrained power corrupts people. And that is correct. And that is, and these people have been in control of this power for decades That is correct. Passed on one to another through this dog. When that gets increasingly out of touch and detached from reality and the, and and Megalomaniacal Abs. Exactly. I mean, at least during the Cold War, I'm not saying it was a good thing, but the Soviet Union, the United States were of equal power. They were competing with one another. They were both very constrained in what they were. They both were petrified of a nuclear world. We almost came to nuclear apocalypse at least twice, especially in the c missile crisis through misperception and miscommunication when a Russian commander of a submarine thought incorrectly that they were using nuclear weapons against the submarine and against Cuba and almost launched the nuclear weapons at the sub, came about five minutes away from doing so until someone intervened on that sub.


And so I don't think that this is actually an attack. It's very possible. We've come to the brink of it before. It probably is the single greatest threat to the survival of the species. Not probably, definitely is the use of nuclear weapons. Every time Trump talks about it, You can see the fear that he has. He's trying to convey to others Every time. And I am a, I mean Tucker, I'm amazed this is like impeachment level stuff for Joe Biden on his way out of the door to involve the US directly in a war for the first time. We've been very involved in other ways. Almost they Should impeach him. Why doesn't the Speaker of House impeach him? There's a constitutional limitation on the president's ability to involve the US in a war without congressional authorization, which is exactly what has happened through the use of these missiles, which as I said, we need to help direct.


And the question is yeah, why the answer though is, is that the vast majority of the Republican caucus in the house and in the Senate supports what Joe Biden is doing, thinks he should have done this a year ago. And there's probably not a lot of anger in the house and send it over this, except the question that it's called lame duck for a reason. A lame duck is supposed to be a duck that really doesn't do much, can't do much, doesn't move much. It's by design pretty limited. It's like this transition period. Yeah, he's floating in the water. 'cause he's been shot. Yeah, he's Not. Yeah, exactly. His legs are, are broken. And so he's lame. This is not a lame duck decision. And it's not like there was any emergency to it.


It wasn't, there was no emergency to it. They just wanted to escalate it because they thought Trump wouldn't. And so they did. It puts us in this remarkable moment where the only adult is Vladimir Putin. This person we've been told is Hitler and deranged, crazy dying of nine different kinds of cancer can't be trusted. Like the only reason we're not, I mean, we're all relying on his restraint. Well, that's just a fact right now. How weird is that? Well, I mean, first of all, this is, this is what amazes me is that I I sometimes propaganda, I mean propaganda is, you have to respect it. It's a very potent field of human knowledge that has been refined over many decades using every field of discipline.


So social sciences and psychology and psychiatry. I mean, propaganda is not just some, you know, intuitive thing that people do. It's Not a, it's an science's argument that you make. Yeah. And it's very powerful. And we love to talk about how propagandized the Russians are and the Chinese are, and how there's no descent allowed. You know, Georgia Orwell in the preface to Animal Farm wrote, or actually to 1984, wrote a, an essay where he was essentially saying that overt totalitarianism of the kind that was taking place in the Soviet Union is repressive, but it's not nearly as effective as subtle repression.


The kind where you give the illusion that people are free. But in reality the flow of information is heavily controlled because at least when you know, the guys dressed in black with weapons come and take you and put you in a glue log for criticizing the government, everybody understands the level of re oppression. It often generates a backlash. But when you combine repression with the illusion of freedom, that's what's incredibly effective. And that's what we Have. And You don people with an abundant consumer economy. Like, you know, here are your edibles, here's your Netflix, calm down. Yeah, You Can, You can basically get them to do anything. Yeah. And at the same time, there has been a concerted effort to control what was supposed to be the one innovation that was going to break the centralized control of information, which is the internet.


That's why there's so much attention and energy. It's why it's the number one priority of western power centers to control the internet because it's the one threat to their ability to maintain this propaganda, to control. Do you know this? I I still can't believe this, that it's not talked about as much, but right after Russia invaded Ukraine and Western governments decided they wanted full on support for Ukraine and this very simple minded narrative that they fed their public well After they started the war. I mean the Biden administration started, that's my view of it. They knew that Russia would invade if they publicly pushed Zelensky to join nato. So they did that. Kamala Harris did it, and Russia invade. My view was they started this war Ian threat talking openly about expanding NATO to Ukraine.


Yes, You can find memos from the highest levels of the US government saying, if you do that, it's not just Putin. It's every political faction in in Russia that will see it as a war in war. And they'll invade, they'll, they'll annex Crimea and invade eastern Ukraine. Of course, the American government knew that. You can show documents where, where it says that. But the, you, the eu, the minute that war started in earnest, what the Russian army invading, one of the very first steps they took legislatively was to ban the platforming to criminalize the platforming of Russian media like Russia, rt, and Sputnik. They made it a crime and YouTube immediately pulled it off because they didn't want their citizens hearing any information from the Russian perspective.


I mean, You can hate Russia, You can think Russia's evil, You can think whatever you want about Russia, but why wouldn't you want to hear from the other side? Do you know the New York Times used to publish all the time, like the speeches of BJ Nv of course, and y and dropoff and, and Khrushchev. And You can read what the Russians would say. They would come to the United States, they would speak openly. Now it's, it's practically criminalized Putin's speech in February of 2022 to, to his country nationally televised there right before the invasion was absolutely just a remarkable speech, which I, by the way, never got around to even looking at before I got to Moscow. And I was like, I can interview Putin. I think I should watch that speech.


I read about it, never watched it. And I think, I mean, You can agree or disagree, You can hate Putin. I mean, it's totally fine. I don't care how people feel about Putin. But to most Americans had no idea his thinking in invading Ukraine. Like no idea what, why wouldn't people wanna know what It was just the cartoon. Ver he's an evil hitlerian figure who wants to recon, re re re re re reconquest all of Europe the way Hitler did. Putin has been in office for 25 years. He has gone through six different American presidents, every single one of them until you are not allowed to say it anymore. Always said, you meet with Putin, he's incredibly shrewd. He's incredibly smart.


You can trust Putin. If you do a deal with Putin, You can count on the fact that he will adhere to it. Other heads of states still feel that way and say that. Yeah. Well, American president said it all the time. Yeah. Starting with Bill Clinton, that he's rational, that he acts in his self-interest that he's calculating in terms of, and careful. And then suddenly, this is what amazes me propagandistic, is that overnight everybody was forced to say that Putin invaded Ukraine simply because suddenly he became this psychotic evil Hitler type figure who just wanted outta the blue. But They all believed it though, a lot of them, I mean, the people who screamed at me at airports for being pro Putin, which of course I'm not pro, I've never been pro Putin, I don't have strong feelings either way. But they really had been convinced not just by M-S-N-B-C and CNN, but by the entire oligarch controlled internet that, like anyone who talked about Putin raised questions about the war was like for Putin, it like that worked, propaganda worked.


No PR Propaganda, PR talker, propaganda work, especially nationalistic propaganda because human beings evolved over thousands of years to be tribal. Like we, we wanna feel part of our group. We take pride in our, our group. Like it's why if you're born in America, you say, I'm an American. This is my country. I'm, this is what I'm loyal to. It comes from these tribalistic instincts. Right? It makes sense because we evolved for thousands of years where you, if you got expelled from your tribe, you would, you would die. You needed a tribe in order to survive. So we're tribalistic animals. So if you appeal to people's tribalism and say, we're the good guys, we're the innocent victims. Our enemy are the bad guys, they're evil. They're, you know, that appeals to people's mos of visceral instincts.


And the problem of course is the countervailing punishment, which is the minute you question it, you know, I had from the beginning, I had on my show, you know, people like John Muir Heimer and, and, and Stephen Walt and Jeffrey Sachs, And they were all saying from the beginning, there's no possibility that Ukraine can win this war as NATO has defined it, which means the expulsion of every Russian troop from every inch of Ukrainian soil, just simply on size grounds alone. Oh, just saying, just basic understanding of history. Every one of them, I'm sure, I think it happened to you too. I know what happened to me were put on these official list issued by the Ukrainian government of being pro, pro-Russian propagandist. Everywhere you went, you get accused of being a Russian propagandist or some sort of agent of the Kremlin simply by questioning our own government's propagandistic views or simply trying to understand things from the Russian perspective.


Like this is, you know, I, after nine 11, the big question on the minds of all Americans after they were traumatized by this extraordinary assault on our soil, designed obviously to impose as much suffering and, and and killing as possible was obviously they asked like, why, why do they wanna do that to us? Why would people hate us so much that they would devise a scheme as complex and deadly as hijacking planes, passenger planes with box cutters and fine them into major American buildings, filled with people. Why would they hate us that much? And they had to, the government had to give a an answer to that question because people obviously wanted to know the answer.


And that was when David from and Cheney and all those people said, they hate us for our freedoms. They just can't stand the fact that women are allowed to wear bikinis on the beach and that we have a Congress. And it's like no one ever thought, well, there's like dozens of countries around the world where women get to win bird bikinis and have congresses like in Japan and Korea and all throughout Latin America and like Scandinavia, why aren't they attacking those places? And then Bin Laden wrote a letter in 2002 to the American people saying, here's why there's so much animosity toward the United States. And there was of course some appeal to religion in it. I made the mistake of reading part of that letter on the air at CNN at the time, not to make a kind of point, but just because super interesting, you know, and nine 11 changed everyone's life very much including mine lost a friend that day.


Like, just like every American who was an adult on nine 11, it was like, you felt like it was an event that you participated in or it affected you. So I felt like I had every right to read that letter. Like, Hey, this is, he, he's now saying why he did it. I almost got pulled off the air for doing that. Oh, I know. Well he Tucker, I just want, I just have to, oh, forget it, Tucker. I, I, not only doesn't that surprise me, a lot of people have forgot, forgotten that this happens, but it's actually quite extraordinary. After nine 11, obviously Osama Bin Laden was one of the most important people in the world. He had just perpe perpetrated the worst attack on the American soil. Yeah. Least since Pearl Harbor. You know, a lot of people wanted to interview him or play clips of interviews. The United States government told, called all the network news agencies into the White House and said to them, you should not and cannot show interview Osan Bin Laden or show any interviews with him.


And they invented this excuse as to why, which is that he might put some sort of code in his interviews that signaled to sleeper cells sleep herself. Like he might like wiggle his ear like Carol Burnett did. Or like, you know, raise his eyebrows three times or blink in a mor code in a certain way. And, and the network's all obeyed. And the most amazing thing was this letter, which You can go read where he says exactly why all the different ways the United States has brought violence to that region has interfered that Region. Didn't reform policy is the bottom line at all. Yeah. Well we've been bombing that region and interfering in them opposing dictatorships on those people for decades, specifically to suppress the things they believe in.


We don't want popular opinion being prevailing in democratically in the Middle East because we don't perceive it in our interest. So we've been imposing dictators on them, secular dictators. We've been bombing them, we've been sanctioning them, we've been invading them. Of course we support Israel, which in that region people view as this grave assault on the rights of, of Palestinians. But we put bases in Saudi Arabia, which is the most sacred soil to that religion. We imposed a blockade and sanction regime on, on Iraq, which Madeleine Albright admitted, killed 500,000 children, but nonetheless said it was worth it. So we've been so active in that region. And that's the reason they wanted to attack back. That's the reason Alqaeda had so much support.


But they banned Osama Bin Laden from being heard, just like the EU banned Russian state media from being heard. Because of course you don't want Americans being exposed to this. And then the amazing thing is that letter, which really not didn't get much attention at the time. The only place that existed on the internet was on the guardian's website. And somehow, you know, 22 year olds on TikTok found that letter And they started talking about it And they were like, oh my God, I was never told this before. He didn't attack us because he hates us for our freedom. He says specifically here why they're attacking us. And in other words, they were reading a historical document and discussing it things that you would want a free citizenry to do. But the fear that they were allowed to not only read but talk about that document with one another was so intense that in 48 hours they forced TikTok to ban every discussion of that letter, to remove the hashtags, to find it, to take down any post or accounts that were talking about it.


And then the Guardian, a news outlet, removed that letter, which had been there for 20 years, which was of obvious historical and journalistic important. They were removed it from their website because they were too frightened that people were gonna be able to read it. Why? Because it prevents the propaganda narrative from being unchallenged. And that's the same with Russia and Ukraine that shows you how we think we're so free. We have, we can, we hear so much dissent because you have a Republican and Democrat bickering on a cable show about trivial things. You're like, oh look, we have free debates, open debates. They don't, they don't get to have that in Russia and China. But the minute there's information that actually threatens the government that they fear people understanding, they clamp down on it and suppress it. And that's what they did there.


You wonder why we put up with that? You wonder why we put up with the government that continues to keep secret files about nine 11. It's been 23 years. What what could possibly be the justification for not telling me information that I own and have a right to see, which is, what the hell was that? And they constantly lecturing people, even Even the JFK files. Well, especially the JFK files, but but much more immediate. It was 23 years ago. But I mean, we're both adults. We remember it very well. Yeah. I love to Manhattan Our lives. I mean, it was like, I remember I was traumatized by that. It was a horrible event. Exactly. And that a lot happened. Our country changed radically because of it. To this day, the Patriot Act exists. Well, it's not never been the same country. And in some ways, you know, it was much more successful in its aims than, than I even wanna admit to myself.


'cause it's so sad to see what it did to this country. But here's the point. They're constantly, they meaning the media and the Intel Agencies, which work together as you know, are constantly attacking other people for being conspiracy theorists and crazy and dis the memory of the nine 11 victims, et cetera, by coming up with explanations that are not authorized. Okay. Then why don't you just tell us what actually happened? Why not just declassify it? What I know, what's the answer? It's gonna jeopardize sources and methods. That's, that's not true. And we all know that's not true. And You know that this, the importance of protecting those secrets, keeping those documents that might show the truth, not not of 'em, but JFK, That's the most important thing. It's the, it's In fact the whole point of the second impeachment trial, which never made any sense.


Why would you bring an impeachment trial against The president on his way out the office was because they were petrified that Trump was gonna do certain things in that transition. Like, pardon Edward Snowden, Julian Assange, which he came very close to doing, but especially fulfill his promise to declassify things like the JFK files and other national security files that had been kept hidden with no justification from the American public. Even those, it happened decades ago, nine 11 JFK. And they told him, if you do that, all the Senate Republicans are gonna vote to impeach you. You're gonna be convicted and ineligible to run ever again. That was the sword of Les. They held over his head precisely to prevent him from bringing transparency to the government and allowing the American people to see what they ought to have a right to know.


But if your Greatest fear is transparency, then you're a criminal. I mean, that's basically proof. Like I can't think of a better indicator of behavior than the craze desire to keep that behavior secret. Right. Can I, I wanna just say something about that, which is, if you think about what a democracy is supposed to be like, what an ideal free society is, whatever you call that it's supposed to be that everything that public officials do in the name of the public power is supposed to be known to the, the, the public with very few exceptions. Right? Like if there's a war and they're planning troop movements, they can keep that secret Yeah. Normandy a week before. Right. You can Keep it quiet.


They, they don't have to tell everyone that they're gonna do that. But outside of those very rare exceptions, we're supposed to know everything about what they do. Of course, because they're doing it in our name. They're our employees. Yeah. And they're supposed to be accountable to us, but they can't be if we don't know what they're doing. Conversely, they're not supposed to know anything about what private citizens do. They're supposed to track us or eavesdrop on us or keep dossiers on us or know where we are, where we're going. Unless again, very rare circumstances. We're a criminal. There's probable cause to, to, to, to spy on us because we've convinced they've convinced the court as the constitution requires, that there's probable cause to believe we're but accepting those rare circumstances we're that that's why they're called public officials. And we're called private citizens. We're supposed to have privacy. They're not, they're supposed to have transparency.


Our society is completely reversed. If you are a private citizen, the government knows everything about you. They keep all kinds of data on you. That was the Snowden reporting, obviously that's what Edward Snowden revealed, was the extent to which we were being surveilled by our own government. Conversely, we know almost nothing about what the government, you know, when I got the Edward Snowden archive, which was hundreds of thousands if not more of top secret documents from the NSA, obviously what was surprising is what was in them and what they revealed. But what even more surprising to me was that the documents that so many of these documents, most of these documents that were marked top secret had no interesting information in them at all. Like they just reflexively put like how to get a parking credential, how to ask your supervisor exactly for a vacation.


These were top secret of course. 'cause everything the government does reflexively is kept secret from the Public. Of course you have no rights know. That's the default you have no. Right. Right. Exactly. So everything is inverse. We, the government knows everything about what we do and we know nothing about what they do. I'm Tucker Carlson for alp.


Now, as you know, the FDA requires us to warn you. We'll, should read you the warning quote, warning, this product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical end quote. We're required to tell you that by the federal government. But we don't shy away from that. It's addictive and there's an upside to it. Yes. Nicotine is an addictive chemical. That is true. There are a lot of things in life. You forget your car keys, your wallet. One thing you're never gonna forget is alp. 'cause nicotine is an addictive chemical. You may forget to put your shoes on in the morning. You may forget to kiss your wife on the way out. You may come home and not remember your own dog's name. But one thing you're not gonna forget is your alp. Why? 'cause you're addicted to it. 'cause your body will tell you, Hey, better bring your ALP with you and you will. I do. I'm never anywhere without my alp. It's by the side of my bed when I go to sleep. It's there. When I wake up in the morning, it's in the front pocket of my pants as I head out into the world. ALP is always with me. It's on the desk as I do interviews everywhere I am. ALP is because it's an addictive chemical. That's exactly right. And we're not afraid of that. We're not ashamed of it. It's addictive in the same way that air, water, and sex are addictive. They're so great and you want to do 'em every day. Thankfully, it's easy to have ALP with you at all times. Just go to our website, alp pouch.com. It'd never be without it. Nicotine. Yes, it's addictive. That's why we like it.


So a a long time, Intel Official told me not that long ago, I guess I should have known this, that the big pornography sites are controlled by the Intel Agencies. Save access to the data on those sites. And the reason that they do, and I think the dating sites too, and the reason that they do, of course, is Blackmail. And once you realize that, once you realize that like the most embarrassing features of your personal life are known by people who want to control you, then you're, you're controlled. And you look at the behavior of some of these people who I know personally and particularly in the Congress. And you're like, why are you doing that? You don't agree with that and you're out there doing it anyway. We always imagine that it's just donors. So they're getting paid to do that.


I think it's more than donors. I've seen politicians turn down donors before. I've see, watched it. You know, I don't believe that. I'm not doing That. And a lot of people have very safe seats. Not everybody is desperate for donors. Exactly. Can I just give you an example? I'm not saying so it's not just the carrot. There's a stick in there. I'm, I'm not saying this happened here. I'm not saying that at all. I have no basis for saying it. But I had Mike Johnson on my show about two months before unexpectedly he became the speaker when he just became like the ninth compromised. You had and Mike Johnson on your show. Yeah, I interviewed Mike Johnson. Oh, wow. And the reason I interviewed Mike Johnson was because I had, he did not go on your show now. Oh no. This is, this is why this is so interesting. I didn't know that. This is why.


So yeah, just by chance I interviewed Mike Johnson. The reason was was because Christopher Ray went before a committee on which he sat in the house. And Mike Johnson grilled him about FBI spying about the involvement of the intelligence communities and our politics, about the attempt to censor the internet coming from the Intel Agencies. And he did it with this great kind of intellect, but also this very effective demeanor. And I could just tell that he passionately felt passionately about these issues and that I started following more and more what he was doing. And he was almost single-mindedly focused on spying, abuses, curbing, spying, power, curbing sonship.


Then you're blowing my mind. And so we asked him, I said, you know, can you call on my show? And he is like, yeah, I'm a big fan of Glenn's. I think the work that he's doing great. I love to come on Mike Johnson from Louisiana. Yeah. And he came on my show. Are you this up? No go. You can go watch the interview and I'm hard to shock you or shocking me. I had him on my show and after this interview I was like, I love him. One of the reasons, one of the things we spent the most amount of time on was Pfizer reform and the need for Pfizer reform. Come on. The fact that, come on Glenn Tucker. I swear I, this is, I'm telling you, Pfizer reform was coming up in about three months where they had to extend the Pfizer law that allows the FBI, the CA to spy an American citizens, the NSA, without really any reforms. And he was determined.


It was like his big issue. That's why he was on my show. That's why he liked what my work was. He was like, we cannot allow this Pfizer law to be renewed. It is a grave threat to American democracy. At the very least. We need massive fundamental reforms. I'm totally blown away. And I was like, oh my God. I, I re I. And he's very smart. He's like a smart lawyer. He's very informed about these issues. I walked away super impressed. That is what we spent most of our time on. But also just the will Will you put these clips on the internet? The whole show is on the internet. I put them up. No, I know, but will you just post these on social media? You're freaked. I did, but I'll do it again because Mike Johnson becomes a speaker about two months later. I don't mean four years later or two years later, about two months after that. Three months at the most, right? When the FISA law is coming up.


And I was like, oh, it's so great. He was made speaker. There's no way this Fs a law is getting passed. Not only did Mike Johnson say, I'm gonna allow the Pfizer renewal to come to the floor with no reforms, not allowing any reforms, he himself said, it is urgent that we renew FISA without any reforms. This is a crucial, critical tool for our intelligence agencies. And I put that cri everywhere when that happened, showing where just two months earlier, he Did you butt them together? Yeah, of course. I was attacking the shit outta Mike Johnson. And then somebody finally asked him, like, but you've been saying all along for years, for the last two years that you vehemently opposed this, and suddenly now you're for it.


What changed your mind? And he was like, yeah, well, when you're a speaker, you get access to a lot of things. And I was taken to this secret room in the CIA And they showed me these very important things and these sensitive documents about how important these powers are and how devastating it would be if we put any reforms on them. And so I realized that it was wrong when I had believed, and now I believe this law has to be passed with no reforms. You don't have smart people like that. He was already in Congress. He had access to classified information, getting briefings, secret briefings. You don't have people that invested in position who with one meeting, I can see someone really dumb being affected by that. Like, oh, these guys with big metals on their chest take you to like a secret, super secret room inside the ccia, like with all these locks and codes and things on the wall, and you're all impressed.


You're like, oh my God, I can't challenge this. He's a very smart guy. I don't believe he'd changed his mind. So the question is, why did he, I don't know. I really don't. But I know that the person that was on my show two months earlier no longer exists. Wow. I I can honestly say that's one of the most shocking things I've heard in a long time, because I, I didn't, I I should also echo what everyone else who's ever met him will say, which is nice guy, you know, not a not a mean man or anything like that. Great guy. Like he, you know, he adopted kids. He like Totally, yeah. I mean, everything he says about decency, respect for everybody. No, totally. I totally, I I I was even saying today that he was, you know, with the whole thing about the question of whether this new trans lawmaker was getting, use the bathrooms he was asked about, And he was just like emphasizing the need for respect and decency and civility, even if you know things.


Yes. And I, and I believe he believes that, like, I believe, of course he does. I believe he is in connection with the, like, best parts of Christianity and takes him seriously. Yes. And conducts himself that way, and always has nothing against Mike Johnson personally, quite the country. But to watch that happen was SI mean, as, as as cynical as I am, I don't even know how to respond because I didn't, I haven't interviewed Mike Johnson over the years, but he was like, some guy from Louisiana, whatever. I wasn't paying close attention. And it was only after he became speaker on the FA question and on the question of funding Ukraine, That was the other thing. You go out, I talked to him about that too. He was like, you know, he did say he wasn't at all like, you know, say like Matt Gates type or you know, Tom Massey, like, we can't fund that war, that war.


He wasn't saying that he was, he was like, we can't let Russia win. But he was still pretty skeptical. But it was really on these questions of FISA and the CI and the FBI and spying powers and internet censorship powers where he was passionate and vehement. That's why I had him on made those You're making The my arms go up because I agree. Look, I, I'm not alleging anything. 'cause I don't know anything. I didn't even know that he was, that invested on precisely the opposite side. But, you know, very, very, he's made all these things possible. And you know, I had a conversation with him off camera, so I probably shouldn't be too detailed about it, but he said something that I thought was like, not only nonsensical, but like insane, like crazy.


And it's just to make any, it was internally incoherent and he's not stupid, as you said. And I, and I got upset And I was like, that doesn't make any sense at all. And, And he just kind of said, no, it does make sense. It does. It was like, there was no answer. It was just like you, wow. This is to, I thought I saw this with Obama too. You have to, like, especially for people who are kind of new to power, right? Like not Nancy Pelosi or Joe Biden or Mitch McConnell, people who have been in these positions for decades. Mike Johnson went from a very back bench member of Congress to the third in line who controls the, the House of Representatives. You can only imagine the instant, just unlimited amount of pressure that comes from multiple directions to force him to align himself with whatever the agenda is of the people who rule Washington.


Same thing happened with Obama. I believed Obama when he talked for two years when running for president about how he's a constitutional law professor, how he believes so much in the core rights of the constitution, like KBS corpus, the right to contest your imprisonment, to have evidence presented against you by a place like Guantanamo and elsewhere, how he wanted to uproot the worst abuses of the bush Hinney war and terror. Then he gets into office and not only doesn't uproot them, but he starts extending them because again, these generals come, including the ones he likes who went to Princeton, like David Petraeus, you know, the ones who dazzle Obama and give him secret briefings about all the blood that's gonna be on his hands if he does any of the changes. He spent two years promising and then suddenly on a dime he switches. And there's a lot of other pressure You can imagine as well, like the stick, as you said.


And anyone who thinks that this is, that our intelligence agencies are above these kinds of things, the naivete required to believe that is, Well, they're not above the, that's of course They've done it. This is their currency. It's just amazing having spent, you know, all this time in Washington with all these people I have just who I know, and by the way, in, in some cases, like Mike Johnson, I like it. You, you can't really reach another conclusion other than there's something very heavy duty going on behind the scenes, like really profound going on. And I just don't know why no one has ever emerged from the system to say what it is. Is there not one cor there are very few courageous people.


You're one of them mean, but there just aren't many in this world. Well, I mean, Why doesn't someone just c just call the, call these people out? One of The, one of the things that made Trump so threatening and that continues to make him so threatening is that in a lot of ways he was pulling the curtain. He is that guy. It's the fourth wall's coming down, right? Yeah. I mean, you know, he, he, I remember he, he, he just said openly. Yeah, like as a billionaire, as a businessman, I just gave a candidate, you know, $50,000 and then they would automatically accept my call and do whatever I told them to do. Like who, who says that in the top level of politics? Like, Hey, you're, I'm running for president. I want you to know here's how the system works. You give a lot of money to some place that these lawmakers tell you to donate money to, and then they do whatever you want.


They do your bidding. When in that 2016 debate, when he started rallying against the evil and the stupidity of the Iraq war, because his principal opponent at the time was Jeb Bush, who was backed by the establishment and the audience started booing, you know, as though the America was rising up in defense of the Bush family. He was like, oh, these seats here, these are all the big Republican donors. That's the only people who are booing me because they're supporting Jeb Bush. And that's, I, have you ever been to a debate as I know you have? That's exactly how it is. Of course, the big Don of course, both parties, they put their big donors, the, the partisans of course, right, of course. Right behind where they get, where their audience here only their reaction. So Trump constantly was sort of doing that.


Here's how things really work. And then once he started getting targeted by these agencies, by the CI, the FBI, starting with Russiagate, but the steel dossier, what Jim Comey did, leaking that to the media and then all those investigations, that's why he started saying, these intelligence agencies are corrupted to their core. They're filled with people who have their own politicized agenda. They were supposed to have an elected leader, democratically elected leader who supervises these branches and these agencies and the executive branch and their duty is to carry out his policies. But they don't, they subverted his policies, they sabotaged them because they didn't agree with them. They were like their own branch of government. Completely powerful. And he's the first one, I guess, since Dwight Eisenhower who tried to warn of this on his way out, after spending eight years, and obviously the intelligence community and military industrial companies was way smaller when Dwight Eisenhower tried to warn of how much of a threat it was to democracy and his farewell address, it was before Vietnam, before the real buildup of the Cold War, obviously before nine 11, they're, they're sprawling now.


They're, they're almost impossible to even analyze or quantify. And Trump is the only one who's trying to say, these institutions are radically corrupted at their root. They're rotted. And that's why he's trying to choose People. You know, he picks some like comfortable institutionalists and status quo perpetuators like Marco Rubio, Elise Nik, John Ratcliffe, people like that. Just to give Washington a sense of, okay, there's some people here we're, we're good with, but then the people that he picked who are, share his view that these institutions require radical overhaul. They're just undemocratic, unaccountable, corruptive. Yeah. There are three of them. Those are the ones they're trying to destroy. Well, there's, there's Sey, there's Matt Gates, there's RFK Junior and a little bit to some extent Pete Hegseth.


I mean, he's not really ideologically unaligned, but the problem is, is that he doesn't come from the Pentagon bureaucracy. Right? That's what they care about most. That's a trillion dollar agency. You know, how many wheels that grease is in Raytheon and Boeing in general dynamics, that's what they care about most, is making sure that money goes where it's supposed to go. That's why they're concerned about him. But the people who aren't the ones that Kamal could have picked easily are the ones who they're most out to destroy, because that's what these power, permanent power factions are, is they are their own government And they wield the most power. And they have sure considered Mike Johnson. No threat at all, though. It's like, let's take 'em and do what we have to do. But you Wonder, like just, I don't know.


I mean, look, these guys are under pressure that, you know, we probably can't imagine, you know, if somebody knew the thing you were most embarrassed about, that would destroy your life and make your kids not like you or whatever. I'm not speaking of Johnson specifically, but I, I know a couple of people who I know are compromised in the US government, and I sort of feel sad for them because how'd you like to be in that position? But it, it does, all it would take is one brave man to give a press conference. You know, there was actually a guy, KKI Roberts' father, Hale Boggs, who stood up in Congress. He was this majority leader in about 19 seven. He was on the Warren Commission, And he didn't buy the, did not buy the conclusions at all.


And he told other people that he was from Louisiana, And he stood up and made some noises about on the, on the floor of the house, about how the CIA was, you know, doing things they were not supposed to do in domestic politics and had unchecked power, et cetera. And he was immediately denounced as mentally ill, probably an alcoholic. And then he disappeared in a plane crash with Beit in 1972 in Alaska. The plane was never seen again. So, I mean, look, I'm not saying that he was, he was murdered for that though. You know, I would not at all be surprised if he was, but why is he the last guy to say anything like that? Like, Well, because he died in a plane crash and was declared mentally, maybe. No, but I mean, this is the thing is, you know, I remember doing the snow in reporting when there was all this controversy about government spying on people.


And the big reaction that I got that had been cultivated for a long time, not just by the government, but by Facebook, mark Zuckerberg famously said, privacy is an archaic value or whatever. Don't worry about privacy anymore. People were saying, I don't have anything to hide. Like, I'm not a terrorist, I'm not a pedophile. I don't care what, what my government is spying on me. And I would always say, everybody has things to hide. There are things that you don't tell anybody. There are things you only tell your psychiatrist, only your spouse, only your best friend. Things that you don't want about people to know that you're petrified if everybody knew about you. Of course, we, we are private. We need, we we're social animals. We need connection to, to society and other people, but we're also create privacy.


Without privacy. We go insane. And There's no freedom without privacy. None. Because that's where dissent and creativity and exploration and a rejection of societal morays, that's where it resides. And, and in the private realm, without that, if you're just being surveilled and watched all the time, that breeds conformity. And so everybody needs privacy. Everybody values it. Everybody has something to hide. And the ability to surveil people to know everything about, I think what what actually happens is we're so inculcated from birth to have this very idealistic image of our country and our government. And in some ways it's valid. Like I think I revere the constitution, you know, I like went to school to study it, and that I went to practice it.


Like I believe in its values, like I think it's a genius document I do too. Comes from the enlightenment. Like just, I mean, just a very like intellectually based, philosophically based idea of how it was constructed, like very carefully. And there are things very good about the United States, but if you think that the most powerful country on the planet, the richest and most powerful country arguably ever to exist doesn't have at its core in terms of the people who run it, people who are willing to do anything to preserve their power, to augment their power. Again, it just takes a kind of naivete that's almost impossible to fathom. People Risk death every single day in this country to rob liquor stores for $300.


So you can't tell me that control of a trillion dollar federal agency or of a multi-trillion dollar government with, you know, vast nuclear. Nuclear or it's Just the power to, to decide who gets bombed where wars Start. That's, that's what I'm saying, the the most powerful institution in human history Doesn't have sinister things going on. Yeah. What people do to control that. No, the stakes are very high. And I think the closer you are to it, the more often you forget that you're like, oh, it's just secretary of whatever, who cares? Well, there's, you know, people care, understandably. There's a, people will do anything for power and money. Wow, that's so distressing. Did you, in your reporting, and I always forget that, you know, you were behind the Snowden thing, and Thank you for that.


What a wonderful guy he is. But did you ever get any hint of what the pressure is that's applied to politicians to comply and obey? Yeah. Well, first of all, I do think, like we were just talking about like people who why don't people stand up? Like Edward Snow is a perfect example of somebody who believed the mythology of the government, believed in, you know, he went to enlist in order to fight in Iraq. He broke both of his legs. He couldn't join the military. So he went to work for the Ccia A and the NSA because he really believed in the, and then what he saw was so horrifying, was so corrupting, was so deceitful that he risked his life and his liberty, which to this day, he's deprived of, to inform everybody about what was going on by stealing under their nose documents that he could give to reporters, so that reporters could tell the world what was happening.


That is kind of an example of that level of courage of somebody saying, here's what's going on. What Snowden gave us was a tiny picture of what the NSA does. So obviously, if there had been in there like specific Blackmail sort of documents about how they were spying on particular politicians, that's something we would've, you know, reported on very aggressively and, and very early on. So I can't say I saw that, but what I did see is all sorts of incidents of people at the NSA abusing their authority to spy on people who they had no right to be spying on, including sometimes, you know, just things as trivial as like ex-girlfriends or family members, but also when in other countries they wanted to impede or harm somebody, they spied on those people all the time and use that information in part to gain power over them.


So of course, who, how can you expect human beings to resist that level of power when it's all operating in the dark?


Strong families are built on strong foundations, and it all begins with what you bring into your home. It's hard though because big pharma and the processed food industry have spent decades putting you and your loved ones at risk, pushing toxic, harmful products that make you sick, that have made our country sick. It's not a guess that's happened. So it's well past time that someone decided to help you fight back. Public Square is doing that. Public square is the leading family marketplace where you will find clean, healthy products sourced from American small businesses that actually share your values with Christmas right around the corner. Now is the time to abandon the corporate food conglomerates in favor of something better, healthier, more pure. Make the switch, dock your home with the quality essentials and shop for gifts your whole family will love. And it's easy public square.com/tucker and You can get started public square.com/tucker.


So, I mean, You can, You can't have anything like representative government with that system in place. The, the, the whole idea of having a national security apparatus, an intelligence community that operates in complete secrecy and that just does what it does permanently without end and constantly expands its authorities and powers because there's no political gains and It's budgets which are classified And it's budgets, which nobody, you know, that was one of the things we actually were able to see was the black book of the intelligence budget. And we were putting on the things that, you know, we thought were, were newsworthy about that there's zero transparency to any of this. There's no oversight.


You technically have like oversight in Congress, in the Senate, these senate intelligence committees, these select committees that were created after the Church commission found all these, you know, what the Church commission found just by itself, you know, CIA developments of medications to try and like, you know, make people lose control of their brains or inject people with diseases like really sinister dark stuff that the CIA was doing that nobody knew about, not even The president, they just did it on their own. It was a discovery of a secret government inside the government. So the idea was, well, we need at least some oversight. This oversight, they tell nothing to these committees. The people who get put on those committees are people who are the ones who most support these intelligence committees.


It was run in the Senate for years by Diane Feinstein. Her husband was a military contractor. She was embedded in these agencies. She defended everything that they did. The one time she questioned them, which was when she wanted to investigate the use of torture in the CIA, John Brennan, CIA spied on Diane Feinstein and on her entire staff, he got caught doing it. He lied and said he didn't, he finally admitted that it was done. He apologized And there were no repercussions. Like, let's buy guns. We gun go Google John Brennan spying on Diane Einstein. I'll never, I'll never forget it. And when that story first broke, it was years ago, it was at least 10 years, it Was under the Obama. He was CI director under Obama. And I remember thinking, I don't think the CI would ever dare spy on the select committee, on the Senate Oversight Committee of the Ccia a of the Intel community.


I mean, I can't imagine they would have the balls to do something like that. That's insane. But I, I had no idea. And they did it on somebody who was one of their most, their blind dis loyalists. The one time she stepped a little bit out of line because she wanted to investigate exactly what happened in the torture program. So at that point, like, why don't you, why have people put up with that? I mean, I guess Frank Church did die of incredibly fast acting cancer. So maybe that's why, I mean, people must be afraid. 'cause you'd think out of 435, 535 with the Senate, there'd be somebody, it was like, this is not democracy. This is totally immoral. Like, I'm gonna just stand up and take them on. Like, But, but, but Tucker just, just let's say that, you know, people had things on you that would, as you put it, destroy your reputation, make your kids think very poorly of you, would embarrass you for the rest of your life, would destroy whatever you value in life.


It takes a very rare person to say, ah, f it, I'm going to risk that happening. And, you know, I think we have this self-preservation tactic. That's why those kind of things like Blackmail, extortion are so effective is because they can force people to No, I think Behaviors, I think you're, you're, you're right. It's The, the look at how much these like sexual misconduct allegations are used when Julian Assange really got dangerous. Of course, suddenly out of nowhere appeared two women claiming that he quote unquote rape them because the allegation was they had consensual sex with him, but he didn't use a condom when they had not given their consent to no condom.


And that became rape under Swedish law. That's what forced him to the Ecuadorian embassy and led to everything that happened subsequently now with Matt Gates. The minute Matt Gates, Pete had said too, like, out of nowhere appears this alleged rape that nobody had heard about, that nobody knew about. It's always the thing that always amazes me. This is actually The best example in case anybody thinks, oh, our government doesn't do that. When Daniel Ellsberg leaked the Pentagon Papers to the New York Times and the Washington Post, and I remember when I first heard about this, I was kind of confounded about why this happened. Obviously they were saying the normal things you say about people like that. Like, oh, he is a Soviet asset. He hates America. He put troops in harm's way because he showed the public that the government was lying for years about the Vietnam War.


Like inside they were saying, we can never win out externally, they were saying we're on the verge of winning. But what they also did, and it's the only reason Daniel's Berg ended up free that's right, is they broke into his psychoanalysts office because they wanted to steal all the documents about his most intimate admissions to a psychoanalyst about his psychosexual life and fantasies, because that was the weapon of choice that they wanted to use to destroy him. You, that's a fact. The Nixon administration broke into the psychoanalysts office of Daniel Ellsberg when they couldn't find the documents they planned to break in at the guy's house. And that was, they finally put a stop to that. But they did break into a psychoanalysts office.


And only because of that government misconduct did the judge dismiss the charges against Burg who otherwise was headed to prison for the rest of his life. Why would that be a response to a whistleblower revealing to the press that then revealed to the public that the government was systematically lying about the Vietnam War? It's because if You can have that information over somebody and then use it against them, you destroy, I remember when, when it happened with Julian Assange, no one wanted anything to do with Julian Assange anymore. No one wanted to mention his name. It's just like, Ooh, this person's guilty of, of accused of rape. I just don't want anything to do with that. So if you could have shown that Daniel Alberg had this fantasy, or had done this or had done that in the intimacy and privacy of his own life, it just, everybody would've wanted to avoid it.


It's totally, It's totally true. Did you ever find yourself on the wrong end of any of that since you were very high profile? I mean, I think the important thing is that if you want to confront the government, if you want to spill secrets, if you want to bring unwanted transparency, which happens to be the job of a journalist, I know people forget that, but that is the job of a journalist. Yeah. If you go into journalism, that's what you're supposed to try to do. You have to, as best You can, guard against that. Like you have to protect yourself, make sure that your own house is in order as much as possible, because that will be a huge vulnerability.


But as I said before, everything has, everyone has things to hide. There's no one who doesn't. 100%. And and it's also true that if, you know, you get really attacked in a, in a scary way, you don't wanna talk about it. I mean, I feel, I feel that I, I've been, that has happened, you know, not sex stuff, but I've definitely felt a lot of pressure. And you don't, you don't want to, you know, You don't wanna Talk about, it's not just sex stuff. Yeah. There's, there's, it's not just sex stuff. All sorts of things in our past that we do that were embarrassed By the, but did you ever worry the Intel Agencies would try and hurt you? Yeah, I mean, Dumb question. This, Here's the thing. Like I, you know, I think a lot of people remember, but my husband, who's now deceased, but at the time he went to Germany because there was a part of the archive that was corrupted and we knew there was a lot of important doctors there.


Yes, I remember there. Yes. And it was with Laura Pores, and she, using her genius had figured out how to access it. No one else could, but she didn't trust anybody, including the guardian to give it to, to bring to me. The only person she trusted was David. I couldn't travel outside Brazil. 'cause I, there was a concern that I would be arrested by the us so I had to stay in Brazil so only David could go and get those documents. And the way we talked about it was in a very secure secret way where we were using the highest levels of encryption at the time that Snowden insisted on. And when David went to Germany, he came back home through Heathrow. But at Heathrow, the British arrested him and detained him and threatened to prosecute him under an anti-terrorism law. And the only reason they let him out was because the Brazilian government, it became a huge story in Brazil.


The Brazilian government was like, give us back our citizen immediately. And so they let him go. And then David sued the British government over human rights abuses because they were detaining him for journalism. And the British government said in their papers, when they defended their actions, we knew exactly what he was doing in Germany. We knew exactly what he was carrying. And that's the reason why we detained him. Because we wanted to prevent this, these secret documents from getting out into the public because it harms British national security. Now obviously we got the archive anyway, and we reported on those documents, but they admitted they knew and were listening to our conversations about why he was going there. They knew when he was going there, they, everything was being tracked. And so, when, you know, did You ever figure out how I knew they were using, I mean, part of the reporting that we did was that the NSA had cracked even the most sophisticated levels of encryption.


So things that people thought were safe, there's nothing a hundred percent foolproof. And at the time, we were among the most watched people in the world because we had in our hands the most sensitive secrets from the world's most powerful government that we were going around the world publishing to inform people of journalistically. And so of course, we knew where we were being spied on by probably a lot of people. It's just the British were forced to admit it. And when you get that confirmation as opposed to like a belief or suspicion, the level of invasiveness you feel is hard to express because they're not just listening to the parts of your conversations where you're talking about the Snowden documents. Oh, I, oh, I know. Oh, I know firsthand.


Yeah, no, I know. Yeah. I mean, you had private conversations leaked as well when you were trying to interview President Putin. But we got Lot followed and had massive problems with Ukrainian intel service, et cetera, et cetera. It, but it's not about me. I don't hold any institutional power. It's just interesting. If you see what happens in your own life, just by talking about it, I haven't done anything ever. Just sit around the studio, talk to people. But you know, you see the pressure they apply to you. Like what would it be like to be, you know, the chairman of the Intel committee or the Speaker of the House or The President of the United States? Exactly. I mean, I can't even imagine. And it just shows you what a remarkable person Trump is. He is just so, he's weirdly resistant to that stuff.


And that is, that's why they hate Him. I mean, remember all the stuff that came out in the 2016 when they thought he might win, like the H Access Hollywood tape that came outta nowhere. And I'm, you know, the Stormy Daniel stuff, you know, they threw everything out there. And Trump is, is a very rare person who's just kind of shameless. Like he doesn't feel a sense of shame. And he doesn't back down, no matter what He goes, he gets more aggressive against people who tried to force him to, it's just his instinct. It's who he is. I watched him for many decades when I was a lawyer in New York when he was a, you know, big real estate vocal, constantly being sued in lawsuits. Everybody knew how he was. And that's what is so threatening about him.


It's not his ideology or his belief of the fact that you think he's Russia. Of course, it's the fact that he's immigration racism all, or that he's raised, right. None of no one cares about that. No one believes that it's the fact that he's immune to the type of control that for decades they've been able to impose on people who wield any power, let alone the power of the presidency. Well just type the, the, the current state of US Russia relations or the war that we're about to, like, how do you, how do you think this ends? I mean, if you're sitting in Moscow, obviously if there's a barrage of weapons, you know, aimed at Moscow, St.


Petersburg, your major cities, that's one thing. If there's a limited number of missiles aimed in kis, where, you know, right. Ukrainian forces are, that's another, and obviously they know what we talked about, which is that in about seven weeks, there's gonna be a new American president with whom they've dealt extensively and despite claims that he's some sort of, you know, lacky of Putin, he basically did the two things that were most threatening to Russian interest. He, he sent lethal arms to Ukraine after Obama refused to Trump did. I didn't agree with it, but that's what he did. And what he did, even more so that was more threatening, damaging to Russia, is he spent years trying to badger the Europeans right out of the Nord Stream two pipeline them on energy.


Exactly. He was like, why would you be buying gas from Russia? You're getting dependent on Russia, and we're the ones who pay for your protection. You should be buying it from us. That's the Nord selling natural gas to Europe was the anchor, the key to Russian vital interest. And Trump threatened those vital interests continuously. So the idea, like anyone who's even a little bit rationally thinking would understand that this claim that he's being blackmailed by Putin, while at the same time he's simultaneously doing the two most threatening things to Russian vital national interests, you would immediately recognize what a, a fictitious claim that was. No, he's being blackmailed by the US Intel Agencies. And In fact, more so our government is the fascist state that they claim Russia is. Exactly. So, unfortunately, so, and that's not to say Russians so distressing, but, but so I think they know that, you know, they obviously know Trump's coming in and, And they feel like he wants to go in a different direction with the war.


And so Even those, there is gonna be pressure on Putin as there would be on the United States and any other country to respond in kind to NATO in the United States now bombing Russia, basically, I think as long as it's limited, as long as it stays limited to kis, as long as it's not, you know, in large numbers, knowing that Trump is coming into office, I think they understand that that's an opportunity to try and end this war without its escalation. I hope, again, as you said, we're depending on Putin's restraint and rationality. So


Is Christmas really about buying stuff? You'll be forgiven if you assumed it is. 'cause that's the message you receive. But most people sense deep down there may be a little bit more to Christmas. Maybe this is the time of year to focus on growing your relationship with God to remember there is a God and reach out to that God. Well, to do that, You can check out Hallow, the Hallow app and its Advent Pray 25 Challenge. Hallow is the world's number one prayer meditation app. And for good reason. It's amazing, it's fantastic. We use it. We're proud to use it this advent. We highly recommend you join Hallows Prayer Challenge for God so loved the world. Boy, that'll put meaning in your Christmas for sure. You've got spiritual stories, reflections, musics testimonies. It's really well done. You're not gonna get it anywhere else in as easy a form. Just go to Hallow, download it, and bam, it's right there. So this is an opportunity to be transformed by God this Christmas. Don't wait, get there three free months right now. When you sign up at Hallow dot com slash tucker, my wife comes home and tells me all about it every day. Spend this Christmas working on something that matters, your relationship with God. Maybe the only thing that matters, we hope you will Hallow.


So among the many people Donald Trump has spoken to since winning a week and a half ago, is Joe and Mika and Joe Scarborough. Mika Brozinsky. They have a very low rated show on M-S-N-B-C, which I do think has outsized influence. The numbers are really, are small people In Washington watch it. That's exactly it. That's exactly right. And so I think the show does have influence. Like I disagree with every single word ever uttered on that show, but I don't think it's totally insignificant. You know, it's not Joy Reed. So they went to Mar-a-Lago to meet with Trump, like, what do you make? And then now they're saying, well, we went because we were afraid that we're gonna be persecuted if we didn't kiss the ring or something.


Like what? No, it's what their excuses even more pathetic, which is we journalists, you have to go and talk to the people in power. We're journalists. But I think those two in particular are singularly pathetic. And I realize saying singularly pathetic in the context of employees of corporate media seems like a designation that no one deserves alone. But I think in their case they really merit that distinction because I think like most of the people who work in corporate media like the Rachel Maddows and like the Lauren o' Donalds and the Donald Lemons and those kind of people, I think they believe all the insane unhinged stuff. Like I think they really believe that. Like Yeah, I, I think that's right. Trump is a Russian agent that Putin is blackmailing him, that Trump wants to like put them in camps.


Like, I think it's insane, but like credit for at least actually saying what they really believe is as preposterous and laughable as it is. Joe Scarborough has no beliefs. Yes, that's true. Other than his own advancement and self-importance. Okay, let's remember in the 1990s, he was elected not as a Republican congressman, but as a radical conservative one fire. Yeah. With the whole new Gingrich, like young Firebrands were gonna go in and like radically reformed the re you know, change the, the country and, and Washington. No more of that anywhere in Joe Scarborough, like this radical transformation of institutional power. And then as Meg Kelly said, no show did more to boost Donald Trump in 2015 and 2016 in the, in the pre in the Republican primary than Joe and Mika.


They were down at Mar-a-Lago all the time. They loved Trump. They were best friends with Trump. They laughed with him. They let him call another show all the time part 'cause it was very beneficial to, to the, that show. It was the only thing that rated he Trump saved all their jobs, but they also loved just being proximate to power like that. Oh yeah. That's the thing that they crave most. And then once what really happened was Scarborough thought that he was gonna be chosen as Trump's vice president. He really wanted to, and when Trump rejected him in favor of Mike Pence and then also M-S-N-B-C turned into this fanatical anti-Trump network where the only people who watched were Trump haters at both at a personal front, but also out of survival.


They had to turn into a full on Trump hating show. You couldn't have the morning show of three hours be someone positive toward or neutral about Trump when the whole rest of the network, everyone who watched, may I just ask You to pause for a sec, I'm just adjusting this Scarborough, who I used to know really well, he thought he was gonna be Vp. Yeah, yeah. That's what they remember. How close they I No, I remember that. I didn't know. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. He, that's, you should come To the United States more often. I learn a lot. I think my distance is what enables me to, to learn things. So yeah, that was a big part of it. And but also it was survival at M-S-N-B-C. And so they turned into these, you know, Joe Scarborough, Mr. Radical, conservative, let's Change all of Washington work became Mr.


Institutionalist. You know, the people he had on a show were like Richard Haas and like Norm Ornstein, like all these worst, these like council on foreign relations dumb think takes people who obs who were obsessed with hating Trump as well. And it became ground zero for Trump as Hitler. They were saying as recently as two months ago or a month ago, like Trump is comparable to Adolf Hitler. He is a Nazi figure. Nika Brezinski went on the view and cried and said, Trump wants to murder women. Women are gonna die because of Donald Trump. He's a fascist, he's a racist. They said it every day over and over and then Trump wins. And their whole influence was because they were Joe Biden's favorite show. Joe Biden would wake up, but like 6:00 AM like many geriatrics do.


'cause he went to bed at like 7:00 PM And he would watch Morning Joe, and then he would hear, you know, Joe Biden is the greatest president in FDR Joe Scarborough said that he personally can assure the country, having spent so much time around Joe Biden that he's sharper than ever. He runs intellectual circles around all the Republicans were claiming that he's cognitively impaired. There's like a month before the debate he was saying that. So of course they, Joe Biden watched that show every day. That's what gave Joe Scarborough his sense of importance was like, oh, I'm close to the White House. He was at the White House all the time. Now Biden's gone, Biden's not an asset anymore. Trump is back in power. And one of the things that has happened amazingly since the, since Kala's Loss, is that the M-S-N-B-C audience, which is already tiny, has basically completely disappeared.


Like the number of people watching those shows when they're live in prime time with that big gigantic corporate power behind them promoting it. It's, it's less than a lot of like YouTube shows including like, oh wait, wait, yeah. Including like, I don't mean like the cumulative audience of how many people watch YouTube or YouTube video At the end of the day, I just mean live watching like Dan Bonino show has, I think Un Rumble has like five or six or seven times more Oh for sure viewers than MSNBC's Pride Time. This is on Rumble, you know, which a lot of people don't even know about, don't even watch that audience is gone in part because they feel disillusioned that the people they trusted who told them Trump was going to prison, the whole Trump family was going to prison.


Trump could never win. He was gonna be in jail, but for the election, all the women were gonna rise up and vote for Kamala out of anger toward Trump. None of that happened. And they're like, I've been watching this show every day for nothing. It was, I was, it, I I like none of it happened. None of it was true. And that audience is gone half out of disillusionment anger, but half out of just like kind of checking out through impotence and helplessness. And I think that they're desperate. The only way they think they can get people to come back on is to have Trump come back on their show And they, Trump is gonna make them crawl around on the floor multiple times. Bark like a dog. Yeah. They were like, Joe and Miko were like, Trump was incredibly cheerful and happy.


Of course he was. He loves seeing you humiliate yourself because you know, he knows you need them. Now, I Don't think that, you know, weekly interview with Trump, which is not gonna happen anyway. But even if it did was gonna save M-S-N-B-C No, because Who would watch it? Because no conservatives are gonna trust that show or M-S-N-B-C and no liberals wanna see M-S-N-B-C host. Do you know how angry liberals are about just even the fact that Joe and Mika went to, to Mar-a-Lago? So who, who's the audience for that? They're caught like Liz Cheney. Like, you know, I have to say of all the reasons I'm so grateful that Kamala lost seeing Democrats turn on Liz Cheney and seeing her stranded between the parties in No Man's Lands.


It's The best it, honestly, I can't, there was a piece by John Nichols in the Nation today. I don't read the Nation much anymore, but you know, occasionally the nation is like kind of true to itself. Not always, but sometimes I don't agree with it. But John Nichols wrote this piece about Kamala Harris say, where he, He goes through like all the places that she went with Liz Cheney went with Kamala Harrison. Like not only did it not work, she turned off Republicans. Like the idea was, you know, we, we've got Liz Cheney campaigning with us, a lot of Republicans, they're like, Donald Trump will vote for us. It's like just the opposite happened, You know? It, it was so predictable and so obvious at the Time. It was predictable Also. Like what made Commonwealth campaign, like for the six seconds that it seemed like it had some like air to it.


Yes. Was this like vibrancy of young People, you know, like celebrating the emergence. Right, Right, right. Yeah, totally. And so you then take Liz Cheney and like send Bill Clinton to Michigan to like lecture everybody in the Muslim community. And Ude party hates you because you've been us buying Israel about how the Israelis are totally right. And it's all the, the fault of the Arabs. And then you take Liz, Dick Cheney's daughter, it's so rude with you through the Rust Belt, where like all those policies devastated their lives, all those wars. And you think Liz do think about, I mean this is the thing, think about how out of touch and cloistered and in a bubble, you have to be to think that you're gonna win an election depending on people who are in the working class, who feel alienated from society, who feel like DC doesn't work for you by taking the daughter of like the face of the American establishment, Dick Cheney around with you as if she's your running mate.


And people are craving change. And you have sitting there with Liz Cheney like the, who people only know because she's, she was the vice president's daughter. Her, her dad was Dick Cheney. And not just Dick Cheney, but somebody who supports a whole range of policies that Americans vehemently reject now. And I think that's more than anything what people, like people in media have finally had to come to grips with is, first of all, it's good that Liz Cheney actually isn't the Secretary of Defense or Secretary of State. That also is good. Even those, there are a couple of people in Trump's campaign who have very similar views, like yes, mark Ruby, Liz Cheney, but, and, and Elise Demon. But we be that as aside, it's good that Liz Cheney specifically is not any of those positions. But I think The best thing is that you have all these people inside these cloistered bubbles in Washington who really thought that they were the conscience of the nation, the voice of the nation.


And not only were they applauding the decision to take Liz Cheney, but they have been spending eight years claiming that Donald Trump is a white supremacist who wants to put minorities in camp. And not only did Donald Trump win the election, but there was millions of non-white voters Oh yeah. Who for the first time left the Democratic Party Yeah. And went to vote for Trump. So imagine you've wasted eight years of your life screaming and screeching like a petulant bird who has been like, shot Donald Trump's a racist. He the fascist he hates, he only likes white people. And then you watch millions of Latino people and, and black people and Asian people and Muslims refuse to vote for Kamala Harris, you obviously, you're like, I have no influence at all.


I'm completely out of touch. Well, but it's so good to know that about yourself. I mean, that's happened to me by the way. They're all kind of vehemently opposed to abortion, which I think is like horrifying and, but lots of people don't agree with me. And so I see this, you know, Roe v. Wade comes down and you see these ballot initiatives and say, you know, we're gonna allow abortion till birth. And I'm like, wow, I'm so glad it's up for a vote. And then it turns out the voters just don't agree with me at all. I, and Even in red states. It's true. It's true. Like, that was hard for me to accept because I am, I never talked about it, but I was just so, I'm so sincere on the subject. I'm just, I'm not for abortion period. And so, but you have to be real, like, okay, sometimes people agree with you, sometimes they don't. But there's something about the democratic base, which really is just basically just like unhappy college educated white ladies.


That's really who it is. Honestly. Honestly. I mean, And they, they say that they're like, we're, we're relying on affluent women in the suburbs. That's their Base. But that's exactly, but the unhappy ones, I mean, I'm related to some happy ones that are not voting for Kamala Harris, but the unh the ones who are sort of disappointed in their husbands that are in their lives or whatever. I get it. I'm not being mean, but it's just true. But they should know that they're in the subset of a subset and that not everyone agrees to them. I think that's the beginning of wisdom. I mean, it has been for me. Like not everyone agrees with me. That's okay. I know. But the thing is, like you were just saying, you read the nation sometimes. Yeah. I go outta my way to read everything. Everybody Yeah, me too. Like, you know, I try and have people in my lives who have very different views. Yes. On, you know, I have a lot of people in my life in Brazil, for example, who worship Lua.


I have a lot of people in my life who hate Louis worship, Bolsonaro people who are in between. I want that. Like, I want hear of course constantly from you wanna be challenged all the time. Not be ossified. I'm telling you, I know a lot of these people, I used to be on M-S-N-B-C all the time. I've been friends with lot of the people who, who do they hate? Of course, you know, though, Oh, they despise me with burning passion. But in part because nobody hates things more than no one. The person always most hated as the one perceived as the heretic. Of course. Yeah. You know, but I I, but I was never really on their side in the way that they thought, actually. Anyway. But anyway, it doesn't matter. The, I I know a lot of these people and what has happened on M-S-N-B-C is that, or, or places like the New York Times op-ed page, similar, people who support Trump don't exist in that world.


There's not one op-ed page writer at the New York Times of the dozens who is a Trump supporter. Even those half the country is more than how the country is. Right. Like Ross DHA is like the person closest to like, sort of understanding the Trump movement. But he certainly doesn't like Donald Trump at all. And other than that, they just don't have, it doesn't exist in the world. There's nobody ever on MSN BBC on their shows who brings that perspective of why they support Donald Trump. So if you're only talking to people who are like-minded, and a lot of them have now left Twitter trying to go to some other platform where only they're only there. Yeah. They don't wanna, they really don't wanna hear any descent. And you're living a certain kind of life, you know, they're well paid. They like are cloistered in these like affluent places in the United States, like in the, on, in the east coast like Brooklyn and, and Manhattan and Washington and Northern Virginia.


How do you not realize that the life you're leading is so fundamentally different from the people on whose behalf you claim to be speaking. Right. And I do think a lot of them, Even those, they're gonna resist it and battle it have to swallow this election as a complete repudiation of not just themselves, but their entire purpose in life. Their entire function. Do you think that they, I mean, Again, I just wanna say how nonjudgmental I feel about this. That has happened to me. I've been fired, I have found my views repudiated by the public at large. Those are very important moments to me personally. They made me a better person. So I am hoping that they internalize the pain and learn from it. Do you think they will?


Yeah. I mean like, what what always amazes me is like, you know, I really did grow up like in a working class environment, but like my whole life that was You're The only one. Yeah. No, I mean, there are other people who grew up like, you know, I wasn't like poor, but I was not even near middle Class. Didn't your mom work at McDonald's? Yeah, my mom worked at McDonald's. She, like, my parents got divorced when I was seven. My father was an accountant. He had three marriages. Well, actually You are alone. Like, I don't know anybody. And I mean this, I don't know anybody in journalism. I know people whose mom worked at McDonald's. I don't know anyone in journalism whose mom worked at McDonald's. You don't? Well, I, I'm just, I I guess my point is that, like, of course that shaped me for a long time, but I realize now that that's not my life any longer. Like, and it hasn't been for, you know, 10 years, 15 years. Like my life has been very separate from that.


So I have a great amount of humility about my ability to speak for people who have a different kind of life. Because you're, of course, the way you live shapes your perspective. Oh yeah. Shapes your understanding, shapes your priorities. And it amazes me that these people don't have that humility at all. And so I I think they're resisting it. Like they're, you know, that was what Obama did remember when he was like, yeah, I know there's a lot of black men who don't wanna vote for Kamala, who are gonna vote for Trump. That's 'cause you all hate women and you're misogynist. And then they're basically saying the reason a lot of Latino women, What an arrogant douche bag to say something like that. And he, you know, and there's a perfect example. Like he spends all his time and like Richard Branson's yacht. Yeah, I know. And you know, just with the highest level of jet set.


And then he thinks he's gonna go and speak to like black working class men. If you Disagree with me, you're a bigot. That's like, that's such a crazy place to start any conversation. It's So alienating. And I think, I think this kind of condescension that. But the other thing is like, the main argument is that like, they're all stupid. Like they're victims of disinformation. They're misled. They have all these alternative media they're listening to that don't have the controls. That app with us with. They, they're, they're getting fall, you know, basically they're stupid. They're, they're like, they're easily misled. They're gullible. So either they're racist it or misogynist or stupid. That's their explanation. That's the thing they're clinging to, you know, like, oh, they don't realize how good they had it under Biden, how great the economy is, how much Kamala Harris and Joe Biden did for them.


They just don't, 'cause they were told that it was untrue. They can't figure it out for their, on their own, like the condescension reed out of like, just, it oozes out of every pore of their being. And then they wonder why people despise them and their culture and their subculture. It's who, who wants that? It is nauseating. But despite, so what I'm saying is that they're not, they don't have the attitude you had, which is like, oh, it's actually good to be humbled, to like realize that things that you thought about the world need to be reevaluated. There's no self-criticism, no reflection. In fact, every Democrat thinks like, oh yeah, I know why we lost. It's been what I was saying all along. None of them are saying that, but you know, they're like, Democrats did this and Kamala did that.


You know, they all are trying to pretend that if people had just listened to them, the Democrats would've won. Even those all on. They were like, oh, Kamala's running the most brilliant campaign ever. But what I'm saying is, is that the result is so overwhelming, so kind of pointed and devastating to their world of view. As I said, I think the thing that has really shaken them the most, Even those, they're fighting it, they're not embracing it, they're fighting it, but they can't, is that so many non-white voters Oh yeah. Are, and, and Trump made huge gains in almost every non-white sector of society. I mean, Trump was saying that New Jersey and New York are swing states, and people were laughing at him, And he only lost New Jersey by five points and did The best any Republican has done in, in, in New York City in many, many years because of how many black and Latino and of course, Asians and, and Muslims voted for Trump, non-white voters.


And so when that happens, like you don't even get to blame white people, but you, you, you have to accept that the people who you think you own, who have mindless loyalty to you, disobeyed you and didn't listen to you, that's what makes them feel really shaken inside. It's a, it's a slave revolt. And if you read the accounts of people who live through slave revolts, not just in the American South, but like in Haiti or you know, anywhere, they're always, wherever you have slavery, you've got slave revolts. At some point, they're always so shocked. Like they, they, they can't believe that like the nanny came after them with a knife. Like, I, we thought you loved us.


It's so crucial. Crucial to their worldview to believe you loved us. No, it's the, I mean, those people, central to their worldview is that they're benevolent leaders of these people. It's like that scene at the Animal House, Otis, he loves us. Sure he does. Drunk frat boy. Yeah. No, people always imagine that the people, they control their employees, their surfs love them. And what they need to understand, I think this is just true in life, is that the people subordinate to you, resent you. They may like you, but they also resent you. There's a mix. Just The, the subordinates alone breeds Resentment. That's what I'm, that's what I'm saying. Right. And it's one of the reasons you see hostility among women, toward men, just in general. It's not, not a defining characteristic, but there's a little bit of, there is a little bit of that.


It's if you're in ate sexual position. Right. You're like a little mad about it. I'm just, I'm sorry. I think that sorry to like channel Dr. Freud, but there's some truth in that. And I, I mean, it's what we were talking before about you, I, I've, I've said this so many times, like just if you belong to one of these so-called marginalized groups Yeah. That liberals think they own Yeah. And have an entitlement to control. You will never see more naked and unadorned bigotry. Oh my God. Contemptuous bigotry. Oh my gosh. Than you will see toward individuals within that group who disobey, obviously. Like I remember when I really started splitting from the left, I'd never had real homophobia in my entire life before. I only started seeing it like once I had that breach with the left.


Oh, Once, once you questioned, before you were a member of the L-B-G-Q-T community, right? Figure. Yeah, exactly. Exactly. And a pedophile, whatever, you know, all the things I, and then are you serious? Oh, yeah. And, and, and then, you know, like the, the way they have always talked about like, I'm sorry to laugh, Thomas. No, it's, it's, it's amazing. It's, it's hilarious the way they talk about Clarence Thomas. Oh, I, I know. And you know, any black person who's a, who's been a, a conservative, same with like women who are, you know, Gloria Steinem said about the people, the young women who were refusing to vote for Hillary and voting for Bernie. When asked like why they were doing that, she's like, 'cause young girls go where the boys are. You know, like the most demeaning, insulting thing You can say about women that they, they don't think on their own.


They just like mindlessly do whatever the boys are. Right. That. And so now you're seeing this like, oh yeah, like Latinos, like are very misogynistic and primitive. So are black men. They hate women. You know, they're easily misled. They're low information voters. You know, the amount of contempt that liberal elites have for these non-white voters who didn't do as they're told, is almost scary to see. Well, It's scary 'cause it's a psychological condition. That's of course why they hate whites that they've been, because they're losing the white vote. And the second they started to lose the white vote, then whites became the problem in the country. It's like, where's all this anti-white hate coming from? Well, it's coming from the Democratic party institutionally, because they're being rejected by white voters. Yeah. And they, they were ready to, they thought they were gonna get white women.


They're gonna get to embrace like white women were gonna rise up Exactly. And join them against Trump. But a majority of of white women voted for Trump. Incredible. So they're gonna get, I mean, I will say to his Hispanics in the United States, you're about to be the subject of a hate campaign because Oh, and like the thing, and, and Muslims too, who didn't wanna vote for Kamala because the percent, you know, because they were feeding Israel. I can't tell you how many times I've seen, I can't wait till you people are deported. I can't wait to see you blown up in Gaza. There's this sentiment like, you're gonna get what you deserve and I'm gonna laugh about it and I'm gonna gonna cheer it. Same with the, with Latinos. I can't wait till you're deported. You're gonna get what you deserve when your abuela is, is deported.


Like really sick stuff. Joy Reed, I'm not talking about obscure people on the internet. Like she's gone on the air almost Every night and talked that way. Attack, Attack The Hispanics. Yeah. The, the well, and, and and Muslims and Arabs. Well, So The best part about this is the language barrier. And very, so few liberals like even bother to listen to what people actually think or say. They just, they're not interested. You know, it's like they treat everyone like a 3-year-old, but when they find out the social views of your average Central American, which I find hilarious and kind of great, but whatever, leaving my views aside, the average social views of a central American just on the social issues are so far, Far out of What's considered acceptable.


Like, but they have no Idea. Which is so ironic because democratic strategists used to Oh, I know. Openly boast about what if you say you'll get called as a white supremacist of the replacement theory. Oh, oh. That oh, we're gonna import all these people into the United States, make them citizens and they're gonna be supporters of the Democratic party. And we're gonna re forever like a thousand years because these are all our voters. Yeah. And they get here And they find out that actually they, but, but I have to say, like there's a great article in New York Magazine, which is words that pass my lips very, very rarely where this writer who actually wrote a very critical profile of me like five years ago. So who is it? His name is Simon. I just, I, I just talked to him today about this article. 'cause it's a great article. I wish I'm, I'm embarrassed, I don't know his name, but I can't remember his last name.


It's hyphenated. So it's this little complicated. But anyway, I really recommend this article. He just went, what he did was he purposely went to black, Latino, Asian neighborhoods where there was a lot of Trump votes. And he just walked around on the street and talked to as many people as he could who voted for Trump about why. And what I think people don't understand is that the Latino and black NGO presidents who get put on tv, who are supposedly the but are Yeah. Have less in common Oh, with the people on whose behalf they're speaking. Oh. Than like the white host of these shows. Oh, way less. And so you go there certainly Less than me. I mean I have like an attitudes that are pretty popular in those communities.


Right, exactly. But still, like, you know, a lot of them were just like us and far from being like, you know, deceived by disinformation. They were like, it was a democratic party that supported nafta. That like, we're having trouble paying for our healthcare or food for our kids. And they're sending billions of dollars to Ukraine and to Israel, to all these other countries. They're just talking about the struggles that they have in their lives and the way in which the government doesn't care. There's some social issue stuff too. But once you get to the United States to become a citizen, you integrate pretty quickly. Of course. And the thing you, you don't sit around thinking about trans people or whatever, gay marriage or these are ancillary issues. Even if they don't agree with the Democratic party on, they might, that might contribute to the alienation.


The fact that, you know, they had, that's why that Kamala ad was effective. Not because people are sitting around thinking about whether trans people should get government funded sexual assignment surgeries in, in prison. But because it was like a proxy for explaining that these people have nothing in common with your lives. They don't care about you. They don't care about your values. Had they felt economically satisfied, I don't think that would've resonated. 'cause that's not what people care about. But most of them are just worried about the same thing everybody else is worried about. Of course. And they finally got to the point where they realized We've been, but they have less power. So they're even more worried. Exactly. They're the people who get most affected. Of course, especially by immigration. Totally. I mean, the people who lose their jobs with immigration often are non-white people.


Black, black working class, Latino working class. And they feel resentful about everything that's being done for, you know, there was a lot of, oh, they're giving free housing and free meals to illegal immigrants while I can't feed my family. Yeah. I really recommend the article. It's, it's like not done with caricature. It's not like handpicking a few comments. It's a very long article and it just lets these people speak for themselves in a very revealing way. What's Just so funny is you live in Brazil, which is another continent. It is. You've been there a while. How Long have you 20 years. 20 years. Years. Yeah. 20 years. But I bet if I had called you the week before the election, once I should have done, but I got busy. But if I'd said like, what do you think black and Latino people, men married people in New York City, around the country.


What do you think they think politically? I bet you would've been pretty close. I know you would've figured this out. Yeah, I was talking about this earlier, but You don't even live here in new that I know. I lived here like for the first 38 years of my life. It's the only country of which I've ever been a citizen. I'm here all the time. But I do think that, and this is, but How do you know that? And they don't. That's the point. I think that distance gives you a, a, a perspective like the fact that I'm, my friends are not media and political people in New York and Washington, that I'm not co cooked into their right, to their worldview. That I'm not subsumed with that, that I'm not dependent upon it in any way. Gives me, I think a broader perspective. Like if you live in Northern Virginia and you like spend all your time in Washington, in green rooms or New York, you're gonna be so distorted in the things that you think about the world.


Oh, okay. About it. But also I think you have to like go outta your way to, to, to, okay, I don't wanna be told what people think by other people who are reporting to be their spokespeople. I wanna hear from them directly. I wanna look at their polling data. I want to understand what they're thinking. And You can just see it, you could hear it, you could feel it, you could observe it's analytically in that data. But they just, I remember people on CN saying, you know, I think it was Van Jones, or no, it was Bakari Sellers who was like, I can, I don't care what the polls say, I can guarantee you there won't be more than 5% of black men voting for Donald Trump. I don't care what the polls say, there won't be anywhere near 15% of, you know, He Bakari sellers said that.


Oh yeah. Just like, I don't care what the polls say, I'm not like a huge, you know, I'm not a huge expert on black America and I don't have a million black friends, but I have some actual, like actual friends. I don't know a liberal black guy. I know some who vote for Democrats or whatever, but I don't know, I literally don't know. Except like the guys you see in green rooms went to Princeton or like fake preachers or something. But like actual black men, I don't know any living, The only ones are in the media. The ones That's, I just dunno any person. I've never even met one. Right. And like, what Is this? And, but this has been, if you think about the Democratic party, the thing you fear most is that these groups that have been voting for you for generations and have been passed, had loyalties passed down from their parents.


Yes. Their grandparents who don't even think about not voting for you. Yes. Every election. Once that breaks. I'm not saying that those people who voted for Trump will never vote democratic again, but now they know there's an option. They're free people And they get to decide for themselves who they want. And nothing is more alarming or, or or petrifying to democratic party elites than seeing that. I think it's really good. It's good for the country. The Democratic party in its, you know, current iteration is just, is almost purely destructive and shouldn't be. You, you, you need a two party system where both parties are Represent, have it's integrated.


Like Yeah, I, I remember like the smartest Republicans, like JD Vance. Yeah. Josh Hartley, like the ones who really understand that you can't have the same Republican parties you did in 1980 have always been describing the future of the Republican party as a multiracial working class coalition. And to watch people identifying primarily based on their citizenship and their class. That's What you want. As Opposed to constantly being divided by race. That's What you want is So Amen. Promising to see, Well it's essential or else you have Rwanda. I mean, because you know, your class can change, but your race doesn't change. And So if you engender conflict on the basis of immutable characteristics, it's not solvable.


And so you don't want to ever do that. You make people hate each other based on how much they make. Okay. Where they live even, but their skin color. Well, As you say, that gives them the idea of change. Like, hey, we can change the government, we can change. Well, that's exactly right. Exactly. Whereas immutable characteristic by definition don't change. No, no. That's like, that's like Albanian blood feud that last 800 years. Like you can't do that. But That has been the predominant liberal, oh, I know. Mindset is to encourage people to see themselves as part of insulated factions who hate other factions based on those characteristics. And there's almost nothing more offensive to me about what American liberalism writ large has done than try and impose that framework on people to divide people based on things that In fact don't divide them well.


Yeah, especially since the experience of just like living in this country, you know, is so different from what they describe, I, I'm have always been on the right, I've never had anybody, anybody who's black or Hispanic or non-white ever attack me one time in public as a racist. I've only had affluent white women attack me that way. I don't see people hating each other on the basis of race. I don't, I'm sure there's racism, I know that there is because people are flawed, but it's not a defining fact in this country that I have ever known. I didn't know what the hell they're talking about. I mean, they're trying to scare the shit out of people to get their votes. That's it. Well, and obviously millions of non-white people agree with these. They just went and voted for the white candidate over the black one. I know.


And the white candidate who they were told was Adolf Hitler and wanted to put all on white people in camps. They were looking around, they're like, that's not my experience. So I gotta just one last question. Like the, we began the conversation with the war that we're now in and we're in a war with Russia. And that really is something that the Biden administration is doing to punish the incoming Trump administration, I think, and to prevent it from acting, you know, with the autonomy any administration should have. But they're also gonna leave all behind all kinds of, I mean, they're not gonna spend the next seven weeks doing nothing. And one of the things they're gonna try to do is increase censorship, I think over the next seven weeks.


Or am I just being paranoid? I think you're right. They're obviously not gonna do nothing. They're gonna try and fortify everything as much as possible from the kind of change that the American people just voted for. The party of democracy is gonna do that. Right. Censorship in my view, began like systemic censorship on the internet began as a reaction to 2016 without question, both to Brexit, but without question, especially to Trump. That's right. That's when you saw the emergence of these highly well-funded disinformation experts, the concoction of this fake expertise called disinformation experts who, what, how do people get to be that? What, where, where do you go to school to be a disinformation expert, like a floating arbiter of truth.


But they needed to radically intensify censorship because they blamed free speech and the free flow of information on. They blamed that for, for Brexit first, but especially for Trump's victory. And they wanted to crack down on that. There's always now an ongoing effort to try and crack down on that. I think though, what they're gonna try and do is look at the areas that they believe Trump is trying most radically to change, beginning with foreign po that's foreign policy. The thing that they value most. That's the by far, you know, centerpiece of how America runs in their view. And they're gonna spend as much of their time subverting him and sabotaging him in advance. Even those, he just won the election by a pretty like solid margin.


And there are some things that'll be reversible, but if you escalate the war in Ukraine and Trump now is coming into a war that the Russians perceive accurately to be not just a proxy war with the west behind Ukraine, but where NATO is actually bombing Russia, it becomes infinitely more difficult to keep under control and to resolve. The problem is, is that the risks of this are so great that it, it actually sickens me more than almost anything I've ever seen. Me too. That they're willing to do this on the way out to just prevent this warf mending and trifling with the risk of a nuclear exchange And with the lives of every person on on earth.


Yeah. I just gotta close by saying there's been in journalism my whole life. I, you know, spent a lot of time around journalists bragging about the risk they take. I've never known a journalist who's been threatened with prison more times than you have probably once every six months. I just check to make sure that you're not in prison. I Do. Yeah. My friends do that too. I'm always assuming you're gonna wind up in prison for challenging the powerful and revealing what they're actually doing. So I just wanna say congratulations on remaining free. Thank you. I Appreciate that. It's not always been such an easy task. No, there have been times when I've gotten pretty close, including recently, but I feel like if you're not hated by and feel and and perceived as a threat by people in power, you're not doing your job.


That's sure. That's what I really believe. Well then by that measure, you're the most successful journalist of our generation, which I already thought anyway, but congratulations, appreciate that. Thank you Tucker Glenn Greenwald, always great to see you. Thank you. Thanks for listening. The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made. The complete library, Tucker Carlson dot com.