
The, The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet. $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's S number one, Sportsbook two, one plus Impress in Virginia must be first online real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt Restrictions apply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Must be a little weird to get scooped by CNN on Joe Biden's dementia. Like you had no Idea. None of us knew. I, you know, but no, that, now Jake Tapper has uncovered the truth. Like it turns out Joe Biden was in cognitive decline. What did you know that, How did he find out? Just hardcore shoe leather investigators just working His sources, Working his sources, like calling all the people in Washington, digging up like FOIA documents. I just find the Epstein files is so fascinating because the two biggest issues are, are there people to whom he's trafficked minors that nobody has been charged with being the recipient of that sex trafficking. But the much more interesting question for me is, was he working with or for any foreign intelligence agencies?


Israel is the number one recipient of NSA technology and NSA intelligence. But at the same time, the documents that describe who are our greatest intelligence threats, who are our greatest intelligence adversaries, who spies on us the most, who is capable of spying out the most? Number one on the list is Israel as well. All right, Glen, I think last time you were here, I ambushed you just by rolling the cameras not doing that.


We are on camera Right now, Right? It was, it was funny because every show you ever go on, it always begins in some sort of way to indicate that you're actually starting. Like Glenn Greenwald, welcome to the program. Thank you Tucker, for having me. But the last time I was on, we were just sitting here chatting and it turned out 10 minutes in, I was like, oh, we're rolling. Yeah, we've been rolling since we started. Yeah. But You are one of those people, and this is the highest compliment I can give. Who's exactly the same off camera? Exactly the same as you are on camera. Right? Exactly. That's why I, that's why there's no difference at all. I thought our conversation was just the conversation that we always have, and it turned out it was just the show, which made no difference. I, we went, they you're staff courteously. Let me see this first time minutes, I was like, yeah, that's what I think. That's how I, how I speak. And that's all fine. Yeah, There is, if you like Glenn Greenwald, you'll like him at dinner.


Trust me. That that's what I can say about you. So you are, I think, the dean of Alternative Media. You've been doing this longer than anybody that I know personally. So it must be a little weird to get scooped by CNN on Joe Biden's dementia. Like you had no idea Knew none of us knew. I, you know, I mean, there was that debate and we were all shocked, but we were like, but we were told he had a cold. So he was like, okay, he's on some cold medication, like, who hasn't been there before? He makes it a little d drag drag. Like a little groggy, a little groggy, a little just like dragged. But no, that, now Jake Tapper has uncovered the truth. Like it turns out Joe Biden was in cognitive decline. Did, did you know that? How did he find out? I just hardcore shoe leather investigating, just working his sources, working his sources.


Like calling all the people in Washington digging up like FOIA documents. No, it really, you know, it digging up FOIA documents, it's one of those things where you kind of can't believe what you're witnessing because Jake Tapper is pretending to have uncovered a scandal that he himself led the way in the media or one of the leaders in the media in covering up to the point where if somebody would go on his show and say, Joe Biden's obviously in cognitive decline, he can't get a sentence out. He would say, how dare you bully kids who stutter? Like do what do you, are you at all ashamed of what you're doing? That's what he told Laura Trump when she was like, yeah, I just, I feel bad for Joe Biden.


I wish you could get a sentence out. And he's like, do you ever think about what you're doing to kids who stutter and the kind of world you're creating for them? And she's like, what? I like everyone else. I never even knew Joe Biden how to stutter. I've been watching him for decades. I never saw him stutter before. The whole stuttering thing was just insult. Did he actually say that? Yes. He told Laura Trump that she was like at an event and she, it was a very like, you know, benign remark. She was just saying, yeah, you watched Joe Biden. 'cause we, we've talked about this before when I, you know, I was on your show. It wasn't even when he was president. It was in the run up to Yes, the 2020 campaign. And we were talking about this and we always talked about everybody I know did no one takes joy. It like, we've all had that experience of watching an older person in our family, you know, go through cognitive decline.


It's actually quite sad. So the way she was saying it was like, yeah, you know, honestly, as a human being, I watched Joe Biden and he's in the middle of a sentence that he can't finish. I'm like, come on Joe, get that out. And then when he went on, she went on Jake Tapper show. He played that tape and he, he said, do you understand the world of bullying that you're creating for kids who stutter? And she was like, what? IMing and stuttering kids. Yeah. And, and she's like, I didn't even know he had a stutter. And she, he said, and we all know he has a stutter And I know that you are mocking his stutter. And so this was not just a person who didn't speak about Joe Biden's cognitive decline, who's now uncovering this shocking truth that 85% of the public has known for years according to polls.


He was, he would go on, like, I heard him this week saying one of the very few people in the, because he was asked, why don't, why didn't people in the Democratic Party speak up and and say this since they all knew it? And he said, well, Dean Phillips tried, and he got mauled and maligned and his character was attacked by the Democratic Party. I was like, by the Democratic Party, go watch what happened. When Dean Phillips went on, Jake Topper's show and said that one of the reasons he was running for president, he was concerned about Joe Biden's age and his infirmities and how he couldn't win and couldn't govern. And Jake Tapper said to him, do you know that your democratic colleagues despise you? And they've been telling me the worst possible thing. That's what he did to everybody who went on his show in order to say, Hey, I think Joe Biden's in cognitive decline.


He was, he was, I mean, obviously he wanted Biden to win desperately and would not tolerate anyone going on the show and saying that Biden was in cognitive decline and now he's making millions of dollars off a book. But the only good thing is that his credibility is so in tatters from it that he had to hire a PR crisis firm like the kind that Anthony Wiener had to hire that like puffy Combs hired. Like imagine being a journalist and being exposed is such a fraud that you have to hire a pr crisis team of the kind that, like public figures hire when they're involved in some like big, you know, sex scandal or like bribery scandal, that's who's managing jig tapper's behavior and his compartment.


They've tried to place like hit pieces on me and succeed in like, you know, shitty places like the Deli Beast. But every, and everything he says now is scripted. You know, like every interview he does now, at first it was like, I did, what are you talking about? This is outrageous. And now every time he's in an interview, he says, I look back on my coverage with humility. You know, that phrase, they feed you to make it seem like you're accepting accountability. No, you're really not false called, yes. Yeah. Yeah. What's interesting though is to that it wasn't just, you know, I disagree with you. I Biden seems fine. To me what's interesting is that he used the kind of most vulgar v moral blackmail you can, like you're attacking children who stutter, you're attacking disabled kids when you criticize the president of the United States.


Like that is so low. It's hard to believe that happened. I haven't seen that clip, but Yeah. Yeah. I mean, he claims he called Laura, Laura Trump to apologize. Maybe he should do that on his show since that's where he told his audience she was attacking kids who stuttered. Like that's a pretty, that's why one of the worst things pretty much that you could do is like bully kids with disabilities, right? Like, if my kids ever did that, I would punish them for three months. Me too. You know, so like accusing her of having done that, like probably doesn't warrant a private apology. Or maybe it does too. But also, you know, you go on air and you were like, Hey, I did something really despicable. You know what's so amazing too is they're trying to rewrite history. Obviously one of the ways they're trying to rewrite history is to say we were the victims of the fraud.


We in the media were the victims of the fraud. And were so angry at this inner team of Joe Biden's White House advisors who kept this from us, who hid this even though the entire public knew forever. But I know I've written about this so many times, that drives me crazy how easily history is rewritten. The first time I ever heard concerns about Joe Biden's cognitive decline was back in 2018 when the democratic field was coalescing of, of, you know, people who was, who were gonna run against Donald Trump. And they were really worried Joe Biden was gonna get the nomination solely by virtue of name recognition, because he, he was the vice president to, to, to Barack Obama for eight years, was viewed as loyal, has been around forever.


And they all knew there was No way he could sustain the rigors of an election because he was in cognitive decline. And so it was like these democratic operatives, like Andrea Mitchell talked about it, Cory Booker and Julian Castro in that 2019 debate, all made fun of Biden for not being able to remember what he had said three, three seconds ago. This, this, it was the Democrats who were raising it, trying to alert everybody that you shouldn't vote for Joe Biden because he's not the same Joe Biden he was, I'm not talking about 2023, I'm talking about 2018 and 2019. Remember the minute it was down to Joe Biden and Bernie Sanders in, in the 2020 primary. That's when all of a sudden the media narrative shifted and it became the only people who are talking about Biden's supposed cognitive decline or Bernie bros and maga people.


And it's absolutely immoral and disgusting. And that's when I wrote an article saying, what do you mean? You were the ones who first raised it. I heard it from you, you know, the, those DC insiders. So it's not, and and the only reason why, you know, what saved Joe Biden from that was that COVID happened and he got to run the campaign from his basement where he only talked to like Nicole Wallace who spoke to him like some, you know, ailing grandpa. You know that voice that you use for like your ailing grandpa, like Mr. President, oh, oh, Mr. Biden. Hello. Oh, and then you did that fake laugh. They get even close to a joke. 'cause those were the kind of interviews he was doing, and he was in that basement in Delaware. That's the only reason why he could sustain that campaign.


But it was so widely known. I mean, his sister Valerie told a good friend of mine that she didn't want him to run in 2020 because he had dementia. My former makeup artist, a makeup artist was there in the room when he was injected with amphetamines before an event more than once during that campaign. And like I said, all that on tv, and everyone I knew in DC who knew Biden, I knew Biden, said, yeah, no, he's got dementia. Like Every, Everybody knew, everybody knew. It wasn't just like some right wing Twitter thing where people were being cruel. It was like the people who knew Biden knew that. So like how could you not Know that? Well, I think the, the, the, the reason this media fraud of all the other media frauds that have been perpetrated is probably the most damaging in 2016, they pushed this whole deranged demented conspiracy theory that Vladimir Putin had sex tapes on Donald Trump Yes.


Where he was being urinated on by a prostitute. And of course, if you know Donald Trump, that's pretty much the last thing that of all the people on the planet, It's not saying he didn't commit. Yeah, no, for Sure. Yeah. But, but you know, it was, it was that sort of thing. Like they, they always accused people independent media or you know, whoever of being conspiracy theorists, like, think about that conspiracy like Donald Trump was being blackmailed by the Russian government into sacrificing the interest of the United States to serve the interest of the Kremlin. That really was the predominant media narrative from 2016 to 2018. So that's what they did to try and stop Trump the first time in 2020, you know, weeks before the election, the New York Post had very serious reporting about the Biden family unethically exploiting Joe Biden's influence in Ukraine and China to profit, not for themselves only, but also for Joe Biden.


And we were told by the media over and over the lie that this is Russian disinformation. That, that this laptop should be, the contents of it should be ignored because it's inauthentic. That of course, was when I left The Intercept. 'cause they wouldn't let me write about it claiming that there were doubts about its authenticity when I knew there weren't. But that was, and then Twitter and Facebook censored it. But on those kind of questions like Russiagate, the authenticity of these emails, like for most Americans, they don't have the competence to judge that because they do other things. But when it comes to seeing older people in cognitive decline, most of them have had that experience with like a grandparent or a parent or a sibling or a neighbor or whatever, and don't need to be told by quote unquote experts that is happening because they can see it with their own eyes.


And for the media to have sat there for a year and a half and told everybody, as Joe Scarborough said, this version of Joe Biden is the best Biden we've ever seen. I mean, imagine being such a state propagandist that you do that and then keep your job. I think that's why this scandal is so devastating to them. And why, like when Jake Tapper stands up to write a book saying, I've uncovered the truth with investigative reporting, you know, everybody is reacting with justi justifiable nausea. You got a minute. It take some balls to do that though. I mean, I famously advocated for the Iraq war, realized in 20 20 0 3 that it was a bad idea and said I was wrong. What I didn't do was write a book saying like it was wrong.


And I always thought it was wrong. Or like, Hey, I'm here to write a book saying why the Iraq war was based on falsehood. It's like we, we already know Tucker, thank you. Right. Like you didn't go and write that book because you were the one helping to perpetuate that. Well, exactly. I totally Agree. So I guess without repentance, without the acknowledgement of wrongdoing, of dishonesty, without saying I screwed up and making that the headline, nothing that follows is credible at all. It's like all fake unless you admit your role in the lie. Right. Which, which, and, and, and if that happened, if you said like, look, I was really swept up in the media bubble I was in. Yes, yes. And I wanna tell the story of why I did this or how I got like convinced myself of this lie, then there would be some nobility to it.


There would be some value in work. Yes. But front, this is what I mean. Like I, you know, I was, there were several people, but myself was included who was, I was bashing the table every day. You know, we were compiling tapes of Jake Dapper doing all the things that I had just referenced. And I remember at the time, Jake Tapper always serving the Democratic Party in these ways. And his initial response was to send out like publicists to try and, you know, plant stories that I was lying, that I was manipulating media. There was one in the deli beasts, one of the huffing posts, wait, Actually attacking you Personally? Oh yeah. They, they were pitching stories like, yeah. And there's, So, you know, they, they were in like shitty liberal sites that no one like Covington Post and The Daily Beast, there was a couple others, but they had pitched them like to the New York Post and the Wall Street Journal I think as well.


Like New York Post got in contact with me. They didn't, they didn't run it because it was so easy to prove that. What was the allegation that all of these incidents that I just described, and there were others as well of things he did on his show were like taken outta context or the video was manipulated just like they did when people saw Joe Biden wandering around on, on that D-Day and had to be, you know, redirected by Georgia Maloney or having been taken off the stage by this. That's the other thing. They didn't just deny it. They attacked anyone who said it. People in 2024 who were saying, oh look, Biden clearly doesn't know where he is. Including at that event with Obama, that big George Clooney fundraiser, the Washington Post were an article saying they were using, it was a new phrase, cheap fakes.


Like they weren't exactly fake, but the narrative was fake. And it, anyone who said Joe Biden clearly isn't cognitive decline. If you'd look at him at these events. They were called right-wing disinformation agents. And as it turns out, George Cooney ended up saying, the reason why I wanted Biden not to run was because the Joe Biden I saw at that event was completely unrecognizable. He was like a, he was, he, he has dementia. And at the time when people were saying like, clearly he doesn't know where he is being let off the stage by Barack Obama, and none of this was new. We, we, this is what we had been seeing for so long. The media affirmatively used that disinformation term that has become their weapon of deception and, and propaganda and smearing people who tell the truth to label all of that disinformation.


And so they were the ones who perpetrated the fraud and now they're pretending like they're the ones uncovering it. It is. So I think the reason they don't get it is because of that insulated bubble that they exist in. They all do believe that they're truthful, they're good, they're benevolent, they're nonpartisan. And that unfortunately, there was No way for them to have told the story because Mike Donald and was lying about it. Or Joe Biden was keeping the truth from them. And so what can they do?


So here's a company, we're always excited to advertise because we actually use their products every day. It's Merriweather farms. Remember when everybody knew their neighborhood butcher? You look back and you feel like, oh, there was something really important about that, knowing the person who cut your meat. And at some point your grandparents knew the people who raised their meat so they could trust what they ate. But that time is long gone. It's been replaced by an era of grocery store mystery meat boxed by distant beef corporations, none of which raised a single cow. Unlike your childhood, they don't know you. They're not interested in you. The whole thing is creepy. The only thing that matters to them is money. And God knows what you're eating. Merriweather Farms is the answer to that. They raise their cattle in the US in Wyoming, Nebraska, and Colorado, and they prepare their meat themselves in their facilities In this country, no middlemen, no outsourcing, no foreign beef sneaking through a back door. Nobody wants foreign meat. Sorry. We have a great meat, the best meat here in the United States, and we buy ours at Merriweather Farms. Their cuts are pasture raised. Hormone free. Antibiotic free, and absolutely delicious. I gorged on one last night, you gotta try this for real. Every day we eat it, go to merriweather farms.com/ Tucker, use the code Tucker 76 for 15% off your first order. That's merriweather farms.com/ Tucker.


Every day local businesses open their doors with more than just a plan. They bring persistence, ambition, and a vision for what's next. And America's banks bring the tools and strategic guidance to get there from storefronts on Main Street to warehouse floors. Businesses are leading the way with support from banks. Banks are providing what it takes for businesses to operate today and plan for tomorrow. Building opportunity, fueling economic growth paid for by United for a strong economy.


I think that kind of self-deception is a byproduct of the tribalism that really defines DC And it's like we can't help the other side. Like they're, we're gonna start with the other side is evil and anything that helps them, we can't do, therefore we're gonna have to make some accommodations that may include lying, but it's not really lying. It's in the service of a greater good. Oh yeah. Which is what every person who has ever done anything evil has said to justify it. Right. I'm not an evil person, I'm not a sociopath. I'm doing something that seems evil, but it's for a greater cause. The end is justify the means. I mean, that's the most basic Yes. Basically a moral statement you can have. And that's since the emergence of Trump, that is all that journalism has become. Not just journalism, but so many academia.


Yeah. So many different institutions have announced their core function, whatever that might be, science Yeah. In order to devote themselves to this monomaniacal mission of stopping Donald Trump and his movement. That's right. And you know, Sam Harris, just whether through stupidity or just like in like Inadvisable candor, you know, was the first one who came out with the Hunter Biden laptop stuff after he realized it was a lie and said like, yeah, I, I guess this laptop was true. But at the end of the day, I really don't care if they have to lie about it. Fine. The evil of electing Donald Trump is so much greater. And he was the first one to really candidly acknowledge what they are all thinking, which is will I will spread disinformation, will, you know, hide things.


Because the destruction and fear that we have of Donald Trump in power is so great that anything we do to try and impede it, it's not just justifiable, but almost like morally imperative. That is how most of these institutions ended up reasoning and that's why they've lost their credibility. We're all Dietrich Bonhoeffer at this point, right? Yeah. Well it's very self glorifying too. Like we're on the front line of fighting fascism. What, I mean, this is such a tired question, but I've never really gotten an answer that satisfies me. What is, I mean, I look at Trump and I'm like, you know, this is not a radical person in most ways. Why? And a lot of the things that he says are things that the Democratic party was like officially for 10 years ago.


You know, less wars, pay attention to the forgotten mans Free trade is kind of bad. You're right. Exactly. You're right. I mean this, these are not, he's not a radical right winger as I would've conceived of a radical right. Winger in 1998 or 2018. So why, why? But the hive like reacted to him like the devil does holy water. Just like I can't be near you. What, what is that? I still don't fully understand it. I think it's two things. One less important though still not trivial, which is compartmentally. He's just such a radical departure from the way anybody who has ever gotten close to the presidency has conducted themselves.


And I remember so well the time I realized That's fair. Yeah, it's true. But like, but once you understand what that is, you can put it in your proper, in the proper context and not go insane about it. I remember the time that I realized just how far gone the media was when it came to this and like the political establishment generally, which was during the 2016 campaign when they kept asking about like collusion with Russia and collusion with Russia and all that. And he said, I don't know anything about that. I have nothing to do with the Russians. But hey Russians, if you're listening, they were asking him, did you participate in the hacking? Yeah. And he was like, I didn't have anything to do with that. But hey, like Russia, if you're listening, maybe you could find Hillary Clinton's like 87,000 deleted emails, which was obviously like a joke.


Just a guy. Yeah, yeah. Just a joke. Like, I have nothing to do with Russia, but if they're such great hackers, maybe they can find the media took that and they, for over a year earnestly pretended that he, this was proof that he was in cahoots with Russia because he submits hacking requests to Russia. Like if you have some like back channel secret hacking requests relationship with Russia, the way you're gonna like submit your request is by standing in front of 130 cameras and be like, Hey Putin, this is my latest hacking request. Go find those emails instead of like having a, you know, Don Jr meet in a parking lot with some like Russian Asian or whatever. I mean, but the fact that they were, they, they, they were willing to, they really thought that that was a smoking gun and could not understand how Trump jokes, how he uses irony, how he like purposely trolls was, you know, the time that I realized just how far gone they were.


But I think the bigger reason why they were, And I think we've talked about this before, is I would say since the end of World War ii, maybe before that, but certainly since the end of World War ii, what we have more or less is a continuity of core Washington dogma on foreign and economic policy. Correct. You have, you know, on the margins, things that make it appear like the parties are so different. They fight about abortion, they do discre abortion or culture war issues, all that. But on the question of how power is distributed on how the US maintains global hegemony on feeding the war machine, on how our economic system functions and whom who it serves, there is complete continuity between Republicans, Democrats like those permanent power factions, Washington the corporatism militarism don't care at all who wins because their policies prevail no matter what.


You can vote for whoever you want, you can vote against it, you can vote for it doesn't matter. It continues Trump by necessity, because the Republicans had already chosen Jeb Bush as their candidate, we all expected it was gonna be another Bush Clinton race. It was gonna be Jeb Bush and Hillary Clinton. That was the assumption that everyone had it. Hillary would've lost, had the DNC not cheated for her, but they did cheat for her. So she was the nominee. But the only way Trump could break through, how do you break through against all the Republican money behind Jeb Bush? You have to run against the Bush family. You have to run against conservative Republican dogma on both finance, economics and foreign policy. He ran against the Iraq war, he ran against permanent war, he ran against serving corporatism at the expense of the, the working people against free trade at the expense of, you know, indu like having an industrial base.


And he became a kind of threat. And Steve Bannon was the architect at the time, and Steve Bannon's vision very much was that like the Republican establishment is at least as bad as the Democratic establishment. And he was a threat to disrupt this bipartisan continuity on which power factions in Washington depend. And I think that's what made him so an atmo to so many different factions. He was a challenge to the post-war order, basically Like questioning the viability of nato I know. Which It's like walking into a church and saying like, we sure Jesus is divine. You know, like that alone That, that actually changed my life when he said that I grew up around nato, grew up supporting NATO unthinkingly, never thought about nato, NATO's good guys.


NATO keeps states Hundred percent NATO keeps the Soviets from rolling into Belgium, you know, and like that's good. What's, why is that bad? Of course we love nato. And but Then he was like, Hey, but like the Soviet Union doesn't exist anymore That no one had ever in a lifetime of d in DC No one had ever mentioned NATO in a way that challenged me to think about what it was or its role until that. And he just said it offhandedly. And I was like, nato, really? He's against nato. How could you against nato? And that began a chain of thinking that totally changed my view of everything. So I think you're right. It's dangerous to have people saying stuff like that. I mean, do you Just, you do what you want is per continuity with the status quo. Yes. And like who was a more reliable maven of the status quo than Hillary Clinton?


Yes. Or Joe Biden. And so that's why they were so desperate, including all, you know, all the neocons and conservatives that you knew. So many of 'em openly supported Clinton and Biden and many of them, like to this day, like half the Republican Senate caucus at least hates Trump hates his ideology. He all Hate vote for Kamala policy. Oh yeah. You you really think Mike rounds voted for Trump? I don't think so. I don't know, but I'm just saying like These guys, right? That those types, yeah. So can I just go back? I want to ask you more about that and like the place of neoconservatives And I guess we're not even to use that term. So think of a new term as I ask question. Alright, I will. But before we get to that, like you mentioned Russiagate a couple of times and the hacking and the subsequent leaking of those emails from the DNC who did that, It's possible of course that the Russians did it.


Like sometimes you get the official story and it's possible, you know, I know Julian Assange a long time. I know him very well and What a good man. Oh, he's, I think he's like one of the heroes of our lifetime. I totally agree. And not just a hero, but like incredibly consequential And just a decent person too. And like brilliant and courageous. I agree. Not without his personality flaws, but oftentimes that kind of courage. I, whenever people used to complain about Julian's difficult personality, let's use the generous term difficult personality, I would always say like, who do you think is gonna go and like spill the secrets of the world's most powerful government? You think it's gonna be some like mild-mannered, like gentle, congenial person?


No. It takes a certain personality type. Yes. Yes. And but in any event, he had insinuated several times that it came from within the DNC, he had raised the possibility that Seth Rich was murdered because he was the leaker. And It was Julian, it was WikiLeaks who ran those docs. It was WikiLeaks who received them. Yeah. But Who, who shared them with the world, Who then published them all. Exactly. And So it's not a small thing when the guy who runs WikiLeaks suggests something. Correct. That said, if you are the recipient of leaks, as I've been many times, you don't actually know who the kind of, you're not sure if the person bringing you the leaks, of course is the person who actually engineered it.


That could be a, a cut bet, you know, go between. And, but at the same time, you know, Julian is extremely smart. You know, I talked to him this day. He's, I think not fully recovered. He'll never be, I mean after what he went through, but his brain is, you know, just like a font of insight. And I trust his judgment so much. You can go back and look at stuff he said. And it proved to be so prescient. I know. And so when he says that, I do think Julian sees himself for good reason as an enemy of the intelligence agencies in the West. I mean that he is that, so undoubtedly we Did like seven and a half years in confinement because of it.


Yeah. Like Eight years in the Ecuador in embassy, and then four and a half years in the prison that the BBC calls Gu, the, the British Guantanamo. So in Mike Pompeo, the head of CIA plotted his assassination. So I think It's plotted his assassination, badged the Ecuadorians into lifting the asylum they had given him and promised him and allowed the London police to go in and, you know, coerced, threatened, bribed the Ecuadorians to lift that asylum, that grant of asylum so that they could then go in and, and Mike Pompeo is like first month as CIA director gave a speech saying we're gonna destroy Wiki leagues. It's time that they stop hiding behind the First Amendment. So he was very serious about that. He, Mike Pompeo should be charged with plotting someone's assassination.


That's a crime. You can't do that in the United States. I mean, there's so many things Mike Pompeo should be charged with, but we know for certain that he was wanting, I mean, he was the CIA director thinking, oh, now I get to murder people who I want Yeah. Who embarrassed me who've never been charged. Not not who committed crimes. He'd Never been charged with a crime in the United States when that Until like, until 2018. Right. When, when, when they engineered this, you know, obscenely baseless indictment that they knew they never wanted to bring him to the United States to stand trial. He would never have been convicted. They wanted to break him psychologically and and physically. And they came very close to doing that. But in any event, so when Julian Assan says something like that, part of me knows that he views himself as an enemy of the intelligence agencies and wants to use the same methods they use, which is sometimes he spread disinformation for confusion, but I also believe that he believes there's something to it.


And so we never had a real investigation into, to anything relating to Russiagate at all. Because in the first term, Trump was, you know, that whole administration was commandeered. It was run by people who were opposed to Trump's agenda for the most part. And part of the, this new administration is constructed to avoid that from happening. And I think they are now going back and looking at a lot of these things.


So we're not positive if cryptocurrencies the future of finance, but we do know that what we have now is broken and dangerous. Debt has never been higher in this country. Many of our so-called leaders are getting rich, serving you. It's a scam. So where does it go? Well, thankfully there are options. Donald Trump has said repeatedly, he wants the United States to be the crypto capital of the world. He's already created the Crypto advisory Council and recently signed an executive order to establish a Bitcoin strategic reserve. This could give normal people an alternative to the government's failing system and frankly, to the US dollar. I'm not saying put all your money outside the US dollar, but like, don't be crazy, don't be stupid here. You can see where it's going. So the people at I iTrust Capital can help you get in to this. It's complicated for people who aren't following it. They make it easy. They're based a hundred percent in the United States of America. We looked into this, they service only American investors and they operate the only platform that allows you to buy and sell crypto 24 7, both inside and outside of your tax advantaged IRA. And it all happens on one easy to use dashboard. They'll also operate a closed loop system, meaning that bad actors can't access your account and steal your money. So if you're considering adding Bitcoin if you want to, or some other cryptocurrency, your PO portfolio irus can be trusted and it's easy to understand i iTrustCapital dot com or click the link below.


Your identity is constantly under attack. And just the last year, Americans lost over $16 billion to scammers online. Anyone can fall victim to this. Your social security number, your bank account, your credit profile can be exposed and you won't even know it. And the second they are exposed, thieves can take out loans to your name, open credit cards, wreck your life financially Identity Guard can save you. Identity Guard monitors everything from your credit card to your bank accounts, to your social security number. Looking for early signs of fraud before damage is done. If something weird happens, you get an instant alert. If someone does steal your identity, identity guard's expert team works directly with banks, credit card companies and lenders to shut it down quickly. And the scam, having your identity stolen is a nightmare. Someone in this country becomes a victim of identity theft every six seconds. Identity Guard protects you 30 day free trial at exclusive discount at Identity Guard dot com slash Tucker. Protect yourself before it's too late. Identity Guard dot com slash Tucker,


what do you think the chances are that those emails came from a DNC employee? Honestly, I don't know. I just, I don't like to, I I'm open to it. I'm, I'm definitely open to it, but I'm not gonna affirm it. I Think it's very strange Or say it's probable I got from an MPD Metropolitan Police Department officer who was a friend of mine, the fact which I've checked, which is that the FBI immediately took over the murder investigation. Now why would the fbi, I have a routine, supposedly routine random Attempted robbery, C type attempted robbery. Why Would the FBI take that over? Right? Like, 'cause there're a good reason for that. That's bizarre. Yeah, I know. That's why I say I am open to it even though you, I, you know, that's been something that is immediately branded like such an obvious conspiracy theory that the second you suggest that you're receptive to it.


But that's exactly when conspiracy theories are often ones that deserve attention. I Don't know, an American citizen got murdered in my city, and so I feel like I have an absolute right to ask why did the FBI take that over and what did they learn? And like, what is that? That's a totally fair question. They don't, you know, it's so funny. They set themselves up as the arbiters of everything, as the moral arbiters for sure. And you're like not allowed to ask that question. It's like, I live, I spent my life in DC I know the street he was shot on. He's an American just like me. I have absolutely a fundamental right to ask. Like, and same with Epstein. Why wasn't there a real investigation into this? And like, this seems anomalous. Like what's the answer? Well Shut up. You know? Well, and then, then the tactic is by like the ben peers of the world and the people who are the sa like the, the people who have anointed themselves to be the guardians of official versions or Yeah.


You know, no challenging any sorts of like why did the USS liberty happen? Those kind of things. Like what, what happened with your, why was JF My favorite was why was JFK murdered? I don't care. It was a long time ago. Yeah, it was so long ago. Yeah, it was a long time ago. It, and Press The president got murdered. They knock that now is just asking questions. They'll be, oh, it's like, I don't know. I feel like my job as like a, not just a journalist, but a human being and a citizen is like, I kind of wanna be asking questions. I don't wanna just be ingesting what I'm told because what we've been told has been proven to be deliberate lives so often. Also, I like people who ask questions. I'm uncomfortable with people who make declarative statements exclusively because you actually don't know the answer to most things.


Like I said, where, where do you think those emails came from? Podesta's emails, DNC emails. And you're like, I don't really know, but here are the questions that I have. Like, that's the honest answer. Well also, you know, how many times, not just in politics where liberalized happen, but in every field of discipline like physics and chemistry and biology, everything linguistics where a certain time arrives and people believe they've discovered an absolute proven truth. Yes. And by the next generation it's completely debunked. Yeah. Like if you don't ha And that's why I believe in the absolute necessity of preserving the right to question everything. That's The scientific method. Yeah. And it's just basic humility. It's like, of course to think that human beings have discovered unchallenged truths that can never be disproven.


And the, and that from here hence forth. You're not allowed to question. No, I'm not accepting that from anybody. Oh, I wanna print that and put it on my fridge. I'll give you, I'll sign it for you. Good, thank you. Yeah, it, okay. So I, let me, lemme do the, do you want to talk about the Epstein files in relations with that as well? Yeah, Sure. I mean, Just because I just wanted, I just find the Epstein files is so fascinating because all the people who are now in charge of the government under Donald Trump, particularly Cash Patel and Dan Bonino at the FBI, but others as well throughout the government were over the last four years everywhere in the media on their shows, on every other show, banging on the table, demanding the immediate release of all the Epstein files.


We're now five months into the Trump administration. We haven't gotten a single document that wasn't previously published of the Epstein files. The, they made a humiliating showing of pretending to release it when they called those conservative influence. And they all waved around the binder Epstein files. We were, oh my God, what was in them? And then it turns out like nothing, you know, just every document that was in this binder was already previous released as part of the litigation or journalism that was done. And the Pam Bondy's new excuse because I mean, I'm glad that there are a lot of people in the Trump movement and the Mugga movement who are not contrary to the, how they're depicted in some sort of cult. Like they, they hold these people accountable.


Like they wanna understand, like, we were promised these things. Like why isn't this happening? And so Pam Bond's excuse now is we have thousands and thousands of sex videos of Jeffrey Epstein having sex with minors implying that it's obviously gonna take a lot of time to go through these videos and therefore we have to be patient before we get them. And it's like, I don't care about sex videos of Jeffrey Epstein having sex with children because we already know that Jeffrey Epstein had sex with children. That's kind of the reason we know who he is. He's been twice charged with that once convicted and then was ready to be charged again. For me, the two biggest issues are, are there people to whom he sex trafficked minors because he was charged with sex trafficking.


But nobody has been charged with being the recipient of that sex trafficking. But the much more interesting question for me is, and there's a lot of reason to believe it's true, is was he working with or for any foreign intelligence agencies? There is No way they don't already have that answer. Maybe the answer is no. Maybe he wasn't working with any, it's, you know, it would be, it would shock me, but maybe that's their answer. Maybe their answer is he was, why don't we have those answers? Like, have f FBI, I agents for whatever reason go through those sex tapes for the next three years. That's fine. What stops them from releasing that question? That, that answer now? So For people who may not be as familiar with the details, what leads you to raise that question?


Is there evidence that suggests he might have been working with a foreign intel Agency? Well, first of all, the source of his wealth has always been mysterious. I mean, he wasn't just very rich, he was living the life of a multi, multi-billionaire. He had, you know, $50 million properties in Manhattan and what West Palm Beach and New Mexico bought that island, New Mexico flying around on a 7 47. This is not just like somebody who's very wealthy. This is somebody with essentially unlimited resources, right? Like Bill Gates type wealth. And one of the ways, one of the, his primary benefactors is Les Wexner, who is a multi-billionaire, somebody with whom he worked closely.


And I guess the argument or the, the, the, the claim is he was a brilliant strategist for how to save taxes. How to save money on taxes. He was like a highly competent accountant, basically is what they Argue. Yeah. Like get a tax accountant. Yeah. He's tax manager, that's tax account. They tell you how, of course what strategies to use to save money. So maybe Les Wexner valued him so much that he gave him, I don't know, $3 billion in general. Billionaires don't like to give money away that they don't have to. Maybe Les Wexner is like super generous, like, oh, I'm so grateful to Jeffrey Epstein, here's like $2 billion. But Les Wexner has all sorts of ties to like his main non-money making endeavor in life is supporting Israel and donating to is to pro-Israel groups and working closely with the Israeli government, JS Maxwell, who's now in prison as having been essentially his right hand man.


Her father Robert Maxwell, who died in a very mysterious way, he slipped off his yacht, was a known Mossad agent. He worked with the Mossad, he had very close ties to Israel. We all know these. He was given a state funeral Yes. In Israel. Yes. And you know, when I did the snowing reporting people, there's a lot of documents that we released that. And just because there were so many there, not, not, not all of them got the attention they deserved. One of the set of files we released described the intelligence relationship that we have with Israel, the, the NSA has with Israel. Israel is the number one recipient of NSA technology and NSA intelligence. We share more with Israel, even more with than we do with the five eyes partners who develop this technology.


We give more to Israel, more intelligence, raw intelligence about Americans as well and more intelligence know-how. But at the same time, the documents that describe who are our greatest intelligence threats, who are our greatest intelligence adversaries, he spies on us the most. Who is capable of spying out the most. Number one on the list is Israel as well. Obviously the Israelis use, you know, some, I mean the, the most dangerous spying programs like Pegasus and others come from Israel are developed by Israel, are controlled by the Israelis. By which I simply mean to say that Israel uses every weapon at its disposal, including gathering incriminating information about his enemies.


Yes. Some people have suggested that, oh no, it's not Israel. It's probably the Qatari intelligence agencies with whom he worked. Maybe I don't, maybe it was like, maybe it was Peru. Maybe it was like Indonesia. Well, people would say that Epstein was working with the Q guitars. Yeah. They're like, what Ha Like there's, I want, I wanna keep a list of people who make that claim. Do you know anyone? Anyone? You, I mean, I, it it, it's kind of funny, you know, how like Israel, like supporters of like loyalists of Israel in the United States are now constantly trying to convince people that the real foreign government that is exerting extreme amounts of influence over our politicians and our institutions is coter. I find it hilarious and I'm always like, you know what?


Let me know when the Congress starts passing on a weekly basis, pro cotter resolutions or when like, students are being expelled and deported because they've criticized Katter let me know when, like we start sending billions of dollars a year to, to katter. Let me know when all that starts to happen. And I'll be receptive to the fact that maybe Qatar, but anyway, all I'm saying, I'm not saying it's Israel, I'm just saying the, the, the, the, the, the nature of what Jeffrey Epstein was doing, the amount of wealth that it, that, that it required the number of the most powerful elites on the planet who were with him, who were involved with him, who were at his island too. Despite knowing that he had been convicted in 2010 of having sex with minors, hiring prostitutes who were underage, who continued to consort with him in the most, you know, proximate lay, something was going on there.


It would be be incredibly valuable. He kept, you know, he had, he had cameras in every part of his house. He had tapes of everything. Obviously that would be of immense value to any foreign intelligence agent Of course. And American, I mean, he was, he was close friends with Bill Burns, right? With former Head the c not that maybe domestic intelligence agencies as well, but how, like it really is starting to inflame my suspicions a great deal every day that goes by. Well, we're not getting that information, particularly because the people who have it are the people who spent years demanding its release and promising to facilitate it. If they got into power, you're probably pretty Sick in Nike. It's hard to blame you for feeling that way.


Any company that worships Colin Kaepernick, any company that shills for the lunacy of the left social agenda is clearly not on your side. In fact, they're your enemy. You need an alternative. XX XY Athletics is the far better choice. It's the only athletic brand committed to fighting, fighting for free speech. Women's sports and the truth, honesty the truth, they're not gonna lie to you. For example, did you know that 80% of Americans oppose letting men play in women's sports? That's not a radical view, it's a moderate, sensible view rooted in biology. But woke corporations like Nike make you feel like a lunatic for saying obvious things like men or men and women or women. That is tyranny. How can you fight back by abandoning the companies, promoting it and by embracing companies like XX XY Athletics? It's an American company. It's not opposed to the United States or to telling the truth. Head to the truth fits.com to learn a lot more and use the code. Tucker 25 for 25% off.


Two facts data points is are now called, that suggests to me that something's up. One is the fact that Epstein was represented in his first tangle with the authorities in Florida by Bill Krystal's lawyer, Jay Lefkowitz and who I know. And the second is the statement by Alex Acosta, which I think maybe is at the top of your memory about why Epstein got off so easily. How is this not talked about every day? Okay, so in Florida, in the United States generally having sex with minors, hiring, you know, using minors as, as prostitutes is considered like a pretty terrible crime.


Yeah, It's, yeah. You know, most people agree on that, that you Don't allow it. Yeah. You don't really have to debate that. That's considered like something that deserves huge amounts of jail time and typically results in huge amounts of jail time. Jeffrey Epstein barely went to jail for that as part of a plea bargain. They had enormous amounts of evidence. It wasn't a question of could they prove his guilt. They gave him a plea deal, a plea deal where he spent like six seconds in jail and then like most of the time at home doing community service. And Alex Acosta, who was the US attorney for, for the southern District of Florida at the time, which w was, was in charge of the case. That's where Epstein was ultimately ended up in the Justice Department and other roles inside the government.


And so he was constantly asked, why would you give Jeffrey Epstein such a like, generous plea deal that nobody would ever get for those crimes? And he ended up saying, I was told that he's intelligence and therefore leave him alone. That's what Alex Acosta the prosecutor says, that he was told about what he should do with the Jeffrey. Like, leave him alone because he's intelligence. Well, there Were, we're just kind of, the conversation just like ended, like we know now. I mean, if the prosecutor says the federal prosecutor in Florida says that, then I think we can assume that that's true. Right? So why don't we know what that means? That's what I, you know, like what would be the reason that people inside the Trump administration who have long expressed vehemently, vocally at the top of their agenda demands that the Epstein files be released.


Why are they not telling us that information? I, I think the net effect of this is to drive everyone insane and to make everyone like angry and suspicious and paranoid and conspiracy minded. I do think that it's like you expect that we're gonna hear the truth and then it's like, oh, by the way, no, everyone assumes the worst. I mean, why wouldn't you assume the worst? Well, You know, That improves American society. The thing is like, you know, I, whenever I talk about independent media, including from people who are supporters of it, believe it's a positive development, they all say, oh, but you know, there's so many conspiracy theories that end up being cultivated and spread that people embrace.


And that's true. Yeah, of course it is. There's been a lot of conspiracy theories embraced by the credible legacy media as well. I mean, it wasn't like Reddit that convinced Americans, Sodom Hussein had an active nuclear weapons program in order that Joe Biden was the best version ever. Right? Or that like the North Vietnamese were the aggressors in the Gulf of pumpkin. Right? That came from like CBS and Walter Cronkite in the New York Times. But in any event, of course there's gonna be Americans who are now as amenable to every conspiracy theory because what have we lived through the Iraq war, the 2008 financial crisis, all of the lies running from well, 9 11, 9 11 itself. And then if you go back further, like the Vietnam War, yes. But then also COVID and like one after the next at best, massive fundamental systemic failure on the part of all the institutions we were taught to trust.


And probably at worst and probably more accurately, overwhelming deceit and lies and falsehoods and propaganda continuously disseminated by them in order to facilitate what they wanted. What is going to happen to a society where people lose faith and trust in institutions? Not because, you know, charlatans are on the sidelines, encouraging them to make that happen, but because rationally those institutions no longer merit trust or faith If you lie too much. I don't believe you. It's kind of basic. So the only antidote to that is, is transparency is revealing the truth. And I, I really worry Right now, especially that this is hardening people's cynicism and rage and, and really at some point nihilism like nothing is true.


That is the conclusion. A lot of people are gonna, nothing is true. I don't believe anything. Like it's all Fake. Well, and also, you know, Kash Patel and Dan Matino are people who were among the most popular among the MAGA base. I mean, these were the people pro, like among the most respected, I mean, Dan Bonino show on Rumble, a platform that still maybe like 30, 40, maybe even 50% of the people in the United States we have never even heard of was getting bigger audiences than almost every daytime cable show. Cash Patel, you know, the surge of support for him when he was nominated to lead the FBI was massive because people thought, no, that's who we need to like, get in and root this out and clean it out.


And I believe that they, there, I believe there is something to that. I I think they are authentic and genuine in that way, but at the same time, something is constraining them. And so I ask myself, what kinds of truths would people be determined to hide who are more powerful than they are? And when it comes to the Epstein files, I continuously zero in on that question of who was he working with or for whom. And I can see people in government not wanting that answer to be disclosed. Just like the same reason we didn't have the JFK files. And still don't, We still Don't for 65 years.


I know Bino well, I think of him as a friend. I think he is a man of integrity and, And I think his integrity remains pure because of his rage. Like Dan's mad. Yeah, yeah. At lying. And so I do, I don't know what's going on at all. He, and to be clear, he said, I know that Epstein killed himself 'cause I've seen the evidence. So I'm pretty confident in the, in the case of Dan Bino, I don't even mind that. But then the question still becomes, like they said, they know how their, their supporters are going to react to that. Right? And they were among the people raising doubts about whether Epstein killed himself. I'm not that, I'm not, I wouldn't shock me if Epstein killed himself, right? Like, you live a life of great wealth and then suddenly, you know, you're gonna spend the prison, you spend your, the rest of your life in prison.


It seems odd to me that you can go to a federal prison and kill yourself. Like there's not safeguards against that. But whatever think gov, think gov, things that are run by the government failed. I'm not suggesting that he, they're lying about that. But even there they're saying like, look, I promise you we read the files, he killed himself. So then my question is, well why can't we read those files? Well That is my, that is my question too. And I would just say in the case of Bonino, I, I know Cash Patel, but I'm not like a friend of Cash Patel's. I'm a friend of, of Bon Gino's. And I do think that will come out, but I think big picture, DOJ is making a huge mistake, huge mistake in promising to reveal things and then not revealing them. And that gives the whole country a kind of moral blue balls at that point.


And it's bad. It's really bad. Like it's gonna, that's gonna cause a lot of hate. And second, I think that we underestimate the physical threat that people in Washington face. It's always like blackmail or ideological affinity that gets no, people are afraid of getting hurt. I do think that's a comp, I mean I know that's a component here. I Mean, political assassination, political murder has been going on for as long as politics have. And the JFK case is an example of the President of the United States having his head blown off. Exactly. Exactly. And you think that that's not ever present or constantly present in the minds of people in Washington. They killed the President got away with it for over 60 years. So like clearly there are forces that are above justice.


Oh no, don't worry. Lee Harvey Oswald was killed and Jack Ruby went to prison. Jack Ruby, the whole story is Jack Ruby, by the way, the whole story is Jack Ruby. I mean, he just walked up to the person. They had a hundred percent just shot him in, in the stomach. And there's No evidence he even liked the Kennedys. There's zero evidence. He never campaigned for them, never gave them money. There's not one person who's ever come forward to say, you know, Jack Ruby was passionately attached to JFK, not one person. Right. So like, what was the motive there? He was clearly sent there to silence Lee Harvey Oswald. So by whom is the obvious question. There are very serious indications by whom, but whatever, I don't know, but I don't know why everyone spends all this time on Lee Harvey Oswald when the key to the story is so clearly Jack Ruby.


Yeah, I mean, and this is, I think we are so indoctrinated to believe that this sort of thing happens in other countries. Like how much, think about how much we've heard, for example, about Putin and Albani, right? And we're all supposed to like obsess on the idea that in Russia, you know, if you get too much influence, you become too much of a threat to somebody you get killed or in prison. The funny thing Is, Putin didn't even kill Navalny. I think everybody, The CIA says that. Yeah, so like No, didn't, there's no Yeah, exactly. After months of, of course just being it obvious that, well of Course I got blamed for his murder. I was in Russia when he died and was, yeah, that's, I can't believe you killed, I remember that timing. You weren't gonna go, you had your big Putin interview and then like two days earlier, Putin killed Navan and you were like, they're with Putin.


No, but that's a big part of how that propaganda works. I, you know, I grew up thick in that. Like me too. These kind of bad things happen. They just don't happen in our country. It must be cool to live, you live outside the country, famously we're, you know, you're a foreigner living in a country. You've been a long time. You speak the language, you're engaged in the politics, so you're like part of it, but you're also from the United States, right? So you're not coming at it with that baggage you can see. You're just like, you don't lie to yourself about what it is. Yeah, I do think, I think one of the great, one of the things which for which I'm most grateful is that I was never embedded in the DC political and media scene. Yes. And obviously you removed yourself from it, which is why we're here and not in Georgetown.


It didn't help me being a part of that at all. I'll tell you, there's a, I've had a friendly relationship with Alex Thompson for a while. I've been, you know, Joe Jake Topper's coauthor in that book. Former political reporter Yeah. Who now works at Axios. Yep. And I've been very aggressive about praising him. Like going back two years when he was one of the only ones working for these news outlets who was on the story of Biden's cognitive decline getting mauled and attacked by the entire Democratic party. I was often praising him and defending him. You know, I mean, I wouldn't say we're great friends, but you know, he like sent me a copy of the book with very nice words. And so when I go to attack Jake Tapper, which is essentially attacking that book, of course there's a part of my brain that like, you know, thinks about like, wait, what is that gonna do to my relationship with Alex Thompson?


Yes. And then you have to be like, I don't care. But if you, that is your life, you know, because I mean, Alex Thompson is not like an important close friend of mine, but like, if you live in Washington, oh man. And every, your whole social scene is integrated into that is why there's no adversarial relationship between the media. Exactly. Do you, you know, funny, so funny. Jake Tapper and Alex Thompson were on that shitty PBS show that is now hosted by Jeffrey Goldberg. So can you imagine the Washington Jeffrey Goldberg is a PBS show. Yeah. It's like the week in Washington. I, I didn't, Jeffrey Goldberg host a TV show. Yeah. A PB S like the week in Washington. He's the most un appeal person. I know. You can't find anyone less telegenic. But anyway, he is the, the person who sits there.


Like, anyway, Jeffrey Goldberg was defending the media saying like, I think it's outrageous that we're being blamed for this whole thing with Biden and cognitive decline when there was nothing we could do. And so at the end he said to Jake Tapper like, what is the lesson that we have to take from all this? And Jake Tapper was cut very serious. He like for his brow, but he only like looked down at the table. 'cause he just, it was a very weird thing. Like he's just kind of, you know, he's on television every day. You know, you'd look up, you talk to people, you engage. He was like looking down, he had his head bowed, like the face of somebody who has a PR crisis firm. And he said, what I have realized is that you cannot trust what people in power tell you.


People in power lie. And when they tell you things, you have to take it with skepticism. You cannot take it on face value. So Jake Tapper at 56 years old, after 30 years of jour working in journalism, has discovered what if I were to teach college freshmen, a class on journalism would be the thing that I would say on the first day, right? About what the job is, right? Like why it's important to have journalism. Because people in power lie to keep their power. And this is something that now that trump's in in office, they've suddenly discovered is an important thing to do, to be adversarial to people in power. And I think that is in their mind, like there is an element of truth to their revisionist history that makes them the victim.


Like they are friends with Mike Donald and like Anita Dunn, their kids go to school, their same schools. Yes. They live in the same neighborhoods. They intermarry, you know, like half these couples are like one media, one in politics and then the ling door, they constantly switch and they're at lobbyist firms together. Washington is like, you know, Versailles. And so it's impossible to be adversarial, Man. We had dinner without naming names, but with a journalist last night you And I did here who I don't, I'd never met before. Nice guy actually. But from DC grew up two blocks from me. Mother went to the same school that I did. He went to the same schools as everyone I know. I mean, it's like if you're from there, you are connected to every other person who's from there.


Of course it's S like to a much greater extent than people understand just physically. Like yeah. It's like, it's like a British court, like totally incestuous. It's unbelievable. But you know, this is what I think, I think a lot of times, you know, because I've been a very harsh critic of media, corporations and the like, people, you know, ask me like, when did this change or whatever. And I like, there's always been a lot of closeness between the, the, the media and its supposed heyday in the fifties with like at j with Murrow and Cronkite and all of that. But you know, they were, you look at Time Magazine and the New York Times, they were outposts for us propaganda on foreign policy during the Cold War. But I think, you know, there was a long time when journalism was considered this like working class.


Oh yeah. You know, outsider profession. And the people who went into it didn't wanna be like wearing Armani suits and you know, going to dinner at the White House and, and with like b less celebrities, they were just like, you know, working class guys who just wanted to like throw rocks at power. That was their personality. That's why they went into journalism. And of course, going back even further, like the first amendment says, you know, all Americans enjoy freedom of the press. It's, there was no such thing as like this secret priesthood of called journalists like professional. The press was literally the printing press that everybody could use and everybody did use, you'd have to be a journalist to use it. It was just a means of expressing and disrupting and and informing and organizing. And that's what they protected. And as huge corporations started buying media outlets, you know, like Westinghouse buys CBS and it's owned by Viacom or Disney now owns a, b, c, you know, that sort of thing.


The corporatization of, of mainstream media, if you think about the kind of attributes that are required to succeed in large corporations, it's never being disruptive to anybody who has authority. It's conformity. It's, you know, just sort of being a good soldier for people in power, which is the exact opposite attributes that make a good journalist. And the incentive schemes that journalists are now encouraged to follow to rise within media are the kind of people who worship power, who are, who are obedient to it.


Exactly. And that to me has become the most fundamentally rotted apart. And that's why, you know, what inspired me to go in journalism like the, the blogosphere of like the early two thousands, which are like just all these anger people on the right and left, like hating the media, no credentials, but like seeing things that they weren't seeing, you know, hating the Bush administration, but either from the right or from the left hating the mainstream media seeing thing. And it like, you start realizing like, wow, like this mainstream medium politics is like a tiny little, like Obama once described it as, you know, like, well, like John Bayner is supposed to call me a communist. But you know, everyone knows the reality is we just fight within the 40 yard lines. Like we're basically on the same team. We just the 40 yard line. And you realize there's this whole other space and lay of looking at things and it was really the internet that gave rise to it, which is why the internet is and controlling it and censoring it is the thing that is on the top of their agenda because it's the biggest threat to them.


So the people trying to wreck our civilization want you to be passive. They want you weak so they can control you. Weakness is their goal. No thanks. Our friends at Beam, a proud American company. Understand that our country can only be great if its people are strong. And that's why they've created a new creatine product to help listeners like you stay mentally sharp and physically fit. People like to mock creatine. Ciena doesn't like creatine at all, But People buy it 'cause it works. Beam's, creatine can help you improve your strength, your brain health, your longevity. It's completely free of sugar and synthetic garbage that's in almost everything else that you eat. Of course you don't hear about it too much because again, a population that is strong, clear-minded and physically capable is a threat to tyrants. That's why they want you to play in video games. To celebrate American strength, actual American strength beam is offering up to 30% off their bestselling creatine for the next 48 hours. Go to shop beam.com/ Tucker, use the code Tucker at checkout. That's shop beam BEA m.com/ Tucker. Use the code Tucker for up to 30% off. It's built on core values, integrity results, no BS beam. We strongly recommend it.


In honor of military appreciation month, Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindi at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 99 or more with new line on eligible plan gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine 0.9 purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months, less $800 trade-in or promo credit applied over 36 months, 0% A PR trade-in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade in and additional terms apply.


Why do you see things? Well, I should just say I think your mom worked at McDonald's actually. Yeah, I mean I think, you know, it's just like, I think, which wouldn't Be shocking if you were in any other business, but I don't think I know a single other person. I don't think I know a single other person in our generation in media who can say that. Yeah, I think like I do. I mean Richard Nixon had this as well, this like, you know, I think Trump has it to an extent too, even though like Trump grew up very wealthy, but it was like outer borough, outer borough wealth, which is not looked upon kindly at all by like old money in Manhattan at all. And then he comes into Manhattan and started building gigantic buildings and being all like flashy about it, you know? And so he understood that he was looked down upon by those people.


Same with Richard Nixon. Richard Nixon always knew that like the intelligent on the East coast hated him, thought he was disgusting. And I think if you grow up feeling excluded from certain kind of power centers, there's always gonna be a kind of resentment that you have toward it. And I suppose in some way that could lead to like a desperation to be integrated into it. But I think more often than not, and certainly in my case, it made me wanna like sh deconstruct it and show like the facade that they use to glorify themselves, but the dirt and felt that really lay underneath. And I think that kind of distance really helps with clarity of vision. I totally agree.


And traveling, you were saying last night that you think that traveling is one of the most expanding things you can do. I had this, I did that interview with Alexander Dugan. Yeah. And I know you've interviewed him too, And I know we're all supposed to hate him and he is a fascist, whatever. But one of the reasons I really loved him is, you know, he's a philosopher. And when I say I loved him, I mean I love talking to him. He's a philosopher. And I like that was, I know I sometimes I studied philosophy in college. It was my obsession. I wanted to teach philosophy. I ended up being more practical in law school. But thinking about, you know, things in like terms of their first principles and like always needing a like rationale or a logical train that gets you from the start of your question to the end of whatever answer you think you've embraced is very important to me.


And just thinking about, you know, like not being reflexive. So one of the things he said to me was, he said, you know, I'm always accused of being like a racist or a white supremacist because I'm so devoted to preserving Russian culture and Russian civilization. And he said actually the biggest racist by, by far are Western liberals because they believe that their way of being is so superior that every single other culture should give way to adapting itself to their way of life. Like the whole world should be homogenized in their vision because they're inherently superior. Like they find a tribe, some ancient tribe, and they wanna immediately like mold it into like was Washington Neoliberals.


And what he was saying was like, what makes the world valuable and interesting and ultimately like the way you advance and think about things is that you have all these different traditions, all these different civilizations like Russian civilization and Chinese civilization and Muslim civilization and you know, western civilization and preserving those is what ensures that we have this diversity of thought and it's like a seed bank. Everything. Yeah. Everything contributes something. Exactly. And So you are constantly told, and maybe it's this universal when you grow up in a society that your way of life is, you know, we're always told like the United States is the greatest country ever to exist in the whole history of the world. Like what a great coincidence for me that I was born in like the objectively greatest country to ever be on the planet.


Not just now, but all of human history. And there are some parts of the United States that I know I love And I think are very uniquely valuable for sure. But the more you get to know other types of ways of thinking and you, when you have this experience, like some neighbor has a politics different than yours and you think they're crazy, and then you go and talk to them and you understand them better. Yes. And then that makes you be more open to ways of looking at things that, that to me is what, you know, like intellectual vibrancy is, is going to places that you don't understand hearing ideas that you were taught to believe are crazy or evil or wrong. And then, you know, when you talk to the human beings who believe them, you understand that they actually have as much conviction about it or as much rationale for it as you do for yours.


I just think that's a beautiful sentiment and thank you for saying it. So what you're really arguing for is diversity. Yeah. Like diversity, like not the kind that, you know, we've been told is diversity where everyone thinks the same thing, but like they have surface level diversity, right. The The Indian guy, the black guy and the white lady all went to Princeton and they're diverse. Yeah. Like I remember this initiative where we wanted to diversify our newsroom at The Intercept. And so we hired like a black Harvard student whose parents were partners at Goldman Sachs and then like a Latino person who went to Yale and their partners were at JP Morgan. And then like, you know, and that was like diversity, like everything but like working class diversity or experiential diversity, you know, the most like superficial kind, the most easily accommodated kind.


Yeah, I do know very much. So what did you think, So you interviewed Dugan in Russia, in Moscow. What did you think of it? When was the last time you were there? I had been several times because I visited Snowden and you know, we in Citizen four, the one of the last scene of Citizen four, the film that was made about the Snowden, our, our work with Snowden that won the Oscar that Laura Poche directed was her and myself going to to Russia to interview Snowden about like a next sort of story that the understood imagine pardon To interrupt, imagine a Snowden film winning an Oscar now. I mean at the time it was, we were, we, when we started winning the all the awards and we did the whole like award circuit and we started winning, we were very shocked.


And at the time, I remember after they announced Citizen ve is the winner of the Oscars, it was Neil Patrick Harris, who was the host of the Oscars, we had gone on stage and got the award and he then said Edward Snow didn't wanted to be here, but he was unable to for some sort of treason, you know, like playing, doing a word play on reason, but like what the word treason. And it's like you fucking idiots. Like you're Hollywood. You went through like the McCarthy era, you went through all these things that you claim. Well, he was told to say that was, yeah, of course it was part of the script. But it was a very, you know, war is a brilliant filmmaker And I think the, it won because of the quality of the film.


Like, and the drama inherent in the story, not be because the politics of it were that we were exposing spying programs developed under President Obama largely, almost entirely. But as you're still right, this was before Russiagate, this was before, you know, where anything connected to Russia was considered. Like There's no chance you wouldn't even get it here. I don't think it would even, yeah, they wouldn't even consider it right. At this point. So you'd been to Moscow before, but you were just there this winter, this spring Just yeah, a few months ago. Two, three months ago. What'd you Think? Well, I mean, you know, we talked about this before, but like, I remember the first time I ever went to Russia, I was so shocked by the immense disparity between what I had been taught to think was what Russia was like and what I was seeing in front of my own eyes.


And you know, you can go anywhere and like, you know, people come to Brazil, to Rio Gi Janeiro and they only go to the richest neighborhoods, right? And they're like, oh, it's, but you know, there's a whole undergirding of misery and suffering that you don't see because you don't go there. So I'm very cognizant of that, right? You can't go to a country and spend like two days there and be shown the best parts right. And think like, oh wow, nonetheless, it's not only beautiful, it's extremely well run, it's clean. But the thing that, you know, that I felt like was most present was the, the richness of Russian history and culture and tradition. I mean, this is a civilization that has been around for, you know, thousands of years and that has produced the highest in like literature and music and dance and architecture.


And I mean it, and has been through like wars of, of like and and like the most difficult kind. And and you just feel the heaviness of all of that. Like the gr the gr the, the, the, the greatness of it. And obviously I understand that there's political repression there. I understand that there's a huge all kinds of social problems. I'm not denying any of that That's true everywhere, right? Pretty much. But you understand why Russians have this immense pride in their country and in their civilization. And so It didn't feel like a gas station with nuclear weapons, as McCain said. Exactly. Right?


I mean, is there, Has there ever been an uglier thing than any politician? Just a dumber. I mean, and McCain was dumb. I knew him very well, very, very, very, he was low iq, Totally Wasp I hate to say that, but it's true with good qualities. He had good qualities, but he was an idiot. But to say something like that out loud is like, there's just NI don't know, like if you're an idiot, keep it to yourself a gas station with nuclear weapons. There's just, ugh. Yeah. I mean, whatev yeah, I mean, that's what I mean. Like you, you know, you're Todd ology even like the greatest literature is like Tolstoy in Dostoevsky who are the greatest novelists ever and you know, Which is True. Oh, I mean, undoubtedly. And also just the history, like the role they played in World War II and like the Bolshevik Revolution and the, you know, the wars of the, the 17th and 18th centuries and then, you know, the, like Moscow itself and St.


Petersburg even more so are So, you know, beautiful and striking, overwhelming Yeah. Like in a way that like the best western European cities are, you know, like the history of it, the, the grandness of it. And so yeah, I mean that you have to go see things for yourself and you start realizing how much your con how much you know, that this, this, like when I started writing about politics, I'll just tell you this quick story. I never intended to be a journalist. I didn't go to school for journalism. That was not part of my, my life plan in any way. It was just after nine 11, you know, as I saw these radical changes like to our civil liberties and the name of fighting terrorism, but also just the climate became so oppressive in terms of what you could question, what you could say.


That's when I started feeling a need to wanna say things that I felt like weren't being said. And when I started doing that more or less full time, it gave me the luxury of going and looking at things so that I wasn't being told by the New York Times what a document said. I was able to go spend the three hours to read the document. And when you go and do that, you have the like, luxury of that time, which most people don't have. They're taking care of their kids, they're working, et cetera. You, you can't fight propaganda if you don't, you know, have the resources to do it. Especially time. I started realizing how many things I had believed And I had like a, you know, high opinion of my intellect. I thought I was like a high end political consumer, you know, I like lived in New York, I like went to good schools.


In many ways that makes it worse, not better. I've Learned that. Yes. Yeah. And So, you know, just going back And I basically decided I had to dismantle almost everything because so much of it was just ingested through no critical faculties. But why would you wanna dismantle your assumptions? I mean, that's such a painful process. It it, it sucks. But why would you want that? Why wouldn't you just say, you know, I believe what I believe and that's it. Like I decided in college, I'm changing it. It is, this is right, right. This is like right after nine 11 and the war in terror, like the Iraq war, which everybody was kind of like, wait, what just happened? Yeah, we went, just went and did this massive land war, this invasion On the other side of the country, a country that had nothing to do with nine 11 because we were told they were somehow responsible based on nuclear weapons and chemical weapons.


They actually didn't have, like, everybody at that point, more or less was starting to question. And you know, you feel angry and betrayed when inside your brain you're led to believe things that are just false. Yes. And you wanna expunge it from yourself. You want to cleanse yourself of that. I, I I think that's a virtuous response. Well I think you've done that. That has been trajectory. I have. It took a, it took a little longer, but Yeah. And it was because You were so much more immersed. It Was, it was a little more painful. Yeah, it was right in the middle of it. But, but a lot of people, you know, didn't do, I just wanna call to the attention of listeners how rare what you did was, and that process of a self-examination, which is the root of wisdom is, is unusual.


People just don't wanna deal with it. Like Jake Tapper saying, I look upon my, some of my coverage with humility, like that fake kind of like, Well there's really nothing more galling than fake humility. I mean that's the, that's like meta fake Scripted, scripted fake humility. Because Like the one thing you hope is real is humility, but it's not. So I gotta ask you about something. So because of ai, I'm a little suspicious of things I see on the internet because is it, could that really be real? So someone sent this to me the other day. This is a person who I, I confirmed is a real person. I didn't believe it at first. Congressman Randy fine of, of Florida. And he said this the other day on Fox News last week in World War ii, we did not negotiate a surrender with the Nazis.


We did not negotiate a surrender with the Japanese. We knew the Japanese twice in order to get unconditional surrender. That needs to be the same here in Gaza. There is something deeply wrong with this culture and it needs to be defeated. So we're gonna nuke Gaza because of its culture. We're gonna kill everybody because we don't like the culture. Which by the way, lots of Christians in Gaza, Muslims in Gaza, just Innocent people in Gaza of all kinds. Well of course, But like to say there's some like gazen culture that's cohesive. It's like, what? But we're gonna kill them all because we don't like their culture. And so I didn't believe that was real. I didn't really think he was a member of Congress. I texted a friend, He's newly elected, like in the last he filled Matt, I think Mike, it was Mike Welcher, Matt GA's seat, one or the other.


It was Waltz, I think. Waltz. Yeah. So I texted a friend of mine in Congress. Is this really a member of Congress? Yes. It's like, I don't even know what to say to that, but that first of all, it's, it's evil. But how can you say something like that not get expelled from Congress or the Republican, how can that person be a member of the Republican party? I don't understand. So let me, lemme say two things about that. And yes, Randy Fe is very real. I've been watching him for a while now, ever since Trump endorsed him as this America first candidate. He had served in the Florida Senate in the Florida legislature, I maybe the Florida house. But one of those two bodies, he was so, he was a member of the Florida hates, DeSantis hates him, he hates DeSantis, he like has a feud with DeSantis.


And his entire political existence is center around a foreign country, which is Israel, not the United States. He barely ever talks about the United States. So that's America first, right? America first. So lemme just say two things. One is this broader point, and then I wanna get the more point, more important one. I started noticing this in like 2006, 2007. And I know you hear this all the time. World War II was one of the worst things that has ever happened to humanity. And the reason it happened was because you had these massive military powers with these new technologies that had never previously been used in war, engaged in mass destruction and a madman who was leading and had started the war for all kinds of reasons.


And you had the world's most powerful factions throughout the world, destroying each other in the most inhumane way to the point where we not only used Negro weapons, but after the war was over, we decided we never wanted to have a war like that again. We, we imposed by convention, we agreed to all sorts of limits through the Geneva Convention and all these other treaties and conventions, ways to make sure that what happened in World War II never happens again. The, the people who got blamed for it, it was a form of victors. Justice at Nuremberg were put to death. But at the same time, the Nuremberg trial, the, the judges and prosecutors said the only way the principles that we're pronouncing here at the Nuremberg trials will have any value as anything other than Victor's justice is if the principles were enunciating applied to all countries in the future, including the part the, the countries presiding over the tribunal.


It was meant to enunciate universal principles that all countries agreed to on earth because it was so inhumane. Like it just stripped everybody of their humanity. And yet, so every time we have a new war where someone wants to sell a new war in the United States, the only historical framework that they'll use as if they only studied one thing in, in high school and college, like the only thing they know is World War ii. And either you're on the side of Churchill, And I mean nothing about World War ii by The way. No, all but they know, all they know Is that the Wikipedia version? Yeah. Churchill is good because he went and fought. And Chamberlain is bad because he tried to use diplomacy. I wrote an article about this one like six months after I started writing about politics in 2006, how everything was had like superimposed on it was the, the framework of World War ii.


And you are either Churchill or Chamberlain, and you choose one or the other and neocons to this very day, by which I mean people who always want the United States to go to war in the Middle East and elsewhere. The minute you say you're not interested in war, you're Chamberlain. And the minute that you wanna go to war, you're heroic Churchill. And so the idea that because we used nuclear weapons against Japan, Imperial Japan filled with enormous amounts of skill and money and know-how and massive military force allied with Nazi Germany, one of the most industrialized military forces ever. That because we ended the war with nuclear weapons, then we're supposed to now use it on a completely defenseless population of 2 million people, half of whom are children who have no army of any kind.


Can't even break out of Gaza, let alone threaten any other country in the world is absolutely demented. But that is one of the core war propaganda themes that are always used is everything is World War ii. And that's the only word that we can reference. Even though at the time the idea was we have to prevent all this from ever happening again. They wanna replicate it eternally. But I don't know That I can support a party with someone like Randy. Fine. Well, so let me, I I don't understand like how could someone, Randy, fine. I mean that's so disgusting. It's demented. It's, it's that is, that is, that is psychotic to say that. Yes. But does anyone say that but About Randy? Fine. Well Here's, I think Randy, his colleagues, I think Randy fine is such an important, despite his how repulsive he is ethically, morally and physically.


Despite that, I think he's a very important instrument for looking at this radical contradiction within the Republican party and especially the, the America first movement. So Donald Trump, and obviously there were a lot of Republicans who wanted to run for that Mike Walt seat. Yes. And for the Matt Gate seat, and whoever Trump endorses is g essentially guaranteed be the winner. And he endorsed Randy fine and said, Randy, fine is all America first. And I remember the day that that happened thinking Randy fine actually is not even concerned about America, let alone placing it first. His entire political existence is driven by loyalty to a foreign country.


Everything for him is Israel. Everything. And to, to like, even to an extent that is very severe for a Congress that in general prioritizes Israel to a shocking amount. I can't think of a foreign country that is as important to as Israel is to the United States that has any other kind of foreign country placing its interest on par with, if not above it. And so here you have a member of the Republican party who identifies as America first, who Donald Trump endorses a member of America first. And whose loyalty is to a foreign country who wants to have the American worker fund that foreign country wants the American worker to pay for their military, give $4 billion automatically every year in a deal negotiated by Obama Netanyahu.


And when Obama was on his way out. And every time Israel wants to have a new war, we send them whatever they want, billions more. We feed them all these weapons paid for by the American taxpayer. We isolate ourselves from the rest of the world. We buck every un resolution that the entire world supports in order to tie ourselves to Israel. We lose our own standing, our own soft power, our own imagery in the world. We lose massive amounts of money. All sorts of people have said that the reason we have, there's so much anti-American hatred in the Middle East, the reason why people wanna attack our country, the reason why we can't get things done in the Middle East, a con a region where we have a lot of interests is because of the hatred for the United States driven primarily by our standing behind and doing everything for Israel.


Well, so Bin Laden said that in this manifesto, he spelled it out. I I just, can we just talk one second about the fact that Bin Laden wrote a note to the American people Yes. Explaining why Al-Qaeda was driven to attack the United States. And there were some religious references, obviously because Al-Qaeda is a nominally religious organization, but overwhelmingly he listed very specific grievances with American foreign policy. All having to do with the fact that we constantly interfere in that region. We place military bases on sacred Saudi soil. We imposed a sanctioned regime on Iraq for years that killed 500,000 Iraqi children.


That model. And al right Albright said was worth it. We overthrow their leaders and impose the ones that we want that then serve the interest of the United States and Israel. And we fund and arm Israel to repress and kill Palestinians. And he said that it's not that you're some country that's just sitting there peacefully. And that never bothers us. And we decided, hey, look over there. They let their women wear bikinis so we better go and attack them. Right? Like we were attacked for our freedom. So he writes this letter, I remember the letter at the time, he was interviewed by Al Jazeera and previously by, by the New Yorker.


So we got to hear from Osama Bin Laden, although right after nine 11, the US government told media outlets do not broadcast any speeches or interviews with Osama Bin Laden. And their reasoning was we're concerned that he may have embedded within his speech some sort of secret code that will activate sleeper cells inside the United States. Like he was gonna blank Morse code or like have secret phrases. And then people inside the United States would hear it. So they told A B, C, C-B-S-N-B-C, Fox, CNN do not air any interviews with Bin Laden when of course it was because they didn't want Americans to hear from Bin Laden why there was so much anti-American sentiment. It was because of our interference in the Middle East in general.


And our support for Israel in particular, they were selling this lie that it was because we're free and they hate our freedom. There are a lot of countries that are free, like Brazil, women walk around in bikinis, they have elections. Al-Qaeda has never attacked Brazil or Japan or South Korea or Norway. And Bin Laden was explaining why there's so many Muslims in that region who hate the United States, but the United States government didn't want anyone to hear it. 20 years later, while October 7th happened, and we're supporting this ethnic cleansing, And I would call it now a genocide as well in Gaza, that's what most genocidal experts, including Israelis and Jewish ones call it.


It's hard to say anything else but whatever. In the middle of all that, a bunch of young people who were told the history of nine 11, that the US government wanted everyone to believe discovered the Bin Laden letter because it was on the Guardian's website. 'cause the guardian's a British newspaper. It was not no, no, no American news outlet, despite its historical importance. And they started passing it around on TikTok and saying, oh wow. I I never knew any of this. I never understood that one of the reasons why these people attacked us was because we are so mono manically devoted to Israel and why that we're constantly interfering in that region, bombing them sanctions, overthrowing their government, overthrowing their leaders, what of course people are going to get angry at us and wanna attack back.


And the minute that letter started to become well read by the American people who were, you know, primarily younger, the US government went ballistic and demanded that TikTok ban it. The Guardian, a news outlet, immediately took the letter off their website so nobody could read it any longer. All those links that people were posting on TikTok to go read that letter would no longer work. And then TikTok immediately under pressure from the US government, which was obviously already threatened to close TikTok and ban it from the United States anyway, started banning all the hashtags. Bin Laden letter, you could not anymore read or find. I mean this is like the stuff we're taught that the Soviets did. Right? Like hiding letters, hiding documents, or racing history.


And I continued to be shocked by that, by that event that everybody thought that that was fine to take a letter that is of great historical importance Yes. Ex from the person that is alleged to have been responsible for the single worst attack on American soil, maybe on par with Pearl Harbor. But in terms of I a single day casualty count, explaining from his perspective why he did it. Like you wanna hear from your enemy, right? Like you wanna understand like what they're finding. I I want all relevant information And I decide what it means. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You don't want people deciding for you what you can and can't read. Yeah. They were petrified that young Americans were going to hear the reasons proffered and they made that letter disappear.


Why would the Guardian, which is supposedly like this left wing British publication, like why would they go along with that? The Guardian is very, you know, supportive of the Western establishment. The UK is aggressively supportive of Israel, always has been finds it with arms, does a lot of reconnaissance, fights over Gaza to feed the Israeli's intelligence. And when that kind of pressure comes to bear, TikTok a gigantic, multi, multi-billion dollar corporation, the Guardian, one of the oldest newspapers in the west, they fold in a second. Like they're no match for that kind of pressure. A pressure that said, we want that letter centered so Americans don't know about it, have never read it, don't hear from it.


So they only hear from us. But, so okay. That's, so that was just a, I I I'm, I'm still amazed every time, every, like I didn't mean to go into that because else, So why do you love Osama Bin Laden so much? I mean, of course that's, and then that I I, I remember being shocked by it and saying like, how can, how can it possibly be the case that we're watching this? And it, it wasn't, there was no pretext to it, it was explicit. Like, we can't have people reading this. This is terrorist propaganda. And then exactly. If you stand up and say, no, I actually think people should be able to read that. And then they'll say like, oh, you're pro Al-Qaeda, you want terrorist propaganda to be to spread. I'm like, no, I just think adults should have all information that they wanna have available to them.


And I don't think the government should be prohibiting certain information from, from being accessible. Also, 3000 Americans were murdered that day. And I'm an American, I have an absolute right to know every, all available information about that. I don't understand by what, what's the justification for keeping that information from me, an American citizen who faithfully pays his taxes and obeys the laws who's born here? Well, You know what? That's it. But this is, you can't do that. You know, after the 2022 invasion by the Russians into Ukraine, one of the first things the EU Parliament did is made it a crime to platform Russian state media. So if you wanted to say, you know what I wanna hear from Russia, I wanna understand like what Russia's argument is for doing this.


You you couldn't get it. I mean, you could, if you looked hard enough, you could, if you went to Rumble, you could that that's why they're a banned in France because they refuse to, to remove our tea. And Sputnik, think about what that says. Like we wanna make sure that we monopolize the flow of information that our citizenry gets and nothing that disputes what we want them to believe can even be heard or available. That's why I went to Russia because it drove me. I had no interest really in going to Russia. But it, it, I'm so grateful that I did, but it, it drove me so crazy that I wasn't allowed in, the Americans were not allowed relevant information about what their government was doing. Yeah. Like, I wanna hear from them what their perspective is. They walk away and think like, oh, they're, they're, they're murderous, you know, imperialists who just want to consume their neighbor a hundred percent.


Or, or maybe there's some other way of looking at things that I'm not permitted in the West to Just wanna know what the truth is. And that's the whole point of living here is I get to know what the truth is. I get to decide for myself what's true. And if you take that away, then why? What The, well, speaking of that point, lemme just finish this thing about Randy, fine, if I could, okay, so the, yeah, so I like in 2022 and 2023, there were a bunch of MAGA people who were opposed to the funding of the war in Ukraine and some non MAGA people too, like RFK Jr. And I was obviously very opposed to it from the start. You were too. I went on show many times to talk about that. And I had a bunch of them on like Matt Gaetz and Marjorie Taylor Greene and RFK Jr.


A a lot of them. And I always had this same plan. I would ask them like, why are you opposed to having us fund the war in Ukraine? Like, don't you want the US to stand up for Ukraine against Russia? And they would all say, this isn't our business. This is On the other side of the world. It doesn't affect my constituents. Our communities are falling apart. We have fentanyl addictions sweeping our communities. Nobody has jobs, nobody has healthcare. Our country is falling apart. We don't have the money to keep sending to foreign countries. And it's outrageous that we keep doing it. And they would be very passionate and very adamant. I would encourage them to keep developing that idea. And they would, and they would say all those things with which I completely agreed. And then my next question was always, do you apply the same rationale to the United States funding the Israeli military and Israeli society and Israeli wars?


And they would all stutter to try and distinguish why it was that they had one view for Ukraine and a very compelling rationale, but then had to say, oh no, Israel is different to the point that RFK Jr. And I actually really appreciated this about him when I kept pressing him about it. I said, you are saying we don't have money to put, to fund foreign war, that our country is falling apart. Why are we sending billions of dollars to Israel when Israelis have a higher standard of living than millions of American workers? Than millions of American citizens? Why is the American worker forced to subsidize Israel? You said we can't be doing that. We can't afford it. When you ca came to Ukraine, why doesn't it come, why isn't the same applicable to Israel? And he then finally said, you know what, I'm gonna think about that.


Maybe it is time for Israel to stand on its own. I was like, oh, you think so? This is the utterly irreconcilable contradiction at the heart of the America First movement, which is America first means we use our resources for ourself. We build our military to defend our borders, to defend the American people. We use our resources to improve their lives materially, to build better roads and better schools and better communities to offer them addiction services and whatever else they need, healthcare access. And we do not anymore use it for this globalist agenda of going around the world, giving it to other countries and funding other countries. That is the America first philosophy as Trump has articulated it.


And many people have articulated it for years. And the foreign policy of America first as well. Excellent. And then on the one the other hand, those same people, many are adamant that we have to fund Israel, we have to fund its military, we have to fund its wars. We have to subsidize the society. We have to sacrifice our own interest to protect theirs. We have to put the lives of our service members in risk, have American citizens die in order to protect Israel. And the wars that it starts with its neighbors. And there is no reconciling this, there is No way to take an America first ideology and make it consistent with this constant prioritization of Israeli interests, let alone what is now happening, which is the aggressive erosion of our free speech rights and core civil liberties guaranteed to us by the Constitution, not to protect our own government from criticism, but to protect this foreign country from criticism.


And I do think there are people now starting finally to understand that these two things cannot be maintained simultaneously. Well, it'll, it's gonna blow up the Trump movement, I think. I don't think it needs to, I I think there's a, you know, you could, you could pivot, but I agree just conceptually that those are irreconcilable goals. They're So blatantly irreconcilable. Yes. And of course the, the, the proof in the pudding is gonna be what happens with Iran. You know, I woke up today, I'm here, And I saw the New York Times and the lead story on the front page of the New York Times is Israel may attack Iran despite Trump's desire to reach a deal.


And it's like, how can that even be possible? What do you mean Israel might attack Iran despite Trump's desire to reach a deal, their weapons came from the United States. We pay for the operation of those weapons. They can't attack Iran without some kind of military and logistical support from the United States. And who is Israel? That depends on the United States. That is a vassal state of the United States supposedly to say, we don't care what the president of the United States wants and his foreign policy, we're gonna subvert it and undermine and blow it up and destroy it if we want to. That's not the behavior of an ally. And I think that, you know, as someone who's really tried to avoid this topic and bears no animus toward Israel, actually, like a lot of Israelis talked to 'em the other day.


But I think the idea that we are getting a lot out of this, our interest are being served is, is not, is clearly not true. It's The opposite. Well, You know, there's, the Israeli government has had a relationship, a close relationship with the Chinese communist government for over 40 years. And there have been a lot of transfers of military technology from Israel to China, including transfers of American military technology to China. It's a fact. People lie about it and it's not true. Well, it is true actually. And I don't think that's widely known. I mean, the Chinese help operate the Port of Haifa one the most beautiful ports in the world. Wonderful place. But yeah, they're, they're in the port of Hifa.


So how is it that the main recipient of American support both financial and moral and legal and you know, all the things that we have done for our closest ally, how is it that that country is materially supporting our main global adversary, a country really described by the Trump administration as an enemy? Okay. That's their posture toward, you know, China's an enemy and our military technology is going to Israel. And then why China? That's a fact. Like how, I don't think, again, I don't think most people know that. And I don't, I don't know, even if people in the administration know that. I mean some do. How can that, what is What's the answer to that, mark Levi?


Well, but well also, you know, there's this fascinating history, but because it's 30 years ago, a lot of people didn't live through it. People did forgot about it. It's been whitewashed. But the last two presidents that tried to exert independence with respect to Israel and that told Israel, you cannot do this if you want to continue to receive our large s were Ronald Reagan and George HW Bush. Ronald Reagan called the Israeli bombing of Lebanon. A Holocaust I know. And picked up the phone and ordered them to stop. And they did. And then withdrew the military barrack except 1982. Exactly. George a w bush. This is. And then, and Then, and then our marine barracks were bombed a year later. Right.


Barr. And Then, but then he didn't go to wars. They were demanding. He did with Iran. Iran, whoever they, he, he said, why are we even there? But the, but how Did our American mil, I mean, whatever, without getting into this, but like, did anyone know that the bombing was coming? Is it possible that information intel about that bombing was withheld from the United States? I Mean the Israelis, it's do have a lot of their neighbors under extremely heavy surveillance as you imagine they would. But the other interesting thing was in the George HW Bush administration, which was run by these kind of realists like that of the kind, you know, that they didn't call it the South of America first. But the idea was, you know, we do foreign policy not for benevolence to other countries.


We don't rebuild other countries. We prioritize American interest. People like James Baker and Brent Schooff, who were the key foreign policy figures in the, the Bush 41 administration. And he was in the ccia a had a very similar foreign policy. And their argument was what American presidents have always said, which is that one of the worst threats to American national interest in the Middle East is the ongoing Palestinian Israeli conflict of, and the expansion of Israeli settlements in the West Bank was a direct threat to American interest. And James Baker said, as part of the State Department policy, if you continue to expand West Bank settlements, which prevent an Israeli Palestinian two-state solution that harm our interests, we're gonna cease giving you the loan guarantees that you desperately need.


Why are we gonna give you loan guarantees if you're directly harming? What we keep telling you are our interests. And, and what happened was there was this massive smear campaign. You can go read it any newspaper and remember it. It was led by Bill Clinton who was preparing to run against George a w Bush, calling the Bush administration anti-Semite calling, suggesting that they were inflaming anti-Semitism by disagreeing with Israel and public. And since then there has been slander there. No President James Baker. I mean this is like one of the most respected, you know, foreign policy. Oh, I know operatives in the world. And I hated James Baker for a lot of what he believed at the time. I would have to probably go back and and revised some of that and think about why.


Yeah. I mean, if only we had that now. No, but there was like 0, 0, 0, 0 evidence that he harbored any animosity towards, Well, there's also evidence that there were plans to commit violence against George HW Bush, the president actually, that's been incredibly alleged. So whatever. No, of course. You're absolutely, what you're saying is absolutely right and no one wants to deal with, with being slandered and, and it is slander. It's not true. It's unfair. It's, it's actually pretty over the top. Well the irony of I Tucker is that you're Transferring American military technology to China. China, if they're operating, at least in part the Port of Haifa, we are supporting you. You have to explain that right away or else we're gonna stop all aid.


'cause why would we want to be supporting, why would we wanna be helping the transfer of American military technology to China? So what's like, what the hell is going on? So What's the, what is the answer to why the Trump administration given their views of China doesn't, I think that the first step, well, I'll just say my position was probably different from yours, but like, I'm not against Israel. I like Israel. I like going there like the Israelis nice people. I'm not, you know, don't seek any kind of argument. I'm not anti-Israel. But I think what America lacks desperately lacks, and it's gotten to a point where it's dangerous for the country, is like an honest conversation about all any of this stuff. And that's because certain ruthless actors, and it's coordinated online, like attack, everyone is like a, you know, call them really hurtful names that affect your personal relationships when you raise these questions.


But like someone needs to be brave enough to just say, let's have a rational conversation about our national interest. I don't think it's harder than that. But you know what, the irony of it, the core irony of it is the conservative critique or grievance about the American left over the past 20 years has been the minute you try and have an honest conversation about any kind of policy, you instantly get smeared as a racist. Right? A misogynist Because of identity politics. Because of identity politics. I don't know. And You may be suggesting that something like that's going on here, It might be a little bit similar that the minute you like, oh yes, I've noticed, suggest A question that, or even a peep of criticism about Israel. Yeah. You instantly are branded an anti-Semite. It seems pretty similar to me.


Yeah. To the tactics long used by the American left that the conservatives have been Yep. Vocally complaining about for a long Time. So that's, you know, Glen, I would love to shout you down and say that's unfair, but it's not. That is fair. It's, it's true. What you're saying is true and it's, I agree. And it's, you know, shameful. So, but you know, the choice is not between like being a Nazi or being Randy. Fine, the cho you know, there is like a reasonable, sensible, rational course forward where our country, like every other country, makes its foreign policy decisions on the basis of what's best for its own citizens. That's like, Like you can say, I don't think it's serves our interest to keep the war in Ukraine going and paying for it without being a Lin agent.


Exactly. Or saying, I don't know. You know, how is it good that American military technology winds up in China or Pakistani fighters that they receive from China through Israel? Like, if that's true, And I think, I think there's a lot of evidence that it is true. Like how is that a good arrangement and why is our greatest ally doing that to us? I don't understand. I'm like really confused. Like, why don't you answer the question? And it's not enough to call me names. You should have to have an honest conversation about this. And I do think when that begins, like healing begins, things get better when people can be honest. I think. I mean, but there's so many mechanisms. Like we just, I, I, I just, I'm still every, I know I've talked about it so many times, but my mind always gets so blown when we talk about it again, talking about honesty and discourse.


They ban the bin Laden letter. There's so many mechanisms, right? Designed to prevent, of course, any honest conversation from being held about all sorts of policies that people in power want to keep immune from questioning or challenge. Like, Hey, why are we still in nato? That's, to me, the thing that turned, that turned people against Trump, turned people in the establishment against Trump more than anything. We already talked about that. But like, that's not supposed to be a questionable topic. Like why are we still in NATO and like, oh, it's a defensive alliance except like we bombed Serbia and like Yugoslavia with it. Even though they weren't actually posing a threat to Western Europe and had nothing to do with the Soviet Union.


Or like it went to war in Libya to remove Mo Mark Gaddafi because he wanted to start using Libyan oil more for like the benefit of People. It's a defense. Okay. Glenn, if I could just say it's a defensive alliance. Okay. It was, those were preemptive wars. It's A defensive alliance. It's A defensive alliance not to be defensive. No, it's, yeah, no, I look, So there are all those mechanisms including like calling people racists for a long time who wanted to raise issues about whatever. Well, sure. I mean, I remember this in 1991 when I got into this business doing a story on Headstart. I'm, I've never been against Head Start as an idea. The original idea was like, we're gonna literally raise children's IQs through better nutrition in early early childhood education.


That is not a crazy idea. It didn't strike me as crazy at the time. And you start asking questions like, well, does it work? I dunno, it's supposed to help these kids. Is it helping them shut up racist? It's like, how was that? I was so confused. And I realized no one even remembers what Headstart is, but it was a, it was a very promising program in the minds of many that didn't work. But the point of calling you names was to continue doing things the way they'd always been done. Exactly. Because because some people are benefiting from that. Exactly. It Had nothing to do with race, just as, I don't think this argument has anything to necessarily to do with ethnicity or religion. It's just like what's best For America. The, the protest movements of college campuses were, I don't want to say led by, because that's maybe an exaggeration, but in many cases is accurate.


Ac definitely true, but in driven in large part by Jewish students vehemently opposed to the destruction of Gaza by Israel. So the idea that somehow it's antisemitic to question either the Israeli destruction of Gaza or the US financing of it. When you have huge numbers of Jews on the streets every day, marching in protest against it by itself should reveal how corrupted that that tactic is. And yet it's, it's just, it, it's so effective. 'cause it's instantaneous, right? No one wants to be called a racist. No. No one wants be called an antisemite. No. And It is an effective tactic at least like, it, it makes it so that you think like, maybe it's just easier for me to keep my mouth shut about this and talk about something else.


I've always felt that way. It's way easier. I don't wanna get involved in it. It's not worth it. I've got all kinds of concerns about my country, which really is kind of falling apart in key and measurable ways. Like people are dying younger. I feel like that's something we should think a lot about and try and fix and everything. It's like I don't wanna get involved. And I do grieve when I see our public conversation hijacked by what I consider foreign concerns. Like both sides. Like, you know, you, you shut down midtown Manhattan because of some conflict. Thousands of miles away. It's like we, Except it's an American war though. Well that Is, that is it. But but it's not just Israel. I mean, you, you see it all the time. You see people getting murdered in like the upper Midwest because of like, there's a sick Hindu, you know, whatever, all that stuff.


I just feel, I do feel like this country needs a lot of care and attention and it's been neglected and that's how I feel. So I, or maybe that's how I justify staying out of it. I don't wanna be involved in it. But you have kind of been a little bit more involved than you used to be. And I think, but also because, Well, it's gonna destroy the MAGA movement, right. Which I think is really important. It's in a sense, not just about Trump. Of course, I love Trump. I've said that many times. I I have displayed it. I campaigned for Trump and I'm glad that I did. But I feel like if there's one thing that could destroy this essential reform movement, it's like kind of our last chance to make government responsive to the people who own the government, which is the citizenry. This will destroy it because The massive contradiction sitting at the heart of it.


That's what I'm saying. Not not just that, like it's not all the stuff we talked about, but also free speech, free expression, not being punished for your views was also a vital part of this movement. I know that's what why I found so much common ground with the American writing with am maga movement over the last 10 years because it might bem in opposition to attempts to censor the internet or introduce laws to characterize certain views as hate speech and therefore punishable. And that's exactly what has been done and it's still being done. Well, I couldn't Even believe it. Like when, I always liked DeSantis. I spent a lot of time in Florida. I was there for part of the pandemic. And, And I like to anis, he's smart, you know, he's not a warm guy or anything, but I don't, you know, I'm not looking for new friends. Right.


I like respect DeSantis and he's very on it, on the details. Then he hi signs a hate speech law travels to a foreign country to sign to hate speech law in Florida. And I was so confused. I didn't even think this was real. And I said to somebody, well that was a hate speech law. It's not a hate speech. Law looks like a hate speech law. It looks like Sharia law, kind of a version of Sharia law in Florida. Shut up. And no one said anything about it. And then like all the DeSantis people start attacking me for noting that I've never talked to DeSantis again on the basis of that. Like I don't, what is that? How can you do that in the United States? I mean there, there's, there's this attempt now to impose on colleges, require colleges to adopt, but also enact into American law.


This radical expansion of what antisemitism means. Like there's laws that say, here's what racism is. Here's what you know, xenophobia is, here's what Islamophobia is, or misogyny, whatever, to expand the definition of antisemitism. To include statements not only about Jewish people who should be subjected to critique. Like you should be able to say, huh, that Ben Shapiro seems to care quite a lot about Israel, maybe even to the point that he cares about it more than the United States. Like you should be able to express that critique. So this expanded definition prohibits not only statements like that accusing any Jewish person of having greater oil. You can have you, I can say, oh that person's Irish, he seems to really care a lot about Ireland more than the United States.


Or that person is Indian. Yeah. He really seems to care a lot about India, maybe even more so you're allowed to say all That. Or, or in my case, Swedish, I've been accused of dual loyalty many times. Oh, you're, you're Obsessive Sweden, which he Really cares. Sweden Is so annoying and like very disturbing. But the other thing is, you cannot say for this is one example. You cannot say Israel is a racist endeavor. You can say Iran is a racist endeavor. You can say Hamas is a racist American. You can say the United States is a racist endeavor. You can say anything. You, you can be a student at a, at, at a school a month away from completing your PhD with a completely clean record. And you can write an op-ed saying, I think America is a country of violence and imperialism and evil.


And yes, was founded on racism and you'll be totally fine. You write an op-ed one 10th of those criticisms, but about Israel and ice is coming to get you into deport you. Why is that? Why is not just our free speech being limited, but being limited, not even to protect our own society and our own government, but to protect a foreign government from critique. I I, so this is the kind of thing that cannot be sustained by a movement that has certain values that it professes that are being radically assaulted by this one single policy and loyalty toward this other Country. I could not agree more. I mean it's, and no matter, And I, And I do think, And I know people who, you know, love Israel and believe in the project and it's fine.


I have a million friends who, who believe that and that I'm not mad at them about it. But you could believe that and say America's founding documents, its Bill of rights is sacrosanct. And under no circumstances should American citizens be stripped of their rights. Any circumstances, period. Doesn't matter whether it's in the service of a foreign nation or, or any ser in service of anything. Like that's the whole point of America. Like you could have that position, couldn't you? I mean there's the, the whole maga movement is about preserving American identity and American values. So what does that mean at certainly has to include America's founding documents, values, I dunno, it would include, I dunno what else there is.


Right? So if you cannot simultaneously say that you wanna be a movement that is devoted to preserving American identity and American values, while at the same time permitting attacks on the core rights and the core founding ideals on which the entire country was founded. Right, Right. No, I couldn't agree more. I'm for all my really sustained efforts to just stay away from the stuff. I don't wanna deal with it, it upsets people. It's like not my greatest interest in life. It's not even on the top 10. And I shouldn't have to care this much about a foreign country. That's kind of like my internal monologue on this question. I feel like it's being pushed to the point where it's in a, this whole species of new stories, ideas, developments, is a threat to, to our our bill of rights.


Like you, you, and that's has to be the point where you're like, no, stop. Right. I mean, you know, I I I was said before that you go to other countries and you see all these values of other countries that you're told have none. But I also said like there are certain things about the United States that I consider uniquely valuable. And one of them is, you know, the stuff that I went and studied in law school, which I became incredibly enamored of and still am, which are like the federalist papers and the debates over like how to form this new government to prevent it from replicating the tyrannies of other governments, including the empire that they had just risked all of their lives to wage war from and gain independence from. And created these documents that to this very day continue to be our guiding principles.


And the idea that we're going to permit the erosion of those for any reason is offensive to me. But to do so in defense of a foreign country On the other side of the world because they have so much influence in our politics. That is, I mean, that is just so offensive to me. I don't care what impact it has on my career, I don't care what people say about me. Agree. Like that is something I will never stop talking about. I agree. And I think it's not, it's not sustainable. 'cause as you said, it's the contradiction. It's just too, it's just too obvious. Yeah. And I, and, and last thing I'll say is not that it's like a top concern of mine or whatever, but I I don't think it's great for Israel actually at all. Like long term, this is not the way to play It. Well, an Israeli po politician or actually a general just said Israel's on the way to becoming a pariah state.


Yeah. That's not, I don't know how that helps. And you can't transfer American military technology to China. I just wanna say that for the fifth time because I don't think most people know that that's happening. But it is. I wanna ask you one last question. We have this like long and deep conversation off camera about what makes people happy. And there does seem to be quite a part from, you know, politics or global affairs, like an epidemic of unhappiness. Oh yeah. At least in the world that I live in, In the west. In The west, not thank God in my family. But everywhere else people are really unhappy. It's measurable suicide rates, all this stuff. Where Do you think, what is that?


What, well, first of all, there's a documentary that is on Netflix that I watched many years ago called Happiness. And it measures the rate of happiness in various places around the world. And it turns out that in some of the poorest countries in the world, the levels of happiness are at its highest in some of the richest countries of the world. The rate of happiness is at its lowest. And in many of those poorest countries, they live in villages where they have their children around them all the time. Yes. They have extreme connectivity and connection to other human beings who live in their community. They live in a communitarian way. So they are constantly receiving, one of the things, I might even say the, the, the greatest thing that constitutes human happiness, which is connection to other human beings.


We are political and social animals. We can't survive isolated. You look at any people who have been put in sustained isolation, and they will say that there's nothing worse than that. John McCain talked about that all the time that he was yes, physically savage, but that, that was nowhere near as, you know, as horrifying and terrorizing as the sustained isolation that he was kept in. Yes. Where you have no human beings around to connect to or talk to or interact with. We need that. So fundamentally, and you look at how the west is now constructed, where people leave their house early in the morning, both couples, you know, both parts of a a couple, the children don't go run off to. So everybody's running off in different directions.


When our parents get sick, we put them at homes. We don't, you know, when they get old that we put them at homes, we don't stay together as families anymore. And then when we work, we all go scatter far away and we spend all day in cubicles. And then the worst part is the internet encourages us to stay at home. People got trained during COVID, especially how to live completely isolated from the rest of the world and from everybody else. They were forced into it. And if you deprive human beings of connection, then there you can have all the money in the world, all the fame in the world, all whatever you think is, is the thing that will make you happy and you will never find happiness. And I think we know, we both know you Yohanna Hari, who's a friend of ours who wrote this incredibly Yes.


Like I think revolutionary book about how to understand addiction. Yes. And The, and depression and sadness in general emptiness. Right. He then wrote another book about just like the, the depression epidemic in, in especially among younger people in the West, that first book about addiction. The thesis of it was that people think the opposite of addiction is sobriety. When in reality the opposite of addiction is connection. And by that, what he means is that all of these things are spiritual diseases, depression and addiction and anxiety and all these disorders that people suffer from that are new. Like you, you talk to anyone in Gen ZII have colleagues in Gen Z.


My kids are getting to that age, you know, they're 16 and 17. I see their, their their age group. There's so much like mental disorder, it's because society is not giving human beings what they want, which is connection. And that's why like the only you can go talk to medical doctors about addiction and they will all tell you the same thing. Which is like there is no cure for addiction. Chemically, medically, the only cure for addiction is going to places like an A or AA or whatever. Yes. Because there you find this instant and immediate connection based on with any kind of human being based on shared experiences. And that's the only thing that cures that disease because it's a disease of the spirit, like of the soul.


It's not a biological disease where chemical medications will cure it. And I think that the ability to be open to human connection, to have it readily available is probably the foundation of human happiness. And the deprivation of it is what will eliminate human happiness. And all of modern society is about keeping people stratified and isolated and away from each other. And you know, I think there's like surveys that say, you know, people who are in their twenties will say on average they have like one friend at most, or like two friends at most, that they rarely see people live away from their family. Everything is about depriving people of connection. Not saying that was the intent or the plan, but that's the outcome.


And there's No way to have human happiness without connection. I know that in my life, the place where I've seen it most clearly is in aa. I haven't, I'm so many years haven't been to AA a ton. But the first time I ever went, I was so struck by how what I was seeing was kind of what people have talked about, but sort of presented an an ur that's replica of like true connection between people from totally different backgrounds, cultures, races. It was the diversity we're always promised, but like, we're so cynical about, I'm so cynical about this all bullshit. You go to an AA meeting and because it begins with stripping away with basically ritual Humiliation.


Oh, I'm Tucker, I'm an alcoholic. It's like, ugh. Say that out loud. It hurts even if it's true. Which my case is. And like the first admission is like I am powerless in front. That's exactly right. Like you're to confess your impotence, but You have to confess it. And once that, that strips away all the pretense. And then you, like you experience people on a level that church promises. But I, I personally have never experienced in church. I want to, but where it's just like you are dealing with people on the most human level. Like all that matters is the other person's soul or something. I don't, I don't know. I, You know, it's into like the profound experience, the new the new Pope.


And like this is the part of Catholicism that I really admire so much like the ethos of the gospels. You know, Jesus always wanted to minister to the like the lepers and the prostitutes. Yes. And the outcasts, even though there was no necessary like, common bond between them other than their humanity. Yes. Which is what the gospels teach you to, to basically think about the world as as being about as human connection as, as, as, as the ability to look at the lowest people and see their soul. Yes. See that they're all equal before God. All of this. Exactly. And one of the things diversity does, like diversity in this like modern corporatized HR sense is it pretends to do that, but it's actually is constantly reminding you of these differences and forcing you to think about them.


Like exactly. Oh, I have three black coworkers that I'm supposed to get along with And I have like two gay ones over here. And like, you're, it it, it is constantly stratifying people across these lines, like categorizing them and counting them based on their differences. And so there's any kind of like similarity or connection is forced. It's, it's like very self-conscious. Nothing causes more division than that. Right. But you strip everybody down to like, yes, no ego and have everybody converge based on their greatest weakness and suffering and difficulty. And you don't even have to give the slightest thought to, oh, this person is different and yet I'm able to have communion with them.


That's so genuine. It just happens automatically. Like it, it, all those things fade away. Like people can walk into an a meeting and just feel like they're living in a different world and thinking about other people and feeling other people in a way. And then they walk out and the whole world then reappears that constantly teaches us to, you know, keep everybody at arm's length. But you walk into those kind of meetings, the idea of it is like you strip down to your, the deepest core like foundation of your humanity. And then on that level, everyone is the same. And it's the connection that emerges from that is why it works. Why people go their whole lives to it. You know, even if they haven't had a drink or a drug for 25 years, they still need it.


Well that's why I went, I I have no interest in drinking. I went 'cause a loved one. You know, someone i, I love needed to go. So I brought that person in. I was like, I want to go every day. I've never seen anything like that in my life. 'cause it makes you, it makes you see the potential for what the world could be like. What's what everyone wants is the connection. Right. Because other people are all that matters. Just there other people are all that matters. And you, gosh, that's so easy to lose that thread. Yeah. That's like our humanity. Yeah. That's like the soul, that's like the spirit. It's everything. And that is what western society is assaulting and, and depriving people of. And so it's no wonder we have epidemics of addiction and suicide. Yes.


Anxiety disorders and depression And distraction. It's So easy to see why You, you should write, you should write on this. Yeah. I mean, I've thought a lot about it. I think a lot about it. I try and like incorporate it and, and, and at some point maybe I will. I hope you will. You can you describe it much better than I do. I'm still trying to sort it out in my head. I've really, it was less than a year ago I saw this. I was like, I've not stopped thinking about it. Yeah. We talked about it last night and so then I thought about it last night, this morning. So it's fresh in my mind as well, like in terms of what it means and how to think about it. But yeah, it's something that is, I think it's kind of like sitting there right in plain sight. It's a solution to a lot of things, but for a lot of reasons you need a lot of vulnerability and humility to strip yourself down that way to admit your powerlessness.


We're constantly taught to affirm our invulnerability. Like, I'm strong, I'm powerful, I can deal with anything, but human beings are by themselves. Not all that powerful. But there's a lot of things we can do. There's a lot of things we can't. And the whole point of these kind of addiction groups or whatever, there's a lot of these different kind of groups. I think all communities are like them, is like together, like human beings connecting to each other creates a much bigger power than every human being sitting kind of isolated and alone. Yes. I mean, I, I believe in a religion that extols humility that that in which humility is like the, the cover charge. Like you don't get anywhere without humility that teaches that God like submitted to being tortured to death.


So like, And you get on your knees in a church a hundred percent as you Islam, you like bow on the ground. Like that's Exactly right. All an expression of that same, I Remember after nine 11 when I was like, you know, all about attacking Islam. I knew nothing about Islam. I'm not Muslim by the way, I don't work for Qatar. Contrary to what a lot of people think, despite the paychecks from Qatar. Not a secret shit. But I remember hearing someone on, I worked at CNN at the time and like we had all these endless experts, most of whom kind of worked for the cia, but whatever. I realized that later, but I remember who it was, come on and be like, you know, Islam is bad. And I was like, sounds bad. You know, whatever. I don't know if I ever met a Muslim, but he's like, you know what Islam means submission and like, let it hang in the air.


That was self-evidently disgusting. And I was like, I kind of think submission to God is like the whole point of life. But I didn't Say anything. I was like, I'm, I'm, I don't think I'm against that actually anyone who submits to God. Like I'm just for that. Well, and the, the the found, I mean I think a lot of religions seek the same things, just find different ways to think about how to, to, to find them. But the whole point of aa and na, like the foundation of it is that you submit to a higher power. Yes. It can be, you know, understanding that there's a lot of people who are now atheist or secular. It doesn't necessarily have to be some like religious conception of a God. And so many people go into these groups and they're adamantly contemptuous of this idea.


Like, this is so irrational, I'm not gonna pretend that there's some magic thing. And you know, I used to think that way too. And then I gotta the point where I was like, no, you know what actually is irrational thinking that there's no higher power than you, like I am the highest power. Like that's the, the absurd thing. But it's all about, you know, losing that sense that you're invulnerable Yes. And understanding that, you know, you can find something higher than yourself and it could just be the connection of the human group. Whatever you want it to be. Like whatever you recognize as being able to something, being able to do things that you can't do is already an acknowledgement that there's a higher power than you. But if you're, If you think you're God, you're not allowed in.


I mean if you think you're God, you're gonna have a lot of difficulties in life. You're gonna be toria newlan. So It's not good. Glenn Greenwald, thank you. Really always my favorite person to talk to, so I appreciate your company. Thank you Tucker. I always enjoyed as well. Thank you. We wanna thank you for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day. We know the people who run it. Good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bell So you never miss an episode. We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter. Telling the truth always, you'll not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell. We appreciate, thanks for watching.