
James O'Keefe's line in the sand premiering only on TCN on October 10th. You can sign up to watch at Tucker Carlson dot com. James O'Keefe's new documentary line in the sand at Tucker Carlson dot com. James O'Keefe's line in the sand premiering only on TCN on October 10th. You can sign up to watch at Tucker Carlson dot com. James O'Keefe's new documentary line in the sand at Tucker Carlson dot com.


Welcome to Tucker Carlson Show. We bring you stories that have not been showcased anywhere else, and they're not censors of course, because we're not gatekeepers. We are honest brokers here to tell you what we think you need to know and do it honestly. Check out all of our content at Tucker Carlson dot com. Here's the episode. So you are roughly your younger than Kamala Harris, but in the same generation, you're an attorney. You're from San Francisco. You first ran into Kamala Harris in 2003, 21 years ago. You know, everyone in her orbit. You live in the the same world. And so with less than a month ago before the campaign, I thought it'd be interesting to hear the perspective as someone who actually knows a lot about Kamala Harris's life.


There aren't, don't seem to be many of those. So Thank you for doing this. Who is Kamala Harris? Exactly. Well, you see the words Kaa Chameleon and you know, nicknames like that applied to her today. Yes. And she really has been kind of a shapeshifter throughout her entire career and existence. I would call her in some ways a survivor, you know? Yeah. She's had a number of different environments sort of growing up in Oakland to two university professors as a small kid. And then after divorce, her mom took her and her sister Maya to Canada where she Yes.


Went to high school and then started college Montreal there. Yeah. And then she, you know, came as a almost an adult to the United States and went to Howard University and sort of immersed herself in that culture of the predominantly black college. And then she came to San Francisco where she went to Hastings in the Tenderloin area of San Francisco. So educationally, she's kind of traveled all over the United States and, but She spent her high school years in In Canada? In Canada, yeah. She spent her high school years in Canada and you know, not in San Francisco. And so I think one of the interesting things that I, I found when looking at her background is the first time she registered to vote was at age 29, so Oh, really?


Yeah. So many years after coming to the United States and during the year that she dated our former mayor and speaker, Willie Brown is the year that she registered to vote. And so connecting the dots, it seems like that might be the time when she decided that politics is in her future, because, you know, she began to create a, a voting record and, and sending down roots at That time. But she had register to vote before She was almost 30. There's no record of her having registered to vote until she was almost 30, which is, you know, I have nieces and nephews and I urge them to get educated and register to vote and, and, and get active. And so, you know, it's, it's kind of an important thing. So, well, after she became an attorney, well, after she became a prosecutor, she hadn't registered to vote.


Well, that's interesting. 11 years. Yeah. After she was eligible. Yep. Huh. Yep. Be and that's interesting. Not because everyone has to vote, in my opinion, but because she's described herself repeatedly in public as a child activist. Yeah. She was basically leading the march on Washington. She single handedly desegregated the American south. Right. You know, she was always into politics. She was a warrior for freedom. Freedom, You know, early on, And, There wasn't just for the record, there was no segregation at that. Yeah. I mean, this country, her mom was interviewed many years ago before she passed away, and tells a story about how, where they were growing up in, in Montreal, in the, in the apartment complex where they lived, apparently children weren't allowed to play outside.


So Kamala Harris single handedly protested this and organized and forced the apartment building to allow children to be able to play outdoors. So, so She was annoying as a child, is that She was a, she was a, she was a, you know, activist as a child, according to her, a mom, but then, you know, didn't exercise the most basic form of United States citizen activism by exercising the franchise until much later in life. And Huh. After she was a lawyer, how did she become a lawyer? Well, she became a lawyer, went to uc, Hastings, yeah. In downtown San Francisco. Did not pass the bar the first time she took it, did pass it the second time around and got her first job after that as a prosecutor in Alameda County.


So in Alameda County, she eventually specialized in child sex crimes, you know, an important job. And according to research that was done by some of her opposition, when she ran for district attorney in 2003, she tried something like eight cases that they can prove there during her eight years or so as a prosecutor in Alameda County. So I, I lack perspective on this, is that a lot, a little, It's very little, very little for somebody whose claim today in all of her public appearances to have been a, you know, lifelong law enforcement officer and prosecutor. And when she ran for district attorney, claimed to have tried hundreds of cases.


She actually, according to what I've been able to dig up and what her opposition dug up on her in 2003, which she never refuted two cases in San Francisco during the two years that she worked at the DA's office before quitting, and then planning her run against her boss eight in the Alameda County District Attorney's office. So she basically held those two jobs as a prosecutor. Now, Terrence Hallan, let's setting the stage of my meeting her in San Francisco. So San Francisco had a very progressive prosecutor. I think his, he was elected in 2006, sorry, 1996 or so named Terrance Hallinan fa Famous person in California.


Famous guy. He was one of some brothers. Yeah. My departed husband started on the board of the liberal Pacifica radio station with the other, one of the other Hal Andan brothers. So, you know, they were kind of regulars in the left wing activist circles in San Francisco. And Halen Anne promised to be a progressive prosecutor, and, you know, he came on board and was a progressive prosecutor, would, you know, serve soup at the soup kitchens and things like that. Kinda kind of old school liberal. And that said, he was tough on murders and tough on the serious crimes, but it was the lower level drug dealers and so forth, that quality of life crimes that he was a little bit softer on.


But he recruited Kamala Harris or hired her anyway, and she hired her outta the Alameda County District Attorney's Office. And during that campaign in 2003, he actually said that he did it as a favor to the mayor of San Francisco, Willie Brown. But there's a mixed record on that. But he gave her her chance to move from the job she was in, which was sort of, you know, Alameda County's, not San Francisco, you know, San Francisco's the, the big leagues where all the glamorous stuff happens in the Bay Area. And where we had two United States senators from there, a lot of the top brass in California that's now infecting the United States came from Cal from San Francisco County.


So she was a step up to go to be a prosecutor in the big city there in San Francisco. So she got her opportunity to move over there, and she was the head of the criminal organizations five person unit after being there for a bit of time. And so, you know, it was five people she was in charge of, but she was passed over for chief of staff, which is the number two position in the district attorney's office on two occasions. And, you know, as soon as she got there, she began making her mark and setting her eyes on her political career. Okay. So starting around age 29 again, when she moved to San Francisco, she started dating the mayor of San Francisco, Willie Brown.


And while he was mayor, while he was mayor, and he had been the Speaker of the assembly, he was maybe the most powerful machine politician in Democrat politics. Willie Brown and John Burton ran San Francisco. They had a political machine. And to win election in that town, their stamp of approval was necessary. And, they really had a, I mean, not a complete control, but they, they were the most formidable block to get ahead in San Francisco. So they kind of approved who got to be on the board of supervisors who, you know, really ran for all these different positions and handed out patronage jobs in the city. And so the fastest way to ascend and politics there is to be tied to the coattails of, of Willie Brown.


And so, you know, she did that. And I don't know what Well, more tied more than tied to the coattails. I mean, yeah, I mean she, she's sleeping with him, right? She dated him. Yeah. Married. That's how he describes. Was he married? It? Was he married? He is, he is still married at the time. And so he is, he's 90 today, but he was married throughout this time that he was together with her for two years. Okay. And so they were a society couple And. they went to all the operas, ballets, black tie events, very openly. And you know, I've met Willie Brown several times. He just, you know, that's not disputed that he gave her her star in politics and almost certainly encouraged her, Hey, maybe you should register to vote. That might be a good start. Certainly how to move up in the ranks.


And so one of the ways you do that is you get started with some lower level elective office. But even before that, a lot of our politicians in Congress and in the Senate and you know, former presidents have been lawyers. It's a great stepping stone to a political career. So getting a good record in the DA's office would've been a way to do that. So she, you know, hustled her way into the District attorney's office and immediately began setting her sights on her power base. So she developed relationships in the African American community, became friendly with Amos Brown, a notorious pastor and activist in the Bayview Hunters Point District, where is a large African American population.


Neighborhood. Yep. And, you know, it's one of the rougher parts of town where the projects are, a lot of the drug and gang violence was centered in that area. And so she tried to make that, her patch and her theme was, you know, supposedly hard on crime, but, but not in an unfair, disproportionate way on the African American community. So as you know, during that time, the 1990s, there was a lot of discussion in our country about harsh drug laws and disproportionate impact on African Americans. And so she kind of focused her efforts on that. And that was her assignment was criminal organizations, basically gangs. Okay.


So she was a gang and drug prosecutor, not a murder prosecutor, not a violent crime prosecutor. She never was that in her jobs before she became the district attorney. So she wanted those jobs according to reporting at the time, she wanted to be moved up to the more serious responsibilities of violent crime and murder prosecutor. But she never was given that opportunity by Terence Helenan, who I think reading between the lines began to suspect that he was, she was gunning for his job pretty early on. So after she was passed over a couple of times for the top lieutenant position in the district attorney's office, she quit.


She quit. And she went immediately sideways to the city attorney's office in San Francisco, which is also a prominent breeding ground for some, some excellent judges. I've been up, I've been in front of, have been city attorneys. Dennis Herrera was the city attorney at the time, and he held that position for a very long time. So she moved sideways after less than two years at the district attorney's office to the city attorney's office, where she put together a portfolio involving child welfare and, you know, sort of juvenile offenders, you know, that sort of a thing. Again, I will call it a pretty fluffy portfolio, but something that's designed to give her something to talk about if she runs for office.


And so, so for two or three years she spent her time there at the city attorney's office. Again, by the way, all on the, you know, public employment. She's never had a job in the private sector ever. Ever. And so Pamela Harris Has been living on taxpayer money her entire, she's Six her entire, her entire career. That's correct. She's never had a private sector job. Now lemme pause for a second. While she was doing some of these jobs, she actually was doing multiple jobs on paper because Willie Brown, one of the, one of the positions that you get access to when you're the speaker and then you pretty much continue to have a lot of access to over the years is the ability to appoint people to patronage jobs.


And so before he, you know, kind of left the speaker's office, he was able to appoint her to one of two commissions. So she was on a taxpayer funded commission called the Unemployment Appeals Board. And so you hear appeals of denials of unemployment benefits, that's a cushy part-time job, which pays almost a hundred thousand dollars salary. You show up a couple of days a month. And then he also got her appointed to a second sort of part-time job, very part-time, couple of days a month again, called something called like the Med Medical Assistance Commission, which was dealing with Medi-Cal contracts and, and appeals over that.


And so over the years that she was taking a salary as first in Alameda County prosecutor and then a San Francisco County prosecutor, she earned an additional over $400,000 over a five year period from these low show slash no show jobs. He also got her A BMW as a gift. And so, Wait, Willie Brown gave Kamala Harris A BMW, he Gave her A BMW, and he got her these extra hundreds of thousands of dollars of jobs. And to give you some perspective, the salary of a prosecutor around that time was about a hundred thousand dollars. So she basically got double or triple what her colleagues were getting.


So imagine the morale in the office when your person sitting next to you is also dating the mayor and also is making hundreds of thousands of dollars more than you because, And getting a free BMW And getting a free BMW. So she was marked out as privileged in her twenties and thirties very early on, and that allowed her to leap over the career hurdles that those of us who work for a living in the private sector have to actually earn. Yes. Right. And I think it's, and you know, she's, she's had to face these criticisms over time and she's become very glib and, and good at deflecting Yes, the criticism, but it's, it's, I don't think it's disputable that the extra income and more importantly, the patronage that she enjoyed in her twenties and early thirties made her the person who's, you know, the vice president of the United States today and seeking the top job, not merit, but influence pedaling and using her female wiles And just all the sleaze and corruption that inevitably arises in a one party state like California, You know, multiplied by, by a hundred when you're dating the most, you know, powerful person there.


And even after she broke up with him as the story goes, because she realized that he was never going to make her a wife, she continued that strong relationship. And to this day, you know, Willie Brown has endorsed her and is, you know, out there helping her raise money. And so she had broken up with him by the time she ran for District attorney, but he was instrumental in helping her raise hundreds of thousands of dollars and eventually winning in, in that, in that position. Willie Brown has a reputation for the last 60 years for corruption. I, I'm not alleging a specific crime. He was a jailhouse lawyer for years representing radicals of various kinds.


But he, he has a reputation of corruption. Is that fair to say? Oh, absolutely. And even specifically in this district attorney race. So I'll, I'll break that down for you. So Terrance Hallinan was a mixed back. He was the district attorney for, you know, the one who Kamala Harris replaced. And so, but he was tough on corruption. Okay. So there was some corruption in the police department in San Francisco. The SFPD had a scandal called Fajita Gate, where some cops got into a beef with some street vendors over some fajitas.


It was kind of a silly beginning of the story, but the end of that story is that Terence Halen and brought charges against the police chief, his deputy, and some other cops involved in this scandal. Okay, well, Willie Brown didn't like this. You know, he had put all these people, basically, basically everybody in the top jobs in San Francisco owed it in some way to Willie Brown. And so Willie Brown was able to get stuff done in the city as a lobbyist and as a fixer, and particularly for the real estate industry, by controlling a lot of the elected officials and the law enforcement in San Francisco.


There were corruption investigations that Terence Hallinan was looking at regarding some of this power structure in San Francisco. And so, by replacing Terence Haan, Willie Brown, through his agent of Kamala Harris was able to put an end to some of these investigations. These investigations were quietly dropped. The Fajita gate thing, quietly went away, the case collapsed. And the police who were accused of wrongdoing were never held accountable. But because of that investigation and indictments that were brought by Terence Lenan, you know, that began some friction. That continued some friction.


The police were also frustrated at Lenin's failure to take drug dealers off the streets. So Willie Brown, through that dent of getting his former mistress, the DA job by helping her raise money, getting her key endorsements from the socialites, the Getty family, and all the top families in San Francisco who backed her, the founder of North Face and others, Getty Getty family, be the, the patrons of Gavin Newsom. Now the Governor Gavin Newsom's patrons and the patrons, I mean, I think they're supporters of Kamala Harris and others. They've supported every major Democrat elite in California. And so, you know, they're, they their Pacific Heights establishment, noble o obliged there.


So Pacific Heights being the one of the richest neighborhoods in San Francisco. Absolutely. And so, fundraisers, glittering events, black tie events, patrons of the arts, you know, these are the folks, these are the circles that Kamala Harris moved in through Willie Brown's assistance. And so, so Willie Brown was able to put an end to pesky investigations into corruption in San Francisco and misconduct by the police department by getting Kamala Harris installed over there. So everything became smooth again when she became the district attorney and stayed that way under control for many years while she was the district attorney until she ran for Attorney General.


So every year when Apple releases the overpriced new iPhone, the big carriers play the same old game. Sign up now, next two years, some big cellular contract, get a free iPhone. Well, what do you give up in return? A lot. Don't fall for it this time. Choose Pure Talk With Pure Talk. You get great savings on the new iPhone 16, and you still get an affordable data plan that fits your needs on America's Most Dependable 5G network. Stop falling into the same trap and paying for unlimited data that you're probably not going to use. Pay for what you use with Pure Talk for just 25 bucks a month, you get unlimited talk tax and five gigs of data. That's more than enough for most people. It's not enough for You can buy more, but it probably is. So why pay for something you're not going to use with Pure Talk? You don't have to. It's proudly veteran led and its entire customer service team is right here in the United States, the country that you live in. So everyone can understand each other pretty well and they're responsive. No contract, no cancellation fees, 30 day money back guarantee. Pure Talk is easy to switch to. The average family saves almost a thousand bucks a year when they switch, try it. Go to pure talk.com/tucker and you'll save an additional 50% off your very first month. That's pure talk.com/tucker. Switch your cell service to a company You can be proud to do business with America.


It's time for a redecoration of independence. We're amid a hostile takeover. The globalists and their political henchmen are seeking control of you and America. A group of Patriots inspired by Tucker Carlson's, famous call to bravery have written a redecoration of independence, demanding that our representatives go to Washington and begin dismantling the Washington Political Empire. Go to redecoration.org, that's redecoration.org. Read, sign and Forward Red Declare Your Independence Today


During this period, how did she pronounce her first name? And I ask because she's on video pronouncing it Kamala and Kamala two different ways. So I remember her putting the emphasis on the second syllable. So it was like Kamala, Kamala Kamala was how she pronounced it. Not Kamala, Not Kamala. Kamala is actually how Indian Indians pronounce it. The name derives from the word for Lotus in Sanskrit, which is Kamal. So Really? Yeah. And so, you know that that is how you're supposed to pronounce it. Is it a conventional name? It's a it's a conventional name. Absolutely.


And it's a, it's a, it's a Brahman. She's a, she's from a Brahman family. Her mother is Brahman. And so, you know, high cast Brahman, background Braman. I thought she was oppressed. Well, she's a shapeshifter, like I said. So, although, you know, I, I saw an explanation in one of these liberal publications trying to explain how throughout the most of her career she's passed as African American and not mixed race, because of course not until Tiger Woods became prominent did people parse out their differences in their racial background. So, you know, it was, it was suggested that she had to pick one or the other early in her career.


And she's largely identified as African American. And so she really focused on the African American community in San Francisco. She identified as African American. Did she live in a black neighborhood? Did she live in Hunter's Point? She did not live in Hunters Point. Oh, she did? Yeah. No, she, she lived in a nice condo. Oh, in the south of market. In the mall, park area in white neighborhood, right? Yeah, Absolutely. But she was quote, focused on the African American. She was focused on the African American community. Now I, I've read just about everything that's very written about her. And back in that time period, Willie Brown actually got one of his political clients and patrons to rent her, her campaign headquarters in Bayview Hunter's Point, not where she lived and not where the courthouse is. But she had her campaign headquarters in that African American neighborhood at well below market rent from a connection of Willie Brown.


It's Unbelievable. We can can, yeah. And it's pretty blatant Rewind, just for one moment. She, it's without, it's not controversial to say 'cause it's factually, it's provable. She has pronounced her own first name at least two different ways. I think three or four different ways. Three or four different Ways. Yep. So if we can just like consider for a moment how weird that is. You have a non-Anglo first name. Yeah. Hermit. That's right. Indian name. I assume It's been pronounced consistently right? Since childhood Yes. By you, because it's your name. That's My name, yeah. And I haven't pretended to be different things over the years and, But how, have you ever met anyone who's pronounced his or her own first name, different ways over a Period time?


No, I, I really haven't. And it was striking to me when she was running for district attorneys when I first met her, and I had a, you know, I was new to San Francisco, I just moved to San Francisco in 2003. I'd been, I came to California in 2000 and I, you know, during the.com boom, and I went down to Silicon Valley, I practiced law there. And then I moved to San Francisco in 2003. I was new to town, so I had a friend from the South Asian Bar Association who'd practiced with her in the DA's office in Alameda County, who was, you know, helping her with her DA run. So I went to this fundraiser, I was new to town, and, you know, Kamala Harris walks into the fundraiser. It was all Indian Americans at this particular fundraiser. And so she was, you know, she, she was all business, no nonsense strides into the room wearing a designer outfit.


Well beyond her means as a district attorney, assistant district attorney, or at that time, city attorney employee like four inch heels, you know, strides confidently into the room and begins telling us why she's gonna be the better candidate than Terrence Hallahan who was running for reelection. And I recall from that meeting, you know, she was really focused on process. She didn't really have a policy difference with Terence Hallahan. She is also always painted herself as a progressive, but tough on crime. But her progressive prosecutor, okay, so she talked a lot about how the computers in the District attorney's office were outdated and, you know, we really needed to professionalize the office.


I mean, who could argue with that, right? I mean, of course the district attorney's office in a major American city should have up to date computers. I mean, I had them in my law firm, the practice And. So that sounded good. And you know, she also criticized Halen Anne for being soft on crime, which in retrospect is not fair because she had a much worse record than him in prosecuting violent crime. But I'll get to that. But, you know, she really portrayed herself as just being the younger, more competent liberal, but tough on crime prosecutor. And so she was planning to prosecute marijuana and drug offenses. She was planning to prosecute, you know, all these quality of life crimes that Helen Ann allegedly wasn't prosecuting And.


so that was her selling point in this, in this fundraiser. But when I saw her in other settings, you know, she didn't identify with the Indian American community at all. And so I, I saw her in South Asian Bar Association events after she became the district attorney and otherwise, and so when she came into an event where there were Indian Americans, there, like a South Asian lawyers event, she was all, you know, namaste, and you know, all of that, but you never saw that outside that setting, right? So She didn't do that in Hunter's Point, she didn't do that in Hunters Point. She didn't do any na stay at all. There was No namaste in Hunter's Point. That would've been hilarious. No, She, so that's fake.


And I, I immediately saw that when I saw her in more than one setting, that this woman is just pandering to whoever's in front of her, which is, of course, you and I have been around a lot of politicians over the years. That's a common theme in politics, right? But the extent to which she was willing to just adopt and abandon persona was truly Striking. Well, it's self-righteousness too. I mean, you know, of course every politician pans, I think people pander to each other. All that's all. It's all very common and very human. But when caught, you know, you don't scream at the other person and call that person a racist for noticing, which is exactly her response. I mean, Trump made that point. It was totally fair point. I thought she was Indian, now she's black. Well, sounds like he had reason to say that all of a sudden shut up racist.


Absolutely. Well, lemme pick up on that for a second. So it's been really striking in this campaign for president and even when she ran for president in 2019 and 2020, how she is very self-righteous about being in law enforcement and, you know, a top cop and a border cop, and just like this law enforcement icon. But she actually began her career in politics by breaking the law on multiple occasions. And so this dates back even to before she ran for the district attorney position in 2000, Willie Brown asked her to take a break from her job at the city attorney's office, take a little leave of absence and do some work for Amos Brown, this notorious pastor who was running for reelection for the board of supervisors.


And Amos Brown was representing that African American community, and he was one of Willie Brown's people, right? And so she had no background in politics or anything, but, you know, he thought, well, this is a good way for you to learn the ropes of how a campaign is run. And it is a good way, volunteering for a campaign is a good way to do that. She wasn't a volunteer though, that's the key point. She was paid as a political consultant by Amos Brown's campaign, but she never registered under city law, which requires all political consultants who are paid by a campaign, more than a thousand dollars to register. And so she was paid, I think, almost $10,000 during this time.


She worked there. She never registered, she was called out on it. And she skated, she explained she didn't know the rules. And you know, she, she hadn't really intended anything. And so I think a fine or some penalty was paid at that point. And that was the beginning of simply giving the middle finger to the law by Kamala Harris. She created, she, she got herself embroiled in a much bigger scandal when she ran for district Attorney. So in San Francisco, like many of our liberal cities in California, there's, there's campaign finance matching funds that are available. But there's also a benefit that you get if you agree to voluntarily cap your raising and spending at the time.


For mayor, I, I think it was a little bit higher, but for district attorney and mayor, it might've been the same. It was $211,000 So if you agreed to cap your raising and spending at $211,000. In 2003, you got a statement published in the voter guide that's mailed to all the, almost half a million voters in San Francisco registered voters saying that you had voluntarily agreed to confine yourself to that spending cap. So it's like a level playing field, and it's a little bit of, of a, a gold star that you're agreeing not to engage in corruption, wasteful spending cronyism by raising money from all kinds of unknown sources. So she agreed to that. She filed a piece of paper, she signed it under her penalty of perjury saying, I Kamala Harris agreed to this voluntary spending limit, the other, most of the other candidates in the race and candidates for mayor during that race.


They also agreed to that spending limit. Okay, so most of the candidates running for office in California, San Francisco, rather agreed to that spending limit. Well, it turns out that Kamala Harris, who by the way, started out in this campaign, third behind her boss, Terrence Hallinan, who was in the lead, and then a guy named Vic Fazio, who was a former prosecutor, then defense attorney, who was gonna be the hard on crime guy. He was eventually endorsed by the Republicans in San Francisco. So she was third, she was the underdog. And so she quickly, she was getting no traction at first. So she realized she was gonna have to really supercharge her spending. Willie Brown helped her with this.


Willie Brown also helped raise money for independent expenditures to support her as well. So it's a funny story, but you know, one of her, one of her campaign themes was that she was gonna be tough on drugs, tough on marijuana. And back in 2003, marijuana wasn't the recreational use of marijuana was not legal in California. And so she was gonna be tough on pot. So apparently some pot a activists who didn't like this, you know, they were pouring over the campaign finance records. And it's a pot activist to realize that Kamala Harris had raised over $300,000 and had spent over $300,000.


So this person went and let the other campaigns know, they filed an ethics complaint against her. And at the end of the election, she had spent over $600,000. So triple the amount that she was allowed, but thanks to hiring a good lawyer and making the excuse that, oh, the form changed, I didn't really understand the meaning of this, so please lift the cap. She got the San Francisco Ethics Commission, and by the way, many of those people on the Ethics Commission owed their positions to Willie Brown. She got them to look the other way on this gross violation. It's a crime, by the way. It could have been a, she could have been prosecuted for a misdemeanor had she been properly held accountable for this significant campaign finance violation.


And anybody else would have. But the Ethics Commission simply lifted the cap, which is not in the statute. So instead of disqualifying her, which would've been the normal punishment and prosecuting her, she simply got away with it. So in her amazing first race for elected office, she ignored the campaign finance limits. She used corrupt patronage from her former lover to raise the money necessary to do the glossy ads. I've got several examples here. She did more mailers than all of the other candidates. She had independent expenditures on her behalf, and she simply was able to outspend and blow through these limits.


And so you got An ad from her, the race in 2000? Oh yeah. The, I have a lot of this material here from 2000 and th 2003. And so this is all the people who endorsed her. And this is all the main political machine there in, in San Francisco. And now one of those guys in jail for, he is a former state senator Leland Yee. He was later indicted for Corrupt the Reverend Corruption Cecil Williams, Reverend Cecil Williams, and Keeps involved with Jim Jones. But maybe I'm misremembering that It, there's a lot of blast from the past over there because she raised so much money, she was able to send multiple of these, you know, big glossy mailers.


She's today's Voice, voice for justice. Yeah, today's voice for Justice Kamala Harris for district attorney. You know, Erin Peskin, Fiona Ma, you know, some of the shadiest politicians in California are here on her endorsement list. of course, Willie Brown, she was, you know, she checked all the boxes to get the gay community on board, the Asian community on board. You know, she really put the coalition together thanks to the mentorship she enjoyed. Here is Assemblyman Marco Leno. No one is better prepared to lead our district attorney's office in this new era than Kamala Harris. Well, there actually, almost every prosecutor in that office was better prepared.


Terrence Lenan was better prepared. Vic Fazi was better prepared. So by simply Outspending and violating the campaign finance cap, she was able to, to win this election. She, she got it into the runoff and then she was able to win in the runoff against her boss. So it was a pretty incredible upset. This is another one of her glossy, glossy mayors glossy mailers. So she's a veteran prosecutor with 13 years of courtroom experience and a 90% conviction rate. She actually had only been a prosecutor for 10 years. And her conviction rate, I mean, You can manipulate any statistic you, you want by simply changing the numerator and the denominator.


And so, you know, it's pretty incredible that the birth of this meteoric career comes out of multiple campaign finance violations. So she won, She won that race. I mean, one of the mailers from the other side is, is a mailer from the, from the tenants union, which was supporting Kamala Harris, sorry, sorry, supporting Terence Haan And. they pointed out that she had committed another violation, and that is soliciting money from landlords who she was supposed to be regulating in her job at the City attorney's office.


So one of her jobs in the city attorney's office involved, you know, sort of the welfare of people who were on public assistance. And that included people in the SRO single residence housing and Section eight housing. She's big, big in San Francisco. I mean, it's, it's a lot of our residents are on public assistance and live in this kind of housing. And so she happily took tens of thousands of dollars from slumlords who she was supposed to be regulating in this campaign. And the tenants union, there's a, there's a mailer in here, I have somewhere that talks about her taking money from the roach motels and you know, they were able to put that one mailer out, but it ended up not, not convincing people.


And San Francisco is more roach motels in any city in the United States, I think per square foot, it's probably Number one.


So we're getting pretty close to presidential election that probably has you thinking about the future and possibly feeling a little anxious about it. So what can you do to secure your future? Well, probably a lot of things, but maybe one of the first, and this is not glamorous, but get some life insurance. According to the Annual Insurance Barometer study, 41% of people don't have the coverage they need should something unexpected happen to them and unexpected things happen. In fact, it's gonna happen to all of us not to be morbid. You don't wanna leave a mess behind. You've got people who love you and depend on you. They have mortgage payments or credit card debt, they need money and you don't wanna leave them in the lurch. And that has happened probably to People, you know, and that's why we're proud to partner with Policygenius. It's a very straightforward tool that helps you find the right life insurance policy at The best price. So You can have some peace of mind. Policygenius, it is easy. You can find life insurance policies that start at just $292 per year for a million dollars of coverage. Some options are a hundred percent online and let you avoid unnecessary medical exams. And if you're in the business of avoiding unnecessary medical exams, that's good news. Policygenius combines The best of a fast and easy to use digital tool with the expertise of real licensed agents. You compare quotes from America's top insurance side by side for free. So it's not confusing and you don't suspect that you're getting shafted because you're not. Go to Policygenius dot com slash tucker to get your free life insurance quotes and see how it works and how much you could save. That's Policygenius dot com slash tucker.


So Tucker, I mentioned to you that she blew through those campaign finance limits. Yeah. And she was given a pass if she issued corrective apology and disclosure to the public. So how she did that was she had a, a door hanger. And those of us who were involved in politics, you know, you go walk doors, you knock on the doors and you hang a door hanger with your materials. So she replaced her door hanger with this Kamala Harris folded door hanger, and then in the tiniest possible print, would you like my glasses? I'll put mine on. Let me show you.


I mean, due to an error by the Kamala Harris campaign, the voter information pamphlet indicates that the campaign is agreed to voluntary limit campaign spending. This is incorrect. We take responsibility for this error. Now this is printed on the top of this hanger, so you hang it on the door. There's no way the normal, the normal wage slave coming home from their actual job where they worked, you know, a full day unlike Kamala Harris would go and lent people off. People who were not dating Willie Brown. You mean people, norm, those of us taxpayers who have private sector jobs, you come home and the first thing you do with this annoying piece of crap is tear it off. Right? So this is the part that would fall to the ground when you tear it off and maybe clutch your mail and take it.


And nobody read this like three point disclosure on this thing. And so because her patronage boyfriend had fixed it for her, she got away with this, nobody else would be able to get away with this today. I can guarantee you. And so no shame. And that's how she got her start in politics by, by breaking the rules. And so I mentioned to you these no-show jobs as well. She had the lowest attendance record of any of the attendees of these two commissions either. So on top of having a job where she got paid hundreds of thousands of dollars to do very little, she didn't even show up and do that. But there's one more fact about this, you know, in the city attorney's office, they had to keep time sheets.


Now you, you know, a lot of lawyers, you've, you've, you've gotten bills from lawyers. We Yes, I have. We, we bill by the hour. Yes. And we're supposed to record our time in tenths of an hour. Okay. So in the city attorney's office, you recorded your time that way. And so someone in one of these various campaigns she's been in over the years, did a public records act request for these hours. And her predecessor in her job at the city attorney's office was a, now I think retired or semi-retired Judge Katherine Feinstein, the daughter of Diane Feinstein, the former United States Senator. So Feinstein had the job, and then Kamala Harris had the job.


So, if you compare their hours, you see that Kamala Harris I think worked one day over eight hours in all the three years that she worked there. Diane Feinstein's daughter regularly worked long, normal lawyer hours. She worked one day over eight hours in how long? Three Years. Yeah. And she's Just lazy. Yeah, And, there were a number of days where she had block eight hours phone calls, research something, eight hours. So she didn't work full days in that job. That's, that's what any supervisor, I'm a supervisor about 25 lawyers. If I saw time sheets like that, I would call that person and I put them on probation because they clearly aren't working a full day's worth of work.


They're block billing, they're putting down time. They're, they're doing a lot of admin time, days and days of admin time, meaning I didn't work that day. I read the newspaper, I did continuing legal education, I did some, you know, background research. She did not work those full days. So that's a, that's what any supervising lawyer being honest would tell you. So that's pretty striking because as it is, you're, you know, only expected to work, you know, sort of nine to five, unlike those of us who are, you know, working in the private sector, working much harder to make a living and keep our jobs. Yeah. There's no such accountability in, in the, the jobs that she's held. And so when she ran for da, she claimed, I've tried hundreds and hundreds of serious felony cases and she got busted by the tenants union saying, actually you've tried 10 cases.


And then she had to sort of over the years own that maybe she was affiliated with hundreds of cases. She didn't actually try them. And look, as you get more senior as a lawyer, you don't try every case. I get it. But in those early years of your career, if you're billing yourself as a top cop and a top prosecutor, normally people do, but that is not Kamala Harris, You have a, an excellent memory, well, in general, but for this period, 20 years ago, and you were around Kamala Harris living in that world, met her all that. When you see Kamala Harris now, does she seem like the same person to you?


So this is interesting, Tucker. I got the impression from the first time I met Kamala Harris when she strode into my friend's apartment in that small fundraiser of an extremely confident, competent, articulate person. Yes. Now, I don't think she's a great lawyer, and I think she's hardly had much courtroom experience, but she exuded competence and confidence. And the Kamala Harris you saw as Vice President of the United, States seems to be a completely different person, inarticulate, lacking confidence, almost like dazed or medicated in some way.


And I don't know that, of course, I'm just telling you that the impression of somebody extremely competent and confident and able to talk about their record, their recent record, even falsely with a degree of confidence in bravado it, there's a couple of dynamics there. First of all, I think the record that she's been running on is way in the past. And so it's become part of her own personal hagiography that she's yes, you know, this brilliant, accomplished, stunning, you know, top cop who people, criminals quake in their boots to see her. That's not true. But you know, it's, she's adopted it, but it's also way in the past.


But secondly, it feels like she's not able to articulate herself. There seems to be a veil of inability to string together complete and coherent sentences. She seems afraid to me. And you saw it in the opening moments of her debate with Trump, where I thought she did, she did well as the debate continued, but in the opening moments, it's worth looking at the tape again. You see her eyes, this woman's terrified There. Maybe it's imposter syndrome. I don't know what it is, but what can you explain Imposter syndrome? Well, imposter syndrome is somebody who is successful has reached certain levels of at least outward appearances of success, but yet is plagued by self-doubt that maybe I don't belong here.


Right? What am I doing here? I feel like I'm an imposter. How did I find myself here? Like a bad dream? Yes. Like those dreams we all have before the exam that, you know, you go in and you haven't studied and it's the final exam, right? You're, you're in your pajamas or something. Yeah, you're in your pajamas or whatever. And so, but it isn't one, it can happen to any of us. And then we all freeze sometimes in tense situations. But we've all seen her on the national and international stage doing increasingly incoherent word salad statements. We've just seen the, the incident with 60 Minutes substituting a completely incoherent answer that she gave to a question with something else that she did in another part of the interview, or maybe even taped afterwards.


Who knows? I have no idea how 60 Minutes came up with that. But, But 60 Minutes got caught lying about the interview. 60 Minutes has been caught blatantly fixing her incoherence for her. And you know, that has been the case with the mainstream media. And I think this is a theme throughout her career, dating back to that 2000, 2003, is she gotten her leg up in life by shortcuts, not by meritocracy. And then she finds herself in a position that is beyond her capabilities, and then she has to lie and exaggerate to maintain that position and get, get to the next level, but with the assistance of the democratic machine in California. And she, to be fair to her, she's not the only person.


I mean, Gavin Newsom is another example of somebody who has faked his way to the top. Javier Becerra, who's in the cabinet today, is a guy who had basically one year of legal experience before he became the Attorney General of California. And so California's machine has produced a number of underqualified and overconfident duds. But this person is seeking the top job of the United States with, with an exaggerated record, with a tattered history of sorted ways that she got to where she is of numerous legal violations that could have resulted in criminal prosecution, just the campaign finance violations alone.


And so, you know, I can understand why somebody might have an imposter syndrome and that's their history. I know the sad thing is California used to be famous for producing things from the world's best ag to aerospace to great movies. And now it's like failed light rail projects in Kamala Harris and Gavin Newsom And, and gaslighting gaslighting the voters on so many levels. So I mean, Kamala Harris promised to San Francisco voters to get elected that she was going to be tough on crime. The murder rate skyrocketed during her years as a district attorney. And why did that happen? Well, gangs in the whole Bay Area, they do talk to each other. I was talking to a prosecutor in her office a couple of days ago in preparation for our interview And.


they, and this prosecutor said, Harmit, these criminals, you may think, oh, they're like, you know, criminals are on the margins of society, they're subhuman. No, they're very smart. They communicate with each other. They know that if you are doing certain crimes in San Francisco, you're gonna get a pass. If you're doing drunk driving in San Francisco, you were gonna get a pass during Kamala Harris' tenure. If you did it in Alameda County, San Mateo County, Marin County, you would get prosecuted. So guess what? The criminals came to San Francisco to do, their drug dealing to do their break-ins, their hot prowl burglaries, their low level offenses. Kamala Harris was notorious for being hard on gun possession by legal taxpayers, but extremely lenient to the point of multiple criminals who possess guns committing murders after she let them off with a slap on the wrist or no punishment at all.


So there was a double standard there in her prosecution. And That's a theme throughout the state where, you know, they've legalized stealing. Yep. You can steal from stores and nothing, no one can do anything about it. But any store owner who tries to defend himself against violence or homeowner who tries the same, will be prosecuted. That's right. Why? What is that impulse, that anarch co tyranny, where does that come from? Well, it's, it, there's two aspects of it. First of all, it's treating the successful people in society as criminals and putting them in a box. I mean, I'm a legal gun owner and you know, the scrutiny you have to jump through to get a gun legally, and California is incredible.


But if you sim are an illegal alien, you get a free pass. We're a sanctuary. We were a sanctuary city before we were a sanctuary state. So Kamala Harris has long been in the camp of protecting those folks by simply looking the other way, Breaking federal law. In other words, Breaking federal law. And How is that then, not insurrection, by the way? I mean, I think it's, look, you know, the criminals have guns And, they get away with it. But How is it not, I mean, she's always running around calling all the J six of the diabetic grandmothers languishing, imprison, insurrectionists. But how is it not insurrection against the United States of America to allow foreigners in your coun, in your state against federal law?


Well, I completely agree. I mean, it's even worse than that. There was a in, in interesting situation where a criminal committed a crime in San Francisco while she was a district attorney. And that criminal was free to commit that crime because she had pushed for that criminal to be part of a program of rehabilitation. So there was a rehabilitation program, or if you did some job training as someone arrested for a serious crime, you could avoid prison time. Well, an illegal alien is not entitled to hold a job. So San Francisco taxpayers, California taxpayers under Kamala Harris's leadership were paying for jobs, training for illegal alien criminals to get out of their criminal sentences.


And then they weren't even eligible to go on to hold those jobs. So one of those people committed a serious violent crime shattering the skull of a taxpayer in San Francisco. And he was able to do that because Kamala Harris signed him up for jobs training when he isn't legally allowed under the United States Law. Why would you want that? I mean, you clearly are trying to overthrow the society, You know, you're pandering to a particular element of society. I think eventually Democrats have wanted to legalize all of the illegal aliens in the country. That's not a secret. Now, they tried to lie about it in the past, but today that's a campaign promise of hers that she wants to legalize all of these illegal aliens in the country and get their votes. So it's a long-term vote recruitment program by these folks.


But look, you can't forget the detail. So she's the insurrectionist. I mean, she's the Insurrectionist I'll overthrow the United States government and system and destroyed democracy and invalidate our founding documents, our core freedoms. I mean, that's all, those are all species of insurrection that would seem to me, she sounds like a criminal. Well, she's broken a lot of laws over the years just in the, you know, white collar laws. But she's enabled hundreds, if not thousands of criminals to go on to commit violent crimes and even, even fatalities. I mean, there, there are police officers in San Francisco who lost their lives because Kamala Harris was soft on the criminals who went on to kill them as one of their dozens of offenses there.


There's a long trail of victims in San Francisco and now California who have suffered because of Kamala Harris's soft on crime policies. And she's lied about it and gotten away with it. And it's kind of incredible that someone who failed, who increased the murder rate by many percentage points, who, who prosecuted almost no violent crimes in San Francisco during the many years she was a district attorney. She, she failed up to becoming the Attorney General where she went on to violate the rights of criminal defendants on a much more massive scale. But even before that, Tucker, one of the interesting incidents is in the last two years of her race, of her tenure as district attorney, she was embroiled in a major scandal involving the systematic violation of criminal defendant's rights.


And in San Francisco, in the drug lab, there was a drug technician who was supposed to test the drugs and this person was sampling the drugs, taking them home and sampling them, and also making numerous errors. This was an open secret in the District attorney's office. So after, you know, people mentioned it on numerous occasions, judges chastised the District attorney's office. Eventually a top manager in the office sent a cover your ass email to Kamala Harris saying, Hey, by the way, I think the, the head of this drug lab section is actually taking drugs and regularly violating protocols and handling evidence.


Kamala Harris, instead of doing her immediate duty as a district attorney to inform all defense counsel in all the cases in which this lab technician had handled the drugs for testing, she sat on it for a period of three months. And it only came out not through Kamala Harris disclosing it. And so the judge in that case, Christine Zuo excoriated the District Attorney's office. Now by this time, Kamala Harris had been the district attorney for six years. In the six years she was a district attorney. She created no protocol for disclosing to defense counsel. This what's called a Brady violation, a violation, which is so massive that you have to disclose to the other side that there's been a due potential due process violation that could be exculpatory.


So she got in trouble for that. She went on after that, two years later to become the Attorney General of California. So there's literally no accountability for, by some accounts, 1400 cases, either convictions or pending cases had to be dismissed in San Francisco because of this due process, violation of the rights of the accused. I personally litigated a case against Kamala Harris, myself, and I saw the same pattern. So I had an important civil rights case involving a sick applicant for a prison guard job in the, in the prison department in Sacramento County. Kamala Harris was the Attorney General when this case went to trial, was getting prepared for trial.


And I had won this case at the administrative level. So I was able to prove at an administrative hearing for state employees that the civil rights of my client had been violated because he was denied a job with the prison department because of his articles of faith. He had a beard, he had a turban. And under federal equal employment law and state law as well, you're, you know, the state has to accommodate that. They had to, you know, offer him the opportunity to take a different gas mask test and prove that he could do the job well. I won that case at the administrative level, which should have been a slam dunk for the state to agree that he should have this job. Well, Kamala Harris fought that job, that decision, all the way to eve of trial.


And I remember, you know, getting the United States Department of Justice involved in this case. And it was only after the United States Department of Justice opened up a civil rights investigation from the Office of Civil Rights into the State Corrections Department and how the state was handling this particular case. And after I got a National Coalition of Civil Rights Organizations ranging all the way from the American Civil Liberties Union to the Beckett Fund, a conservative organization. So a whole panoply of almost 30 civil rights organizations, only when I had a massive press conference on this issue did Kamala Harris, four years into this case, finally agree to settle the case. So, you know, and why would, why would she do that?


Well, the Prison Guards Union, it turns out, only wanted accommodations for certain people, but not others. And, they didn't want this newcomer coming into their ranks. So there, you know, there was a blatant violation of my client's civil rights, but I finally won. But only after exerting outside pressure, and this has been her pattern, typically she's only willing to back down, not because she's wrong, but because she's embarrassed or confronted publicly. And even then she's had such a entire career of faking her way to the top that there's just no shame there. And, you know, she's willing to continue to lie until she gets shot. How she gets to be Attorney General of the state of California after failing as a prosecutor for San Francisco County?


Well, again, it's the machine politics of California. You mentioned Gavin Newsom. You know, at the same time there was consideration of whether Kamala Harris might run for governor. And basically in the upper echelons of Democrat politics in California, these things are all worked out in advance. You know, multiple people might want the job, and I can guarantee you that's happening right now. In the case of Nancy Pelosi, who's, you know, reaching the end of her career at some point of her, you know, it'll, it'll naturally expire, but there's a lot of jockeying like that, you know, which constituency, is it gonna be gay? Is it gonna be Asian? Is it gonna be black? Who's gonna get the prize? So it's kind of like that. So, so That's all that matters though. All that matters is identity politics. So, you know, at that point in time, she was a district attorney and she could have run for multiple different offices.


Senate wasn't open at the time, so she ran for the attorney general position. And so despite this massive, and I could go on for hours, I have a dossier of horrific instances of gross civil rights and human rights violations that occurred on her watch. She had the resume and she had the powerful backing, and she checked the boxes of identity politics. First woman, first American, first Indian American, you know. So she checked those boxes she ran. Now she ran against a highly competent, seasoned district attorney of Los Angeles County, Steve Cooley, who I consider a friend, and who's been a fellow warrior in the pro-life movement with me.


Steve Cooley ran the strongest campaign that year of all the campaigns. And he narrowly lost by just a handful of votes he was winning on election night. This is a familiar story to people who've been watching elections recently. He was winning on election night. And then in California, we don't have election day, we have election two months. People are able to vote for 30 days before the election, and then they have 30 days to count the votes. In Florida, by the way, they typically announce the results of an election on election night, like in civilized countries. But in California we don't do that. So, because That just makes it easier to cheat if you, it Makes it easier to cheat. Yeah, a hundred percent. So she won extremely narrowly, I think it was like 2000 votes statewide in a, in a state of 40 million people.


She won extremely narrowly and she won weeks into the election counting, ballot counting period, period. So I think we can maybe not prove, we can assume cheating, You know, that was certainly suggested. I, I can't prove it today, but I can say that when you're talking about a single party state machine politics, differential application of safeguards on how votes are counted, like some counties match the signatures. Some counties don't bother to do that. Even, those that's required under the law. Some counties look the other way on irregularities on things like, is the ballot dated?


Some don't. Some counties, Los Angeles County is a prime example, have over a million voters on the voter rolls at that time who were not entitled to be on the rolls. Dead having moved multiple registrations Over A million, over a million. A 2017 settlement after a lawsuit by judicial watch in Los Angeles County showed that in Los Angeles County alone, there were over a million people on the rolls who should have been removed. And, they entered into a settlement and I think four years later they still hadn't removed those people. Crazy, crazy. From the voter rolls. And so when you have a state, you add, you add covid to that. So four years after 2017 is, is covid, and you start having all male voting because of covid.


Suddenly there are a million extra ballots. All Male, not the Saudi kind of all male, but M-A-I-L-M-A-I-L by mail ballot a a mail ballot voting 'cause. 'cause all mail voting would, would not allow Kamala Harris to be elected. That's correct. That's correct. So, so in, in our system there in California, which by the way has now become the national system by default, because crazy California politicians are now running the country in many ways or seeking to run the country. It's a very dangerous situation for election integrity. And the person seeking the top job in the United, States got her start with campaign and election violations, got away with it, has won elections while getting away with it and is now seeking that top job.


So if anyone thinks that she would qualm or have any second thoughts about violating the law to get what she wants, she's done it many times in her career.


So this is a stressful time of year. The kids going back to school, vacation is over. It's the height of a presidential election season. There's a lot going on. You need a good night's sleep, but it's never been harder to get it. So we were talking about this in the office the other day, and a couple people who work here were raving about a product called Eight Sleep. Hmm. And I wanted to know more about it. It turns out that temperature has a lot to do with whether or not you sleep comfortably and wake up feeling rested like you actually slept. Now the makers of Eight Sleep Pod figured out that if you make a climate controlled mattress cover, You can add to your existing bed You don't have to buy a new bed, just the cover that it changes everything. You get far fewer problems with falling asleep and staying asleep. And so you feel rested the next day. Sleep actually has its desired effect. The Eight Sleep pod can be used to warm up or cool off your bed. And that matters because temperatures change seasonally. We have climate change in this country, it's called winter. And so You can feel comfortable all night long. It even adjusts to different preferences on either side of the bed, which might be helpful in your relationship if you have one of those relationships where the different partners want different temperatures. And those are pretty common. The Eight Sleep pod has been studied. It's been proven to improve people's sleep and health. Mark Zuckerberg's into it. Elon Musk on the other side, many others use this product, including people here. So try it. Go to Eight Sleep dot com slash tucker. Use the code Tucker to get 350 bucks off the Pod four Ultra recommended.


What kind of Attorney General was she? Well, she had a couple of big flashy cases involving, so-called consumer protection, but civil rights organizations criticized her for repeatedly violating the rights of the accused. There were several instances of actual innocence claims by convicted felons who claim that it was a case of false identity or otherwise. And her attorney general's office rigidly took the position that on a technicality, for example, that someone had failed to raise this claim in a timely manner. You know, 'cause they're an un uneducated criminal, they should lose the right to prove their innocence claim.


She won on some of these, and she lost on some of these. We had prison overcrowding lawsuits in California during the time that she was the Attorney General. And federal judges ordered California to release lower level criminals from prison due to prison overcrowding. Kamala Harris was nearly held in contempt of court for failing to do this. And the reason that her office gave under her direction for not being a federal court order to sustain the civil rights of these inmates was because California has a lot of wildfires and prison inmates are used as cheap labor to fight those fires.


And who's gonna fight the fires if we don't have the free or cheap labor of the prisoners to be able to do that? I mean, it's akin to saying who's gonna pick the cotton if we free the slaves? And that's an argument made by our attorney General Kamala Harris. And she was, there Are tens of millions of illegal alien aliens in California. You wouldn't think they would have a, a labor problem? No, but you know, that's, that's a whole other, that's a whole other argument there. I mean the, I think the left is systematically counting on the votes of people who aren't entitled to vote in multiple different ways in order to try to win this coming election.


I mean, they have gone to court repeatedly, the Mark Elias through the Democrat machine that Kamala Harris is now enjoying the full support of to block voter ID laws. It's illegal in California to ask for voter id. And this is after some jurisdictions try to pass at a local level, Huntington Beach voter ID requirements when you register to vote when you vote. And so the left in this country wants to make it illegal to ask for ID in just about every other, in every other way to, I mean, to re to check into a hotel last night, had to show my id of course, To do anything, do Anything, you have to do that So, if you don't have to produce an ID to vote to choose the government, why do you need to produce one to buy a firearm?


Indeed. Right, right. Indeed. So, she seemed to have just watching, having fled in myself California decades ago. I'm just watching this on the news, but she seemed to have special animus toward pro-life people. Yes. Thank you for raising that. So I represent David Deleon, who is one of the most courageous young Americans I've had the privilege to represent. In my 31 years of practicing law, David went undercover in a long form undercover investigation, spanning years posing as a purchaser of fetal tissue in order to expose Planned Parenthood and National Abortion Federation, systematic violation of federal law.


It's illegal in the United States as it should be in every civilized place to buy fetal remains for any reason. But there's in fact a brisk trade in fetal remains and Planned Parenthood and it's members of the National Abortion Federation members were circumventing or flouting federal law by, by openly, by offering price lists for different parts of feudal remains. And you know, this is a, this is a con on multiple levels. So women who were unsure when they went into a abortion clinic, what they should do, they're in a crisis. Their boyfriend has abandoned them.


One of the selling points used by these abortion merchants is, well, the remains of, of your child will go to a good cause. They'll be used for research. You know, it's illegal to sell those remains. But actually, planned Parenthood clinics were caught offering them for sale to researchers. And so David busted them by taping in San Francisco, hotel lobbies at abortion trade shows. Believe it or not, a national abortion federation runs trade shows for abortion providers. He collected this testimony, this evidence by himself and with a couple of other helpers over the years, and then exposed it in, in video recordings that he made public.


Now this was, that'd be called journalism, I think it's called, it used to be called journalism. Hardly anybody Does that work anymore? Going undercover like you did. And it was very brave. And it was, it was explosive. As a result of this testimony, several states opened up investigations. And in some states, public funding was stripped from these clinics who did this horrific act of selling human body parts, arms, legs, livers. I mean, there was a price list that these people were circulating. And so this was obviously very upsetting to big abortion. So big abortion, which is a big supporter of Kamala Harris and other big time democrats in California.


They can be counted on regularly to contribute millions to their campaigns. So big abortion went to Kamala Harris and asked her to prosecute David Deen. Now there's this pesky little problem called the First Amendment. And the First Amendment allows citizens to do journalism. And so multiple jurisdictions in the United States have ruled that journalists going undercover, even if there's a wiretapping statute, are not to be prosecuted for that. Because 'cause of the First Amendment, they're, they're exercising their free speech rights. Well, California has a wiretapping law. It's never been used against a journalist. So it's a single party consent state. So under the rule, both people have to consent to the taping.


Now that exception is, if it's in a public place, which most of these tapings, if arguably all of these tapings in California were made in a public place. So Kamala Harris ignored the first amendment and custom made the first prosecution of a journalist in California history to David Deleon was indicted for, for undercover journalism seven years ago. And that his case has been pending now for seven years in San Francisco Superior Court Judge after judge, after judge has not been willing to send a journalist to prison, not been willing to bring it to a head.


And so people just keep changing assignments. And David remains on the hook paying all this money to defend himself from the charge of doing journalism. And What penalties does he face? He faces years in prison if he's convicted. What Did Kamala Harris prosecute any of the companies or people illegally selling baby parts? No, of course not. There's been no accountability for them in California. So she prosecuted the person who told the truth about what was happening, but not the people who were committing the crime. That's Correct. That seems evil. Well, it is evil. I mean, it's, it's, and it's characteristic of her double standards and lack of morality throughout her entire professional life.


I think that's, I I think it's, look, I mean, when, when people are looking and when she's embarrassed, she does the right thing. I mean, there's a, there's a case of a death penalty inmate who was wrongfully convicted. And it was only after somebody circulated the embarrassing ninth circuit argument where her office made ridiculous arguments that she reversed herself and dropped her office's opposition to letting this person go free. So now what's scary about this Tucker, is as you and I both know, without Elon Musk being willing to invest in X and allowing us to have a free speech platform, we wouldn't be able to have this conversation publicly right now.


Right. Well, Kamala Harris wants to make it illegal for journalists to expose the wrongdoing that public officials regularly commit. And So, if you don't have the media accountability and you don't have the ability to speak freely and criticize these politicians, they get away with crimes themselves. And so she has made it a hallmark, not only of her current campaign, but dating back to her campaign for president in, in 2020 that people shouldn't be allowed to speak freely on the internet. We must be able to, I mean, she confronted Elizabeth Warren during one of these debates trying to get Elizabeth Warren no shrinking Violet herself to agree that we must have censorship online.


And Elizabeth Warren kept trying to change the subject to her credit. You know, she didn't wanna agree with Kamala Harris that yes, we must force X and every social media platform to censor commentary that might be dangerous. Not just false, but so-called malformation. Right? Something that criticizes bad leadership. Exactly. So she wants to make it illegal for us to have this kind of a conversation. And in Kamala Harris's United States, it would be illegal for us to criticize the government. 'cause that might be dangerous. It might give people the wrong ideas, right. And, they might lose control. They might lose control. And it's their hostility to free speech.


I mean, you know, you saw the vice presidential debate recently where a sitting governor of the United States, her running mate spouted wrong think and wrong information about the First Amendment saying that, for example, you can't shout fire in a crowded theater, which is dicta from a overruled case. That that was a shameful case involving censorship of flyers during World War I of, you know, criticism of the government. That that Truly a shameful case, Truly a shameful case. And that people Who objected to getting into it the most pointless war of all time, which was the first world war for no reason whatsoever, other than the vanity and ambition of our politicians, anyone who criticized that went to jail.


And a lot of people did go to jail, People did go to jail for that. And you know, he also tried to state the canard that hate speech is not protected by the First Amendment. Hate speech is absolutely protected by the First Amendment. There's no such thing as hate speech. Hate speech is a relative term, which is whatever speech that you hate, You, don people, whatever you don't like. Exactly. Whatever You don't like. And so the freedom that we enjoy today on social media in some circles, X specifically would go away under Kamala Harris's regime. And she has gotten power and abused it repeatedly throughout her career. And we saw her shameful performance in the Kavanaugh hearings, you know, for example, where she used her platform to, to pretend to be this big prosecutor and to hold Brett Kavanaugh accountable on zero evidence.


But it's very selective, you know, when someone, when someone close to her is accused of sexual misconduct and violence, her husband, she's silent, you know? So let's, Let's explore that in a little more detail. So she marries a guy called Doug Mhh. Yeah. Who is kind of a moral scold himself. His job has been to scold the rest of us for a moral inferiority, I've noticed. But who is he exactly? So Doug Moff is a lifetime long-term partner at Big American law firms. And so he came of age, you know, around the same time as Kamala, the 1990s era.


He became a partner at this law firm, Venables big partner in Los Angeles. Can I say there's no sleazy group I've ever met. I mean, they, a lot of big law partners. I would rather make it like a rapper, the Godfather to my kids and those people. Sorry, I just wanna say that. And I grew up in that kind of a setting. No, I know. You setting in New York and you're absolutely correct. So in, I mean, if anyone's seen the, the fictional series, mad Men, the advertising agencies, well that was law firms in the 1990s and even two thousands, some people say to this day where powerful men exploited less powerful women for their sexual gratification, cheated on their wives.


You know, you wanna make partner at some big law firms. And the time I was growing up, you had to sleep with a partner to do it. I myself accused a partner at my first job of sexual harassment. And, you know, that person went on to still be a partner to this day at other big powerful law firms. And so it's really commonplace. Okay, so this guy is in that vein of, you know, that era of, of, I would really call it regressive male-centric law firm partnership. So Doug Moff has a couple of kids. He was married to a, I think a Hollywood executive, Hollywood producer and divorced from her. You know, they're, they remain on good terms.


In fact, Doug Emh H's law firm has represented his ex-wife in, in litigation actually involving a, a entertainment dispute. So they're on good terms, maybe he is done her some favors or what have you. But Kamala Harris dated Willie Brown and dated some other powerful men over the years. Monte Williams, ladies Williams. You know, there's been allegations that she dated Phil Bronstein, the, you know, who ran the San Francisco Chronicle for many years, Married Sharon Stone, I think Married Sharon Stone, and so got Eaten by some kind of iguana at the zoo. She, she's dated a lot of powerful, she's pretty much only dated powerful guys, let's be honest. Okay. I don't know any ordinary Joes who've come out of the woodwork to say, oh yeah, I was like the plumber and I dated Kamala Harris.


Right. What, what Is that, what's the significance Of that? I mean, the significance of it is, is is she's a, she's a user. I think she's a, you know, ambitious person and she's only, you know, wanted to climb the rungs of power by, by aligning herself in a very medieval way with people who can further her geopolitical interests, if you will. So Emh hits that bill. He had access to the millions of Hollywood. He had access to the law firm money. And he, you know, as a person who gave her entree, that really helped her out a lot in her senate fundraising and and so forth. So, you know, she's married this guy in recent weeks, it's come out that he is very credibly accused by a woman who's told her story to multiple publications of publicly slapping her at the canned film festival where this lady had in the face invited in the face so hard that she spun around from it.


And he did it because after a couple of cocktails, he was apparently very jealous. You know, she went up to a valet to try to jump the line a little bit after waiting over an hour after the film festival got out and was trying to tip him to let them cut the line. And he got jealous of this and publicly assaulted her, hit her in the face, hit her in the face, and she immediately reported this to multiple friends of hers. And in the law, this is considered what we call an excited utterance So. if you tell somebody something horrible that happened to you in the immediate seconds and minutes afterwards, it has a assigned a higher degree of credibility under hearsay law than otherwise for a good reason. Yeah. Right. Because, you know, people are more likely to be truthful when they've got the adrenaline running through them in the moment of that.


Right. What exactly just happened? So because of the dynamics of the situation, she allegedly got into the car, the, the valets were shocked by this disgusting scene and, you know, let them go. He forced his way into the same car. So while she's in the car with this person, the story goes that the Daily Mail has reported, she called somebody she knew back in the United States and told them what was happening. Then she also reported it to a couple of friends of hers. And so her story is apparently being consistent according to the witnesses who the press has interviewed. And that's one instance. But the more shocking part of the story is that this woman recounts that MH casually told her in the days or weeks before this incident, 'cause she was, she was being what she called love bombed by him.


He was allegedly, you know, pursuing her for marriage. You know, this is after he got divorced from his wife, And, they were dating for a period of months. She finally, you know, sort of, I think it must have come up, how did you get divorced? Like what happened to your marriage? And apparently he told her that he had, he had been accused by his elementary school teacher's babysitter of getting her pregnant, his Elementary school age Children, children's teacher, sorry. Yeah, correct. Sorry. That's correct. So he had two elementary school kids at the time, and this teacher was serving as their afterschool babysitter slash nanny tutor, whatever you wanna call it, getting her pregnant and then causing the miscarriage, the loss of the pregnancy.


So causing the miscarriage, Causing the, the causing the termination of the pregnancy. Not explicitly through abortion, but maybe through a miscarriage. You know, that's the, through violence, accusation Violence. Since he's through Through violence education, he hit a Woman in the face. Yeah, Exactly. Exactly. And so now American, and he told her this, he told her this casually, so American media being what it is today, you know, Kind of a big deal. The vice president's husband who's redefining masculinity and lecturing is all about bigotry all the time. Sanctimonious, little prick. That guy is, that guy is accused of hitting a woman in the face and causing another woman to have a miscarriage.


Right. And I mean, you know, dating back to my years in law school, I took 40 hours of training and become a, became a counselor for victims of domestic violence. I've gone to court for many women who have been abused. And it's a, it's, you know, science behind it that someone who hits a woman once in a public place, in the face he's face, he's almost in the face in front of hundreds of witnesses in a line. This person has done it in other circumstances. I I would, I I would, I would virtually guarantee that it doesn't happen one time. It's, it's the culmination of pattern of years of experience. Another story has come out about Doug mh h's conduct at his own law firm, Venables, where he apparently hired a lady to be his paralegal or secretary sitting on his desk, and her name was Katya.


And to the point that other partners, other male partners in, in the office demanded their own Katya demanded their own paralegal to sit on on their desk. And this Katya episode happened during the time that Kamala Harris was engaged to be married to Doug Emh. She may have come into contact with this person. So The implication is, The implication is he uses women as objects and doesn't treat them as equals and doesn't respect them. I think that's fair. Probably not too surprising that he's like some power feminist now. Right. Well, I think what, Have you ever met a male feminist who treats women? Well, I haven't. I, one should always be suspicious of the male feminist. That's my experience. I've, I've never met anybody more likely to hit a woman in the face or cause a miscarriage than a male feminist.


I mean, they're all abusers. I've never met one who was not an abuser of women ever. Well, what concerns me as a 30 year plus activist on domestic violence is the prospect that somebody like that might be in the White House. I think that's very scary. And that The president of the United States might be an enabler of somebody like that. That really bothers me. Well, yeah. What, so that's the obvious question. I mean, these sound like these are re this is not Brett Kavanaugh's stuff. These are Credible, I think it's very credible. These stories were sourced with multiple sources. And I think there's probably more that's gonna come out. I won't be surprised.


And this is an actual human being making these allegations, Actual human being, making these allegations. And you know, they're making them to a person who has a history of looking the other way, enabling being the beneficiary of, Well, so that's the question. Kamala Harris is a huge defender of women. All the, all the girls are voting for, 'cause she's for women. What's her position on these allegations? She hasn't commented. And, you know, when she was running for district attorney, I've looked at her resume at the time, and she listed as one of her credentials being the, being the chairman of the board of a domestic violence advocacy organization. She has promoted herself. Oh, so perfect. She has promoted herself as a prosecutor who's been, you know, protecting women from sex trafficking and human trafficking.


And I can tell you, like, I mean, just a quality of life issue in San Francisco where I've lived for the last, almost 25 years now, is that you, you can't get elected in San Francisco without checking the boxes of different constituencies. And one of those is the Chinese American Chinatown community. Yeah, yeah. Which includes a lot of organized crime and sex trafficking. And in her years as district attorney and Always has, by The way, she never touched the sex trafficking dens in San, in Chinatown. I walked through Chinatown on my way to work before it got, you know, super dangerous in San Francisco. Chinatown is dangerous. Now, San Francisco is dangerous.


I don't think there's any safe place in San Francisco. It Was one of the safest cities in the country. It's, And I, it's tragic because it's a beautiful city, you know, most beautiful. It's a, it's like, it's like some would call it the Paris of the United States Cape Town, A Beautiful city. And during her years there, she really allowed sex trafficking to flourish. She was notorious as a prosecutor for only taking up the, the slam dunk cases. And even there, she had a very low prosecution rate in her later years. And so, I mean, The it, if you just descend, you know, to 25,000 feet, she's this member of the law enforcement community. She says she's the prosecutor in both San Francisco and then statewide in our largest state.


And both the city of San Francisco and the state of California became more dangerous and chaotic during that, that same period. A Hundred percent. And so nothing happens overnight. So today's fentanyl bend that you see on every corner in San Francisco, the gangs of young criminals who come into the city to rip it off, You can trace all of that. Back to Kamala Harris's leadership. When she ran for district attorney in 2003, she proudly noted that she was one of the prosecutors, one of the few prosecutors who is opposed to a proposed law, a proposition that would allow prosecutors to treat juveniles who committed violent crimes, prosecute them as adults.


She was opposed to that. She wanted to protect the juvenile violent criminals and the people who would go on inevitably to create, to, to commit greater and greater crimes. So she's been soft on crime at the same time, calling herself a top prosecutor all these years. I mean, she has been open about what she is in many ways, but, you know, packaged it in very slick terms. And because she's a woman and because she's a minority and because so much of our culture panders to, to this identity politics, she's been able to somehow get away with the Marxist substance of what she has been pedaling.


She's a minority. It's hilarious. I mean, unless you're Hispanic, you are a minority in California, no matter where you look like or where your ancestors are from. Right. I mean, in a state like California where there's not a white majority, can you still, is it still meaningful to call yourself a minority? Well, you know, in San Francisco and if in these circles, somehow there's this cognitive dissonance about it. Yeah. Right. And you know what's even I bring, I come back to Amos Brown, who she did her first known violation of the campaign finance laws for in 2000 when she was a consultant for his campaign. Just last year, she traveled to Ghana with Amos Brown on a mission on behalf of the United States where she promised billions of dollars of aid to Ghana.


And I juxtaposed that was Why Ghana, Ghana, Africa in general, I don't know, some expiation of white guilt in the United States, you know, that somehow we're responsible for crimes and impoverishment that has occurred over there. I don't know why, but you know, we, we as a country, the Biden and Harris administration have promised billions of dollars to Africa at the same time that white Appalachia is drowning. And we've had this flood damage in North Carolina where I grew up, and no one's promising them even millions of dollars, much less billions. And so this is, this is the administration and you know, this is normal.


No one even comments on it, it seems. Yeah. Things are totally outta control, there's no doubt about that. How does she get from Attorney General of California to the Senate? Well, again, it was the machine politics of, of California. And you know, in California there's usually a game of musical chairs. And so one politician is anointed for the next office and then, you know, there's jocking behind the scenes, and then people take their turn. I will say to the Democrats credit that they're usually very disciplined about these issues. And you know, they'll have their vicious game of identity politics behind the scenes.


Right. But then one person will emerge from that in some deal making, okay, you run for this, you run for that, you run for the other, you wait your turn. So it was Kamala Harris' turn to graduate from her two terms as Attorney General to run for the Senate. And the pathway was cleared for her to do that. So then, I mean, if you, when you win the Democratic primary in California statewide, you're, you're done. Yeah. The, the opposition we always do as Republicans and I'm, I've been a leader in the Republican Party. We always recruit somebody and run somebody And. they do their best and they're usually better than the Democrat. But the Democrat funding mechanism is such, and the voter registration advantage is such in California that it's virtually impossible for Republicans to win statewide office.


And indeed, it's been many years since we've won a statewide office, any statewide office in, in, in California. And so, So it's just, it is a one party state. It's a one party state, and one party states become corrupt and there's a lack of accountability and the quality of the legislators goes down and down and down. And so the, the gene pool, if you will, for these higher offices in California is decreasing. And I mean the, there was a point in time when you had a Jerry Brown, now of course, very liberal. I didn't agree with him on just about anything, but at least he was a, you know, accomplished person academically. He a dynamic, interesting person. Actually, he's apologized. I did, I disagreed with him too. He is a big liberal, but Jerry Brown was not mediocre.


He Was not mediocre talented, you know, intelligent. That is not the caliber of California democrats today. I mean, I told you, for example, now cabinet member in the Biden administration, Javier Becerra had barely practiced law before he was deemed to be appropriate to replace Kamala Harris as the Attorney general in California. When she became the United States senator Barely practiced Law, barely practiced law. I believe it was one year that he had practiced law. So he had an inactive law license for a period of time. He reactivated it. Oh, seriously. That became the attorney general. That's, that's the standard. It doesn't matter. It's just a waiting room for the next office and the next office.


So it's gonna become interesting to see who, who's anointed by their machine to replace Gavin Newsom. but we are in California behind this iron curtain of the left. And you know, taxpayers are just at the mercy of these increasing increasingly mediocre Marxists in California. So, Well this is why the productive people have left. Yep. It's something that every taxpayer definitely has to think about. And it's, What do you pay all in, would you say, in California? What percentage of your gross income goes to the government? I pay well over 50%. Let me, let me give you, you know, some facts.


In San Francisco, there's a payroll tax. So those of us who are in a wage in San Francisco, and I'm an employer in San Francisco, I have to pay a payroll tax on every employee. It's over a percentage point of every employee that I hire over there. If you're making over a couple of hundred thousand dollars, you're paying 13.5% income tax in San Francisco and California rather. And then on top of that, you're paying the federal taxes as well. So for that, what do you get? You can't go into a drugstore in California today and pick up a deodorant and take it to the counter. You have to call an assistant to come and unlock it for you in, in any city in California, because we have a law that effectively legalize this theft under $950.


And so I've witnessed gangs of criminals come into my CBS or Walgreens and just steal hundreds of dollars of stuff right in front of my eyes. Thousands of dollars of stuff. They, they bring in bags, they put into the bags, they walk out. And the employees of these stores are disciplined by their employers. If they take any steps to try to interfere with This, you can't shoot them Wholesale larceny. Absolutely. And by the way, it would be dumbed to interfere with them because they have weapons and you as a citizen don't have a weapon typically, you know, it's virtually impossible in San Francisco still, there's only in the dozens of people I think, have gotten concealed carry permits to carry after, you know, the Supreme Court has effectively made that mandatory as a shall issue.


So there's a huge imbalance there. And the criminals are on the ascendancy and the Democrat politicians who made that. So keep failing upward. And you know, Kamala Harris is the most glaring example of that. So there's a legislator in, in the state of California who, he's the one who legalized the intentional spreading of aids. Scott Wiener, my United Scott Wier, my state senator. Yeah. So Scott Weiner, the most obviously evil politician in America. I mean, I don't think there are many evil politicians, but he, he's the one who tries the least hard to hide it. Does he have any connection to Kamala Harris? Only in the sense that they're both heirs of the same machine.


Yeah, he's part of that machine. So, you know, he's, he is, he has, I've, I've shown you some flyers here of the people who've endorsed her. He was anointed as the next senator after Mark Leno. It's been considered to be a gay senate seat. You know, that's how they identify the politics there. And so it's A gay senate seat. Yeah. Like that's, it's reserved for the, you know, gay democrat politician who's next in line in San Francisco. So Are we sure they're gay or they're just pretending to be gay? I think we're pretty sure it's Scott Weiner's gay. He's a regular fixture at the Folsom Street Fair Wears bondage gear and is is very out about that. Yeah. Yeah.


Where's bondage Performative. Totally cool. Yeah. Yeah. That's not weird. So I was really surprised during the Democratic primaries of 2019 to discover how unpopular Kamala Harris was in the state of California. Yeah. And that was really, as a native California, and the first moment I realized voters don't play a meaningful role in kind of anything in California. Right. I mean, so what's interesting is you got a lot of politicians out there who are Democrats, who have some charm, some charisma for sure. Somewhat even called Joe Biden. Somebody earlier in his career, I don't know about the current, He had a lot of charm, a lot of I knew him, Barbara Boxer disagreed with on everything. Barbara Boxer, very charming woman, just being honest.


I Mean, Diane Feinstein even had a better pulse on the people when Kamala Harris as a district attorney, refused to seek the death penalty for a cop killer in San Francisco. In her first year as district attorney Diane Feinstein called her out on it. And she said, if there were ever a special circumstance, it's a gang banger shooting a cop in cold blood. And you know, she had the common touch, she had the charm. And Kamala Harris is just lacking charisma. And I, you know, you try to unpack that and analyze it. Well, if you have had everything handed to you from a fairly early age, and she started getting her leg up, if you will, in the age of 2029 in politics, I'm stealing that you Is it catty?


Yes. Is it awesome? Oh yeah. You, you don't have to earn it. You don't have to try very hard. And so she's unlikable, she's got that scoldy school marmy way about her, preachy way about her. And she doesn't have to be, she hasn't had to be likable to get to where she is. You think about her choice, she was not the obvious choice for, for vice president, for many of us, like, you know, people would've said Gretchen Whitmer, somebody from the Midwest, you know, someone who's adding something to the ticket. But the politics of the Democratic party have become such that their most loyal constituency today is African American women. And so, you know, Joe Biden himself was a marginal candidate.


And so the calculation was made that we need to pick The best African American female candidate, And. they, they had the list of three and Kamala Harris was selected to fill that role. She wasn't the most talented, she wasn't the most charismatic, but she checked a couple of boxes for the Democrats and that's how he was, he was paired with her. And if, if Joe Biden and Joe Biden had thought about it, they might have gone back and asked Terrance Halen and who gave Kamala Harris, her start in San Francisco, how that went for him. How did it go for him to hire her into the office and give her a chance?


Well, she took his, she ate his lunch pretty quickly. And that's exactly what happened with Kamala Harris, who's been scheming, I suspect since day one. Getting into the White House, undermining Joe Biden and, you know, eventually clawed her way to the top of the ticket. And has She ever created anything that you know of? Well, she's responsible for many deaths of innocent people in San Francisco. She's created a lot of tragedy for victims of crime. Yeah. In our state. She's created a lot of civil rights violations. She has, she has not created anything in the sense that you or I would consider a proud accomplishment.


I can't think of anything. What does she believe? I think she, you know, so she's famous for saying that I have one client and it's, you know, you the people, she has one client and it's Kamala Harris. She believes in Kamala Harris getting ahead. I think that's at her core, all that she fundamentally believes. So she doesn't have a detectable philosophy or ideology or principle commitment to any set of ideas? Well, not that I can tell. I mean, I think early on she adopted the persona of advocate for the downtrodden African American youth. But I, I mean that was hilarious. That itself was focused, tested, I think.


And growing Up in Montreal, the daughter of college professors, you know, she's big in the Civil rights movement. Exactly. Exactly. And you know, I wrote a piece in the Wall Street Journal in 2019 when she was running for president, highlighting her flip flops as a prosecutor on marijuana, on truancy, on even on, you know, many other forms of crime and other policy issues. And she's unashamed about it. And she's, she just says, well, I've evolved. Circumstances have changed. She's evolved on just about every single issue. And what that tells you is there is no fundamental core there. And You can look at a Bernie Sanders, for example.


Right. Complete Marxist, far left. But he's kind of been consistent throughout his whole, you know, where you stand with him. Yep. He isn't gonna suddenly embrace drilling or Right. You know, any particular issue that he is been opposed to You can, where You stand, stand. Well he still like a yurt in Vermont in the seventies. So, you know, whatever you think of in Vermont, he seems to mean it. He's authentic. Yeah. And you can't say the same of Kamala Harris. She's pronounced her name differently over the years. Yes. She's adopted different persona depending on who she's speaking to. She's flip flopped on marijuana usage on gun ownership. She, she claims she owns a Glock today. I, I would, you know, I don't think she knows how to load a weapon.


I seriously doubt she knows how to Well She has bodyguards that we pay for. Yeah, exactly. And so she supposed advocate for victims of domestic violence and yet silent when her husband is credibly accused of the same. So hitting A woman in the face. If this is my last question, if she is elected presidents the second week of October, as we're having this, this conversation, Trump is ahead, substantially ahead, appears to be in internal polling, which I think is real. But you know, the Democratic party cheats. They're gonna cheat in this election. We can say confidently if she becomes president. What is the country in for, do you think, based on what you've seen?


Well, the Democratic party of today has become the party of big business and, and pharma. Yeah. So I think they're, they're also the party of the war mongers. Yes. So I think You can expect big war mongering and neocons to be happy with the level of quote unquote investment in other people's countries. You can expect the forced taking of drugs that Joe Biden tried to force on all American employers to in turn force on their employees, the ineffective CO vaccines that don't prevent what they claimed and other drugs. You know, America's one of only two countries in the world that allows drugs to be advertised on television.


And you know, democratic party is definitely both parties, but certainly the Democrats are definitely taking from, from that side. But the most scary thing to me is the conversation that you and I are having that presumably a lot of people are going to see will not be possible in Kamala Harris's United States. She is openly called for the censorship of viewpoints that she doesn't agree with. And You can expect the permanent change to the United States Supreme Court of stuffing term limits, otherwise corrupting it away from the vision of the founders. And I think You can expect so many other innovations that Democrats have talked about innovations like eliminating the electoral college national popular vote as our way of permanently putting rural Americans under the heel of the corrupt coastal elites.


So the way of life that my parents brought me to the United States as a small child to enjoy, will not be available to Americans under the vision of Kamala Harris. That she's openly promising. How will you respond if she's The president in January? I'll be part of the resistance. Yes. That's the only way to live. I will not live on my knees. So we will have to fight that in whatever corners of the country and whatever courts that'll still hear us until we're silenced. So if the laws change and she has promised to change them, and she has the support of the Atlantic magazine and all the, basically everyone in Washington and free speech ends in America and You can be punished for saying things the regime doesn't, like, will you stop talking?


I will not stop talking and I know you won't either talk. I won't No, I'll go To jail before I do that. Do do you think Americans, I mean, to the extent we can know, but they took the Covid vaccine, I gotta say, I say that with great embarrassment. People did stand passively by and allow their civil liberties to evaporate during covid. Do you think people will do the same when their free speech right. Is taken from them? People are doing it. People did it. People did it in the years after 2020, in the years before 2020, so many Americans have passively allowed in the, I mean I would date this back to the, to the Patriot Act in 2001 when I was one of the few Republicans who stood up and said, it is wrong to interrogate Americans on the basis of their background.


It is wrong to surveil Americans and all of our communications. Yep. And today in the name of National Security, Republicans and Democrats have repeatedly enabled the deep state and the big state to collect all of our communications and, and surveil us and, and for our own good force us to take drugs and censor what we're allowed to see. And so those Americans who are getting their news from, you know, cable and the nightly news and the networks are, are seeing a version of Plato's forms, it's a distorted vision of reality. Yes. And so without the free speech that the founders so wisely guaranteed as our first of those civil rights in the Bill of Rights and the Second Amendment, which allows us to defend those rights, this isn't a country anymore.


And I think that's the apocalyptic future that we're facing. I remember you right after nine 11, I should say for those who don't know this, but you're from a religious tradition that's a, a small religious minority in India, And, they were mistaken for radical. It sounds funny now even to say it, radical Muslims, I guess it's not funny at all. But there were a lot of people Lost their lives in the wake of nine 11 because they were mistaken. Six were mistaken as people from Afghanistan or the Middle East and, But completely different religion. Nothing to do with completely Different religion. Totally different. You know, in fact, six fought against Muslim invaders in India.


Yes. And safeguarded that whole subcontinent from invasion. And so it's no joke to us to I get it, to have our right to exercise our faith to not be have the FBI show up at your door because of ignorance and start interrogating. But by the way, Even if they, I should just say as a matter of principle, in fact, I know a million great Muslims personally, who I love. And so even if they had been Muslims, it wouldn't, it you, you can't hassle people 'cause of their religion. Okay. And then the A CLU and which I, you know, joined back then 'cause of this specific issue was the only voice in America fighting against Muslims being rounded up and interrogated in Los Angeles in 2001.


It's, it's, it's abhorrent and it smacks of, you know, the Japanese concentration camps and other dark periods. I totally agree in our American history. And today those voices aren't there. So America conservatives have always relied on liberal civil rights activists to safeguard those rights. Hey, you know what? Conservatives sometimes get falsely arrested for crimes. That's for sure. And today those liberal groups have abandoned those principles. So today it's republicans and conservatives who go to court. It's, you know, my nonprofit, the Center for American Liberty that goes to court to defend the rights of students, to hear differing viewpoints on campus or to defend young girls from being mutilated by abusive doctors in the name of transgender craziness.


And so today we are the civil libertarians ill prepared as we are institutionally, conservatives are the last bastion to defend our country from I think you're absolutely right. And they're waking up to it. And I just wanna say, I want to add to the list of things I've apologized for over the years, including the Iraq War. I didn't perceive just how scary and anti-American the Patriot Act was. You were one of the very first, very first people on the right. You were definitely the first person on the right. I saw say that and bless you for, for catching that immediately. Well, you know, again, we go back to the Constitution.


And when I look at this election, Kamala Harris has shown herself over all of her decades of public service exactly who she is. She's someone who is ruthless, who has ignored the law when it benefits her, who is even ignored as a guardian of the law. The constitution repeatedly the rights of the accused. Yes. The rights of the wrongfully convicted, the rights of the citizens she is sworn to defend. And those laws that she has sworn to uphold, she has ignored them when convenient. And I think that's particularly when you take on the mantle of I'm the top cop, I'm the border czar, I'm the prosecutor, I'm America's top law enforcement person.


It's scary that that person wants to be the number one person with the most power in the free world. And so that's what's at stake in the selection. So it isn't about mean tweets, it isn't about style. It's about what country we want in the next four years. That's a wonderful summation. Ram Dylan Thank you very, very much Thank you for having me. Tucker, Thanks for listening to The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made. The complete library, Tucker Carlson dot com. We had a pretty remarkable interview with Elon Musk the other day, right after his appearance with Donald Trump at the rally in Butler Township.


Elon Musk is all in. This is an interview we highly recommend. It's over on X it. Check it out if you have a minute.