
Okay, so here's my theory. The death of the US auto industry was a bigger deal than I think we realized. Maybe a harbinger, hopefully not, but perhaps a harbinger of like, what happens to the country going forward. So Detroit dies and people are like, oh, Detroit's such a mess. My wife is from there. So I've been there a lot. And But you never thought like that would happen to the rest of the country? Oh, no. We're going similar ways. We, we Are. That's exactly Right. Yeah. I live in the greater Toledo area, and that's baby Detroit, Toledo. Exactly. Home of champion spark plugs. Yeah. Yeah. No longer.


So I guess the question is, if we want to prevent this from spreading with the cancer that it clearly is, I think it's important to know the cause of it. Mm. So why did the auto industry, which was the most important non-defense industry we had, why did it die? I would say largely regulation and the nature of trying to find more profit and where you ship things. It was a lack of pride in having a workforce in the future tomorrow. And those are the two things I would stick with. Because since, you know, in my opinion, you know, I've been a car guy for a long time. Wait, you, you didn't mention the unions. Everyone blames the unions for the destruction of Detroit. I think that's a secondary symptom.


I mean, that's, that's a big thing. But I think culturally it has to do more with where we're going and what, what happened. I mean, the automotive industry right now, if you look at new cars, I, I don't own a new car. The newest vehicle I own is early two thousands. Really? The newest, yeah. And, and honestly, I've been thinking like that's, And you're a professional car guy and you have no, yeah, No, i, I, I work on all my own stuff from exotics to building race cars, helping students, building airplanes, to, to vintage stuff. Like I know automotive history and honestly, kind of the sweet spot for cars to daily Drive are the 1980s and 1990s. What we've just gotten worse since then. In in what ways? Consumer culture. You know, they try to find new ways to make money, give something to buy a new model year.


But cars haven't really gotten any better since the 1990s. They, they're coming in more like a cell phone. And then you get more and more and more regulation, which just stymies the automotive industry into building just the one thing. It's why all the cars look the same. That's why there's no real innovation. That's why anything interesting ends up being wildly expensive. And then the two things that are always used as shall we say, the scapegoat is either the environment, the EPA or safety. But it's not always about that. And if you're really worried about safety, wait, Wait, those are scapegoats, Well, not scapegoats, but reasons to force things into be a certain way. Because if you speak up and question anything, they'll always say environment safety.


It seems like that's always the way, but we're always just quagmire in this regulation and direction. Well, you're blowing my mind. So I ge I, I mean, getting older is, is a process of realizing how many of the lies you've internalized and believed. And I guess if you had asked me when I woke up this morning, what destroyed Detroit? I would say, I mean, I'm not actually even that against unions, to be honest with you, but I would say Reverend says the unions and EPA and safety. Ralph Nader. Oh, yeah. And the EPA and the UAW. True. But no, true. It's deeper. You're saying. Well, it is. And okay, I, you know, I'm an individual. I built stuff, right? I think about the nation, individuals, community, my family, my friends.


Like we want a car that gets us there that we can fix, that we can afford, right? But it's not what we're making. Another thing, which I wanna mention, two points, the other thing that's happening nowadays is we don't really innovate or make anything new anymore that people can afford. Really. And I'm finding another, it seems like a symptom across culture of just everything now is about money from one pocket to another. It's not about really creating something new or building tomorrow. And I started to see that in the automotive industry with the nature of hybrids to electric. They have a purpose, but they're not a solution for everything. But the political push and powers are trying to make it a solution for everything.


And I look at this and go, no, no, no, no, this isn't about, this isn't about what's best for everybody or even the environment or anything. This is money from one pocket to another and a power play. What Does that mean? Po money from one pocket to another. So, Well, the, it's kind of a, it's a deeper discussion that led to when I built what I called the Omega car, which I built that high efficiency diesel car that I thought would be more recyclable, lower environment impact, affordable, and a good car in a direction to go. And if I make, can I just back up a second, kind of what I saw. So, you know, in my teens and twenties, I am just a normal car guy. I like fast cars and going on dates with pretty girls.


That's pretty much all I cared about. So fast cars and fast women is what you're Saying? Well, they say in Kentucky, boys, it, they say beautiful horses and fast women. No, I meant beautiful women and fast horses, nothing like that. But no, that, that was kinda all I cared about. But my grandfather always talked about politics and things going on in the world. And while I didn't really care so much to look into it, things stuck with me. Yes. And I remember in, was it 2008, 2008 when Obama was running, people are all excited. I'm like, okay. And I remember watching all the presidential stuff. That was kind of the first time I really started paying attention to politics when I was a, a younger guy. And we're watching the Democratic National Convention and Obama's talking, and I remember, and I remember thinking, this guy's full of crap.


That's just my gut feeling. I didn't, I didn't know where he came from. I didn't, I didn't really know that much of politics, but I'm just like, this guy is full Of crap. You didn't think he was black? Jesus? No, no. I mean, I You sound like a racist. I'm just, I, I don't care. Okay, good. I don't care. That's his spirit. So I just thought he is full of crap. And so I'm listening, get to the point. And He goes, and I'll help Detroit retool. So the energy efficient cars of tomorrow Bill here for the sake of the nation and world. I'm like, bullshit. You're not gonna, this isn't, you're not doing a Kennedy speech like we're going to the moon for the decade is out. You're not gonna do it. I, I just abso I just, it just, it ticked me off. And I've remembered it to this day. And of course we have the why Did you know he was not gonna do it?


Because Detroit's not gonna change. He's not gonna change that. Like a politician changes their own oil, let alone know how a car works of the industry or what to do with it. Fair respectfully. Fair, Fair. No, with no respect, I would say No. I, you know, and, and I can think of some, you know, military leaders and such saying things that I would be a little kinder about. We don't wanna take advice from, you know, pants suits in Washington. It's like, what do, what do they know about it? Respectfully. But things like that go across the board. So I'm thinking he's not doing anything. Well, the other thing that interesting happened was the financial crisis 2008, 2009. Right now, I didn't fully understand what was going on with that. Again, I cared more about going on dates and fast cars Yeah. Than politics and things going on at the time.


But the family business we had was a small town public golf course in the Midwest. You know, 18 holes worked our butt off. My father worked seven days a week, six o'clock in the morning, 10 o'clock at night, every day throughout the entire, the season. So we worked, I know like being in a small town, everybody makes fun of you. Oh, you're rich. You just sit on a golf course all day. I'm like, no, we're, we're changing oil and like diesel tractors and back lapping mowers and mowing and putting on banquets and doing family business. What does it mean to back Lap A mower? Oh, sorry. That was, So if you mow a fairway or a green Yes. It's not a, a rotary blade that cuts by kind of like whacking the, the right. It's actually, it's a reel which comes through and slices on a blade. Yes. Well they get, they get dull. And so you have to sharpen them and it's dirty and you beat up your knuckles.


And that's kind of the work you actually do in the winter with the golf course By hand. Like with a file or Oh no, you have to run them backwards with a dirty compound with like grid on it and you have to adjust it. Oh, you laugh it like you laughed your mouth. Yeah. You Exactly. Thank you. Exactly. Thank you. Sorry to interrupt. No, it's all right. I just kind of bring that up because that, that was my world at the time. Yes. We worked hard and we saw that, but at that time I started to see how it was affecting people in little Tiffin, Ohio on a daily basis. Loans, housing loans, business loans. And I also saw how that affected eventually when the family was thinking of selling the business, you couldn't get lending for something like that. And I started to see how that, that hurt everything.


But where I was going with it in relation to the overarching things with the automotive industry. So now we're bailing out the automotive industry. Tax dollars, huge amounts of money. Okay. Huh? Paying attention. And I'd lived in Columbus, Ohio at the time, head of my little shop working on vintage race cars and things like that and riding my motorcycle around. And after we were bailing out the automotive industries, I kind of remembered back and I'm like, so I wonder, is Obama gonna try to make everything efficient now? Are they gonna do anything? And I see us, we just kind of doubled down on making bigger trucks and muscle cars and things. Which I have to tell you I love big trucks and muscle cars and fast cars. Me too. Okay.


Like if You can afford the fuel and do what you want, don't, don't get in my way. You can pry my sports cars outta my cold dead hands. I agree. Okay. Don't, yeah. But you know, doesn't mean I don't necessarily want something that could be better for as a daily driver or I can't think of something that might be more efficient. So I was noticing that and I'm thinking this is, this is wrong. Something's wrong here. And just in what I was doing and you know, researching various materials and thinking of building cars and it's kinda what I do, you know, I, I started to realize there's a myriad of ways that we can mass produce cars, automobiles that will be less toxic, less environmental impact, cheaper, more efficient than what we're doing. Because in a sense, all of our cars are stamped metal boxes with chairs bolted in them.


Yeah. We've been doing it since the mid 1930s. We have, not much has changed. And it's been a long time And, and I'll say this also, which you I think you might enjoy as a history guy. So SR 71 Blackbird, right? CIA Spy biplane Mach three, they came up with that in the late 1950s. We had to go to the trouble of getting all the titanium, I think from Russia at the time, which required a zillion shell companies and orchestration just to get the material to build it. And we build an aircraft effectively in the late 1950s, 1960 that'll do mach three and can map hundreds of thousands of miles of the earth's surface. And before GPS existed, be able to plot the stars through broad daylight and through clouds in the late fifties.


And we're still making cars like the 1930s now. I think that's bs. Yeah. So as, But to be fair, you've also seen the death of innovation in aviation as well. That's true too. I mean the 7 47 came out in 1969. True. Tell me, we've made it. And I was born that year 55. Yeah, almost six years ago. When was the last time we built a plane that cool. 1969. We Haven't. And to be fair, there's a lot of things that we still, like the B 52 bomber, it's still around. Buff is eternal. They joke, you know, and so there's a lot of great designs from back when that are still perfect designs now and can be up upgraded. It doesn't mean that we have to have innovation for innovation state. Right. Some things just work, but sometimes you need new things.


But as a younger guy, at the time I was, I was frustrated by all this and I'm like, you know what, I'm gonna build a car. I got a point to prove. And my thinking at the time was, it can't be electric 'cause nobody knows what the heck a kilowatt hour is back then. We're not accustomed to thinking like that. We think miles per gallon, how fast is it? Zero to 60, you know, things like that. That's kind of the two things that matter most to people. And can you use this and how much does it cost? So it's like, okay, I wanna build a car that'll be representative of something that can be mass produced that, let's say it costs about $20,000 or less. I made it diesel, turbo diesel. So I looked around for what I felt was about the most efficient engine reasonably available and built the car.


Now I said something like 11 years ago on video so I can prove it. I said, it will get over a hundred miles a gallon and it will do zero to 60 in under five seconds. Now I built the car, I even showed it at a private like car event with sports cars and exotic cars and told everybody about my concept. But when I got it all together and done, I realized I don't have a voice. Like what am I gonna do with this thing if the world doesn't know it exists and nobody hears about it, it doesn't exist. You felt like Nikolai Tesla at this point, I'm sure. Perhaps I don't. Maybe I, you know, he's a, he's an interesting character in history. Yeah, for sure. Certainly. And I sat on it, I just put it in my garage for better part of a decade.


'cause I didn't have a voice. But other things going on in life, I was doing my nonprofit genius grad, which I really believed in. 'cause we can go into some big problems. American educational system. Yeah. Especially higher education. I think we're stymieing our youth, the families in the future. And I think it comes from predatory lending and loans you can't default on. And I think the schools are creating this vacuum monster that is not the real world with majors that are not providing jobs and creating an environment for political radicalization. But that's another topic. But the reason I say that is, Everything you just said is a is obvious and it's crazy that it still exists. But lemme just back up to the vehicle itself. Yes. If You don't Mind Without getting boring. No, It's coming back to that.


But what, explain how you get a hundred miles to the gallon on diesel and it goes zero to 16 under five seconds. Like how, how, what is that? How big's the motor? Like tell us about the car. Lemme ask you a question. Yeah. So I don't, I dunno what you drove here and, but let's pick your average car. SUV Yeah, yeah. Put it in neutral. How hard is it to push it? Pretty, pretty hard. Pretty hard, right? Yeah. Like, I know it sounds silly, but when you work on cars, if you spend your day pushing around cars, you start thinking about how efficient they are. Look at, look at a car and SUV going down the road or a semi, how aerodynamic do you think that is? Not super aerodynamic. No. I drive a Silverado not Aerodynamic there.


There's nothing about our cars that are remotely efficient at all. So how do you, how do you get that? You just make the actual car. Not so much the drive train. You're not looking for a magic bullet. Everybody wants a magic bullet. You make the car more efficient, Like the, the Lower coefficient to drag somewhat lighter weight where you don't need weight. Just less rolling resistance. You, you make it actual efficient, good design. We don't do that with the automotive industry anymore. And the reason I chose diesel is because people would understand that diesel's also a very flexible fuel. We can make biodiesel, You can make diesel effectively out of what's left over from the meat packing industry. The wine making industry for sure.


Agriculture, you name it. And, and this is fascinating too because, and I gotta get into why I talked about the car, but since that time I got word back from people kind of more in traditional automotive media and whatnot. No one would talk about it or write about it. And I'm kind of pissed me off because back when it was in a concept and I just talked about it a little bit on my YouTube channel, some places would report about it. But why is it when it was just a concept and a YouTuber was trying to do something efficient and like maybe eco-friendly and whatnot, they'd write about it. But then when it actually did what I said it was gonna do it, they wouldn't. So It actually gets a hundred miles to the gallon. Yeah. For first time out, I didn't even have all the fairings on it. I haven't even tuned it. It was 104.72 miles to the gallon just driving through the countryside normally with stop signs and turns and such, just, just jumping in without even tuning it more the first time I took it out when we were just idling and doing hard poles and everything else I looked at, I'm like, we just got like 88 miles to the gallon and we're not even trying.


That's crazy. Well and the other thing Considering gas is pretty towards like three bucks or something. Yeah. Right here. Yeah. Yeah. I Mean it's expensive. It's more expensive in Europe and like, like okay. I, I have some gas guzzlers for sure. I like v twelves and stick shifts and straight pipes And you know. So tell me about the, the engine in this vehicle. It's largely conventional. It's turbo, which is good for diesel because it allows you some flexibility Yeah. To, you know, cruise more. But if you wanna make power You can crank in the boost and do some things to make it efficient. You know. And I experimented even with some cataly converters and such, that will even be better. So there's nothing crazy about the drive train. There's no magic bullet there. What about the other thing? I gotta point this out. Yeah. That drive train when I started had 130,000 miles on it.


What? It's no spring chicken. What was it from? What'd you pull it out of? Volkswagen. Pred Dieselgate, diesel gate's. An interesting thing to talk about too, but What's Dieselgate? That was the big scandal that Volkswagen went through with allegedly cheating their emissions. Oh, test I remember this. Yes. That was back in heck was it, 2015 I think. Right. And that was, that was a big scandal. Which is interesting 'cause in looking back on it now, it seems to tie into more with not regulating a car company so much for the betterment of all but an attack. It's the way it kind of looks like to me, An attack on Volkswagen.


I would say diesel. 'cause Volkswagen was in, I don't know about now, but certainly was The best and most efficient. The engine I used was from back in like 2000 when they made it Volkswagen. Yeah. Good engine. And it's manual more efficient that way. Way The transmissions manual. Yeah. Manual. Less parasitic losses. It's just, it's really cheaper to produce, gets better miles per gallon. And you know, back in the day, sports cars, if they were manual, would have better zero to 60 times and such. No Longer True. Yeah. No longer true. Our automatics have gotten a lot more interesting and whatnot, but but Manual transmission still makes for more efficient driving. Yeah. Because there's less parasitic drag, there's less losses in the drive train.


Huh, interesting. Like meaningfully more efficient. Well, especially in that time in the two thousands probably could be five to seven miles per gallon on the highway. Oh wow. Maybe even, maybe only like three. But it's still a lot. I when you consider millions of cars over years, that's for sure. Or even your car over the years. Yeah. And it, it doesn't all have to just be about like, oh, we have to do this for sake of environment. These are costs that hit people's pockets. Oh, I, that's the whole point. I wasn't thinking about emissions even. Yeah. So. Well that's amazing. So, and what about, what about emissions on this vehicle? I'm try, I'm trying to get to like what on, In regard to mine or the whole scandal thing? Yours specifically. It's, it's the basic stuff that Diesel would have. I mean, you've got a pretty serious cataly converter.


You've got the exhaust gas regulation and such. And they, without getting into overly nitty gritty, diesel does have some things about it that the EPA likes to go after. But it's kind of strange. And I'm curious to see what happens in the future. So you, you probably, I'm sure you saw this Supreme Court ruled differently on the Chevron deference of course. Which I'm really fascinated to see how that changes the nature of the way laws are interpreted. So the bottom, the, the question before the court was, can federal agencies create legislation when the constitution says no, Congress creates the laws Right.


On how it's interpreted. Right. But for generations, the federal agencies including EPA, but, but all of 'em from the Department of Education to the Department of Defense have come out with regulations that have the force of law that no one ever voted for and that no elected official had a hand in. So it's anti-democratic. Right. That's The idea. That's, that's probably the reason why so many friends complain about the A TFI think they're pretty good at making laws. Nobody Well's, all kinds of other problems like shooting innocent people, but yes, no, absolutely. Yeah. But they, they create regulations that no one voted on and that no elected official administers. So it's like it as a citizen, I have no recourse. So that's not democracy, that's tyranny.


Yeah, exactly. So that's, that's the conceptual No exactly right, explan. Exactly. Right. And you know, it's not looking for a, you know, a way around something or a loophole, but like what is right? Like what are we actually doing here? Where are we going? What's, you wanna law vote on it? Yeah. You know, and the beauty of the Congress is they have two or six years between elections, so they're pretty accountable to voters. And if voters don't like the way they vote, they can turn them out. At least conceivably. Right. One hopes. One hopes. Yeah. But the Under secretary of douche baggery is completely beyond the control of any voter. So like, that's again, tyranny, right? Yes. Yeah. And that, that affects things greatly. Yeah. 'cause when you overregulate things, it, it, it just makes it difficult to innovate or go anywhere.


Right. You know, and, and the thing of it is, so going back to the car, the car I built, so I I mentioned to you got 104.72 miles per gallon. And I I video recorded the whole thing. 'cause I wanna know what does this thing actually do? Yeah. Because last year was a very important year. It was an election year. One thing that also drove me nuts. So if you look at, so the Biden administration and even Gavin Newsom's pushing it, electric vehicle mandates like large electric vehicle mandates. Not like back to the Clinton era when it was like, I dunno, one to 2% of vehicles sold by certain times need to be electric. No, they're big ones. And I had a huge problem with, you know, Biden's administration doing that because I'm like, this destroys innovation, you know, and the other thing you go into, and I don't wanna beat up on electric because it, you know, it has its purpose in places I think all kinds of drive trains and energy do.


And I, I don't mean that as just like political BS rhetoric. I mean that genuinely, but it's not a bandaid fix. Also, how are we gonna charge them Our, our grid? Yeah. How I, I'll tell you this. So I, I did some math with all this. Lemme lemme tell you this. So then the next day, I'm coming right back to this point on the math. The next day after I did the initial mile per gallon testing on my car, I did zero to 60 times with it. So I put accelerometers and GPS in this car also my 93 Dodge Viper T 10 C seven Corra Grand Sport, and my neighbor's Tesla model three rear wheel drive with a full charge. My car, the 104 miles per gallon beat the Dodge Viper by two tenths of a second and exactly match the Corvette Grand Sport and the Tesla.


Damn. That's without like computerized traction control. That's me just driving it.


Everybody loves and appreciates the first responders when things go haywire. They're the ones you show up and make you safe. Protect you. Not just you but the entire country. Most people agree they're heroes, but what happens if they can't show up? First responders cannot be everywhere all the time. And if there's an emergency, particularly a big emergency, there aren't enough to go around. So you have to be your own first responder before an ambulance arrives for a doctor can help. It's up to you to protect yourself and your family. And if it's a medical emergency, you could be out of luck because you don't have the right medications. Most people do not have the medications they need at home. There's an answer to that. It's called the J Case. It's a simple but smart solution to a problem most people don't even think about. It's a set of emergency prescriptive medications curated by medical experts. You've got peace of mind knowing that no matter what happens, you are totally prepared. Even if you're a prepared kind of person with stuff stored in your cellar, you probably don't have the right medications. What if there's an infection or any kind of crisis and you don't have access to first responders? You're gonna want a jce case. Medications on hand when they matter most. Go to jce.com and use code tucker at checkout for a discount. Jce jse.com Checkout code Tucker


Don Jr. Here guys. Are you receiving letters from the IRS claiming you owe back taxes as penalties and interest fees pile up the IRS gives you no clear path to resolution. Don't speak to them on your own. They are not your friends. To reach a team of licensed tax professionals that can help you reduce, settle, and resolve your tax matters, go to tn usa.com and check 'em out. Solve your Tax problems today. Call 1 807 8 0 8 8 8 8 or visit tn usa.com. That's 1 807 8 0 8 8 8 8.


Tucker says at best their credit card companies are ripping Americans off. And enough is enough. This is Senator Roger Marshall of Kansas. Our legislation, the Credit Card Competition Act would help in the grip Visa and MasterCard have on us. Every time you use your credit card, they charge you a hidden fee called a swipe fee. And they've been raising it without even telling you. This hurts consumers and every small business owner. In fact, American families are paying $1,100 in hidden swipe fees each year. The fees Visa and MasterCard charge Americans are the highest in the world. Double candidates and eight times more than Europe's. That's why I've taken action. But I need your help to help get this passed. I'm asking you to call your senator today and demand they pass the credit card Competition Act Paid for by the Merchant's Payments Coalition, not authorized by any candidate or candidates committee. www.merchantspaymentscoalition.com.


So what was zero to 60 in that 4.61? And I probably could have done better, but honestly the tires are over a decade old now 'cause I built the car a while ago and such. But that was real world driving and yeah, I gave it and I got videos of it if you would look me up. You know, how did You beat the Tesla? It matched the Tesla, but that was only with the Tesla's a full charge. It would consistently get a little slower every time as it would lose juice. My car. Just because the nature obviously of electric vehicle just gives you massive advantage and Yeah. And the Tesla's simply just stick your foot down and computers. That's The best it's gonna do. My, my car would actually probably beat it if I gave it some clever traction control and such in it, to be honest. But that's not, not the point, the point of it is. So I'm like, I'm gonna run some numbers just outta curiosity.


What, what is the carbon footprint of burning one gallon of diesel? Oh, interesting. Okay. E p's got numbers for that. Okay. What's the carbon footprint on average the United States electrical generation, whether it's nuclear, wind, coal, whatever national average of the carbon footprint of a kilowatt hour of electricity. Say like you're in a perfect world charging your electric vehicle at home. And then I just did the basic math on, okay, what's the carbon footprint of my car on diesel getting over a hundred miles a gallon versus the electric car charged at home. National average over a hundred miles. My car beat the electric car at a lower carbon footprint. Yeah. And it has much lower one to manufacture and it's easier to fix.


So that's when I went. Okay. I also did some other fun math respectfully towards Cole, I think. But but hold on, just to be fair. Can it be turned off by remote by a politician who doesn't like your politics? Thank you. No, it can't. Oh It can't. No it can't. Well then I don't feel comfortable with it then. Oh, you don't? Well How are we gonna Control you? I Don't care. You're not, it's gonna stay that way. I like your spirit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, Thank you for bringing that up. That's very important. Because the other thing about That's Why I drive in 1987. Well Done sir. Yeah. And for real. Yeah. The no, I I get it With the gun in it. Yeah. Good, Good. I, I, Sorry, I shouldn't say That. I get too excited on this break. It's true. You remember the days of school, like you, you could have a gun rack who was, people were reasonable human beings in a community.


I grew up away in California. We didn't know a lot of deer hunting then. Right. We had surfboard Back. But you could still Yeah, exactly. But now You can still do it. I, I kind of, I kind of get my independent spirit. I'm like, I'm gonna put a gun rack in my viper not 'cause I need it just because Yeah. America, you know, I totally agree. But, and that's the other thing about the, the electric car. So when I look at it and all the governmental control and what it appears to me globally is going on with much of that and the push. And then the other thing that doesn't make any sense. So the Biden administration doing the big electric vehicle mandates and such and push, but excluding Tesla from their meetings at the White House and Summit and all that really. So what you're telling me is the thing that you want to do with industry and cars and transportation is super important, but not as important as the politics with the guy with the biggest electric car company in the world.


I don't like that either. Well, They're just criminals. I mean, we know that now they're cri that was a criminal. Yeah, no, I organization running our com country. I know, I I think a lot of my, my grandmother who was, you know, married my World War II vet granddad, of course she always said give 'em a fair trial and hang 'em in the morning. And that phrase has been ringing in my mind a lot lately. She sounds like my kind of woman. So, but let me, let me just back a little bit. So you create this vehicle in your shop right at home? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And you think that you could build it for 20 grand? Yeah. Is that true? Yeah. Okay. 20 grand. So it gets 104 it Mass produced Of course. Yeah. At scale. Not, not as a prototype Obviously. Yeah. So, but it does gets 104 miles per gallon.


It matches the Tesla off the line. You get to 16 under five seconds. Yeah. So that's like kind of the dream package right there. Yeah. Beats my, it runs on a readily available fuel that You can buy at any. Yeah. And I only put a we and we have the infrastructure for it. Well You can Fill it quickly, right? You can fill it up at a gas station. I Only put a five gallon tank in it. 'cause at a hundred miles a gallon, like I'm gonna need to get out and, you know, have the call of nature or stop at a gas station before. But if I put a bigger gas tank on it, I can drive from New York to LA On one tank. Yeah, of course. Okay. Now I have to point this out 'cause there's lots of smart people watching. They'll get it. Okay. Things like crash testing, airbags, climate control, that jazz.


Okay, great. It'll add a few hundred pounds more to it. Maybe I'll make the car a little bit better. But the other thing that happens when you actually develop and build something like that, you tune it better. I still can get those numbers and meet all of those same requirements. Okay. So, but can I just ask like, at that point it's like if you invent something that is truly useful and that, you know, at 20 grand ish, a new suburban's, like pushing a hundred grand right now, like the cars are outta control. Yeah. Who can afford That? Why Couldn't agree more. If you're gonna spend that much money on a car, go buy a vintage Ferrari or something. You know, I Don't know that I've ever bought a new car in my life and I don't plan to, but, but people want whatever, leaving that whole aside. But what you just described is something that like almost by definition would be successful.


So why can't you find someone to build it at scale? Well, it's 2025 and we live in the, in a wonderful country, but one that has evolved into a lot of industrial complexes And they don't like change. Yeah. But I mean, you know, no one wants ai. We're getting it Anyway. Well, yeah, but Right. We're getting massive change. It's power that's that's power against our and control and money. And they can do it And they will. Which I have to say one thing which I think you may appreciate AI effectively is a synthetic God that we're creating. Oh, of course.


How much of a biblical warning disaster is that? Oh, you don't have to dig too deep to be, We're destroying the entirety of the human experience. I just, I just wanted to say People themselves, right? Yeah. It's, It's Or replacing human beings. I know that'll end well. Apex of the golden cast. And By the way, I've done, I don't know how many interviews on the topic of AI around the world. I've been to a lot of different countries to learn just for myself more about what's happening there. And the one question that no one can answer is like, what's the benefit of this? Like, how, you Know, you know, control for others. Yeah. None of the bene. Yeah. Whatever. I, I don't wanna sound like an old guy, but I feel like one when I hear this topic. So, but anyway, just back to the, to the point, like why specific, so you've been talking about this on your podcast on YouTube?


Yeah. On my YouTube channel. Yeah. And which has a lot of viewers. And why has no one called you to say, you know, I'll friendship a couple hundred million bucks and we'll just build a facility. And The, the difficulty with things like this is, so, okay, first of all, you think, how do you do that? Okay. With what I'm talking about is not something that can be reasonably just scaled from a garage. Like, what am I gonna do? Just build a few little ones here, sell that eventually. No, I would buy one. You gotta something. If You're selling one, I would buy. What's it look like? I, I'm, Oh it's, it's Such a bad interviewer. I haven't even asked the basic Question. No, you should. It's, it's, it's pretty cool. But Can you describe it? Gimme a word picture. I'm trying to think if there's anything that quite looks like it. It's slippery. It looks like a cross between an exotic car and a little bit of a bonneville salt plaz car.


Wow. You didn't mention cyber truck. Does it have hard lines? No, Really? Well, I'd like it to be efficient. Oh. Rather than just interesting for aesthetic steak. Respectfully. I don't mean that as a dig. No, no. I'm not attacking the cyber truck. I personally think it's incredibly unattractive. It's not The cyber truck. Yes. I just like the mean and I respect the cyber truck by the way. I did a cyber truck review. Yeah. I think it's a really interesting vehicle. I'm glad it exists. And, but I'm just saying aesthetically. Yeah, It's pretty good looking. It's a little different because we're accustomed to seeing what we're seeing. It's Too many angles for me. Oh no, I was talking About my car, not the cyber truck. Respect. It's okay. Sorry, I'm obsessed. Is no The cyber truck.


The best meme is there's a, a DeLorean and an F1 17 Nighthawk, right? Yeah. And F1 seventeen's like the military guy. Yeah. Yeah. And DeLorean's kind of like the mom and the, the night hawk's. Like what do you mean? He's my son. He does, he doesn't look anything like me And they show the Cybert truck And he is like, whoa, you know, I'm more like 1935 Packard, you know, just soft lines. I Have a 31 Buick Fain. Is it pretty? Yes, very. Yeah, of course. It's, so anyway, I keep interrupting you. Tell me what it looks like. What would you compare it to? Something that people might Well, it's mid engine. Okay. So the engine's within the wheel base, but behind the cockpit it's two seat. It has butterfly doors, similar to like a McLaren F1.


In that regard, it was efficient. It has something of an open tail because I, it was very important the way the air flows around it, but also underneath it so that I can make it highly efficient. So, you know, the bottom of the, it's a monocoque structure where it's not like a a tube frame with a body stuck on it. The whole car is itself the structure as well. So the air, the way it flows over it through the radiator in the back also to the heating of the motor and the way that then intersects the trailing edge and the way the air flows around it. It's just all designed to be efficient. It sounds amazing. And You can even use the structure of the show we, the chassis or the structure.


So I can even make the stereo system very small and effective and efficient because naturally acoustically it works out well for that too. So it's a lot of fun with design. I just, every once in a while you need somebody who looks around at the world and goes, this is wrong. We can do better. I can do better. I'm going to do better. And that's, that's just So you build this thing, can you register it? Yeah. Just like go to the DMV and register it. Yeah, It's registered. No different than like an assembled vehicle or kick card. This a lot of ways that are a modified vehicle. It's Just like, and make car I made Yeah. Huh. Amazing Car guy stuff. What, what do people say when you drive it around?


I keep it relatively under wraps because respectfully, for as much time as it took me to build and what it represents, it's, I I consider it kind of valuable to trust out there in the wild with people on their cell phones and stuff. So I kind of go with a low profile, but people are definitely interested and enamored by when they See it. But they're not beating down your door. Correct. And that was the other interesting thing. So nobody reported on it. Even those, you know, I got a few hundred thousand views on it when I said everything I wanted to say and show it and it did the numbers right. I would think if somebody builds a diesel car that represents being affordable and recyclable, mass produced, that gets great fuel efficiency and has a low, low carbon impact and all people would be into that.


Well, one word I got back from an automotive media was telling, they said we don't report on dirty diesel and the other was diesel's dead. And I thought about that and I go, hang on, diesel's like one of the most used fuels there are. Wait, who, Who wrote that? It was said, it wasn't written. It was said to us privately. But these are like professional car reviewers Or something. Correct. They won't touch it. They won't write about it. Why do, this is a, obviously a much deeper question, but why do the worst people in the world, the most small minded, the stupidest, the meanest the people with like the most unbalanced, unhealthy personal lives? Why do they all go into journalism, do you think? That's a better question for you, but I have a theory. I dunno, I've been pondering this for like 35 years and I don't understand it.


Well, there Are certain personality types and I see the worst ones as kind of like, we talk about like the dark tri personality traits, which is like, you know, psychopathy and machiavellianism and narcissism, et cetera. You know, these kinds, I'm gonna get in a lot of trouble for this, but like in No, I love it. I you clearly thought about this. I Love No, I I've been around. So in the, in the normal car world, sports cars and such, I gonna get in trouble. I love exotic cars. I really do. Okay. Like when I was a kid, my dad showed me the movies Grand Prix, which James Gardner and Laal was Steve McQueen. Please tell me, you've seen at least one of these movies, right? I don't know. Movies. Well watch Lam with Steve McQueen just getting a good vibe as Steve McQueen being himself and just lamson straight in Laal early seventies, Porsche flat 12 against the Ferrari V 12 just singing it.


And like, as a kid, I'm like, I want that. You know what I mean? So I love exotic cars because for me, something like a V 12 Lamborghini is like, yes, I can't be Steve McQueen at LA Mall, but I can drive this. You know what I mean? Yeah. But nowadays they're paddle shifted and any anybody that wants to flex can buy 'em. So if somebody ever said to me, Hey Casey, I need you to find me the most narcissistic sociopaths possible. I'm like, no problem. Let's find the most Lamborghinis. And the reason I bring that up, not, and You say they're paddle, meaning the the Anybody can drive, they take anymore the barrier learning, right? It's, they don't take any more skill or appreciation for the machinery. Respectfully. How were they, were you like double clutching and like how hard were they to, to operate? I mean, before like a, when When there was standard Transmission.


Yeah. 'cause things like that back when, you know carbureated like anything you, you gotta treat a muscle car right? A little bit. You know, something that's carbureated, you know, an old parley Davidson. You Can model a harder, you know how to, how to operate it. Yeah. I mean, if you got, if you get the privilege of driving something like an old Lamborghini Ferrari from the seventies or earlier, you gotta be a little sympathetic. You gotta understand the transmission. You gotta be able to rev match gears and such. You're not gonna be doing wild burnouts and such. You gotta understand the carburetors and letting it warm up and appreciate it. And we're, we're industrial age where you don't have to do that. But to answer your question relating to journalism, I I make that joke about certain things attract certain personality traits because those personality traits can do well. So, you know, they also say Washington DC is Hollywood for ugly people.


That's for sure. And I think a lot of the traits of Hollywood to Washington DC to journalism are the same kind of manipulative sociopath tendencies that You can lie to somebody with a smile perfectly and and find the structured crazy chess game to ruin people's life and power. Play your way up and find power and money. Yeah, I Mean, I think, I mean clearly everything you've you're saying is, is true, but it's just disappointing to see it in journalism. Not because crappy people, they're gutless people with weird personal lives gonna journalism and they're cowards. Of course most people are, unfortunately. But they have no curiosity. I know. And that's what drives me insane.


Thank you. Because if there's one quality that, that defines journalism and a journalist, it's the desire to know more. Right. And they spend their whole life trying to, you know, attack you, call you a racist for wanting to know more. It's insane. So somebody called me, well actually you did call me. Yeah. And you're like, I built this car that gets 104 gallons, I mean, miles to a gallon. I'm not even a car guy, really? But I'm like, well that's kind of crazy on a diesel motor. Really. Engine. Yes. And you know, I tried to be polite and qualified myself far, but I thought I was like, thought it Was amazing. It was amazing. I was like, really? Is that really true? I guess you got video of it. So I guess it is. So I don't know why, if I was a professional car reviewer, I'd be like, I'm coming to your house, I wanna see what this is.


Yeah. And, and to be fair, in a manner of speaking, I didn't really invent anything. I just designed something better and thought about the world independently and like I'm doing this. It needs to represent what we actually can do and where we can go and, and I, I just, I have to do this.


Not all sleep aids are made by pharmaceutical companies. You probably heard about Eight Sleep by now. They develop the country's most innovative products for sleep. Almost everybody in our office uses something they make called the pod And they love it. And there's a reason that professional athletes and lots of other smart people do too. You add the pod to your mattress, like a mattress cover, and it helps you get a better night's sleep and fill with vitality at the start of each day in an intimidating way almost. It's amazing. How does it do it? Well, it uses advanced technology to track your sleep and automatically adjust the temperature of your side of the bed to what's perfect for sleep and temperature makes all the difference. It's backed by over 600 million hours of data. They've also used those insights to create their new product Sleep elixir to help you get quiet before you go to bed, fall asleep faster and stay knocked out longer. No grogginess, no weird side effects, just better deep sleep. So if you're ready to take sleep and recovery to the next level, go to Eight Sleep dot com slash tucker to get 350 bucks off your pod for ultra full refund for 30 days. If you don't love it, it works.


Were you obsessed? I don't think obsessed. No, but I mean, did it, was it the kind of thing that occupied your thoughts in bed and like, were you really fixated on it? I mean yeah, because I designed the things in my head. Yeah. You know, I'll do like a, a drawing or an engineering drawing or something just to communicate and show somebody else. But I'll run all the simulations and designing the entire structure and everything in my head. And my wife gets on my case sometimes. So we go on a date or she's like, ah, I can see the hamster wheel turning. I'm like, I'm sorry. That's how creativity works. You just, you know, Germinates in your head. You gotta I've Lived with you, but no, the, the journalists, I appreciate you saying that because they, they follow along, they want their power within their bubble. But the thing that's kind of crazy to me when I say they're gutless, you would think they would actually get better views and more clicks if they broke the mold to show something interesting that maybe goes against popular narratives.


But they don't, Oh, they spend their lives dutifully ignoring things. I mean, there are megaliths around the world, including in the United States, huge stone structures. And nobody including, you know, any structural engineer in the United States has no idea how they were built in the pre, you know, internal combustion age in the pre-industrial age. Like, there's literally not even a good guess as to this, how this was built. And I, of course, I don't know the answer either, but I mean, that's such an amazing thing when were the pyramids built, nobody knows how were they built. Nobody knows. I can't get that outta my head. There's a lot of, and again, I'm not pushing a conspiracy theory, I'm just noting what we don't know. Yeah. And I don't know why like, everyone's like, shut up, shut up.


What? No, I'm glad you said that. And there's a lot of other structures that are popping up more nowadays in archeology and there's even guys that do like surface lidar and they're seeing things in fields and such, and as, as silly as it's, Can you explain what that is for people who don't know what you're talking about? I, to be perfectly, I don't know it as well, but I think through the satellites and stuff that we can use now, like nerds and I mean that in a nice way spend the time like looking over it, it it shows the exact topography of the ground Exactly. Without vegetation and building On the way and suggest what's underneath It. Yeah. So if you start seeing geometric shapes and stuff might be something, It might be manmade, you know, or at least made. Yeah. Well, and the other thing is, so maybe not too long ago, 10, 20, 30 years ago, we think, oh, we've discovered everything.


We're brilliant. We know everything. It's just the opposite. It's not true. It's not truth. It's just the opposite truth. Its not true. I know, I know. I, I really, I don't know if I'll time or what the future will bring, but I really want to do some videos where you go to interesting places in the world to see and find these things. And one thing I'd, I'd really like to do is motorcycles around Saudi Arabia. Yeah. Because it is a fascinating kingdom with some really interesting history. I was just there. Well, yeah. Yes. And I was out in Ola, which is the a a truly ancient Yes. Right? Yes. That's the place you wanna see in. Yes. I've seen now one of them right out from Riyad. It's, it's quite amazing. But the archeology there, which is, you know, the Saudis have a lot going on. They're building a whole new society.


Yeah. And I don't know that they are, you know, focused on, like most emerging nations are not focused on archeology. All of the archeological sites of significance in the Middle East and the, you know, the near east of Lat were discovered by the Brits and the French. Right. All of them. They'd sat there for thousands of years. The locals were like, yeah, too busy trying to stay alive. Well, They knew of it. It was nor, I don't wanna say normal to them, but that's their home. But It took people from the outside to be like, like, wait, what the hell is that? You know, where was whatever, Sodom and Gomorrah, you know? Yes, Yes. Right. Yes. I mean, how much of that is biblical land, like the land of Midian, you know, which they know. But The point is that process of discovery and of creativity is driven by a common impulse, which is curiosity.


Yeah. And so when you don't have curiosity, you're, you're never gonna discover it or create. But more important, I think for the moment we're living in, it's like, why don't you have curiosity? Why is curiosity discouraged? Like that is a very de and i, I don't know the answer, but I find it scary. There's something sinister about that. Don't ask questions. Well why Social media is doing it to us. Yeah, but why, what's the, Well, I mean I don't even have very interesting crazy views on anything. But I know just from talking about World War ii, there are people alive who in World War ii, it's like, it just happened 80 years ago. People like denounce you as some Nazi, I couldn't be more against the Nazis just for the record, but it's like, what was Rudolph Hess doing in Great Britain?


That's like a really interesting question. No, not a lot. They murdered Rudolph Hess in Spandau in his eighties. I think it's really clear that he was killed. So he wouldn't say why he flew over. People just won't talk about things. But It's like, but why, Why is that scary to anybody? What are and the megalith thing and the archeology thing, why are these scary questions? Well, What's the answer? I don't understand. I'll Say it. So you said relating to your, your car's about control, right? Yeah. I don't want this 'cause they can't control it. It's the same thing of like saying, You can pry this, whether it's a sports car or firearm outta my cold dead hands. If people don't ask questions and they're not interested in their own history or culture or the past or any others And they can't relate, it's easier to keep them in one place and your thumb on them.


I I I think that's, I mean, look, if, but I, I don't begrudge people a lack of interest in anything. I mean, every person makes his own decisions about what he cares about and Yeah. And, you know, his beliefs, his religion, all those things, you know, I'm like very, I guess liberal in that sense. I just, I'm worried when people attack me for being curious. Yeah. I don't, I'm not into That myself and all these people on the so-called Right. You know, whatever, a lot of which is like totally fake. There's nothing right about it. And they're leftists or they're true, you know, obeying the same masters sort of attacking you for asking Oh, just asking questions. It's like, yeah, I'm just asking questions. Like, that's okay. In fact, that's Like the nature of human existence Or western civilization.


That's what Martin Luther Did. And the thing that frankly is so dangerous about Sorry. No, that's perfect. And, and frankly that's what I think is so dangerous about ai. Yeah. The journey, the life journey to find the wisdom to learn to seek the truth. Well, that's Stop it. And then who's controlling it? Well, the iPhone has not made us better informed. You know, the internet has not made us better informed. In fact, it's centralized control over information, in effect, when Wikipedia is the first search result. And Wikipedia is completely controlled by the US government, by the intel agencies. Fact, and the results in Wikipedia are shaped subtly, sometimes not so subtly to produce a worldview.


Yeah. That is inherently dishonest. Yes. Its not, it's not true. And if you get your history through Wikipedia, I look at WikiEd Wikipedia every day. I'm not a, you know, there's certain great things about Wikipedia, but, but big picture, you're gonna have no idea what happened in the past. No. If all you do is Read Wikipedia, no. How can you, I mean, we can think of so many popular things through history that are just that way, where people only know one superficial level. The internet, are you kidding me? Did that to us. Oh, no, no. It has, it has made everything more extreme and pigeonholed everything, you know, and, but Also dumber, like people don't read books. Well, here's something I noticed just from, sorry. Now I'm Really good. Oh no, you, you're, you're right. Well, just from doing automotive YouTube. Yeah. It still works the same as every other YouTube human interaction and all that.


I, it's kind of a funny way to put it. So I was a car guy before YouTube, right. I built cars, I did all that sort of thing. A lot of people that become more prominent in the automotive region of YouTube, they weren't as big a car guy. They kind of just rose up as an interesting character. And they're happy to be somewhat famous, make some money, do their thing, get acknowledgement. And as I, I grew that, which is funny 'cause the entirety of the reason I went on YouTube was just to try to get some exposure for the nonprofit I was doing because I couldn't get any with traditional media. Yeah. I was kind of pissed off. Yeah. So I ended up there for that reason, but kept it going. 'cause it's like, okay, well if something of a voice, this is good for the nonprofit to give it exposure or just try to have a life and go somewhere, you know.


But what I noticed is they call the people that are creating the content, the influencers, they're the influenced. 'cause they're always chasing an algorithm. And the algorithm wants to keep you in one place. That's so true. It doesn't let you evolve. It doesn't let you do anything. No, No. It's totally right. It, it, it's, it's a, it's a pseudo reality. And I see how that affects the culture in young people. I, I don't like it. No, it's the sneaky dance tale for sure. I, I wonder though, like, I'm sure this has occurred to you, and I'm terrible at business, so don't take my advice, but like, since you have designed something that has inherent utility and obvious mass appeal, and I, I'm naive enough to think that still matters.


Like, if you make a great thing, it does matter. People want it and they'll pay for it. Especially if it's cheap. Why not just do like a crowdfunding situation where you're like, all right, you know, I designed this vehicle, it gets 104 miles to the gallon on diesel fuel, which You can buy anywhere and that, you know, can match an electric vehicle off the line. Like, who wants to send in money and let's make this thing Right. Well, it's how you scale it, right? So in my thinking, if you do a crowdfunding type of thing, that's very grassroots. Respectfully. Yeah. And I would have to go a different direction with the car where they'd kind of almost be like self-assembled prototype type things. And that's, that's cool. But honestly, the thing I kind of worry about doing that, starting a small scale versus something else, is that I don't want to do something in a sense too good to where they try to change the, the laws and ruin the ability for people to build their own cars.


I know that sounds a little kooky, but the other thing is, if you think of like private equity guys and such, typically they want a faster return on such. And the problem is when you're thinking of something that frankly upsets an industry and relates to the automotive industry, how do you integrate it? Can you use the processes to make smaller parts that can be profitable in industry? Do you start smaller like that? Do you, do you wanna do all big scale and create a car company from the ground up? Because that's no small task monetarily speaking. No, it's not. And there's only so many idealistic rogue billionaires in the world, you know, and that's generally what it takes. Unless you have a government that wants to make something happen. If You can make a vehicle like this for 20 grand, why not just sell it for 50 grand on the internet?


I'd buy one. You have a point. But you gotta scale that to a point that works. 'cause there's a big difference between doing something in a small manufacturing to mass production. But at the same, there's just Gotta be a way to get it out there. I mean, well, Elon's first car with Tesla, the Roadster was a Lotus Elise chassis with a different body and electrified. And the guys that I knew who had those originally were rich guys. They had Ferraris and Lamborghinis and that was their cool toy to start with. What's this car called by the way? The Tesla roast Your, your original one car. Oh mine. The Omega car. I called it The Omega car. Yeah, I'd like an omega car in Forest Green. Could you do that? Oh yeah. Actually, yeah. Why not? I'd buy it in a second.


Can you ship 'em? You can. You can, we'd have to talk if you wanna prototype something though. Maybe we'll make something special. Yeah. Hold your fly rods. Yeah, for real. If You can't use it, what good is it? You know, I'm getting One. So I just wanna go back to something you said in the very first moments of this interview. You said that you don't own any, you're obviously a car guy. You build cars. Yeah. My, my happiness is way too wrapped up in the ability to just drive my own car. Yeah. I love But You were there anybody's around or not? I don't care. I just, just lemme drive my own car. But You like wrenching on him too? Yeah, it's, it's rewarding. I don't wanna say you wanna do it all the time. No, No. It's Awful. I, I'm, I try to, my, my hands have healed up enough.


I won't bleed on my white shirt today. That's nice. But can I ask, like you said that You don't have any vehicle older than early two thousands? Newer. Newer than early 2000 rather. Yeah. Newer. I beg your pardon. So Why is that? Like, what's bad about cars made in the last 25 years? And please be very specific. Oh, I will. The first problem with new cars is you lose money hand over fist to depreciation. Yes. And then if you have to take out a loan for it, you're also paying interest on that. Yes. And one of the fastest ways I see normal people in general lose money is on new cars. Yeah. And they do it because they're afraid they can't work on it or service it. That's exactly right. Exactly. That's basically the only real Reason's. Exactly. Right.


But then you get dealerships that just find new ways to not do their warranty work. 'cause that's where they make a lot of money. And that's, that's a separate thing. So a new car, I mean, that's nice if You can afford it. But rather than buying a new a hundred thousand dollars truck or SUV i'd, I'd rather buy this nice used one for, I don't know, 15 or 20 and spend the rest of the money. I'll go, you know, if you got it, go buy a vintage Ferrari or a muscle car, something cool, you know? Yeah. At least keep your money, have some fun. But it's more than that cars, I would say in the last 20 to 25 years. The evolution is not for the sake of the car and the person and so much of the experience. It's more for the sake of the nature of dealing with regulation and keeping a profit margin and building it.


And when you do that, you make things that are inherently more prone to failing in the future and less serviceable. And that's not good for ownership or an actual lifespan. So everything, I mean, I grew up working on a motorcycle with a carburetor and that still got, and building the carburetor, adjusting the flow bowl, you know, had a timing light, adjust the points. I mean all that stuff, just like really super basic mechanics and you know, there are lots of downsides to that. They break a lot, but you could understand it. My feeling is the vehicles that I have had that are newer, I mean, I have no idea how they work. I don't fuel injection is still kind of a mystery to me. I'm sorry to say that.


It is, it Works the same way as a carburetor. It's just metered and more complicated. Well, I guess that this trend toward making everything electric. I bought a truck last year, a Chevy truck, which I've always had. And I was at a a gas station and all of a sudden on the dashboard it says, stop. We're downloading information from the internet or something While you were driving. No, I was, I was stopped. It just specifically wanted you to stay stopped so it can, So it could, I don't know, d download softwares. I sold the car immediate, I brought it back and sold it to Me. They wanted all your data to provide it to insurance companies to wreck your life. I'm sure. Is that true? Okay. Insurance companies will be the downfall of cars and driving.


I guarantee it. And the other thing is, all the cameras that are out there, everybody's putting cameras on their car. I'm like, okay, you guys Cameras on their car. Well you've, you've, I'm sure you've seen it like people are buying little cameras to see what happens if somebody does something stupid on the road, You can use that to protect yourself legally. Right. That's why they sell it. It's never occurred to me, but yes. Okay. What happens when those are mandated in every car, everywhere? What happens when you're completely mandated control car shuts off at exactly 55 mile an hour speed limit no matter what. It's just another method of slippery slope of control. And it'll come from insurance Companies and, and the law enforcement can turn off your car from afar. Correct? Yeah. And they do Well with certain cars, Not mine. Yeah. Certain cars.


So what's the, when's the last year you could have a car that can't be controlled? Oh, that's a good question because I don't mess around with those cars very often or ever. But if you, is it fair to say if you Ones that are connected to the internet are a satellite in some way? You know, OnStar kind of came about with your mirror and I, I don't really know much about it, but that was kind of the first, I think mainstream way when we saw cars were being specifically connected to something beyond yourself. So would you say pre nine 11 cars or say or not, They're a lot safer in terms of that. The other thing too, in the early two thousands, a system called hand bus system came out. Hand bus, It was to make wiring more efficient. You theoretically have less wires, but everything is tied together through almost like a spinal cord of the computer and it has to speak to each other.


And that was something else. That's kind of a beginning of the end and being serviceable in the future and not creating cars with a lot of glitches. It does feel like everything is, you're gonna have like fly by wire cars with, you know, We already do. The other thing is a couple small points that are also happening, we're the right to repair your own private property is under attack. That's for farmers. What does that mean? Well, I think there was a big thing going on with John Deere tractors where farmers couldn't service their vehicles. They have to take 'em to the, the dealership and have to plug in with the computer that only the dealership has through the, the company. And forgive me if I got this wrong, I think it was John Deere. But that's something that's happening everywhere because if manufacturers or dealerships want more money, well they want you to service with them.


And if they make it so You can only service with them no matter what, well then they're going to, in an authoritarian way, force you to let them make the money, which is frankly another method of control. And when you start adding all those things up, you just keep taking away all the power for the people before eventually you get to a point where will, you will even be able to own your own car anymore and will you driving it be a liability to where if we have self-driving cars, it just takes you there at the most efficient time that whatever the it wants you to, wants you to. So that's like an attack on human autonomy, obviously. Yeah. It's where we're it's where that's going and something I Hate. So I, I had a Harley Davidson, you know, since I was in college in 1971, which, you know, nice, I could kind of understand grape bike.


But I bought a new Harley last year And they delivered it, you know, big har fun bike fast, you know, like six speeds, which Is actually comfortable Crazy to me. And that just the transmission is like great. I mean, my bike, you downshift, you gotta pop the throttle. Yeah, of course. No return spring in the throttle. You gotta pop it like that to get it down. And so the shifting in this thing was just like beyond belief. But when they delivered it to my barn, they, I said, I, let's talk about how to change the oil obviously. And they go, p you know, No, no, We don't, we actually, we recommend bringing it to the dealership. And I was like, yeah, but it's changed the oil and the motorcycle's like not hard.


And they're like, well, you know, there are gaskets and gaskets. Why would it be a gas? Why would you have to replace a gasket to change the oil? Anyway, I brought it back to the dealership, didn't want It. Oh really? You're like, and now I'm done with you guys. I, I I did And they were great. I don't mean to attack them in any way. They were awesome people. Most motorcycle people are great people And they definitely were. But I didn't want a motorcycle where you had to replace a gasket. I mean like pop the jugs off. Okay. But I mean maybe like, you might have oil change, a little like copper o-ring or aluminum ring or something on the drain plug. But like, well of course you always have is this one of those crazy modern manufacturing thing where you have to disassemble half The engine was a gas And they, they're like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. I was like, I'm not rebuilding the lower end, you know, I just sort change the oil and they're like, you know, most of our customers bring that back to the dealership.


And I was, and I, I don't know, I didn't like that at all. Yeah. And I felt like there was a scam involved. Yeah. It which is the one you described, right? Yeah. It it just triggers something kind of in your, because you're in the back. Something wrong here. Yeah. Well, and I don't say those things in a like kooky, conspiracy conspiratorial type of way, but it's literally where we're going. And you know, when I see things like that and I mentioned about it'll be insurance companies that ruin it for everybody. Because the other thing is what happens when they start making it where you can't drive your older cars anymore?


Do you ever feel Like you can't trust the things you hear or read? Like every news source is hollowed, distorted, or clearly just propaganda lying to you? Well, you're not imagining it if the last few years have proven anything. It's that legacy media exists to distort the truth and to control you to gatekeeper information from the public instead of letting you know what's actually going on. They don't want you to know. But there is a publication that fights this that is not propaganda. One that we read every month and have for many years. It's called Imp Primus. It's from Hillsdale College in Michigan. And Primus is a free speech digest that features some of The best minds in the country addressing the questions that actually matter. The ones that are not addressed in the Washington Post or on NBC News, The best part of it, it is free, no cost whatsoever, no strings attached. They just send it to you. Hillsdale will send in premise right to your house, no charge. All you gotta do is ask go to Tucker for hillsdale.com and subscribe for free today. That's tucker for hillsdale.com. The only way this stays a democracy is if the citizenry is informed. You can't fight tyranny if you don't know what's going on in Primus helps. It's free. Don't wait, sign up now.


So I always told that cash for Clunkers, do You remember that program? Yes. That was, that was a little early before I started paying attention to the guns on World Bill. That was, so the federal government basically paid clunkers, like perfectly fine cars built before a certain date. You could redeem them for cash and then they just, they melted 'em. And I felt like there was something pretty sinister about that. But maybe I'm just like one of those paranoid wackos who well don't think Randy Weaver deserved to be killed. I don't know, maybe I'm just on the fringe. If an industry far right, no, if an industry is no longer about innovation and it's so big that it can't fail and it's pushed to go a certain way, well then The best way to ensure that it succeeds is force you to buy something new, even if it's not in your own best interest.


No, exactly. But it does, you know, you raise the question, which is how do you service vehicles made before nine 11? And that is why people don't want them. And I must say after made before you, you said you buy the One's made before easier to service than the one's made after it. Well, no, I mean it's like if you buy an older vehicle and I drive an older vehicle, so I know it's like you can't just, I mean, you have to know someone who can fix it. Yeah, of course. To an extent. Yeah. But are we entering a world where there won't be any mechanics? Who can, who, who know what a carburetor is, for example? Well, I don't, I don't know about that so much. It's specialized, but they're simple. You can look at it and know the basic principles that are going on.


It's the newer stuff that's crazy. For instance, my father-in-law recently got my mother-in-law, this nice new SUVI think it's a BMW, I think it's a hybrid, SUV. She likes it. And my father-in-law look at it and go by and we're like, there's a lot of servos and things. Whirring and buzzing. And I don't wanna say it, but I guess I'm saying it now. It's kinda like, when is this thing gonna break and how much is that gonna cost? Yeah. And no, you're not gonna reasonably fix that. And then when that thing is older that all these highly specialized little mechanisms and circuit boards and servers or whatever go bad. Who's making that? And is it worth making it anymore? Or is it just another giant complicated, toxic, wasteful thing that we go on on this vicious consumer cycle?


No, they just, they just crush it. Well, some older cars, You can still fix this goofy story maybe, but I bought a, for $8,000. I bought a 1996 Rolls Royce off Facebook marketplace kind of as a joke. I'm like, I, I don't know, this might be kind of cool. I love the car and I ended up fixing it up for almost nothing. And I got a car that in 1996. Did it run? Yeah, It was a great car taking over family trips and all in it. I didn't have do That much, you know, a Rolls Royce. Yeah. It was like 170, $80,000 in the nineties. But where I'm going with it is, what's the Way you roll? Hey Look, I may not be wealthy, but like I can live Well if you got a toolbox and some know-how and you think for yourself, you know, but where I was going with it is that car's fixable the way it's constructed, what Kind of engine does it have?


It's Got a va, it's all aluminum, naturally aspirated, va, the transmission's, general Motors based. So when I needed stuff to fix it, I just got it locally. It was no big deal. And sure there's some things that are old roll Rolls Royce on it, but it's built differently. It's built to where You can actually repair the part, not just be a parts changing type of mechanic, like modern things. And people get into technology for technology's sake nowadays, but it's the philosophy of design that goes behind it. We're locked in this consumer industrialized. Only new is better, more complicated, more expensive, more regulated. When the mentality and the know-how should we say of the first half of the 20th century, we built things that could actually be repaired.


We built things that can be serviceable, that can last to an extent. So why are we not still using good design and engineering mindsets and techno, you know, direction with modernity in a way that's actually useful for people and communities and a nation. And rather than just an industry I'm most struck by, I mean, 'cause we've de-industrialized is part of it. So that makes sense to me. You know, why, why can't we build this or that thing? Why haven't we been to the moon, you know, in 50 years assuming we went in the first place? I kind of get that because there are fewer competent engineers.


Everyone's a marketing major. Okay, that makes sense. What I don't understand is the decline in design across, and not just in automotive, but across, across the society, the civilization actually, We're making things ugly, aren't we? Why is that? That's a cultural issue. I was in another city, I won't name it, but a, you know, nice kind of tertiary city and but a growing city with a lot of nice people in it. Affluent. And I was driving through, this was last week, and I was driving through an affluent neighborhood with one of my children who's a design person. And I said, that's that house is black. This is new built, it was brand new house. Yeah. And they painted It black. Normally that would've meant in Europe you got the black peleg don't come here.


Yeah. Back in the day. Right. Like if you're in Amsterdam, a black house. Like what Amsterdam. And then I saw another, and then I saw like three more. I said to My like, daughter, these people hate themselves. What is This? She goes, it's disgusting. And I I, I felt that way, but like, what? Why would you ever paint a house black? Or why would you build, like what the hell is going on with design? What what's your theory? Actually I went in college, went to Ohio State, third generation there, and originally I was going in for automotive design or product design. I, I really should have gone into engineering. That's my forte. But where I'm going with this is it's housed within fine art in colleges. Yeah. And I, I, I generally dislike modern art.


Okay. I think, I think that if you don't have the techn the technical skill to do something actually beautiful, then I don't care about your, your whohoo abstract ideas. Right. But where I'm going with this is so-called art and design and product design has been influenced over the 20th century. Going back to like the Frankfurt school in Europe, which frankly was a lot of communist mindset that infiltrated the art world and it's made well sure. It's anti, it's anti-Western civilization. It's anti Christian. It's anti Anti, That's the point. Of course. It's The simplest thing. In fact, I gave you this small detail. I ended up hating my experience there.


I ended up quitting after like a year and a half and designing my own major just to get the hell outta school because I was kind of pissed off actually. Because there was one specifically, I remember in this one class, we get to design something for the whole semester, right? And we're gonna design a bathroom scale. I'm like, okay. I thought about it. I'm like, this sucks with the way they're teaching us to have an aesthetic do the simplest thing possible, which is somewhat communistic in a way. You know, it seems almost solely That's the imperative. Make it as simple as possible, The simplest, most boring thing possible. I'm like, what is the point? Let's just have a white room with one sili chair in the back of it. We'll just sit there and hate our lives. Like anything beautiful, anything classic they shied away from design.


Literally pushed away. What About natural? Natural beauty? That's not their thing. It does seem like there's a very intense, like almost visceral hatred of nature coming off design people. It's Like strangely, yes. Strangely. But in regard to the story I have to tell you. So the bathroom scale, I thought to myself, this is gonna take a semester. It doesn't even have to function. And if they just wanna make the simplest thing possible, okay, here, here's a round piece of glass with an LCD display on it that tells you to go eat a salad. Like I, well I don't wanna do this. And so I met with the academic advisor and I said, I will meet all of your academic requirements for this class, but please let me design something at my level right now.


Let me design a car. And they said no, they would not let me design anything just Because there's too much initiative and too much creativity. They Wouldn't, they wouldn't let me do it. Did you pay For this experience? Yeah, sadly. And that's a problem with Arian educational system. You know, libraries are free. Yeah. You know, there's a lot of nice people out there that can help you learn. But so I stayed around in that program for another semester. I didn't do anything the whole semester, the night before the exam and presentation, I just Ferris Bueller a bunch of stuff together and ran around, I don't know, got a b plus and I just designed cars on things on my own. But how insane is that, that in college when you're actually paying to be there and they're supposed to be design and product design, that they won't actually let students do what they're capable of doing or push a boundary or go anywhere.


They literally keep a thumb on you like that. I quit the program after that and I stopped caring where fortunately when I was in high school, and hopefully people have teachers that actually care that matter. I had art teachers that made the world a difference for me and a lot of other people. Yes. That was huge. And people write things off now in, you know, pre-college things like shop home ec, vocational art, engineering, drawing. Those are some of the most important things You can possibly have. But we got rid of all of those things to push college prep Way more than, I don't know, third wave feminist literature. I don't know. Re rethink what you just said and ask yourself, do I really mean, do I mean what I said?


Well that I don't know. That architectural draftsmanship is more important than say the color purple by Alice Walker. You mean the things that actually make you contributing, functioning, individual member society that Elevate beauty and truth over like garbage by some low IQ and happy chick. Yeah. Yeah. They go into an academic vacuum. That's not the real world that's fueled by loans. You can't default on whether there's gonna be a job for you or not. You know, I I would say beneath your card design, exterior lies a fairly incisive and bitter critique of the society, I think. And look around. Yeah. I I don't like liars. I don't like being lied to.


And that goes culturally too. I don't either. I completely agree. So how I just, I just have to be clear on this, how if there are other eccentric people out there who would like one of these vehicles that you've designed, how would they, would you be willing to make them to order? Yeah, I could. I could do that. You, you have to think about the structure of who wants to do what. You know, early adopters are usually people that can afford something that's, it's gonna cost more than 20 grand. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. When you're building something. But certainly that can be done. I could make lower production numbers and you could build something and a bit of a movement too from the ground up. Well, it'd be cool to build it with a gas tank sufficient to get coast to coast or Yeah.


You know, I'd be, it's very doable. And the other thing is I, you know, I like to do amateur race driving and vintage racing. So I like to make cars that are fast. And for me it's kind of fun, the idea to make things that get over a hundred miles a gallon that beat Dodge Vipers and Corvettes and Teslas, you know, that's what we did back with bus cars. So how do people find you if like, if, if you made it this far in the interview, I'm shockingly easy to find. You are I, I perhaps a little scary. So maybe find a nice method rather than I just look out the window one day and go, ugh. So you're not giving your home address. Not at this moment, but Are you open to kind of custom build? Of course I'm open to doing things. I mean, you know, I have a nice enough life. I have a, I have a wife, I have a cute daughter, nice neighborhood and neighbors and toys to play with.


But there's more to life than that. Can you find men to work for you? Like Yeah, of course You can. In fact, I've been mentoring college students for the last decade plus I can call up half of them. They've got great jobs. Well, I guess it gets to a larger question. I mean, the trades are not dead, correct? No, they're not dead. And they're vastly important right now, of course more people should be going into 'em. I know You wouldn't have all the student debt, but in Your life, if, if you all of a sudden got an order for 15 of these vehicles, could you find the people necessary? Yeah, I can put that together. Wow. Okay. Well, and even if there's something that I don't know, I'm gonna find it. Yes. Like you make it happen. But, you know, one man can't do everything by themselves. You know, if you, if you're building something and nobody wants it, well that's a problem.


You need to build something somebody wants. And if it requires a team of people coming together, whether that's with talents or resources or finances to do it, then you find a way. Do you think if he started doing this, the government would jump on you? It depends on how you do it. It, it is a game. And to be honest, when I, when I look at the car and what I've done with that, or with the educational nonprofit or anything else in life, I look at how do I have the biggest positive impact I possibly can. You know? And right now the biggest impact with regard to the car is talking about it. So people do know what's possible. So hopefully maybe they kinda, you know, wake up for a second from the cell phone, look around and think that that's, that's a vastly important thing to do.


So I think it has tremendous value there. But, you know, I wanna build something I, you know, I'm an America first kind of guy. Like why in the heck are we not building these things here? Yeah. Why we should, you know, and I'll give you an example. I've been around the sun, I dunno, 43 times in my life, right? When I was younger and we were working a little town golf course, that's a family business. And a lot of the guys that golf at our golf course were blue collar. Everybody there is largely working class old World War II vets, that sort of thing, right? Yeah. It's Toledo. Yeah. Yeah. Well, and that was even Tiffin. But the point I'm making is, or if I'm like riding a motorcycle around Toledo or something, I'm like, nothing's changed. Nothing's changed in the last 50 years. There's people out here, they, they will, they want to work, they want a job, they want a community.


Yeah. But what's going on out there in the world that doesn't allow people to have that anymore? And that that's, that's what frankly ticks me off. And usually I get ticked off and then I think and plan and do something. Yeah. Well there's an instinctive hatred coming from our leaders for those kind of people. I know. It's pretty obvious. I know. Casey, I really appreciate you taking all this time. Amazing. Thank you. And I'm gonna order a vehicle from you. I Appreciate, it'd be fun. Thank you. We wanna Thank you for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day. We know the people who run it. Good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bell so you never miss an episode.


We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter. Telling the truth. Always, you'll not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell. We appreciate it. Thanks for watching.