
Welcome to The Tucker. Carlson Show. We bring you stories that have not been showcased anywhere else, and they're not s of course, because we're not gatekeepers. We are honest brokers here to tell you what we think you need to know and do it honestly. Check out all of our content at Tucker Carlson dot com. Here's the episode. Let's start at the beginning. Yeah. What just happened? So I'm driving up here to undisclosed location one, and you know, I'm, I'm getting these phone calls all of a sudden, just like I got random phone calls a week ago that said Donald Trump has been shot. And we didn't even know at the time what was going on. And then suddenly I'm getting phone calls from my team saying, Hey, Joe Biden has just dropped out.


I'm like, what do you mean he dropped out? Is there an Oval Office address? He's not in the Oval Office. He's supposed to be in Rehoboth. This very suspicious letter, which is signed by Joe Biden in a signature that is different from all of his other signatures gets put out and it says that he's dropping out of the race. It doesn't cite a reason, it doesn't cite any specifics as to what's going on. Doesn't endorse Kamala Harris in the letter itself, and it's just posted to his Twitter account, just X. So it's posted up there and we don't hear from him. We don't see him, we don't see Jill, we don't see any of the senior staff. His senior staffers are the ones informing the cabinet after this.


So Biden himself doesn't even call his own cabinet to talk to them. So it's 1115 on Monday. Yes. And as of right, and by the time this is posted, it may change, but we have not heard from Biden. We have not heard from Biden or seen Biden personally sinned, no proof of life Wednesday at this event in Las Vegas where they pulled him out because he was diagnosed with Covid. Nothing. There's been no sighting of him at all. As as of today. I haven't seen anything. I haven't heard anything. We get all these reports from someone familiar with the president's thinking you're familiar with Joe Biden's, you know, thought processes, someone who claims that they just saw Biden.


But no, there's no Biden, there's no evidence of Biden. There's no sighting of Biden. There's no, there's no Biden taking a selfie saying, saying, Hey America, thanks for the memories. Nothing, not a single piece of it. The closest We have, I think, is his brother Frank coming out to CBS yesterday, not on camera. Right. Telling the reporter, you know, I love my brother and for whatever time he has left, yep, I'll be glad to be with him. And then the Biden family apparently comes out and says, well, actually, Frank's an alcoholic. You can't listen to anything he says, Yeah, that's crazy, Frank. And he hasn't talked to his brother in weeks. But that being said, even if he did talk to his brother weeks ago, And, there was a medical condition that raises to that level, then, then we don't know. Look, that being said though, what, what he lines up, what he said, Frank, about Biden, whatever time he has left, that actually lines up with something that I heard from a, a well-placed White House official, not as high as the inner Circle or anything like that, but said something about Biden asking questions about, you know, what is it like to have dementia?


What, what is it like to lose your mind and realizing that there's no, there's no future for you. Your future is, that is your legacy, of course, but your future personally is you're gonna be confined to a bed and you're gonna wake up and maybe not remem not recognize people's faces, this type of thing. And that he was asking those questions. And so perhaps when he talked to his brother, he said something similar, But it's Monday. We're in the middle of two wars, and we're in the middle of these wars. Oh yeah, we're paying for these wars. Americans are fighting in these wars right now. And, there may be a third war with Iran approaching quickly.


That's my read on it. And there's no proof that Joe Biden even exists right now. There's nothing, this is even Khrushchev. So when, when the Soviets wanted to get rid of Khrushchev in 1964, he was on vacation and he's down in, I guess it's in the Republic of Georgia now, and Acaia, and he is on the beach and Brezhnev and all the guys get together in the Kremlin and they say, okay, we're, we're done with this guy. He's old. We're pushing him out. This is, they go, they're, they're like, we're not gonna wait for death of Stalin on him. We're just gonna go in and decide we're making the move they get with the Kg B. 'cause they were guy Bre NV had already kind of maneuvered everything. So his guys were in power, and they go, they run the full unhuman playbook on him and say, you're done. They haven't come back when he flies back and they say, we have a, we have a, we have a meeting to discuss agricultural reports, you know, and they come in, KGB intercepts, Khrushchev at the airport.


They bring him in and they hand the letter in front of him and they say, this is the letter, you're gonna sign it. And Khrushchev at that point goes, you know what? I'm old. I always kind of knew this day was gonna come. So he just goes along with it. He just totally lays out, they put him on her house arrest for the rest of his life. He's never seen or heard from again. He gets like a memoir that comes out. But That's the Soviet Union. I mean, this is a, this is a, oh Yeah, free and transparent Country, some citizens, whatever Here. I mean, so you sort of suck. That's a crazy other thing. But what's So bewildering to me is that nobody mentions it. I mean, I Go, go look at the media right now if wired.com, it's a conspiracy theory to say that this was a coup. This was, there's this whole that hagiography that's going on right now of, oh, it was this tense decision that Biden was grappling with it.


But We don't know any of that. Oh, of course we do. We've been informed by people close to his thinking that, that, that this is exactly how it went down. And of course, none of us were in the room. None of us got to see any of this, but we're all told, no, this, this is exactly what happened. Joe Biden isn't not there himself telling us that any of it's happened. And as actually as of this time of recording, we haven't even heard from Kamala Harris yet, who we're told there isn't anything physically wrong with her. So why isn't Kamala coming out, or Jill coming out, or anyone coming out and just talking to the American people, and at least giving us some semblance of a story as to what's going on. As someone Who's thought for the last few years, that this was not a democracy, it's an oligarchy.


You know, the real business conducted in the shadows, shielded from public scrutiny by lies and classification laws. You know, I've thought all that for a while. 'cause it's clearly true. But to see that all revealed, they just took the mask off. So What what you're Is shocking. What you're seeing is a layer being pulled back and the core is never revealed. So in the intelligence community, you would, you would say, alright, if your cover is blown or you've got an issue with your cover, you've got an issue with our identity, whatever it is, an opera, someone's asking questions about the operation. You never come out and say, well, you got me. I'm CIA, yep, yep, yep. Langley sent your No. What you would do is that you would, you would peel back a layer and say, okay, you know, I may have lied about this thing, but, but, but here's what's really going on.


But you never get to the full truth. So think of it as layers of an onion, for example. So you never get to the core, just one peel comes off, and now we're gonna go with that. So the peel that's coming off right now is, yes, Leviathan does have to show itself in order for this move to take place. And that's what's happening. So this idea that you live in, that they, that they promote a lot more than Republicans promote, by the way that we live in a democracy and the people are the ultimate arbiters of sovereignty and justice in America. And we're fighting to protect our democracy, by the way, we're protecting our democracy from Donald Trump, who's the biggest threat to democracy. But this guy, well, we don't like him anymore, so we're just gonna remove him and we're gonna pull his money and we're gonna pull his delegates.


And then actually the, to me, the most, the most interesting thing that I see is when you watch all these, these delegates, all these delegations are coming out now. North Carolina has decided they're behind Kamala Harris and New York says they're behind Kamala Harris. And each delegation starts going, this is like watching the election results in North Korea, because what, what do you mean the delegates are suddenly for Kamala Harris, the delegates were voted for by the people of the Democrat Party, like 14 million people or something voted in this election. And suddenly their votes don't matter anymore. The arch have just Decided, it's, it does seem like we're at a point where all of a sudden it happened fast. We're we're beyond words and rhetoric beyond politics, beyond process even.


And we're dealing with people who are absolutely went to kill other people for power. Like that's real. of course. And, and to stage a coup against an elected president who supposedly got 15 million more votes in any president in history, Where are all the, the Biden voters, It's, nobody even cares about all that stuff. None of that was ever real. Now they're admitting it's not real, and it's just the people with the guns are in charge. It does feel that way. It's, it's a hundred percent true. And, and this is, look, we have the book about it. And when, when you have an oligarchy that is pushed up against the wall, which, which by the way, they are right now, and this, this is, it's a dangerous point. But also, they would not be doing this if they didn't have to, if they didn't have to go up against Trump.


If the assassin's bullet had been one half inch, quarter inch to the right, and things had gone a little bit differently in that field in Butler, Pennsylvania, then they wouldn't be have to make these moves, right? Because then it would be, oh my gosh, you know, this horrible thing, but we're gonna, we're gonna trudge on the election, must go on, America must be safe. Joe Biden is the guy, the stable candidate. And you'd be hearing the exact opposite from all of them. They'd be talking about how great Biden is presiding over the funeral of Donald Trump and maybe state funeral or something like that to sort of, you know, appease the, the right. But, but of course, never actually give any time. But I wonder if we'll, like, remember what we're learning right now, which is that everything that Joe Scarborough and Wolf Blitzer and Margaret Brennan are, you know, all these people, it's all lies.


They'll, they'll say anything they need to say, the Democratic party is not democratic in any sense. Its voters are purely puppets. So its politicians, it's all fake. And that maybe we should just never forget that and say it out loud. Like none of this means anything. You're yapping about democracy, of rule of law, law and order. Like it's all fake. You're totalitarians, you'll kill people who get in your way. You can never have power. And the rest of us should be prepared to make actual sacrifices to prevent you from getting power, because we're gonna become a totalitarian state. If you do, I mean that, those seem like the obvious lessons to me. The, the final goal here is the deconstruction of American elections, of course. And the idea that, so 2016, if you look at it, if you look at it through the unhuman playbook, the unhuman lens, the filter is that, you know, these people have taken control and have been in control for, you know, we could debate exactly when the control point took place.


November of 63, probably. It's a, That's a pretty good date. That's That's pretty, I seems seem like an obvious one. Kind of Just pull it out. Yeah. And, and so the idea then is that since that's taken over, the national security state has taken over in league with the oligarchs, et cetera, et cetera, that every president since then has either had to either come directly from there, like George HW Bush, who was the director of CIA before he became president, or been at least acquiescent to their whims and going along with their wars, going along with whatever it is that the plane is for the empire. And then 2016 happens like by accident. And because, you know, who would've thought this guy could come in and, and take over? And so you have this problem. You have, you're trying to get him out of office the entire time.


You're trying to like bat him down, you know, kick him off the beach head and, and get, but at the same time, you're also infiltrating and you're, you're going through the administration, you're planning your people in to at least subvert as much as possible. So then you get, you know, people like Pompeo and people like Bolton get in. So they're trying to run a couple regime change ops in like Venezuela or, you know, doing different things in, in the Gulf, for example. And so, but it never really goes anywhere because at the end of the day, he's still not one of yours. So then you get rid of him in 2020. Then finally you have the opportunity to take another bite at the apple. Somehow the law fair doesn't work. Somehow all of these things don't work. You always know that you have a nuclear option in a situation like that. And the nuclear option is like November, 1963.


Yeah. Just murder the Guy. And, but you wouldn't want to do that first. And this was something that the East Berliners understood, and the Stasi understood that if You can just destroy someone's You, can assassinate someone's personality Yeah, of course, then that's so much easier than just actually killing them because then you might turn, of course, just break their spirit. Yeah, you might, you might turn them into a martyr, but you break their spirit. Maybe, you know, if you're lucky they commit suicide or at least they just stay outta public view for, you know, forever. You know, this. And this is what was done to dissidents and opposition in East Germany for years. And this is what they understood. This is why they didn't have to go full great purges of Stalin once the 1970s rolled around. Now you're starting to get mass media, you're starting to get television. All these tools start to be used. And so you destroy someone's reputation with that. But then social media comes around and social media, You don't have, the You don't have those tools anymore.


And suddenly You don't have control of the narrative. The narrative gets lost to you. So through social media, suddenly people can connect and say, Hey, have you noticed this thing? I noticed that thing. Did you notice that? I noticed that thing. But the, the media doesn't seem to be talking about this. And yet when You can say, well, wait a minute, I'm here, I can see it. This is actually happening in front of my eyes. Here's a video of it. Oh, by the way, and I can show you what's going on in real time through live streams, et cetera, et cetera. And so this becomes a massive, massive problem. And so all you're left with at that point, so you lose soft power. So the oligarchs lose soft power, the machine loses soft power. Right? And so they have to go ba, the what do we have left? We have hard power. Yeah. Persuasion doesn't work. Force and Persuasion is working. You go force. So forces is, you might, I don't know, raid somebody's home and you might say that there's some documents there that they shouldn't have, and then handcuffs, then convictions.


But if that doesn't work, the nuclear option of November, 1963 is always on the table. You know, hypothetically, Tucker, hypothetically. Well, I think, I think we just saw it. I do think that, I don't want to think that, but at all, it's the last thing I want to think. But, but let's just move back. But I will, but I'll also also say this. Yes. I'll also say this, that Leviathan would not be revealing itself right now if it didn't have to, if they had total control, total control of the election process, total control of the general election, if they could just say, flip a switch and put whoever they wanted in office, they would just do that. You would not see any of these extreme measures being reached to if they could just flip the switch.


So there's a problem, something's broken down, something is gone wrong. Because I think what they're really terrified of is a revolt of the people. Yeah. And I think they've got a lot of internal conflict too. Yes. I mean, I, it, it's not clear to me. I think Obama has more power than Hillary Clinton and the Democratic party, but I'm not certain of that. But at Least he's got the money on his side. So the Clintons have never had, the Clintons have always had name, but they've never had money. Right. And so that's why they're obsessed with money. That's why they do Clinton Foundation. That's why Victor Hawk and the Ukrainian oligarchs become the number one for the Clinton Foundation, et cetera, because they have to, Obama, he's got 50 million here, he is got 150 million there that he's taken care of, he's spoken for. Which by the way is also one of the reasons that, that you don't really see Michelle Obama making any moves to getting into the presidency.


No. Because all of a sudden you'd have to explain where the money's coming from. Well, that's exactly right. And, and that'd be a massive downgrade for her anyway. So what happens next? Biden, somebody resigns on his behalf in any case, or this, this post appears on X, but he does not endorse anybody. And that's followed shortly by his endorsement of Kamala, Harris Carmela or whatever we're calling her now. And, and, And is endorsement attributed to him. Right, Exactly. Well, exactly right. So d does she get it? Like what, where do we go from here? So, so there's a few, there's a few ways to look at it. Ultimately, here's where we go, because this is what we've seen play out in, in Russia.


We've seen it play out in the Soviet Union. So it's, it's like we have to do criminology, remember the old criminology of the very well Yeah. Cold War. That that's what we have to do for our own government. Is Andrew Poff dead or not? Yeah, Drop off Dead is Stalin dead, you know, is this, don't tell the people until we have a line of succession. Right. You know, first scene of death of Stalin. Yeah. And, and so, you know, quick grab his Twitter account, you know, something like that. Yeah. And, and so we, you would then do next is you would talk about line of succession and then you might say, create a series of articles talking about conversations that were had before the handover was, was taken. You might say leak some stories. You might have someone running around, but you would never actually have Jill Biden because she's too upset and she's too, too angry about what's going on.


That's why they can't talk to her. You'd never have Joe Biden, because of course he's not a hundred percent on board with this, at least yet. We will, we have ways of correcting you, you know, and he's still kind of going through that process. None of the family members would at that point, other than Frank, of course, who's coming out and going completely off script here. The drunk uncle. Yeah, Joe. And then you've got a smear. Okay, he's drunk uncle, he's alcoholic, you know, don't listen to him, don't listen to that. Only listen to us. You must only listen to us. So control. So narrative control already. And what you're going to see is whoever is the most ruthless, the most brutal, the most well connected, and whoever's most willing to knife each other in the back will rise to power.


So this is, we are in the Aura Boro snake eating his own tail moment that's going on right now. But keep in mind that another snake is always around and another snake is always nearby. That's what's Going on. So the operative assumption for people like me who are, you know, watching but not Democrats and maybe not as informed about what the Democratic Party really is as we should be, is that, you know, they have to go with Kamala because she's sort of black, sort of Indian and a woman for the, for DEI reasons, It's, it's tough for them to pass her over because of that. Well, you would think that, I mean, that's my read on it. I mean, she's a moron in a job she doesn't deserve. That's the whole point of DEI is to elevate people who don't deserve their jobs to positions of power, obviously. And that they have to kind of roll with that, because the constituencies within the party will flip out if they don't pick her.


I've just assumed that from day one, that's why she's such a problem. Well, but now I'm starting to think like In 2020, she was never the original pick to begin. Well, I'm aware. Yeah. This is everything you're describing is why she was picked then. Because in the George Floyd moment, during the racial reckoning as a, a sailor puts it that, you know, he wanted like Klobuchar or he was even talking about Gretchen Whitmer back then. Yeah. In 2020. But then George Floyd happens, they go full BLM and suddenly it's okay, we've got to pick someone that, you know, checks all these boxes For sure. And I thought that was, you know, a mistake and that it puts them in a box that it's hard to get out of. But now I'm thinking, because I think we've just watched like the most brutal exercise of raw undisguised power I've ever seen in this country, that they, they're not hemmed in by that.


Like they really don't care. They don't care what their own constituencies think. They can just install somebody. And because the Democratic party is not a, an ideological movement, it's just a bunch of people clustered together for power. Leftism is not ideological. That's exactly right. It's never been, it's a tactic, Right? And spiritual, I would say also, but, but whatever. Right? But it's certainly not ideological. It doesn't even matter what the ideas are. But this point they can kind of put anyone in and if they think Gavin Newsom has the best shot and he's a white man, but like, so what Don't, so this is the, the, the way the DI, but what do you Think? Like, I don't, The way the DEI would reflect itself in, in a pure power system, in pure power politics system is what constituencies can you bring to bear, right?


So the fact that she was able to get Cliburn onboard is huge because Clyburn gives you all of the vote processing centers and the inner city churches, and he's able to, from, from Detroit to Milwaukee, to Philadelphia, to Atlanta, these are the key centers that you're going to need this. of course, Clyburn, of course, is credited for putting Biden in office, and many people have, have cited his nomination or his endorsement of Biden as really being the deal that that won Biden the primary. It was, yeah, it clearly was. And so I've, I've always said, and this is something where Steve Bannon and I have actually disagreed on this, where I've said, I, I don't see how Gavin Newsom makes it out of Georgia. I just, in, in, in a real primary situation, this whatever faith is I, well, of course I agree with you completely.


However, maybe at this point, if you let in tens of millions of illegal aliens who are in fact your new voters and you register them to vote, which they're doing, maybe it just doesn't matter. I mean, in the primary, I'm sorry, of course In the primary, but for the Purposes of the November election, maybe they don't have to pick common law.


We've traveled to an awful lot of countries on this show to some free countries, the dwindling number and a lot of not very free countries, places famous for government censorship. And wherever we go, we use a virtual private network of VPN, and we use Express VPN, we do it to access the free and open internet. But the interesting thing is, when we come back here to the United States, we still use Express VPN. Why Big tech surveillance? It's everywhere. It's not just North Korea that monitors every move, its citizens make No, that same thing happens right here in the United States and in Canada and Great Britain and around the world, internet providers can see every website you visit, did you know that they may even be required to keep your browsing history on file for years and then turn it over to federal authorities if asked. In the United States, internet providers are legally allowed to and regularly do sell your browsing history. Everywhere you go online, there is no privacy. Did you know that? Well, we did, and that's why we use Express VPN. And because we do, our internet provider never knows where we're going on the internet. They never hear it in the first place. That's because a hundred percent of our online activity is routed through Express VPNs, secure encrypted servers. They hide our IP address. So data brokers cannot track us and sell our online activity on the black market. We have privacy Express. VPN lets you connect to servers in 105 different countries. So basically You can go online, like you're anywhere in the world, no one can see you. This was the promise of the internet in the first place. Privacy and freedom. Those didn't seem like they were achievable, but now they are Express VPN, we cannot recommend it enough. It's also really easy to use whether or not you fully understand the technology behind it. You can use it on your phone, laptop, tablet, even your smart TVs. You press one button, just tap it, and you're protected. You have privacy. So if you want online privacy and the freedom it bestows, get it. You can go to our special link right here to get three extra months free of Express vpn. That's express vpn.com/tucker express ex pss vpn.com/tucker for three extra months free.


Hey guys, Josh Hammer here, the host of America on trial with Josh Hammer, a podcast for the first podcast network. Look, there are a lot of shows out there that are explaining the political news cycle, what's happening on the hill to this, to that. There are no other shows that are cutting straight to the point when it comes to the unprecedented lawfare debilitating and affecting the 2024 presidential election. We do all of that every single day, right here on marathon trial with Josh Hammer, subscribe and download your episodes wherever you get your podcast. It's America Trial with Josh Hammer.


Well, the issue is now, so that's why you're seeing this race. So the race that we're seeing now, which is a fake race, and everyone needs to understand that. Like this is, this is why Obama doesn't endorse Kamala. Harris Obama doesn't come out and endorse Kamala Harris. He endorses the process, right? Why? Because the process has no legitimacy. And, and nakedly, we can see that it has no legitimacy. The delegations immediately flip at the, at the, at the flip of a switch without Even hearing from Biden. There's no hearing, there's no hearing from Biden. We ha think about that. Think about that. The delegates who are ple, legally pledged, legally pledged to Biden who were nominated through the legitimate, legitimate, right? You know, their, their process, their official process, all of a sudden switch their delegations without even hearing from the guy that they're supposed to be tied to.


No, this, this is obviously the raw and the raw sign of Leviathan. This is Leviathan's power. Leviathan comes in and says, you don't work for Joe Biden, you work for me. And, and what they're using Obama for is to give some veneer of legitimacy and credibility to the process. Interesting. So there's an open, so he's saying there's an open process. I'm not endorsing, I'll endorse after the primary, which is what he did in 2020. Well, So there's no intention, which I think what you're saying is Obama, when he endorses an open primary, which he's done, he, he knows there will not be an open, there's nothing open about this primary. It'll Be decided completely Before Chicago opens. And, and I, I, I think essentially that what, what you see here is that the money has all lined up behind Kamala.


The money has said, look, we know we've got about a hundred days left. We've got four weeks before the DNC also, you've got a huge accounting problem because you can't, the $300 million that's sitting in that, what was the Biden Harris account, which is now Harris for president? You know, what are you just gonna give that $300 million over to somebody? You've got, you've gotta transfer all of this stuff, right? It's gonna take a ton of time. And you can't do that without the acquiescence of, again, whoever's controlling Biden's signature right now. So it's just much easier on that level. How can Biden remain president of the country? Same way he's been president the whole time. It's not, Yeah, I, I mean, that's a point. No, I get what you're Saying.


What you're saying, and, and not to digress once again, but at, at this point, does anyone doubt 2020 was rigged? I mean, how can you, how can you look at this situation and say that our elections are real? Yeah, you can't, that, That, that election was real. But I will say something has changed from 2020 to 2024. Obviously Covid is not around anymore. There's been laws that have been placed on the books in, in those states, and he's just been in such a collapsed state that what I call the margin of fraud. Or I'm from Pennsylvania originally. So we used to call this sort of the Philadelphia margin that, you know, we would, we would go around and count the, the different buckets of voters and we'd say, okay, we're gonna, we need about this much. We need to run it up here in Lancaster and York and some of the more red counties.


And then Philadelphia's gonna come in here. And if we'd look at, you know, real estate property records, okay, these people are moving in, these people are dying, et cetera. And, but somehow Philadelphia would always magically have like three to 5% more. It would just, it would just be there on election day. Even, those, despite our best efforts, tracking every single data point you could think of, they would always magically have these more voters. Oh yeah. And so, okay, well we would just call it the margin of fraud. And so that's about three to 5%. Well, Biden was pulling under the margin of fraud, but if you put Kamala in, is it possible that she's able to pull a little bit higher so it puts her back into that margin? This is the real threat. So with Biden is President, to answer your question there, it doesn't make any sense if you're not mentally well enough, which again, he has not stated, no one has stated this because it's, it, it's all about polling.


It's all about the issue of polling. That's, that's why, 'cause his statement yesterday didn't explain why he's not running for president. It would be best for the party and best for the country. Remember he put party and he put party first. I noticed whoever put Party first. Yeah. So best for the party, best for the country for me to stand down. Stand down. You mean stand down If you're, you're fighting for your country. Fighting for, but not just take, I mean, if You can prevent 'em from running again, You can prevent 'em from serving. Now why wouldn't they just take him out or kill him? They're, they're certainly capable of that. I think it's fair to say It would honestly be. Okay, so let's say you're, you would say you're, they, you're them. You're the, The Democratic party in it, it's it's leaders. You're the money people, the Democratic Party you would want, honestly, and you know, not to give them advice, but you would, wouldn't you want Kamala Harris to have some power of the bully pulpit?


Yeah. Power of some kind of record to her name, because whatever record she has, the only things that she was associated with the administration, other than this, this wild series of interviews are the border and oh, that little, there was that country in, in Europe, and they were having some issues in 2020. Oh, Ukraine. Right? They gave her Ukraine and said that you're gonna Chico's the one who flies to the m the Munich conference in February of 2022, and says, there is no question on my mind that Ukraine will definitely be in nato. And Well, she caused the war in Ukraine, right? So Putin invades like the next day, of course, because, and they give that to her because there's been a shade war going on between Biden and Kamala from day one of this administration. of course, it's very clear we've been reporting outta human events.


I think everyone sees it now. Conspiracy theory, right? But it's so obvious they hate each other. So they were giving her, these obviously will fail assignments and say, great pin it on her. But the problem is, that's all backfired now. Because now if they want her to be the one who's got any credibility, who's got, who's gonna be signing off on things they know she's a complete nut job. And so you put something like that in office, And there, she's gonna be signing off on the proxy war with Russia. She's gonna be signing off on the proxy war with Iran, perhaps the direct war with China. Who knows what comes next. This is someone who's totally unstable. So what it tells me is that they don't quite have all their hooks in.


But one of the things that I'm hearing, Tucker, is that there are people in the Democrat donor base who are thinking like what I'm saying right now, that it doesn't make any sense for us to say she should be president when she could be president right now. That if she's this wonderful, Amazing President Whyt, you President, incumbent, I've thought that since July 1st when I talked to a very knowledgeable Democrat, of course, take Biden out, make her president. She's running from the Oval Office. Like, why wouldn't you want that? The only thing I could think of is this perhaps was part of the deal they made with the Bidens. We'll let you run out the clock. Yeah, But I mean, these are people who are, you know, willing to do anything, say anything.


I, I don't think that deal's gonna last. I wouldn't think so. I don't think it lasts At all. Just part, so Hunter Biden is facing felony tax charges I think in October. I think that's right. I could For about five more minutes. Exactly. So you just Pardon Hunter Biden's. Yes. Clean up the messes. Make sure that Jill Biden has enough money to lib in Rehoboth for the rest of her life. And it's not hard. And take him out. I mean, it, it does seem like the logic train leads you to President Carmela Harris very quickly. Very quickly. Yeah. And so, and it makes sense because that way it, you, it gives you the power of she's the first woman president who, how are you? of course, you know, and You can, You can dig into this, this chronic propaganda that we've been surrounded by that, that women are better than men.


That women should be first, that women should have all the power in society. Well, here is the first woman president, and how dare you run against the first woman president? I wonder If anyone buys that anymore. Some people do. It's, it's interesting. I mean, I, I was kind of agnostic on the question, but we haven't seen big successes from female leaders. And I say that as a, as a lover of women, but I mean, it's, at some point, if you make a claim, you do kind of have to substantiate it. And So, like for example, I don't know Female Secret Service agents. No, I'm Just saying like, where is the evidence for that? Right? I mean, I'm talking about specifically political leadership. Obviously you shouldn't have what we saw on last Saturday in Butler Township, obviously that's, that was insane.


But like everyone, you know, of female leader, political leaders will be more conciliatory. They'll be more peace. Last war you've seen exactly the opposite. Ukraine war was driven by a woman actually to Newland. I, Hillary Clinton's the most blood thirsty person I've ever seen on the public stage. Like Madeline Albright, Madeline Albright, a total ghoul. No, a million a million Iraqi children. So what? And nasty and stupid per I know, knew Madeline Albright nasty, stupid person also. But leaving that aside, there's doesn't seem to be any evidence for these claims at all. In fact, the opposite appears to be true. Unless I'm missing something. I mean, there's even, you're not supposed to say this Because like, there's even some, The idea is so important that you can't marshal evidence for against, you just have to accept it.


But I'm a free man and I just don't see any evidence that Female Leadership is more likely to get us to peace than male leadership. I see the opposite evidence. There's even some scholarship that, you know, we actually do have a track record of this. Because if you look at, for example, the, the Kingdom of England, and so the United, so the United Kingdom, they've had kings and queens for several centuries now. And at one point, obviously they, the throne had real power. Not, not now, I don't really sure the communists seemed to have real power in, in England right now. Yeah, Farage is doing a great job. But, but that, that remains to be seen. There's some scholarship that shows that when England had a queen, they were actually more likely to go to war.


Whereas when England had a king, they were more likely to seek peace through diplomatic means. I'm, I'm, that does not surprise me based on what I've seen in the United States over the past 20 years. So I don't think, you know, I look as long as we're throwing out all of our standards and norms and traditions, and we're starting at year zero, which is clearly what the goal here when Kamala says, you know, we're unburdened by the past, which he's really saying is right, that's pot. Welcome to Campeche. Exactly. Then we should just be completely honest about everything all the time. Why not? I mean, they already would kill you if they could. So why not just be totally honest, and I'm just kind of interested in this idea of female political leadership being this thing that it, it demonstrably isn't.


And so why do we feel, why does the right feel like we have to go along with these pieties, which are clearly lies. Like, why, let's just stop doing that. Well, and, and think, Tucker, we were to go back to it again and we'll, we'll, we'll dig into it some more. But we were, since we're on the topic, we were what, half an inch away from Kamala Harris versus Nikki Haley. That could have been our election. Right? So Let's get to the thing. There's a very real scenario. One of the, you know, I'm not that surprised that the Democratic Party, which did not want Joe Biden in the first place. They wanted Pete Buttigieg. That's right. And they put Biden in. They knew he was senile. I knew he was senile because one of his, 'cause his sister told a friend of mine. That's who, if I knew as a right-wing talk show host, then trust me, every big Don Jeffrey Katzenberg knew.


I mean, come on, let's stop lying. The, The Germans did, did this with Hindenberg in 1933. Exactly. That's exactly like This. The one guy who's kind of palatable, but we can control him, et cetera, et Cetera. So it was all, he was always late stage Woodrow Wilson. They knew that. Yes. All the surprise. They liked that bullshit. Tucker, of course, Tucker Joe Biden is not being pulled from the presidency because he has dementia. He's being pulled because the American people found out, well, Of course, right. They like the dementia and he can no longer win. Right. So I'm not that surprised by what they're doing. And they're discarding him like a used condom. And, and I almost feel sorry for him, but he's such a nasty evil person that it's hard to feel sorry, but whatever. I'm not shocked. Nick, Nikki Haley was nicer or Christie No.


Was nicer to her dog than, than they're being by right now. It's true. But those are the Rules. Like it yeah. Always ends in tears. It's not a sentimental business, but the attempted murder of the Republican nominee, you know, nine days ago, that's, we're sort of blowing past that now. So let's, let's go back to Butler Township, Pennsylvania. Well, and, And last Saturday they want us to blow past that. Oh, clearly. 'cause what's the one thing that could knock an assassination attempt out of the news cycle, out of the conversation? The collapse of an American Presence. I think. I think that's right. So let's just get the sun tape, if you don't mind.


You know, given what we know now, and I pray we'll know a lot more, but as of this morning, tell us what happened that day. So we've got, I've got here, Senator Johnson's office, Ron Johnson of Wisconsin has been kind enough to send us a preliminary copy of their reporting into the situation. Very fresh fog of war. Caveat, caveat, caveat, right on all this stuff. Yes. Because this is what's coming from them. We are told That. And can I say one thing? of course. I think whatever you think of, I like Ron Johnson, but even if I didn't, he's got, he clearly has a willingness to, to pull threads in a way. Most senators are not. And he is obviously got some decent investigators on his staff given what he did with Covid.


So I think he's someone who wants the truth of things. I it does feel that way to me. And that he, he burn, he with a burning desire. By the way, there, there are two senators of Pennsylvania, I don't see them. No, No, they're not, they're not doing any of this. But Johnson has people on his, I don't know who they are, but he came up with stuff during Covid that nobody else got. So, right. I think that we should consider what you're about to say in light of that. All right. And these, these are pre predominantly invest interviews that were conducted through the local police. And that, that draws right out. The star should tell you something because if Johnson's talking to local police, wait a minute, this, is this the United States Senator? Shouldn't he have direct, direct access to the Secret Service? Shouldn't he have direct access to the A TF to the FBI?


All of these things. And so as, as his office has been going through the investigation, they suddenly said, well, yeah, we talked to one guy from the A TF who was sort of there, but then he went dark on us and we talked to a few people at the Secret Service and they push us to the spokesman like, like you're some reporter. You know, we talked to a few people at at FBI, but you know nothing. And then so local police is saying, whoa, wait a minute. You know, we'll, we'll tell you whatever you wanna know. So why is it that local police are being more forthcoming than our actual government? Well, This is why they defunded the police in the first place. It's not 'cause they're against police. They seek a police state, they're against anybody with guns. They can't control. That's why they're trying to take your ar I mean that's, that's the way to understand It.


The goal of defund the police is a national police force initially. Of course, yeah. Guys with guns they can control. And Sharp thing has come out and said this, Obviously, it's so obviously true. Anyway, I keep interrupting you. So Number one, top line Secret Service did not attend a security briefing that morning. 9:00 AM the morning of the event. The morning of the event. So, and we can even, we can drop back and just explain the whole thing. Donald Trump is having a, a political rally in Butler, Pennsylvania. This is Western Pennsylvania, about 40 miles north or so of the city of Pittsburgh. On the same day, same evening, Jill Biden, the first lady of the United States is holding a dinner event in Pittsburgh. The context of all this is that the RNC is taking place two days in advance of it.


And so the RNC is taking place. Jill Biden's got the event. Donald Trump is at the event both in the same secret service field office area. Then there's also a lot of secret service down in Milwaukee where you and I were Yep. At the RNC. So Secret Service is totally stretched at this point. It's not like a normal situation. The security posture because of this, because of the lack of resources is much lower. The normal people who, who would be around President Trump aren't there. His a team as they're called, aren't necessarily there as much people are spread to all these different locations. This is the context. We also know that there was a strong theory that President Trump would bring his vice presidential pick to that rally.


And, and certainly this was in discussion held right on the border of where Ohio President Trump that morning. We now know had a meeting with Senator JD Vance, who went on to become the nominee, although that pick was not made until Monday. So JD Vance doesn't end up traveling that well, I happen To, to know that that was the plan or one of several plans that was under discussion. That's a fact. Yes. And I heard it from like a bunch of different people. I heard it from the campaign. So this was known. Right. I'm, I'm hearing the exact same thing. That, and, and part of partially the forcing function for that is because the vice presidential nominee must be named on the first day of the convention. Right. And so the idea is, well, why not just bring him to a rally and do the do it there and have it be, and I haven't quite got, have you heard why it was that, that they decided not to bring him?


Yeah, I have. And I think it was just a, just a political question. Where are we gonna get more bang for this announcement? Okay. But I do know, which is that as of, you know, a few days before that was actively being discussed. No, I it's a long way of saying what you just said, which is that people watching this at every reason to believe that Trump and his VP pick would be there. Right. So you see, and, and of course Rubio had just been at an event in Trump, Doral, I think a few days before. And he was someone who was also very heavily lobbied. We can talk about that later, but heavily lobbied for as vice president from a number of people around that same time period. But he had been at a rally in Doral and yet Trump did not bring him on stage. So a lot of people thought that that was sort of the death nail for that.


Yep. That potential candidacy. So Trump is holding this rally and about 10 minutes into the start of the rally. Wait, First though, the Secret Service didn't even show up at the morning briefing the day of the rally. Yeah, Right here. Secret Service did not attend a security briefing provided to local special weapons and tactics, SWAT and sniper teams the morning of July 13th. So when you're, when you're holding an event like this, going back to security posture, typically you're going to need to staff up. So you're going to need extra bodies, you're gonna need augments, you're gonna need more cs, counter Sniper teams. You're gonna need all of these things. 'cause a huge event out outdoor event since November, 1963 has always been and will always be the most potentially fatal event Yeah.


That a politician can hold. of course. And so they know that for one of these outdoor events, the first thing you have to worry about is all the tall buildings, all the tall implements. This is why they're held in fields, by the way, for the most part, rather than like inner cities, because cities would have more vantage points. You've got Windows, you've got all sorts of stuff. Yeah. Daley Plaza, you know, we can all do the, we can all do the math on this. And so they bring in augments from state police, they bring in augments from the local Butler County sheriff. They bring in augments from the Butler Township Police and to say, okay, you're gonna be working with us now. Every single presidential event is controlled by the Secret Service. And this woman, Kimberly gi, speaking of Female Leadership, it tells us that, well these, these areas were assigned to the local police and that's just not true.


They may have been in areas that were considered outside the perimeter, but the Secret Service has command of every single hierarchy for a presidential VI visit period. Full stop. So anyone who's brought into this is working through their operational plan. So the con op is done concept of operations would be done by the Secret Service and then disseminated to these teams. However, we're told that at the basic sync meeting that you would've been having that morning secret service wasn't even there. So the local police say, okay, morning of let's, it's, it's the, you know, like the coach meeting the team before they, the Secret Service responsible for protecting Trump. Yes. But they couldn't even go to the meeting that morning. The So I, let me ask you A question and this, and this is the meeting where that's bizarre.


Where you're going through what, what frequency are we on, guys? You know, Hey, I'm Jack, here's Tucker, we're gonna be out there. Okay, you got the building, we're gonna be in here. So, so you would be able to communicate, you'd go through a communications plan, you'd go through the basic workflow of the day. You'd go through your, your pattern of life. Yeah. You would, you would mention if you, I don't know, saw someone flying a drone around or something like that, that type of information could be disseminated. Or if there were any local, you know, local groups that they were, had an eye on, you might put out a six pack or something like that. Hey, be advised, you know, these are some of the things that we're tracking. These are some of the people that we're looking at. If you had something like that, this is the meeting where you would do that. Secret service doesn't go Crazy.


Okay, so then what happens? So local law enforcement was siloed, no direct radio contact because they didn't go to the meeting. They had no way of contacting directly to the Secret Service snipers who were inside. So you've got these police teams outside, even During the event that you had no way to contact them, They had to contact them through an intermediary. So you'd set up a tactical operations center, or a communication, I think it was called the Butler Communication Center in this case or the talk. So you'd go through the talk and then the talk has a liaison, and liaison goes to the Secret Service, and then the Secret Service has to go through their liaison, back to the talk. And then the talk goes back to the police as opposed to just being on the same frequency and saying, Hey, there's a guy crawling on the building.


So Who was this guy and how did he get there? What do we know about him? This individual? And I want to skip ahead a little bit in the report because there's, there's a lot in this report.


Even by the way, let's lemme say this real quick. Section five Secret Service was initially not going to send snipers to the rally. According to local law enforcement, Social media are great. What they're important or the main way we communicate with each other, they're where politics happen in this country. But one of the problems with social media is that the rules change. The people in charge don't want, you want you to say something, they don't tell you that. And the next thing you know, you're without a platform. Well now you have an option. Parler, it's back. The original free speech app taken off the internet by the sensors has come back in full force. Parler was the first big app to be pulled off because it was the first big app to make free speech a top priority. Now, other platforms may be relaxing their policies and they change a lot. But Parler will not change. Its distinct approach is here to stay by paving the way for other apps, protect users free speech. Parler has set the standard in the industry. It is now launched on a hyperscale private cloud called Parler Cloud. And that means your data are secure. Your words cannot be controlled by third party companies. It's un cancelable again. Parlor has been canceled. They don't plan to be canceled again. And they've taken extensive and very expensive steps to make sure it's not going to happen. Parler is not at the mercy of other companies that don't believe in free speech. And here's the best part, it's ad free. You are not the product on Parler. Parler ISS committed to providing a space where You can share and engage without interference of ads or invasive targeting. So it's more than just a platform. It is effectively a movement. And its goal is to keep the free flow of information open globally, where everybody can talk without fear of suppression. So it's upholding the values as country was founded on free expression, open dialogue, also innovation. By the way, we're on parlor at Tucker. Carlson and You can go there and find us and stay informed about what's happening in the world. So join a place that embraces your right to say what you actually think and that fosters connections between people without free speech. You can't connect with other people. We're all just lying to each other. But Parler offers you that a seamless social media experience tailored to your needs. You can get parler from the app store, Google Play, or visit parler.com. At Parler you are valued. You can say what you think and you're awarded for doing so.


How, How does that even happen? An outdoor rally with a guy who's a former president of the United States, who is imminently becoming the nominee for president of the United States. Right. Someone who we, we just know it's just inherent that Donald Trump has multiple credible threats to his life at all times for like the last decade or so. And they weren't even gonna provide counters, sniper teams at first to this rally, which as I just said is outdoors. Which is the most potentially fatal, the most dangerous position a politician can ever put themselves in. We're told the counters sniper team showed up like the day before to actually do some of the casing. Not, you know, a week prior. And I've, I've done presidential visits, I've done overseas stuff with presidents and Detailees and you're, you're out there a week before you're going through the motorcade route.


You're checking bridges, you're, you're doing all that stuff. None of that was done here, none of it. Eight days before the rally. Local police are informed five days before the rally, they meet with the Secret Service and they're informed that the rally will be held at the Butler Farm Grounds three days before the rally. Secret Service conducts a site visit just three days before they conducted the site visit. At that point, no, no. Counter Sniper teams on the day of the rally, 9:00 AM they hold the briefing 46 page slide deck only from the local Butler. ESU. Local SWAT and sniper units are there, but the staging locations are laid out. Secret Service doesn't attend according to attendees of the Briefing. No Secret Service or other federal law enforcement is present for this briefing.


Secret Service had not initially intended to provide sniper units, but changed course for currently unclear reasons. The briefing included an outline of the security perimeter for the event in areas of responsibility or AORs at 9:27 AM Concurrent Thomas Matthew Crooks, the alleged Shooter enters a Home Depot located in Bethel Park, Pennsylvania. CCTV footage shows the Shooter entering alone. A couple minutes later, he purchases a five foot aluminum dual platform ladder. That's the only time we see the ladder. By the way, Tucker, in this timeline, the ladder disappears after this 9 42. He leaves, they identify him. 10 30 snipers are in position. And this is interesting. Can I just ask, So that morning Crooks buys the ladder?


Yes. So that suggests he's already figured out exactly what he's gonna do. He's got an idea. Interesting. Okay. So the ladder's in place, 10:30 AM two local law enforcement snipers are in position on the second floor inside the A GR building, the American Glass Research Building. So they don't go to the roof of this building. They go inside the second floor, they sit there, they're looking out the windows, but they never actually go to the roof or apparently to the back of the building to see where this guy came up. 5:10 PM Crooks is first observed by one of the snipers, a GR sniper, one at the A GR building. And he takes the picture below of crooks not long after that.


And I'll show you these in a second. They can put up a R sniper one takes a picture below of a bicycle and what appears to be two bags located near the a r building. It's unclear what happened to the bicycle and bags after July 13th, 2024. And take a look at that. So they're saying that crooks rode a bicycle to the event. There's a van that's later found outside the event in sort of the parking area that's about a mile distance from this a GR building that's, that is crook's van. That van is cal, we're told contains explosives, homemade explosives and explosives that are connected to a remote controlled detonator, which is later found on crook's body.


So the idea being then if this bicycle is indeed his parks, the van gets into the bicycle, carries his rifle, slings it on You, can see the bags in the photo, rides the bicycle from where the van is, that mile distance to the back of this building. Okay. So then I'm getting to the next part. I'm sorry to take This from, and actually I'm just realizing that I don't believe in the senator's timeline that they have the drone. What? Drone Crooks is drone, unless I'm missing it. He Has a drone too. It's now been reported that he, at some point prior to five 10, so around around three in the afternoon or so, when things are still getting, getting prepared, he's there with a drone flying a flight pattern around the area of the butler farm grounds.


This, that's insane. You can't, I mean, I just know from living in DC you can't just operate drones around law enforcement. It freaks them out. No. Or, or Don Jr told me, and I think he said in one of his recent interviews that when his father was at his house for like a, like an event, like a family event and a party that he wanted to put up one of his drones and the software wouldn't allow the drone to even take off because a secret service detail e was in the vicinity. My cousin was getting married in southern Pennsylvania, which is pretty close to where Wilmington is. And she wanted to have a drone up at her wedding. And because Biden happened to be in Wilmington, that at that point, she, she was in that, within that 30 mile radius, you know, the photographers come to her and say, Hey, we can't, can't do any drones here.


This Is crazy. And it's also sophisticated. So the guy's got, it seems like he's got a van explosives, a bicycle, a rifle, A drone, a Ladder, a drone. A range finder. A range finder. I'm gonna ask you about that in a second. And the guy knew this was coming. This wasn't a spur of the moment thing. He's buying the ladder that morning and he's making a shot that everyone is sort of, I know everyone's like, oh, it's not 140 yards. Not that far. I think it was was 140 yards. It's a bootcamp shop. Yeah, bootcamp shop still. I don't know. I fired that rifle yesterday. You know, you kind of have to With no scope.


He had no scope, no Scope, iron rails. Are you Sure? Yes. He Used iron sights to hit someone. He used iron in the face at 140 yards. My take on that and just, just my assessment was that he knew that because he was lying prone, he knew that a scope or an EOTech or something would be, would present more of a picture of course to any of course counter snipers. of course. So if you wanted to stay lower, if you wanted to stay more out of sight, and he, and he's using, you know, he's using the angle of the building to conceal himself that you, you wouldn't want something that was, Okay, I'm calling bullshit on this whole thing. I'm trying not to use swear words. Excuse me. This is not plausible. This kid's a 20-year-old, much bullied, socially awkward, weird kid who washes outta the rifle team.


'cause he can't shoot. He's got no social media profile. He's, his search history suggests no research into any of this. And he, he already, he sounds way too sophisticated. And what the videos that they're not talking about are the fact that he appears in this, this like BlackRock ad and, and as well as a number of YouTube videos regarding computer programming that he was in the previous Year program. Okay. So I know that all the, your former military, I wasn't even the Boy Scouts, but I shoot a lot. I have all my life and I just, I just disagree with respect with all the former special forces and CI guys and guys like you. I think 140 yards with Iron sights hitting a man in the face. Pretty good shot. I'm just saying that I do.


No one else agrees to bootcamp shot. But this guy didn't go to bootcamp. And as someone who also didn't go to bootcamp, but shoots a lot, 2, 2, 3 a lot, including yesterday. I think it's a decent shot. I do it, it's, it's hitting steel the size of a tea saucer at 140 yards with iron sights. Like that's not, I mean, I think could probably do that. But again, I shoot a lot. Well, in Tucker there's another piece. But For a guy who's 20 years, so down, like how much range time do he have? So there's like, where did he learn that There is some reporting? So this was his father's gun. Yeah. And so he, Dr after flying the drone, he drives all the way back to Bethel Park, Pennsylvania, which is a distance of about an hour both ways.


So he drives an hour back, says, Hey dad, I'm gonna take the gun out. And the dad later tells media, at least as of right now, and caveat to all this stuff, because we're going off of what we have right now that the dad says, I thought he was going to the range. So this sounded like that was a regular thing that he did. Okay. Then that's, I mean, it's not a crazy wrong shot, but it's just, but you kind of have to commit a little bit to learning how to operate the rifle. If you're gonna hit hundred, listen, Listen's to this part. 'cause if you wanna talk about the shot. So a lot of people think that, you know, he was just sitting there prone, waiting for the opportune moment. Trump happens to turn the last movement. That's it. That's not what happened. What happened was a couple of these local police officers and, and you know, we've gone through the timeline where they take the picture of him, they're radioing the messages back and, and, and Trump has Trump's team, the actual team around Donald Trump doesn't get any of these messages because the easiest thing to do would, would be to say, Hey, let's check that guy out before we bring the president out on stage.


They never relay the message to Trump. They never give that to his team, his direct po his direct body detail. They never hear about this guy. So there's a threat. There's a threat that's identified an our prior, they, they're taking photos of him, they're checking on him, they lose sight of him. That's when he goes up on the building, we're told and they, they're calling in saying, Hey, there's a guy, he's got a range finder. Okay. So that's what I wanna ask you. So will you explain for people who aren't familiar with the device, what's a rangefinder? So A rangefinder is something that somebody might use in insight VEing, some someone might use Yep. In, in laying out a, a plot of land or you know, nice barn like this one or something like that. And in Deer or In hunting.


Yeah. And of course in a, in a sniper team, a rangefinder is used by the spotter who, so sniper teams are always called that because you've got a spotter and a Shooter. Right? So the spotter is the person who's doing the range finding. They might be calculating wind, they might be, they're using Inocular. It shows you the distance. It gives you the distance away from something you're looking from Whatever it is, right? So you're painting it with a laser and you're saying, so if you, this is how far Away, if you're trying to protect, you know, the most controversial political figure in the world at an outdoor rally and someone shows up with a range finder, like you can't even bring at the RNC you couldn't even bring your Juul and you couldn't Even Yeah, You can have a vape in there. Yeah. Right. 'cause it might increase your testosterone. And that's a threat. How do you get a range finder into a protected event?


That's like the craziest thing I've ever heard. So, so he never goes in through the magnetometers as far as, you know, there was reporting early on that the rangefinder was found in the magnetometers. But the current reporting, caveat, caveat, caveat is that he always stayed outside. What the effective secret service perimeter, that there's this whole range of fencing. By the way, for the record, I'm not saying anything about what I think right now. I'm just, this is the official Story, right? That, So there's this whole setup off to the side of where Trump is standing, where there's a fence, And, there's nothing, there's no secret service. There's a couple of patrols, there's these guys in the, in the building.


Anybody could have walked up with Anything. And how does the kid know where that unprotected area is? So he's casing the area. He's going there prior. He's flying the drone, he's checking it all out. He's, but for whatever reason, he just knows to ride the bike directly there and that he's gonna have a direct shot from the top of the road. This kid Doesn't have a job. I mean, he's 20 years old. He Works in a nursing home. I'm sorry. That's right. I read that Very, very tactically. No, but, and that's right. You know, job, he's changing bed pans by day. But he somehow is able to assess exactly the place that's got the height advantage this building. And that is unprotected. Like how would he know? I mean, the luck Tucker involved is extraordinary Tucker.


It's, it's more than just that, this luck. Because we're also told, and again, this timeline doesn't quite have it. That at one point the police do, the local police, the Butler police do go out and they send a couple of units to go, a couple of guys over to go and say, Hey, there's, we think there's someone on that roof. We're not sure why the sniper team inside the building doesn't just go and check the roof of their own building. But some guys who are on the ground, one officer hoist the other officer on his shoulders, so we can, it's not that high of a building to say, Hey, take a look up there. And they did. They couldn't find any ladder from their vantage point. They go up there, officer sees crooks, crooks turns, trains the rifle directly at the officer, officer ducks down.


And we're told that again, based off of this officer's reporting, that at that moment crooks swings the rifle back around and begins firing a Trump. So this wasn't a situation where he was sitting there lying in, wait, totally un intercepted and fires the shots. We're told that those shots ring out within seconds of him switching his sight picture back and forth from the officer back to Trump. So I think, again, as a non-expert, but a lifelong Shooter, I think that's a pretty adult shot. Like that's, do you, I mean you, you're in the military Being able to, to switch the site picture that far at that range, maintain your cool and still get off a shot, which has a little bit of connection to, to the ear is that's a fantastic shot.


Oh It is, right. Okay, good. I'm glad. Someone I keep hearing, you know, they're all, everyone on television's like been in, you know, Delta force or something, although, and they're all crazy accomplished shooters. But for a non-veteran with no law enforcement background to make a shot like that strikes me as, Although I would pretty amazing. One, one thing that I would just add though is that in, in, in the military and I, I wasn't like some sniper or anything, but very basic level of training and you know, some, some mountain training and stuff like that, that you're not trained to go for head shots. You're trained to, to aim center mass. That's Right. of Course. And that's any basic firearms course is gonna train you. Center mass. Center mass. Why? Because the head turn. Yeah.


So you know, the head turns, you know, the head moves around. That being said, it's A smaller target, It's smaller target center mass, you've got your central nervous system. So you've got, you've got the brainstem, you've got your spinal column, you've got lungs, you've got heart, you've got all sorts of important real estate right here. So as long as you're somewhere along that parallel access, you're going to more than likely hit something. And you've got, you've got more of a site picture. So you've got target rich environment if you're going for center mass. And, and to this point, we don't, I have not seen reporting on whether or not Trump was actually wearing a bulletproof vest that day. I don't think he was, He was not shot in the chest by the way. There was early speculation that he was, I asked him directly, he said he wasn't.


Well, And that was something with Reagan too, because Reagan does get hit. And at first they thought it wasn't that bad, but later it turned out there was internal bleeding. Yes. And there was just other stuff that was going on. So how, from the video, we, we have all seen the counters, sniper secret service counters. Sniper is lying prone and he clearly has the Shooter in his, in his glasses. He's looking at him. He does not shoot the sniper until after the sniper has shot Trump. How, how could a a, a secret Service counter sniper look at a man with a rifle 140 yards away and not shoot him? I don't understand that. So two schools of thought, one option is he thought it was a police officer.


'cause remember the local police are supposed to have control of this building and they don't have any communications with local police. And, there have been so many times Tucker at events where someone from one agency, because they're dealing with these augments, they're dealing with people from a and there's a ton of HSI from Homeland Security that are there. There's a ton of these other local agencies. You've got multiple agencies going around, which even worse at the RNC, but I think there was like 130 different agencies that were at the RNC represented. So if you don't have good communications because you didn't go to the meeting, then you have no way of knowing, Hey guys, do you have someone on that building or not? 'cause I see someone with a rifle doesn't look like a police officer and he's aiming his rifle at the president.


Yes. So the question Tucker though is if you know that, if you know that at that point, why isn't your first call to your detail sitting right with the president and say, hold him. Don't let him go On that stage, there's A guy with a rifle pointed at the stage. Yeah, I think, which Which by the way, I, I mean we've all been at, at Trump events or whatever politician events where they show up a couple of minutes late. Like it's, it's never been a person taking pictures, they're talking to somebody, whatever. So who are these? I mean, have we heard from the counter sniper team From the Secret Service? Yeah, No. In a world increasingly defined by deception and the total rejection of human dignity, we decided to found the Tucker Carlson Network.


And we did it with one principle in mind. Tell the truth, you have a God-given right to think for yourself. Our work is made possible by our members. So if you wanna enjoy an ad-free experience and keep this going, join TCN at Tucker Carlson dot com slash podcast, Tucker Carlson dot com slash podcast. So was, was Senator Johnson able to interview them? No, it's all been Kimberly Cheadle, GoTo GoTo, the spokesman.


I'm, I'm looking through the report again here to see if anything, there's lots of questions, lots of outstanding questions that the senator's written here. Oh, so this, this is, if I to say, this is the point where the Secret Service is incumbent on them to prove that they didn't allow this kid to shoot Trump, because it certainly looks like they did allow it. And so I don't understand where, you know, why there isn't a delegation of senators and members of Congress and citizens standing outside blocking the entrance to the Secret Service headquarters to find, you know, answer the question. You are, I think on, based on everything you've said, they are presumed guilty. Now, they may not be guilty, but they have an obligation to explain how they're not guilty.


And no one is forcing that explanation like what is going on. So, Tucker here's an interesting thing. When you look at government, so in, in criminal justice, you have the presumption of innocence. So the, the, the government has the presumption, the evidence must be on their side. So they, they have to bring the evidence, the burden of proof is on the government because the government is bringing the accusations. I say when it's the government, it's the opposite. I would say the burden of innocence is on the citizens and the burden of guilt is On the government. Well, it's certainly have to prove to us common sense suggests like this is screw up after screw up after screw up, which put together, suggest an intentional series of screw up, which would've allowed Trump to be murdered.


And, you know, whatever else would happen after that. So like the fact that they haven't explained themselves and haven't been forced to explain them, and I mean, forced to explain themselves, tells you that things are totally out of control. So as we record that, they can do anything and nobody can do anything about it. So as we're recording this, Kimberly Cheadle is supposedly testifying in, in front of comers right now. And that being said, well caveat, caveat, there might be something that comes out of that. The house has started to look into this, but I think without question, and something that Speaker Johnson has spoken of, which I certainly agree with, is that this needs to be investigated. You can't murder people. The house needs to set up a commission that's 10 times bigger than whatever the J six commission was.


You think, And we need to get absolutely to the bottom of any of this. Because when you talk about crooks, You can talk about crooks for a little bit. Yeah. They say, and I I keep this guy wrecking the flow of your, of your story here. They say That this guy was a total ghost on social media. It's not a ghost on social media when he's 20 years old, that means he's making himself a ghost. That means he's got, he's got programming knowledge. He knows how to use encrypted accounts. No, he knows how to hide what he's doing online. He knows how to use VPNs. He knows how to use tour. He knows all of that stuff. Tour browser. And so he's able to mask what he's doing online now and again, hypothetical, all hypothetical.


But the question is, how did he know all of this information? How did he know this? Did, did he know that there would be a, a low security posture at this event? Did he know that, that this, the secret service would be split between multiple events? I don't think every anyone was really tracking that from the outside. That, Hey, Jill Biden's got an event here and Donald Trump's got an event here, and the RNC is right here. So Secret Service doesn't have What's his mo But I missed the most obvious question, which is what's the kid's motive? Well, you know, Tucker, it's, it's one of those, one of those great times where the government is telling us authorities are baffled as to what the motive might be. Well, I thought they were telling us that Iran did it or Assad did it within A Few days, he was gonna gas Trump with his poison gas reserves Within, within a few days after Claiming he's got, We get this story about right, you know, guess his own people.


It was Iran when he iss winning the war. Ron did It. Okay? And so we're told it was wrong. But that being said, the Iranian, that stuff goes back to Soleimani, right? That stuff is like some old, you know, we're gonna get you back. It's all, it's also clearly manipulative From this. And it's interesting that the first country that we get told may have had a, a role in this is exactly the same country that the Leviathan and the oligarchs and the neocons wanna go to war with. Obviously, no, it's, it's also transparently fake. But like what's, has anyone, like, why would a kid die to kill Trump? Like what is his, what do we know about? Do we know anything about the guy? What do his parents say? I mean, what is this? So father, there's a news vacuum around the most dramatic thing that's happened in the past 20 years in the United States.


Tucker, think about how, how this, how CNN or Regime Media would go after a J six family, right? They would go after they've got, they've got the cousins, they've got the sister, they've got the brother, they're knocking on doors, they're talking to everyone who's ever met that person. They know your, your grocer. They know the guy who works at your, on this case sheets. You know, they're talking to every single person who may have come and contact you with this got got a couple interviews. So we don't Know what his motive was of kids. They're not putting out any motive. The most they're saying is that they found on his phone photographs of Trump photographs of Biden searches for the RNC searches for the DNC searches for pornography. By the way, one of his final searches on the day of that wasn't in the timeline, but we're told that on the day of he was searching pornography.


And I think that's about it. And that's all we're getting on this. Is there evidence that there was more than one Shooter? There's a lot of questions. The, there are some photos floating around very heavily pixelated of something on top of a water tower that we have no idea what that is. It it appears to be in some of the photos and some not, couldn't tell you what that is. There's also some pretty compelling evidence that shows the, the sight lines from where he was on top of this a GR building. And then keep in mind, by the way, we haven't mentioned it, but the people actually died at this. So Cory Compre, this firefighter actually was killed.


So I know there's this like left wing theory that, you know, it was all staged and it was all fake, but someone did actually die. This wasn't a situation where, you know, Trump is calling him up saying, you know, Tommy, you know, I know you're the best sniper in the world. So just, just the ear Tommy, just the, no, it's, it's, it's ridiculous when you actually, it's my favorite conspiracy theory about all of it. Conspiracy. But in terms of, in terms of it, it, we don't have any evidence of any other sny, any shooters at this point. But we also have a striking lack of evidence about this Shooter at the same time. So Ron Johnson in, in interview yesterday said that there was some, as yet unidentified man in a gray suit. Yes. Who showed up on the scene, yes.


Told witnesses to send photographic evidence, pictures and video to him of the Body, Of the body of the Shooter. So tell us what we know about this guy. So, and this, this is spoken to and reports all over the place now, but this is spoken to in the report where they're told there's this man in the gray suit and that the man in the gray suit was later identified as somebody, what it looks like because he had a 2 1 5 number. That's the Philadelphia area code familiar because I, everyone I grew up with had a 2 1 5 or six one oh area code that stated to be from the ATFs Philadelphia office. They requested the photos of crooks for facial recognition purposes. It's more of an FBI thing, but okay. The staff called the phone number confirmed that it was associated with the, at f.


However, in subsequent attempts to establish further talks with the individual, that number Senator Johnson staff received the following email. And it's, you know, it's just total boilerplate, you know, direct all of your questions to our main office, our main spokesman. This is an ongoing investigation, we'd like to coordinate our request, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. So this guy's gone totally dark. Whoever this man in the gray suit was, who happened to be probably one of these augments from the A TF office he's sent out there at the same time that apparently we can't get any extra secret service. We can't get anyone from all the other offices. You're relying on local police to secure, obviously the most opportune building to connect an assassination shot from President Trump that's completely unguarded from the roof, has nobody on it, nobody thinks to put anybody on it.


Like, I mean, I don't know you about you, Tucker, but when I go to these events, every time that I've gone to a presidential event, I'm thinking, especially if it's outdoors, I'm thinking that building, that building that building, that building this thing over here, this is by the way, when you see the, you know, when they hang the flags from from cranes and stuff like that, or, or they might have some farm equipment up or the, you know, the fracking wells that were used in the butler. The Butler rally from 2020. By the way, those are meant to be security implements in addition to decorative, they all, they're also used for concealment of potential snipers. So, okay, you've got a guy who could be on this building, great. Put a flag in front of it. So now you can't see. So now that building is, it's not completely protected, but it's at least less of a threat than it could be this building from there to the stage.


Nothing. I, What makes me feel that things are completely out of control in this country is eight days later, nine days later, we still can't answer the most basic questions about any of this. And the people who are in charge of protecting Donald Trump's life have not answered the questions they haven't been held to account. Pretty obviously, never will be. It, it, it does feel like there's no recourse. Like they can just murder a guy or allow his murder and the rest of us just have to sit there and be like, yeah, that's kind of how it goes. Like, that's not the country you wanna live in at all. That's not the country. It was five years ago. What is this? We've held one FBI briefing, we had one FBI briefing like the day of explaining what happened.


Where are the daily briefings, right? When there's, when there's a fire in, in downtown, whatever city, inner city, you're getting at least two, three briefings maybe What happened? A fire or a mass shooting? This? Okay, where's the day two briefing? Where's the day three briefing? Where's the, okay, we brought the parents in for questioning all by the way, one of the, oh, I left this out. One of the things that he was searching, Ethan Crumbley. Do you remember Ethan Crumbley? No. Ethan Crumbley was the school Shooter where his parents later got charged for giving him access to the gun. So in this situation, his parents also gave him access to the gun. He may have been looking up whether or not his parents would get charged for what he was about to do.


And on his steam account, the video game online platform, he posted July 13th will be my premier. Do we have Any indication of what drugs he may have been on? So at this point, no total radio silence. However, both of his parents were behavioral counselors licensed. So certainly people who would've access to all the finest SSRIs antidepressants. So there does seem to be a connection that between and And, there were some searches found on him from, for major depressive disorder, which is an actual set phrase that's not just, I'm looking up about like an the average person might say, Hey, I think I'm depressed.


What are the signs of depression? What are the symptoms of depression? But someone who knows that set phra phrase, major depressive disorder, like, oh, I don't know. If your parents were both behavioral counselors who had access to, to doctors access to these type of medications. You might know to use that phrase. Okay, what do you think happened? You know, Tucker, there's there's one thing to go off the evidence, right? And there's one thing to go and sit there and say, okay, this is all the evidence we have none, none of this adds up. I've never seen anything like it, I've never heard of anything like this about someone. It, it sounds ludicrous to me. It's that the guy rides up with a bicycle and the bicycle and look at the picture. It's, it's just a regular rifle bag sitting there on the bicycle.


Anyone who's shot a gun ever could look at that and say, well, yeah, yeah. You know, that's what that is. There's a black gun in there, you know, and, and oh by the way, you know, nobody else is riding bicycles around here with backpacks flying a drone with a range finder. It's like, what else did this guy need it? Know a big sign that says I am the sniper. And pointing it down at him. Like, and, and they see him an hour before, an hour before and an hour before, half hour before, 15 minutes before, 10 minutes prior, before Trump comes out. Six 11 by the way, is when the, when the bullets are fired. And so then we're told this is key. And actually I'm setting all that stuff aside 'cause I'm, that's not actually where I'm focused on, on what I wanna know more about. I wanna know more about these explosives.


Why haven't we seen any pictures of the explosives? Why haven't we seen or even heard any information about how sophisticated were these things we're told they were remote controlled detonated? 'cause they said they have a detonator. We've seen pictures of the detonator also provided by local police, by the way, not the federal enforcements. So if this kid knew enough to build remote control bombs, you really think that he's just doing that one time? You think that's just the first day that he was, I'm gonna build some bombs this morning and drive down to the Trump rally. No, no. This is something that he had been planning, this is something that he had been in preparation for. This is something by the way, when typically we see, especially when we know if he's using encrypted accounts, if he's using, if he's using the internet in the way that he's able to, at that level, that perhaps he's in communication with somebody through those accounts, perhaps people who know how to build bombs.


We don't know. Okay, we don't know. My question is, I wanna see the level of sophistication on these bombs and I wanna see if this is something that he was able to actually pull off on his own because we don't have answers about the pipe. The pipe bomber from Jan six, by the way, the pipe bomber, who oh by the way, was directly connected to someone who never acknowledges it. What was her name again? Oh, right. Kamala Harris. So the pipe bomb was found directly outside the DNC Kamala. Harris is inside her Secret service detail. Again, secret Service is right outside, is informed of the pipe bomber the same way this Secret Service was informed of the sniper and yet doesn't respond. And we have them invade. Darren Video. Darren Beatty and Revolver have the great video of this where the Secret Service is just letting people walk around in front of this pipe bomb.


And Kamala Harris is inside. Yet she has never publicly acknowledged the surreal threat to her life. Right? Why is, why, why aren't we hearing that? Why aren't we hearing Kamala Harris nominated to be president after surviving an assassination attempt on her life on January 6th? Why have you never heard that phrase from the media? Not one time, Not one. Why wouldn't you? 'cause it's fake. 'cause it's Totally fake. Yeah. And so again, we have another situation where explosives are involved. There's the shady a TF maybe agent in a gray, in a gray suit. The secret service involved Kamala Harris is like tangentially involved because she's the one who somehow seems to be the beneficiary of all of this. All of these things, at least in, in the current moment. And we're also told by the way, explosives at the house.


So like, like what kid is like, I've got kids. They're not that, they're not 20, but if my kids are making bombs, I I'm gonna know about that. Like, I'm gonna say, Hey, what are you working on, son? Right? You, you making some bombs, you know, am I gonna, am I gonna show 'em a better way to run that circuit? No. You know, I'm gonna say, Hey, don't do this. Like, this is what's gonna put you on a list. So did, are you suggesting you think the Biden administration, which was responsible for Trump's security, allowed this to happen? It's not outside the realm of possibility. It's just not. And I think as, and I think as as, I wouldn't necessarily say it was Biden's call, though.


That's the part that I right. That The Biden Administration might have hesitation on. I Mean, one of the weird quirks of our system is, especially now, yeah, The Biden administration is the name, but that's not actually the first of course running It. But Donald Trump is running to displace, you know, the Democratic party from its position of power. But the party controls his security. Let's say you knew, let's Say that's very weird. Let's say you knew that security posture wouldn't be doing well back then. Let's say you knew that that secret service was stretched then let's say you knew, for example, that Trump's normal team wasn't around him. The people that are used to the type of threats that come around when Donald Trump is in, is in town and holding a rally. And let's say you also, and keep in mind that when you're talking about FBI, when you're talking, talking about loaners like this, you know, my mind, I'll just say this, my mind keeps going back to the Garland Texas shooting.


So you might remember this. They, they, it was like Pamela Geller and they did the very yeah, draw the draw Muhammad. Actually I know some people who were there that very well, people who were there that was then later attacked by a couple of these, like a couple of these local, locally trained locally home homegrown domestic terrorists who were supposedly in support of ISIS at the time. Well, we know that there were two guys who opened fire and that the two guys were both shot and killed. And we know that, and they were killed before anyone was able, everyone else was able to be killed inside the Garland, Texas 2015. But did you know about the FBI guy and the car behind them directing the whole thing that had texted Tear Up Texas, that this entire thing, Elton Simpson, and this came out by the way, because they had a third friend who was later charged with like financing all of this.


That his lawyer uncovers text messages and communications and discovery about an FBI employee as well as multiple informants that are all involved with this mosque that they're attending in the Phoenix area. And one of the agents, or one of the, one of the employees has paid like $132,000 over the course of years to befriend these guys and to push them in this direction of radicalization. And then we're told that, and and all of this comes out in, in the lawsuit, by the way, completely thrown out based on standing grounds, sovereign immunity that not only think about it for years we were told that these were just a couple of nut jobs trying to shoot up a, you know, a conservative Muslim Muhammad event, whatever, that not only is there an FBI guy talking to them, and the intercept, by the way, used to report on things like this.


And he's saying, tear up Texas, he's inciting them to violence, knows that they're going to the event and is sitting in the car behind him. Behind the two of them, when they opened my, the initial photo that was reported by local law enforcement of the event was taken by the FBI asset who was sitting in the car. That's how we, that's how we was able to get the photo. 'cause he was right there, you know? Wow. What a great shot. You know, a photographer at the Trump rally, of course. Well, the New York Times was there and you know, obviously that's at the, at the beginning of the rally, that's when the photographers always come in and then they're, usually the photographers leave after a couple of minutes. There's like the set period when they come in and then they lead from that directly under the ground shot.


Kind of interesting that that's when the shots were fired. But, you know, let's, you know, let's leave that aside, that he was sitting in the car behind the Garland, Texas shooters when it took place. When that happened. Tucker, he fled, he was actually stopped by local police and arrested. He said, why are you fleeing the scene? And he said, well, I saw a shooting. I didn't know he was, he was put in handcuffs at one point later came out years later, this guy was an FBI asset. He'd been talking to 'em the entire time. Comey wiped the entire thing under the rug. So There's, there's precedent for this and I think January 6th is the perfect example. We've never got an accounting of how many federal agents were in the crowd, but an enormous number, way disproportionate to any other event I've ever heard of in Washington.


And it was to some extent organic to some extent it was a setup. That's my one of the sincere and pretty well-informed opinion of that. So like it's not, this is kind of thing has happened before. One Of the question, the sticks are high, one of the questions that I would add to the senator's list here, and it's, and it's a good list and they've done great work, but one of the questions that I would add that I don't see, so we keep getting told there were sniper teams, there were counter sniper teams, local law enforcement, sheriffs, blah, blah, blah, the whole list. But then we're told that there was an a TF agent who shows up in a gray suit with no credentials. No credentials. Oh, so you mean like he wasn't in uniform, you mean like he wasn't wearing a, you know, the blue jacket with the yellow lettering that we've all seen that says A TF.


So does that mean he was playing clothes? So does that mean he was in fact undercover? So if this guy was there playing clothes as federal law enforcement, how many potential other law enforcement types did they have in the crowd that day at Butler? No one's even talking about that yet. So that's the main thing that we need to be asking to Chris Ray to others was this guy who was conducting all of these searches, who was doing site surveys, who was buying ladders? Who was flying a drone overhead. Was he on your radar? Was he someone that training for an AR 15 training for potentially taking out a president? Was he on your radar? I mean, this is why we have the FBI, right?


This is why we have, we pay for all these things and we're told that, oh well we need the surveillance state, we need the Patriot Act, we need all of this because it's keeping us safe and it's keeping Trump safe. So you just came from the Republican convention in Milwaukee? Yeah, I didn't hear anybody talking about this, including including the former president and I, and I do think, well, I don't know, but my sense is he, you know, he doesn't want to stoke more division than we already have. On the other hand, someone just tried to murder him, came incredibly close and at very best the Biden administration allowed that to happen, whether intentionally or not. But they allowed that to happen. They didn't have a briefing that morning.


They didn't, I mean, it was negligent to the point of criminal behavior. For me, it obviously, it, it comes back to the fact that the, the two pieces in addition to the no briefing, no briefing, the fact that no one was on the roof at any point other than apparently this Thomas Matthew Crooks, right? And then finally, once all law enforcement around the event knew that there was a problem, knew that, that something had gone wrong and Trump is still backstage. I know The first call you make is to his detail and say, hold him, Him. Well, right? That's the point. They allowed this to happen again, maybe unintentionally, maybe very much intentionally, but He's allowed to go on stage, but they Allowed it to happen, right?


So that's just a fact not contested. And yet even Republicans are like, maybe it's too much for the American mind to digest. You just don't think of your country as a place where that could happen. But why aren't, the more I think about it, the matter I get and the more afraid I get. I didn't see anybody with that view in Milwaukee. And I don't hear anyone with that view in the media. Like, why, why are we ignoring this? And you could hear this as well from a lot of people just saying, Hey, we support the Secret service. We support the Secret Service. Secret Service is great. That being said, I will say, and and you may not have seen this, there was a moment where Kim Cheadle come, the head of the Secret Service arrives right in Milwaukee, goes into the Fiserv forum and is surrounded by senators and attendees and delegates, and they just start screaming at her.


They just start absolutely laying into her. Yeah, But that's the point where someone makes a citizen's arrest and says, you know, I'm sorry, this is the guy got shot in the face because of your at very best negligence. Yes. It Doesn't seem like maybe Americans or maybe conservative Americans or non-liberal Americans or whatever, people I know are just not good at drawing the line. Like, this has to be the line. You cannot allow this or they're gonna shoot you. I mean, that's just super obvious to me. You cannot allow this. Whereas that, that famous soul citizen quote, you know, they, they arrested a third of the population of Lenin grad or something and looking back from the gulag, we all wish that we just said no.


do you know what I mean? And like, put up a bit of a fight because We don't. Well, and how and how would those officers have felt if they were the ones who were terrified of what hap what would happen when they went home? Well, Exactly. So I don't know. I don't think that we're thinking about this enough. Like this was a, this was one of the biggest things that's ever happened in this country. The, The, I don't wanna say Republicans, but the, the, the side of the people, the side of freedom. You must team humanity, whatever you wanna call it. You can't let this go. You can never let this assassination attempt go until we have the bottom of it. Look what they did to Kyle Rittenhouse.


Okay. Tucker, look what they did to Kyle Rittenhouse. And you were there. I was there In terms of the investigation. We have every piece of video footage from that day Oh yeah. Was brought up. We have every piece of data. The FBI held a, a plane that was flying overhead that was called, I'm certain, by the way, was also collecting cell phone information. That's one of the reasons that they kept this thing secret for so long. Oh. And oh, by the way, the FBI agent's testimony was, was done in the blind and then later stricken from the record. And then, oh, we can't find the tapes of his actual, you know, his actual deposition. So the FBI had footage overhead of what was going on. They did all this to Kyle Rittenhouse, who just defended himself, who just a regular kid who defended himself and defended his town because he saw marauders coming in and trying to destroy everything.


And so we get all the footage, we get all the investigation, we get the prosecution, we get everything that comes out of it. And yet Donald Trump seems to be very likely to be the next president of the United States. And we're told to just let it go. It makes no sense. Now, if you care about your country and if you care about power, then what you would, what you would do, by the way, is, and this gets a little dark, but what you might do is to say, all right, we've shown him how close we can get now we're going to start putting people around him that we want him to listen to. Yeah. Well that, that process has already begun.


Okay, so you just said that if you were trying to take control of the United States government and you thought that Trump was gonna win or it was too much trouble to, to shoot him again, that you would try to subvert the movement from within. Yes. Let's just back up one step. If Trump had been successfully murdered, that would've pleased a lot of people. I hate to say that, but it's true. What do you think would've happened then? Civil War. Yeah, I think that's Unfortunate. I mean, I, I I think that, you know, I think that at the convention it was something that I didn't want. I wasn't ready to say it yet publicly. It's So Awful. And so I was, you know, doing the shows and I was talking about it and you know, it's kind of a rah rah event and you were there.


It was, it was fun. It was very upbeat. Yeah, it was fun. But At the same time, in the back of my head, I'm thinking this would never have happened. That something would've broken out. And if, if that bullet had been two inches to the right, I mean, you'd, you'd be looking at massive uprisings all over the country. You know, I, that was my first reaction too. But then I thought, you know, in order to rise up against something, you have to be organized. Well, and I'm not saying It'd be successful. And, and well that's exactly right. And if you really think about it, yes, you know, Trump voters have lots of guns, but they have no way to communicate with each other. Well, Tucker, here's what happen. And that's by design.


Here's, here's what would happen is you would see, you would see pockets of uprisings probably around Mar-a-Lago, different things like that, and certainly different swaths of the country. We can all do the math and where that would be and they would be put down. And those people would, and it would, so you take January 6th and then that operation that was run on, people who attended January 6th would be run nationwide. of course, when every Trump supporter becomes a member of the militia, you're a member of the insurrection. Not because you went to January 6th, but because you're a Trump supporter, you're a potential extremist. Every white man in America is a suspect. So The election's done at that point. Yeah, the election's done.


So you're not voting, it's not a real election. Sure. You go through the motions the same way they're going through the motions of this fake, you know, open, primary open process that Obama's talking about, but it's not real. So you would, you would have it set up, or it's a fake, a comp plea where you've now criminalized your entire opposition nationwide. And you're sure there'd be, there'd be fighting, there's no question there'd be fighting, there'd be bloodshed. But I do think because of the lack of organization and because look, you know, despite what the media might tell you that republicans generally aren't insurrectionists, like people aren't actually this just the opposite. To do this, to believe in the system, they like the system that we had for 250 years. It worked imperfectly, but still better than anyone else's system.


And these dark forces have destroyed the system. And it wasn't the right that did that. You know, it wasn't Actually, no, it certainly wasn't. And and so you see this through, and, and by the way, this is what these dark forces do in any system where they want to, whether it be pre-revolution, France, whether it be Russia, whether it be Spain in the 1930s, whether it be of course China in the 1920s, thirties, forties, et cetera, going up to the founding of the People's Republic of China. This is what always happens. So you see the infiltration through the institutions, you see agitation, by the way you see direct operations run on the military. Like we saw in the Russian revolution that it was the military that was really heavily targeted in many of these units, of course were used for radicalization.


So the deserters from the Imperial army become the first units of the red Army, right? But instead of the guns pointing towards Germany, the German agent Lenin is then able to use them to turn their guns towards St. Petersburg. of course. And so this, this level of subversion, this level of infiltration, now of course it's done differently now. And so because revolutions are different, because warfare is different. So it's not third generation warfare anymore, fourth generation, fifth generation. So we wouldn't expect to see literal civil wars. You would see things playing out, you know, some kinetic aspects, but mainly online. So online state power regime, power and pockets of Resistance. That's right. And to continue the analogy, there's always a krinsky who, you know, promises to return to like the sensible center.


But actually unwittingly or not is a betting the revolutionary. Yeah. I think Krinsky just got taken out. Yeah, well maybe that's, maybe that's right. But I certainly see a lot of 'em on the right. I mean there were, there were Republicans yesterday, Mitt Romney was one of them who were sort of sending out tributes to Joe Biden for his selfless act on behalf of the nation when it's not even clear that he had anything to do with it at all. It was just transparently non-democratic, what happened yesterday. Transparent, you're, for someone like MIT Romney to, you know, to endorse that is so dark. Like how can that guy be a senator? Much less a Republican senator. Meanwhile, and at the same time you've got Aaron Sorkin running around in op-Ed saying that, that the Democrats should nominate.


This is, before we knew about that, Biden dropped out. But yesterday morning, Aaron Sorkin has this huge piece saying that MIT Romney should be the nominee of the Democrats to put him in. And so this goes to show you that at the end of the day, they don't care about the R, they don't care about the dt, they don't care about whatever ideology they claim to play to be about. It's all about power, it's all about the club, it's all about Leviathan. It's all about the machine. And if you are going to keep things going, if you're gonna keep the machine going, if you're gonna keep the permanent state going and the permanent managerial class, whatever, everyone's got these, they're like their own name for it. Whatever, what you wanna call this system that you're gonna keep that going. You're our guy. So you gotta wonder this or, or gal in this case. But Nikki Haley who cheered the violence of the BLM riots as Mitt Romney did as well.


Like what do you think she thought when Trump got shot? Honestly, Tucker, I think Nikki Haley's an opportunist. I think she's someone who's incredibly ambitious. I think she's willing to go with ever way, whichever way the wind's blowing. And I think Nikki Haley's first question probably was, how bad is it? Yeah. Because she knew that the same forces, by the way that were trying to block JD Vans from becoming vice president would all have lined up behind a Nikki Haley candidacy at the convention. So we've got the Civil War aspect aside. Let's say what happens to the primary, it would've come down most likely to Nikki Haley versus Don Jr.


I think that Don Jr would've kind of inherited the, certainly the sympathy and also the legacy. He's got the name, everybody knows that he's his father's biggest supporter and, and you know, he's got the name ID to actually do that. So I think you would've seen the Trump grassroots base lineup behind Don Jr. But you would see the oligarchs, you would see the power, you would see the money, a lot of this lining up behind as, As they were before. I just don't understand the utility or the wisdom in keeping people like Nikki Haley or Mike Pompeo around. I mean, I had a friend once with an awful girlfriend and she was just not a good person at all. And he married her and she became an awful wife and then wrecked his life.


And I'm not saying that people don't change or redemption's impossible. Clearly they do. And it is, but it's unwise to keep bad people around you. And it's dangerous actually. I don't understand like why Nikki Haley or Mike Pompeo, who's a criminal, would be speaking at the Republican convention. That's not unity. That's like, that's a threat to you and to the country, I think. And if you wanna go really dark Tucker, the question is, do we have clarity on when Nikki Haley was actually added to the RNC platform when she was added to the schedule? I don't know. I don't have clarity on that either, but I know that she initially wasn't there. So the story goes that, that Haley and Ron DeSantis, who had run against Trump in the primary, were initially not slated to speak on the RNC agenda.


And at some point they were later put on Nikki Haley of course, mentions in her speech, Donald Trump wants me to be here. And now there's that clip where it turns back to, I think it's Trump talking to JD Vance, and he's sort of mouthing his lips and they've, they've done the, the lip sync and says that the lip reading and says that, that she wanted to speak. Here we go. So, so she wanted to speak. So Nikki Haley was able to push herself in, and whoever's running that piece said, okay, well, in the name of Unity, we're gonna let her in now. Well, Donald Trump gets up at these state, these rallies again and again, and he, and he recites the snake poem.


He's talking about illegal immigrants usually. Wouldn't the same thing apply to Nikki Haley and Mike Pompeo and John Bolton and all of these types? Yeah. I mean, I think I, I guess, yeah. Well, of course I couldn't agree more. And it's not a matter of punishing people or not practicing forgiveness, which we're required to practice. And I think we should always extend forgiveness. But it's, it's a question of self-protection. Do you want forgiveness? Doesn't mean suicide. I agree with that. And it doesn't mean You can forgive somebody and not invite them into your war bed. Right. Forgiveness is something happens in your heart. Exactly. It's not, it's not. I'm gonna let you in my house now and sit at my table when I Know you, but the attempted murder of Trump just shows how deadly serious these people are, how high the stakes are.


And I just hope people are internalizing that lesson. But they don't seem to be at all that The lesson is that all of this can end in the blink of, again, half an inch to the right. Yeah. Half an inch to the right. And all of it goes away. Then there's a massive fight. Nikki Haley, Don Jr. But you, you look at some of this movement right now, and a lot of it is sort of on the precipice of Donald Trump. And because of his figure, because of his notoriety, because of his connection with the people, and by the way, the Democrats have this with like Barack Obama for example. Or they did, I guess you could say, in terms of their public, like public support, not in terms of their institutional support, that you take him out and suddenly the whole thing's up for grabs all of it.


It does seem to me impossible to know, of course. But the, the decision to put JD Vance in as, as his running mate does make it a little harder to extinguish the ideas when Trump exits the scene. I mean, it seems a little more, more like Trump's party in a real way now than it did before. Well, this was something, and, and you had a tweet about this where talking about those forces that were trying to stop JD Vance and something, I think that, you know, those of us that knew what was going on behind the scenes, Are you talking about Lindsey Graham? I am talking about little wire, Creepy little fingers that, that People don't quite realize what all was going on. So what, like what was really behind that tweet? I've never seen anything like it, it was, it's just full court press by the worst people I've ever met, and all of whom I know personally.


Not all, I don't know Ken Griffin, but I know the rest of them personally. And because I lived in DC my whole life and what was so striking to me, I mean, they're always behind the scenes lobbying campaigns for every position, every time power changes hands or you know, someone who wants a piece of it. Got it. Same with money. Fine. But I've just never seen a clearer cut alignment between like everybody with bad motives. Everyone who wants more killing for its own sake. Everyone who's driven by really, really unholy impulses. They were all on one side pushing Marco Rubio, who for the record, I think is a perfectly nice person. And Doug Bergham, whom I don't know, but they were, I mean, they were adamant that it could not be JD Vance.


And I do think You can judge in the same way You can judge a tree by the fruit. It bears You can judge people by their supporters or detractors. And like every bad person, the people responsible for every horrible disaster this country has had over the last 15 years. They were all against JD Vance. I mean, and really against JD Vance. I mean, I mean like last minute desperation offers of all kinds of things. Just the ugliest kind of manipulation, lying corruption, true corruption. And I mean, and I mean, up until 1:00 PM on Monday, this was going on. That's how high they thought the stakes were. It wasn't just like, well, I kind of prefer Marco to jd. No, no, no, no, no.


And wow, I just thought that is the force that needs to be excised from the Republican party, and they can join David from and Bill Crystal and all the rest of the world's worst people in the other party. Why do they have to hang around their, like, you should have one semi-decent option in American politics. No. Right. And, and this, what are they doing Here? Why are these people still here? We leave, Can You can find another island of Misfits somewhere? And they can, they can go right next to the first one and Hang out. No, but you're into Stalinism if you're into just like murdering people in far away countries because it makes you feel like God, which is what guys like from, and, and Crystal and John Bolton, that's what they're into.


of course, they're like impotent with tragic personal lives, but they, they feel powerful because they get to kill you. Ukrainians, we have a party for you. It's called the Democratic Party Party. Like what are you doing here? Right. Well, And this, for the neocons in general, this is actually where they, where they came from originally. And the reason they came out of the Democrat party, and this is sort of the tier one. So like Irving and, and the rest are, came over over the Vietnam War. Oh, yeah. And so, wait, you guys are going anti-war. We can't have that. We need the war. We need the killing. We need the destruction, we need the, I'll just call it, I mean, it, it's, it's demonic. It's demonic to want that level of death. I've, I've been to China, I've been to Vietnam, I've been to Russia, I've been to many of the places affected, but Poland, obviously that's been affected by this space, where my family comes from.


And, and you just, it's horrific. It's, it's, it's an at it's an actual atrocity. Well, Of course, but the atrocity is the point. That's what you Realize. And then you realize the point of a system is what it does. And this is, and so for us, when we talk about the un, the Point of a system is what it does. The point of a system is what it does. I like that. I've never heard that Before. You've heard that? Yeah. That's sort of a, that, that's not mine that's been going around. But if you think of it, if, if a system has a problem, well then that, that, that problem would be fixed and maybe the next iteration or the next version of the system, you'd, you'd, you push out an update. Not like CrowdStrike, but you know, an actual, an actual fix. You would do something to fix your system. This is why the constitution has amendments. They said, you know, maybe we didn't quite get it right.


We're gonna allow you guys to amend this thing. And as you go, as you go and, you know, work things out, maybe, maybe needed need to, for example, one of the early fixes in in that system was the presidency and the vice presidency. This idea that the second most vote getter would be this vice president led to an administration that was just too fous to, to work together. So fine. They, you know, came up with the new system where we now have sort of, I just, I don't know. No, I don't think I, I said now, but I catch myself because I'm not sure that's exactly what we have now. No, because they always Hate Each other. But I've never seen a president and a vice president who didn't really hate each other. Yeah. And now, well, hopefully, hopefully the next one, hope That's true.


There's something about the structure that makes it hard to Get loan. Yeah, it does. And the, I the other idea then is that what if you leave that flaw, what if the flaw is there and it's kept in every iteration, every update of the system, every version of the operating system that gets pushed out always has this zero day flaw that's still in it, or zero day exploit. That's what ERs talk about. And so you might start to realize that, wait a minute, what if that flaw that's creating this unwanted outcome actually is the real system. And everything that we've been told is just window dressing. Exactly. And so maybe the fact that communism kills a hundred million people actually is the point of course of communism.


of course, of course. And it's not equality, justice, diversity, DEI, peace, land, bread. There's land, any of those things. What if the point actually is the killing? And maybe if the victims are disproportionately Christian, which they have been always from French Revolution to present, maybe the actual point is opposing Christianity, maybe a real enemy is Jesus. I'm just thinking. I mean, if, again, if the point of a system is what it does, and every so-called Communist Revolution from, well, from the Maoist Revolution to the French Revolution, to the Spanish Civil War, to the Soviet, the OG revolution, they all targeted Christians.


So, and maybe that's the real enemy for them. The Christians are the ones that, so when we wrote on humans, we had done this like podcast series on Chronicles of the Revolution and China files. And I, I was just sort of going it through it from a pro, from a history perspective, and it was, you know, Christmas break and I wanted some extra content up there. So let's just talk about communism. But then as we started going through each of them, we real, like a pattern just started emerging. And the pattern was always the Christians are the first to go, whether it's under the gun, whether it's under the guillotine, whether it's under the knife, whatever it, or, or in front of the cannon, whatever it is, it's the Christians that are always lined up first to the point where robes Pierre at the very end of the terror is executing nuns in nuns by, By guillotine.


I was about to say it wasn't in the Sisters of Coon. Exactly. Are, are led to the, in the streets of Paris. I Think you're the only person knows that A French monarchy, so a French monarchy or a Catholic monarchy in France is completely overturned. The, the Notre Dame, by the way, another symbol, which seems to be constantly under attack for some strange reason that can't help. But notice, by the way, Michelle Obama also standing right next to it when it's, when it catches fire sipping her champagne back in 1798, it gets turned over from, it gets deconsecrated as cathedral.


Oh yeah. So it's deconsecrated as a cathedral and is turned into a temple of reason. of course. So a temple to a not God, a temple to a demon, a temple to another figure that is not God, that is not worshiping Christ. So, and they hold these cults, they actually called them cults back then. Yeah. The cult of reason. And so there were cult ceremonies that were held in Notre Dame. Now, of course, it's been reconsecrated since then. And, there was a guy by the name of Napoleon that actually played a huge role in this. The same way that, that when churches wanna attack in Spain in the 1930s, Franco plays a huge role in the restoration of the church. The same way that you see this in Russia following the end of the Soviet Union, the end of the Bolshevik rule, the churches start to build again, start to get Reconsecrated, et cetera, et cetera.


You see this happening again and again. Well, it's Sort of interesting you mentioned that. 'cause you know, the, I mean, I'm 55, so I was here for it. The entire American left to one extent or another, very few explicitly, but all of them in effect supported the Soviet Union. And they defended it, even sometimes while attacking it. But effectively, they defended it for the entire length of its existence from, you know, 19 October, 1917 to August, 1991, they defended it. And then the second, and they kind of were agnostic about Russia in the turmoil period. They were happy to loo it, which they did. But it was only when Putin's, and they weren't against Putin, it was only when he started talking about Christianity that he became, you know, the enemy, the overriding enemy you Have.


Barack Obama in 2014 says, Crimea isn't an existential issue for us. Right. It's an existential issue for them. And he kind of, he didn't give it his blessing, but in that sort of Barack Obama way, he was Yeah, right. You know, Trayvon Martin could have been my son, so he doesn't come out and say it, but that's him putting out his comment. And in the, in the, in the Washington, Washington ology that we have to do now, like the criminology. So the Washington analogy is that, okay, when they put out a statement like that, that's, so Obama's like the voice of God on their side. He's not, he isn't the one, but he's the voice. And so when he puts out a statement, that's okay, we're not gonna do this, we're not gonna worry about this. That's between Russia and Ukraine, who really cares. It's not a big deal. We're gonna go in. But then the, then the anti LGBT law comes out in Russia, and that's the moment.


And Pussy Riot starts going off and was totally funded by the way. And then, then suddenly pussy riots, like in the US and they're on House of Cards, and then House of Cards goes from this, you know, British sort of like, fun, you know, backstabbing kind of show to this like massive anti-Russia thing. And there's these scenes with like the Putin character, the Putin standin, where he's saying, you know, I, I don't actually feel this way, but we must do this. This is, this is the, and like, they're, they're, they're teaching that, that Russia has become this anti-homosexual country. And that the entire point of the Russian government is to drive out homosexuality, which just not true, by the way, but also who cares?


And it's also like, who Cares? I mean, I don't understand. Like why is that our business anyway? It's, and it's, and suddenly everyone in DC the same way that the West Wing, oh, I know I was there, you know, set the, the show. I mean, Aaron's working reference again, big L for those guys, few good men still go. I'll give them that one. That the same way that the West Wing set the stage for the Clinton years and beyond, it was this, like this, this, you know, this fake perfect version of the Clinton presidency. Then House of Cards sort of became this new mindset shift that was pushed, you must hate Russia. Now you must hate Russia. But specifically not because they're doing Russian things like maintaining access to their Black sea fleet, which duh, you know? Yeah, of course they're gonna do that.


You know, it's not right or wrong, it's just, it's their only port on the Black Sea. They're gonna want that. They fought pretty hard for that over the years. They're not gonna just give it up because we've instituted some coup. And, and by the way, keep in mind, Tucker, that at the time Obama didn't want us look paying attention to Ukraine too much because the coup was still ongoing. And this is the coup that took out Jankovich and led to the complete CIA Victoria renewal and control of the current Ukrainian regime prior to that. Right? You never have, why didn't you have Russia sending, you know, sending armies across for all those years in the interim, if they wanted it so bad, why not take it? The Ukrainian Army didn't have any NATO support back then.


The Ukrainian army didn't have any constitution. You could have, they could have just signed a piece of paper and said, yeah, Ukraine is never gonna be its own country if they wanted to take over all of Ukraine and all of Europe as opposed to actually looking at a potential growing threat inside Ukraine. Yeah. And, and I, I agree completely. And the bigger question is why would we risk nuclear war over a law on sex education? And the answer is because it was pro Christian. That's why. And subverting Christianity is, is the program that is the program right there. Which, which by the, and so think about it, right? When people say, well, wait a minute, Tucker, but here in the United States, you know, we have churches, we have church all over the place. You can see 'em, You can drive around, and here's a church, there's a church, et cetera.


But I guess to borrow a phrase, the churches are in the closet, of course, right? So You can go behind closed doors and You can pray to do whatever God you want. We're totally fine with that. Just keep it in there. Don't bring it out here. Don't bring it into the public. Don't. In the 1950s, we used to have the three crosses of Calvary were displayed across the skyline of New York City. We'll never see that in our lifetime. We won't. Maybe, maybe my kids will. Yeah, Maybe our kids, You don know where this is going. But right now, what do you see? You see the trans flag, of course you see the pride flag and it's displayed on full promise. Okay? That is subversion, that, that shows the ideological control, the ideological hegemony that's taken over inside the United States.


So, Sorry, we just got Breaking. Alright. This is from Charlie Kirk. I got a weird, I'm reading this cold. I got a weird lead on a story people ought to look into. I got a call from a source close to Las Vegas Metro Police. The official story was that Biden's trip was cut short last week due to covid. However, according to this source, US Secret Service informed Las Vegas metro, that there was an emergency situation involving Joe Biden and to close necessary streets so that POTUS could be transported immediately to University Medical, which began to, which they began to do in earnest then mysteriously there was a stand down order and the Secret service informed local Vegas pd that they were gonna medevac POTUS to Johns Hopkins, which they presume meant fly him back east as soon as possible.


Apparently the rumor mill in the police department was that Joe Biden was dying, or already dead, possibly. I didn't think too much about this lead. It seemed too wild to be true. But given that Joe Biden has been outta public site for days and dropped outta the race via an expost, and this brother James indicated health was a factor, I'm beginning to grow more curious if Covid or something else has been more serious than reported. If anyone with Las Vegas Metro has information, please email freedom@charliekirk.com. I want to hear if there's more to the official story than what they're telling us. Well, I'm sure Las Vegas metro would be just as, just as open as forthcoming as they were during the, during the, during the October shooting 2017. Yeah. The worst mass shooting in American history, Which is never spoken of again.


They Tried to drive me out of a camera position while I was doing a story on it. Yeah. Clearly There's something no known for being open and forthcoming. Yeah. Like the city itself. Clearly something is going on here, obviously, I don't know what it is. I know it's hallmark, which is secrecy. Secrecy is the hallmark of lying. So if you wanna know, is someone lying? Well, I don't know. Is he being, is he hiding something? Well then he is lying, right? So they're lying. So I, I just want to, before we stop, 'cause I wanna put this up on the, on the inner tubes very soon, you just wrote a book on communist revolution called On Humans. I could ask you a million questions about this. I think it's one of the most interesting topics there is.


Thank you. But, But just tell us, like based on the research you did and the thinking you did while writing this, what are the hallmarks? What are the signs of the kind of revolution that's destroyed so many countries? Well, so the, the first thing you would expect to see are, are the, these mass grievance outpourings, and not just, not just mass grievance, outpourings. And this is key by the way, not just actual grievances from the people. You would expect to see it from the mouthpieces of institutions. You would see it from universities, you would see it from media, mass media. You would see it from elected leaders or national leaders in some cases.


And not just grievances by the way, about maybe something that's ongoing that can be fixed. Like, oh, the energy supply is having trouble. We need more energy, like an actual grievance. Right? Right. Or, or, you know, we need more beds in our hospitals. You know, something like this. Those are legitimate actual grievances, I'm sure. Well, sure. The s of government. Yeah. But What you would hear are more systemic grievances. There is a problem with our system. There is a problem with our government. There is a problem with our country. The way that it Imp precise complaints that are impossible to address Precisely Racism, transphobia. Okay, great. What do I do about that? Exactly. What is the problem? Exactly. What is equity? Exactly. They're imprecise. They're imprecise. And so, and then, and then you would, you would also expect to see ideological in cohesion.


So the idea that you would stand for whatever's popular at the moment as a response to those grievances. So we're gonna beef up security, but also we're gonna defund the police. We are for more housing, but not housing over here. We're gonna do housing over there. And, but we're also for price controls. How do you have more housing plus price controls? Right. It doesn't never, it doesn't possibly work in Thomas Souls obviously written a million times about this. You would constantly be changing whatever your policies are because you don't actually care about your policies. You're not ideologically driven and you're not pragmatically driven either. You're always constantly telling people, we need to do more. We need to fight this imaginary force. And because, so White supremacy, Christian nationalism, Supremacy, Christian nationalism, systemic racism, the, you know, police brutality, great example, great example.


No, it's not to say. And, and everyone's always like, oh no, you're just, you're back to blue, whoever, who, that's so silly. It's like, no, no, no, no. Like, obviously people are gonna be people and people make mistakes. But body cams were introduced because we were told that police were lying about crime and they were making it all up. And police in New York were just cracking down on black and brown people. And that's why we need body cams everywhere. So, so police department said, fine. You know what? Fine, we'll we'll do the body cams. You know what, then You can finally believe what we're seeing. You know what? The body cams showed Tucker that the level of crime was exactly consistent with what had been reported before. Yeah, of course. And the body cams just showed the violent crime. And so now you're, you're starting to actually see, 'cause this was a, a direct progressive thing.


Body cams on cameras, body cams on, you know, police body cams, police body cams. And now they say, well, we don't want the body cams because the body cams are helping the police too much. And they're giving them surveillance options and they're being used. Well, they're racist To direct people. Yeah. Noticing is racist. So Wait a minute. You said you wanted this specific thing, we gave you this specific thing, and now you are against it because it's helping us. So were you actually for truth, right? Were you actually for fine noticing things that are going on in reality? Or are you driving towards something else? Do you have something else that's hidden? And so the, what's underlying and what we found out in the book, of course, is it's always the, the overturning of whatever government is in place, whatever p whatever power is in place, whatever system is in place is completely overturned.


Spain, for example, Catholic monarchy, France, Catholic monarchy, both of those had to be overturned. Both of those were usurped. And as you said before, these, these attacks on Christianity are a hallmark, a direct hallmark. So what we see in the United States, well start slower, right? Because in the United States you have a problem. You don't have the haves and the have nots. The separation between oppressor and oppressed is harder in the United States because in a lot of the countries in the past where they've tried this, you have this sort of pyramid structure where you've got a couple of people at the top that are doing really well, and then a lot of people at the bottom that aren't. And so, you know, you get the people at the bottom attack the people at the top. That's Marxism.


Marxism is a tactic. It's not ideology, it's not a belief system. It's just a tactic that's used to get all these people down here, to fight those people up there. Well, exactly. No one ever read Dos Capal. And the whole thing is, it's nonsense. It's Right there. It's complete nonsense. It's complete nonsense. Yeah. And what you do in the United States then, because you realize, wait a minute, we've got this more of a diamond shape, right? So in diamond shaped society, where you've got this middle class, you say, okay, we've got these people in the middle, and they're already kind of, kind of fat and happy because they're doing well and they've got kids and yards and suburbs and all of this. So you look for other ways to divide up a society. You divide it up by tribe, you divide it up by ethnicity, you divide it up by gender.


So you use sociology, then the Soviet Union falls, by the way. And so you really have to get away from the economic stuff. And so you say, fine, we don't worry about that. But what we do worry about is what other kind of majorities are there? Oh, there's a white majority. Okay, so the white majority is oppressing everybody else. And the white majority is actually the one that's doing all of this. And then it plays on these ideas of white guilt as well to tap into the support for these, again, these other tribes that you're creating. I'm not saying that they're creating races, but what I'm saying is you're splitting people up, of course and pitting them against each other. of course, one of The most unfair things I've ever seen, ever. And the fact that, you know, the white majority put up with it for even a second. It really says something bad about them, I think.


Like what? So, I mean, build the Greatest country ever, the most humane, fair, decent country with tons of flaws, but compared to what? And sit there for years and have people spit in your face for something that you didn't do, you did Just opposite. And are driven, are driven out from your cities, driven out from your towns, driven out from the places that you built. And I, I talk about, And you put up With it, I talk about my hometown all the time. So this, like where I come from outside of Philly, it like just outside Philly, it, you know, it didn't really hit until like the nineties. And that's when, you know, section eight started hitting, and that's when all the drugs started getting flooded in. And like right after we left, it becomes a sanctuary city. So illegals were already bubbling up, but then it's like officially becomes a sanctuary city.


And I remember being a kid and I'm like writing letters to the local newspaper, you know, don't do this. You are going to ruin everything in our town. And this was like, you know, your idyllic kind, not idyllic, but you know, it's a town, it's like a town of real people who knew each other, who grew up together, who lived there for a hundred years. Yeah. With all of the families, you know, it's intertwined, the good, the bad, the ugly, all of it. And, but you know, the kids that I grew up playing with were the children of the kids my father grew up playing with, and his father grew up. We were all baptized at the same church. We were all born at the same hospital. That kind of place ever since we came from Poland for again a century. And then all of a sudden government comes in, and not just government by itself by the way, but specific forces within the federal government.


It's just, it's just my like town. Like this was done across the country, towns after town after town. And Jeremy Carl, of course has a great book about it that you, but it's just, it's just knowing that experience and knowing that. But it, what's interesting is that I won't have that for my kids. No. But the, the effect was just destruction. And that's the thread that connects all the revolutions that you consider in this book. Yes. Is that things, yeah. Okay. You can have a violent revolution. It's not that hard. You just have to be willing to kill people. And you know, they, they have been, but the effect wasn't an improvement. It was a dramatic decline in people's happiness standard of living life Expectancy. Yeah.


And then of course the death toll was in the tens of millions. So If you're a Russian surf and you go to be so Russian surf and you say, oh, let's get rid of the Czar and then everything's gonna be great. So you get rid of the czar and you kill him and his family, and you're slaughtering the children, and suddenly are things gonna get better? No. Now you've gotta go work on the commune, and if you complain about it, you gets sent to the gulag. But, so that raises like a really interesting point that I never hear anybody ask, which is, okay, so like the famous robe spear speaking, the French Revolution, the famous robe spear phrase is you have to break a few eggs to make an omelet. Right? Okay, well, you know, I'm against that Chairman Mal said a revolution is not a dinner party. Right? That's right. And, and I'm, I'm opposed to that. However, it makes intuitive sense.


You have to do hard things to get good results, but the results were worse every single time. And just referring back to the, your great line that the point of an organization is what it does, Point of system Rather a system, then maybe making people suffer was the whole point. So, So this, and we talk about this in the book. So in the unhuman playbook, if you just, again, looking at it from their perspective, people will say, now a rational person might say, how can you still support communism after Communism's killed a hundred million people? Right? Well turn that back around on itself. What if killing a hundred million people was the point? If you talk to one of them and you actually got them to answer you truthfully, they would say that a hundred million, that's a good start.


We need to add to that because those were Christians, those were racists, those were people who stood in the way of our utopia. And those people need to be removed from our system before we can have what it is that we truly want. Yeah. I mean, and I think some people believe that. I think, you know, Simon Sba Montefore wrote the most amazing book about Stalin with access to the internal archives called In the Court of the Red Czar, I think it's called. But anyway, and we learned from Stalin's personal correspondence that he was actually a true believer. He believed in this. Yes. But I think given that totally consistent track record of revolutions, all of which result in more human suffering, utopia never arrives the opposite dystopia arrives.


I I just think at that point it's obvious there are supernatural forces involved. People are acting against their own interest as people. The point is killing people. If the point is killing people, that's not a human impulse. That's a, that's a super, there are supernatural forces here. Right. One of the ways that, that's my view. That, and and you talked to Spanish Catholics about this, like Spanish Catholics, I have have their eyes open, I should say, which, which I have. And, and my wife and I went and visited the Valley of Fallen in research for this book. And we, you know, we walked around and we saw where Franco's original grave was and all of this. And you realize that, wait a minute, this was, this was the equivalent to a modern crusade. Oh yeah.


What happened in the 1930s? Because they saw demons, actual demons being, taking the form of men and killing priests, raping nuns on the altar, and then taking the nuns bodies and displaying the skeletons. Oh yeah. With, with, you know, with their habits on, in the public square and saying this, this is a sign of what will ha of what we will do to the church, what we'll do to you, what will you, what we will do to your family. The same forces get unleashed in China in the 1960 I, I, By the way, by the way, the help of a lot of Americans, by the way, so many Abraham Lincoln Brigade and, and a lot of others, a lot of American Hemingway a hundred hanging out Emma Goldman Yes. George Orwell George or, But Orwell Orwell actually comes out better than most in, Better than most in the wash.


It changed his life. He was shot in the throat on Century Duty. He wrote a wonderful book about it, which in which he doesn't mention being shot, I don't think, but called Amish to Catalonia. Yes. But that completely changed, which we ed changed his Yeah. A Ton book. But it changes his worldview completely. But my only point is like, this wasn't about Spain. No. Do you think Earnest Hemingway or John Depas or all these sort of literary celebrities in the leftists from the United States, you think they knew anything about Byzantine Spanish politics, which is so freaking complicated. I've tried to understand it. It's impossible to understand any Spanish politics period. Always has been. So they didn't have any understanding of this at all. They were drawn by an instinct.


It's the marketing Toward Darkness. No, they were though. Well, So it's, it's rooted in romanticism. So it's this idea of, in the same way that it's, it is Luciferian, right? So the original, yeah, the original. So original. Original. So Lucifer says, I can do better than God. Look what God has created. Look at all these problems. Look at things aren't going well. I don't like this. I can do better than God. I will create utopia on earth. And so this is what leads him to rebel against the throne. This is why Lucifer comes at God. Now, God of course, destroys him because he's God. So Lucifer and the fallen angels become the demons. And the demons realize that, okay, you can't make open war on God because God will destroy you.


So what do you do? You attack his creation. Yeah. So if, if God's connection to his creation is through the human heart, then that's where you, that's where you strike. So you take over through the heart and CS Lewis, of course, screw tape letters, all of this, talk about it. How this is how you are able to infiltrate the human heart. And when you infiltrate the human heart, You can suddenly turn it into these, these mad men, the actual demonic control of, of individuals through these ideas of what we are doing is for the greater good. What we are doing is for the future. We are smashing the old. And so you require these propaganda operations again and again and again over time and over time, to be able to get people to commit some of the most horrific a again, in, in raping nuns on an altar.


Oh, yeah. The, the Bay. It's happened a lot. The bayoneting of the Romanoff children bayonets against children, little girls. People Think they were shot. They weren't little, Little girls and, and, and, and boys. They they were also shot. Shot and Ted Yeah. But they were almost all sh the, the testimony that came out much later was they were almost all of them alive. Yes. From the shooting stops. One of the reasons for that is, and it's horrific to say, but so this is the, they're in the Iif house in Berg. Yeah. And they say the guards aim too high. Yep. 'cause the kids weren't tall enough that when, so the first volley, they see their parents being killed, and they say, by the way, that Alexandra, the, the Zina that she died making the sign of the cross, Ugh.


As her, as her children lied there. And Just remember a lot of the ruling class of Russia supported this crap at first. Well, they supported it. They said, oh, we need to go along. We, we, we don't wanna upset the boat. We don't wanna be with the Black Lives matter of, We don't wanna be politically, by the way, you see this again and again, you see it in the French Revolution too, where Louis goes along with it, of course Louis goes along with it and says, you know what? Yeah, these are fine. These are just some reforms. They're just, and at first it was just like some Bad stuff. You know what check, we just need sentencing reform, actually. It's just criminal. Yeah. Reform. Yeah. So the next, so the next stage is they release the criminals. Oh yeah. Right. The criminals go in, and this is ANCO tyranny. So Anarch tyranny comes in, by the way, not to necessarily destabilize the country or inflame the country.


And our co tyranny is used to pacify the middle class. So the criminals are out there, and you're supposed to just sort of keep your head down. Oh, the, the, the planes have all been shut down again. So I can't fly today because CrowdStrike passed a bad update. Oh, oh, okay. Just, and you just accept more and more and more. I Lived in that neighborhood To totalitarianism over and over and over. You accept more violence over and over. And, and I guess the answer, and we, and we do by the way, give some hope at the very end of all this, is that it doesn't have to be this way. Like we, we actually don't have to live this way. As a matter of fact, that every person has the ability with whether it's within your own circle, within your own town, or perhaps you've got a, you know, big platform or, you know, you're, you're someone like Trump who's running for office.


You have the ability to actually change things. And, you know, I always, we talk about like, like local libraries and parks and recreation centers. I know it sounds kind of silly, but it's like your local communist, they're looking at the public library and they know that if I can get into that library and I can get that front row of books that comes in every time you walk into a library, and currently it's pretty much every public library in America, by the way, right now. That's how infiltrated we are. You will be hit with political propaganda on racism and DEI and all this and transgenderism when you first walk in. So when children walk in, why? Because the communist recognizes that as a note of power. So the communist will take it over, of course they'll infiltrate it and they'll take it over. Then look at the parks and rec department. So, you know, I, I get that, you know, there's like this conservative response to say, oh, drag queen story hour drag queen story hour.


But it's like, well, but do you understand what's going on? Do you understand? You're looking at a system, do you understand? You're looking at a system that's playing out exactly how it was designed to play out, because the point of the system is what it does. So, like your local communist is looking at that parks and rec department saying, I've gotta get in there and I've gotta start indoctrinate the children and I've gotta turn the children against the parents. Because again, that's exactly what they do every time. And so you're sowing the seeds Yeah. For this eventual takeover in total power. Yeah. And if you can't recognize what happened nine days ago as, as a, as a watershed, they shoot Trump in front of all of us. You don't see that as a turning point.


Then There's No, and and, and think of it, so Trump's assassination attempt, Steve Bannon locked up as a political prisoner. Peter Navarro just gets out as a political prisoner. The a co palace cos of sitting leaders. All of this has happened before. All of this, literally to the letter has happened before. The only point is if you're just sitting there going with the flow saying, oh my gosh, I can't understand what happens next. No, all of this has happened before. I'll tell you exactly what happens next. And it gets really dark if people don't fight back. Jack, thank you. We're gonna put this up. Let's do it. Thanks, man. Appreciate it.


Thanks for listening to The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made. The complete library, Tucker Carlson com.