
We're kicking off our live coast to coast speaking tour, and we are thrilled to announce a special guest at our Milwaukee show on September 16th. Larry Elger and I are gonna be on stage that night, and we're gonna be joined last minute by Bobby Kennedy Jr. Bobby Kennedy Jr. Live on stage September 16th, Milwaukee, Wisconsin at your tickets at Tucker Carlson dot com. See you there. Here's our latest episode with Jason Aldean. Welcome to Tucker Carlson Show. We bring you stories that have not been showcased anywhere else, and they're not sed of course, because we're not gatekeepers.


We are honest brokers here to tell you what we think you need to know and do it honestly. Check out all of our content at Tucker Carlson dot com. Here's the episode. So you've been famous a long time, and then you got way more famous with a single song not too long ago. Yeah. Kinda seems that way. Yeah, It does kind of seem that way. And how did you, where'd that song come from? So, two of my band mates, two of the guys that are in my band, who I've, you know, been playing music with for 25 years, we started a publishing company, I don't know, a few years ago, kinda started our own publishing company, writing songs and kinda keeping all of our stuff mostly in house. And I don't know, we were Just, that's not the way it's normally done in Nashville.


I feel like it's more the way it's starting to be done now, but it wasn't always that way. And, you know, just, I mean, we're all on the road talking about the same stuff that everybody's talking about, you know, state of the country, those kind of things. What we agree with, don't agree with what we're seeing. And, and, you know, those guys wanted to basically, you know, write a song about it. And it was, you know, meant to be kind of our version of a country boy can survive the old Hank Jr thing, you know, and, but, you know, make it relevant to what was going on now because we felt like it was, you know, there was a lot of stuff out there that nobody was talking about or calling people out for things. Yeah. And, and so it kind came from those guys and they played it for me.


And I mean, it was, to me it was a no brainer. I mean, it was just like, man, this is everything that I feel. It's everything I wanna say. And it's something that nobody else is talking about. So, or at least in our world, in the music business. And, and so we put it out, man, I was excited to put it out, excited to, to put it out as a single. And you know, obviously when, when that happens, you see, you know, a lot of the people with the label or whatever it is, you know, they're like, ah, I don't know, you know, we'll see. They, they, a lot of times people in the business, they're just scared of how it's gonna affect my career or their career or whatever it is. And, you know, at some point I just feel like you gotta plant your flag somewhere and, and stand for something. And we put it out, we put a video out that, that I felt like represented the song the way I saw it.


And, and once we did that, it just kind of snowballed from there. We put the video out and, you know, that started getting a lot of traction when it got, you know, people trying to cancel the video or whatever. And, and so it just kind of snowballed and next thing you know, everybody was checking it out, trying to figure out what all the, you know, what all the hoopla was about and, and, you know, ended up being a huge song for us. Yeah. I'd say, yeah, 64 million views on YouTube, try that in a small town as of today. So the reaction to it was so intense, positive, but also negative. Right. All these different news outlets went out of their way, you know, found like the one guy on staff who'd grown up in a small town and been like, no, that this isn't real.


Yeah. Well, I think that's the one thing for me, I noticed man was, you know, being in this business and just that situation for me, especially, you know, I saw firsthand how the media can take something and really switch that narrative and, and lead you down a path that maybe it's just not true. You know, it's like somebody writes a story and they say the headline is Jason Aldean releases pro lynching racist song, or whatever it is. And it's like, man, that's not, that's not fact. Like you're, that is, I remember race being addressed in the song. Right. But, you know, it's, it's, did they say that? It's wild to me that they can go out and, and media can go out and put that narrative out there.


And then you got all the other media outlets and you know how it works. Somebody says that you do one interview or one person writes an article, then all the rest of them grab that one article and it's blasted out to everywhere. And that becomes the story that, that becomes fact or true or whatever. And it, it was just wild for me to see like how, how the media could do that and, and sort of create something out of what shouldn't have been that big a deal. You know what I mean? And so it was, it was the first time I'd, not the first time I'd been involved in something like that, but I think the first time on, on that level really Did it bother you at all? I mean, it bothered me to a sense of like, man, that's not really, you know, you're, you're taking it and turning it into something else, which I knew it wasn't, but I've also been in the business long enough to know that I'm not gonna go out there and start trying to defend myself to everything.


I mean, if anybody thinks that I walked down the street, you know, was looking at places to shoot a video and went, man, let's pick a place where they hung a guy in front of the, the building that'd be great for, you know, my career, great for the video, great for the story we're trying to tell. Like, that's the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard. You know, that courthouse is 10 minutes from my house. It was close. You know what I mean? And so when you start having people take you down a path of that, also, it's, well, he picked it because of this. I'm like, that's so stupid, but I'm not gonna go out there. It's An actually courthouse, right? Yeah. It's a courthouse where I go get my car tags right from my car. So do you think that everyone who gets car tags there is endorsing, endorsing lynching? It depends on who's writing the story.


You know, it depends on what the story is that gets out, gets out there. Where'd that from? I think it ca just online people that go and start trying to find anything that has to do with anything. I mean, it just, whatever, if they don't like the song, they want figure out a way to prove their point. Right? Yeah. So this is a pro Lynch, that's where the pro lynching stuff came from. That's where all that stuff came from, was that, and it happened a hundred years ago. Like I would've never Right. Thought to go back and, and go through the, you know, history of that courthouse to make sure, I mean, and in the South, I mean, if, if I'm being honest, if you go to the south and find any sort of courthouse, you'd probably be hard pressed to find one that didn't have some sort racial issues at some point over the years.


That's right. I mean, that's, that's just is what it is. And, but anybody that thinks that we went out of our way to, to shoot a video there, to, you know, have some underlying meaning for the video is just, it's just ridiculous to me. What were you trying to say with the song? What was the message? I mean, I think for me it's just, you know, during covid and, and the election that followed that and, and all, all the stuff, I mean, it was just, I think for us, just looking at what was happening with the country and just, you know, it was just kind of in a, in a mess. We're dealing, I mean, I remember having our friends come over and sit across the driveway from us in lawn chairs. 'cause we didn't want to get, you know, closer than six feet from each other.


And it's just like, that kind of stuff was going on. I'm watching tv, people are burning our cities down. There's just tons of disrespect for our country, our police, for all that stuff, you know? And it just, to me was like crazy. It's like I'm living in this country. That's just not what it's supposed to be. Yeah. And I don't know, it was just like, I know that people saw it. I mean, it, it was obviously been a big conversation. You've talked about it a lot, just like the state of the country and those kind of things. But I don't know, I just think it was really eyeopening for me during that time to be like, what are we doing right now? Like, this is so crazy. And things that, I don't know, You can just have things that, that come up that are like, they're trying to normalize things to me that just aren't normal and, and that I don't see as normal, that have never been normal.


And to just try and force feed me that and go, no, but it is, it's normal that you have to accept this. It's like, no, I don't, like, I don't agree with that. I don't agree with, you know, men playing women's sports and those kind of, I, I will never agree with those kind of things. And if you're trying to make that normal, normal, to me, it's just never gonna be that. So, you know, when I start seeing stuff like that, it's just me going like, what are, what is going on right now? And I think that to me was kind of the, what, what lit the fuse for the song too. And just the whole thing. So just trying to say like, Hey, this is what I see and I don't know where I'm from. Like this just wouldn't be a thing. Like it, it just wouldn't go down like this. Well, 'cause there is a deeper truth.


It's not just you're from the south, obviously, but it's not just a regional thing, it's a matter of scale. Like certain kinds of behavior, anti-human antisocial, lunatic behaviors. Only possible in a big city actually. Yeah. Because if you do behave like that in a small town, people know you, you know them. Yeah. You get sniffed out pretty quick. Exactly. Yeah. And Why is that so offensive to say? I don't know. I think it's, you know, a lot of people took it as a threat. Oh, well that's a, you know, I heard all that stuff too. Oh, well it's a reference to sundown towns and all that kinda stuff. You know, it's like, you know, you're taking it as a threat or this or that. It's like, no, it's just like, you know, when you have stuff like that that goes on small towns, everybody knows everybody.


They look out for each other. They, you know, I mean, it just, that kind stuff just doesn't fly. And, and if it does, it gets called out pretty quick. Yep. And you know, it's not gonna be a, it may be a problem once, maybe twice, but that's gonna be about it. Like something's, you know, somebody's gonna get talked to or somebody's gonna get, you know, dealt with on that stuff. And it may be somebody meeting somebody in the back alley and just, you know, talking it out real well or whatever the case may, May. Well, you didn't see, I mean, the truth is you didn't see a lot of BLM riots in rural Wisconsin. No. You know, or South Georgia. No, it was all Big cities didn't Happen. Exactly. All big cities, you know, and that's, you know, and, and I don't think it's any big se secret. I mean, a lot of the bigger cities are, are more, especially if they're Democratic run cities or whatever.


I mean, they welcomed that stuff almost, of course, it seemed like, and, and it was just weird, man. The whole thing was weird. And, you know, and I still don't think that we're out of the woods by far, but it's, it seems like it's somewhat kind of settled down a little bit from what it was in 2020, at least. For sure. Well, 'cause the Democrats are in control, so they, they call their dogs back. Their militias are at home right now waiting for someone else to take charge so they can wreck the country again. But I mean, obviously the idea that they couldn't control that. Well they, Kamala Harris was sending them money, so Yeah. They weren't controlling it. Yeah, for sure. So what kind of response did you get from your fans to that song? You know, I think when you do something like that, I mean, I, I think there's gonna be a lot of, you know, there's probably gonna be a lot of people that were fans that don't like the fact that I stand for this or I say this and, you know, and they kind of peel off and that's fine.


You know, Did that happen? I'm sure it did. I mean, I, I don't know for sure, but I mean, I would assume law of averages means it probably did some, but I think also with that, you also have a lot of people that maybe were borderline fans or maybe weren't fans at all of a sudden go, man, I like that guy and you know, I, I stand by what he's saying too. And, and so what you lose, you kind of gain back. And, and you know, to me it's more, it's not, it's less about the fans and stuff like that and more about me being true to who I am and you know, being able to lay my head at that down at night, go to sleep. Yeah. Feeling like I did the right thing that day and that I did my part to, you know, raise my kids right. And, and do everything I'm supposed to be doing that day.


And as a public figure, not go out and be fake and tell people what they want to hear. It's like, you may not like what I have to say, but at least you're gonna know where I stand. And so I, I heard that song and the first person I thought of was Charlie Daniels, who I think had already died By. And I love Charlie. I could tell you dude, I love Charlie. He's, he passed away now, but, you know, he was definitely one of those guys that was like, you know, but The spirit was the same. Yeah. It's like you didn't have to like the guy, you were gonna respect him, you know, whether you liked him or not. You respected him and his respected his opinion and he tried to, you know, talk to you in a way that, you know, he wasn't talking down to you if you didn't think the way he did. It was a conversation. And, and I had a ton of respect for him and got a chance to, to know him really before he passed away.


And, and yeah, absolutely. And, and I think there's a lot of, a lot of similarities in, in his music in, in that song for us. And Well that was the fir I thought long-haired Country Boy was the first thing I thought of when I absolutely heard that tune. So, but Charlie Daniels, I mean he, you know, and Charlie Daniels politics kind of changed, but the spirit never changed. He was always anti-authority. He was always suspicious of the man, you know? Yeah. Going back even 50 years ago. But he was always celebrated, like no one ever called him names. No. Right. And, and he's a guy that, I think he just called it out. He called it the way he saw it. And you know, he just, you know, if he saw stuff going on in the world, he didn't like it in our country or whatever, he'd write a song about it, put it out there and yeah, you know, you like it or not, but here you go.


It's, you know, you're getting Charlie Daniels and I think, But there aren't too many more people like that left. There's Not, well, because I think a lot of times in the business you're, you know, it's almost like you're, I don't know, they want you to not step out and do those things. They don't want you to ruffle the waters a little bit. You know, they don't want the waters to be rippled a little bit because it's, they don't know how it's gonna affect your career, your fan base or whatever the case may be. And so I think it detours a lot of artists from going out and really being able to say what they wanna say. And, and a lot of times it's artists too. Artists are scared that if they go out and stick their neck out too far, that you know, they're gonna lose some fans or maybe not win some awards at an award show or something.


And you know, and if that's the case, listen, everybody's got their own right to do how do things, how they want to. And I just, that's just not how I operate. I mean, not to be mean. I know, you know, all these, you live in Nashville, you know, everybody of course 'cause they all live there. But kind of hard to call yourself an artist if you're afraid to express yourself. Right. Isn't, doesn't art require bravery to, I I feel like it does. You know, and that was kinda one of my arguments with the song. It's like, I'm an artist, like, you know, I'm not, you know, a political figure or a, the whatever. It's like, I'm an artist, I sing. So if I have, you know, I do my stuff through song and through Yeah. You know, shows and things like that versus getting on and, you know, you have a platform to do your thing and it's, it's killer and you're one of the best at it.


And, and for me, that's music. That's how I do my thing. And if there's something I wanna say, that's how, that's how you get it out there. And so, but I think, you know, there's a lot of artists that are, like I said, just, you know, whether it's from record companies or management, giving 'em, you know, what they think they should do or whatever the case may be. But I think a lot of people are, you know, just scared to step out. 'cause they're scared of losing fans. It's scared that it's gonna affect their live shows. They're not gonna make as much money or win an award here And there. I think it's starting to loosen up a little bit. You're starting to see, you know, guys not, not scared to, to step out and speak as much. I mean, there's been some in the country music world, you know, lately, some of the younger guys that are coming up that have been more that way, which is, which is good to see.


I've noticed that. Yeah. Yeah. And it, it's been, you know, I would say probably over the last two years probably for sure you, I've kind of noticed like, wow, it's all right. That guy, I see you over there. You know, guys like Cody Johnson or even Parker McCullum, who's a, a young guy coming up. I mean, those guys are out there and they're newer artists and, you know, it could affect them. And they're out there saying their piece and I'm like, all right, cool. They, we got some, some, some like-minded people now that aren't scared to, to go out and, and talk about it. Which is cool Since, without using names, but since you do obviously live there and know everybody, it's your business. You've been in it your whole life. Do people ever talk about this off camera? You know, the artist ever talk about just the Political Yeah, like, I want to say what I think, but I'm kind of afraid 'cause the label my manager for sure they do For sure.


Yeah. And you know, it's just, when you're running a business like that, I mean, it's just, there's a lot of money involved. There's a lot of People, you know, when you have an artist, there's a lot of people that underneath that artist that work for them a lot. So, so if they get hit, you know, something happens, you know, and I think a lot of people look at like the Dixie Chicks, that situation where, you know, the, the whole deal with Bush and they went over and talked about Bush came back and country was like, you know, country radio and all that. I mean, they just, it was done for them after that. And I think that is what a lot of artists look at. And it's like, man, well if I say something I could be, that could happen to me too, sort of thing. And, and I think that's one of the things that probably has deterred people over the years, especially in the country music world from speaking on things.


But I think, I just think it's a different time now. Yeah. I mean the, yeah, the Dixie Chicks, that was, that was an interesting thing. I mean, they weren't entirely wrong about the Iraq war, in my opinion, though. They were kind of annoying, I thought, but, but whatever. But a country artist should always be able to speak for America and normal people. That's the genre. Right? Exactly. I mean, that's our thing. I mean, the country music fan base is blue collar, you know, it's, yeah, it's the everyday American. It's not, you know, the everyday farmer, like those kind of people. It's like exactly's, you know, it's, it's not, and, and I mean, there are exceptions to the rule, of course. Well, I just mean like, overall and you know, I mean, country music is, is, you know, it's as tapped into the heartland as any, any type of music there is.


Definitely. And so, you know, I don't know. What I've noticed is, I think sometimes You can watch the news or, or listen to the media or whatever. And you know, there's times where it makes you feel like they make you feel like you're crazy. of course. And then you look and go, man, is it me? Like, am I crazy here? And you know, I think it's, you know, when you go out, for me, what I've seen is when I talk about things or, or say something or whatever, it's the amount of people that are like, thank you, you know, and they come to, to the defense of whatever's going on, or, or just agree and say, thank you, man, somebody's finally saying this. And, you know, and it, it's the blue collar people and, and they are the biggest country music fans.


And it's not why, you know, it's not like I chose that because, oh, well we can get more fans. 'cause country music fans are like this. It's like, man, that's just how I feel. And I just feel like I'm a pretty average everyday guy that, you know, same thing as everybody else, man. I'm trying to raise my kids, raise good kids, and provide for my family. And, you know, I have a lot of people that work for me. I try to take care of those guys. And I know that everything I say is under a microscope. Everything I do is under a microscope. And everything I do affect could affect everybody underneath me that works for me and my family and everything. But like I said, man, at the end of the day, I gotta be able to like lay down at night knowing that I'm doing my part and, and being true to who I am.


And, and that's, that's really, really important to me.


We've Told you before about Hallow, it is a great app that I am proud to say I use. My whole family uses. It's for daily prayer and Christian meditation, and it's transformative as we head into the start of school in the height of election season, you need it. Trust me, we all do. Things are gonna get crazier and crazier and crazier. Sometimes it's hard to imagine even what is coming next. So with everything happening in the world right now, it is essential to ground yourself. This is not some quack cure. This is the oldest and most reliable cure in history. It's prayer ground yourself in prayer and scripture every single day. That is a prerequisite for staying sane and healthy and maybe for doing better eternally. So if you're busy on the road headed to kids' sports, there is always time to pray and reflect alone or as a family, but it's hard to be organized about it. Building a foundation of prayer is gonna be absolutely critical as we head into November, praying that God's will is done in this country, and that peace and healing come to us here in the United States and around the world. Christianity obviously is attack under attack everywhere. That's not an accident. Why is Christianity the most peaceful of all religions under attack globally? Did you see the opening of the Paralympics? There's a reason because the battle is not temporal. It's taking place in the unseen world. It's a spiritual battle, obviously. So try Hallow, get three months completely free at hallow. That's hallow.com/tucker. If there's ever a time to get spiritually in tune and ground yourself in prayer, it's now Hallow will help. Personally and strongly and totally sincerely recommended hallow.com/tucker,


The price of ground beef has doubled in recent years, and the average quality has gone down With beef imports hitting over 4 billion pounds just last year. Good ranchers.com is your solution. Stop paying more for less. Get the most out of every meal with 100% American meat delivered to your door with amazing steaks, chicken, pork, and wild caught seafood sourced exclusively from local US farms. You can enjoy America's best without the inflated price tag@goodranchers.com. Save $25 on any box right now with code Tucker. Plus, during Good Ranchers presidential sale, you get to pick a free cut of meat for the next four years. That's free salmon, bacon, chicken, breasts, or ground beef in every box until 2028. Support American Farms, ranches and veterans with every purchase. $25 off and free meat for the next four years. With codeTucker@goodranchers.com. American Meat Delivered


America, we are endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights, life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. By honoring your sacred vocation of nursing, you impact your family, your friends, and your community. At Grand Canyon University, our online RN to B-S-N-M-S-N or DNP degree programs allow you to balance online coursework with local, in-person clinical practicum or immersion hours. Find your purpose at GCU, private Christian, affordable visit gcu.edu.


I asked your tour manager, how many people go on tour with you? 72. What's this number? Wow. Yeah, it's a lot, man. It's Like an invading army. Yeah, It's grown over the years though. You know, it's like you start and you know, you're on. When we first started we were on one bus. I think there was eight or nine of us on a bus. And that was my first, you know, time going out on the bus. It was me, my band. I had a tour manager and maybe two crew guys that, that ran with us. And you know, then it's like you go to two buses and all of a sudden you got 15 people out there and then you go to three buses and there's, you know, 20. And then, you know, it just kind of keeps growing. And next thing you know, I mean, we're 19 years into this thing now too. So how many Buses now?


Six or eight, something like that. And then there's eight trucks or something. So it's, it's still, it's still a pretty big operation, but we've, we've even dialed it down to what it, what it once was. I think on the night train tour we had like 12 trucks and, I dunno, 10 buses or something. So it was, it was wild. But it, but yeah, it's, we're in a good place now and you know, we got a lot of people that work for us and it's been, it's grown, you know, over the years and, and kind of become a family out there. It's my extended family on the road and, and it's, you spend a lot of time with those guys. Hell, more time with them sometimes than I do my own family. Yeah. So you get tight Parked right outside overnight? Yeah, right here, right outside our barn. I pulled up this morning there. It was, what's that doing here?


So your wife who was just here with us for lunch, what a sweet person. She's not a public figure really, but she came out and made a public statement about the lunatic gender mania stuff Yeah. And really got hammered for it. Yeah, well, you know, and I think, you know, my wife is very outspoken, you know, and she's very, I don't know, very firm in her beliefs. And, and you know, I can tell, and it's, it's tough, man. It's like, you know, you're trying to raise kids. Like we have a five and 6-year-old, I have a 21-year-old and a, a 17-year-old as well, you know, and it's like, but you're trying to raise kids in an era.


And we were talking about it earlier where, you know, you're trying to make things normal to me that aren't normal. And, you know, and I think when she said that, you know, it was just like, you know, there's a certain group of people that are gonna, I, I feel like there's people that are gonna take offense to everything these days, no matter what you say. Yeah. And obviously she said that there's, you know, people jumped all over that. But I mean, you know, I agree with her. I mean, I, I feel like listen, you know, if you wanna be trans or do those kind of things, like whatever, it's like if you're an adult and can make those decisions, and you're old enough to have the mentality to know what you're doing and know what that looks like for the rest of your life, that's one thing.


If you're as a kid, your parents are already instilling that in you and like all this stuff and letting, allowing you to do those things before you're of age to do, like, you can't even vote until you're 18. Like why should you be able to do that? You know? Or drink a beer until you're 21. But You can change your, like, it's just weird to me. And I think if somebody wants to do that and they're old enough to make that decision, Hey, doesn't, doesn't affect my life, whatever. But you can't try to make that normal to everybody. Like it's just a, now it's just like, you know, a puppy. Like it's just, it just is what it is, you know? It's just not like that. So your wife's point was if you're promoting castration and gender confusion to children, that's evil.


Yeah. I mean That's, I don't really see that there's much debate about that, but nor Do I, but like I said, these days it doesn't matter what you say. I mean, you know, that's the thing. Everybody's gonna have different views on things, and I'm very wary of that. And that's fine. I mean, I, I feel like people can have their views. It's, it's, it's whatever. And I feel like you're free to talk about it, but don't be mad when I give you my, my opinion on it too. Right. You know what I mean? And I think that's where You can think that's okay all day long. I'm never going to You can talk to me till you're blue in the face. It's never gonna change my opinion as far as that goes on certain things. And I mean, I, you know, there's certain things I agree with, certain things I don't on both sides of, of all that stuff.


Sure. And so, but if it's something that, to me that's a, that's kind of a common sense thing. It's A little asymmetrical though, because you're saying, as I often say, I, you know, you do, you do your thing and that's fine. I'll leave you alone. If it doesn't affect me, it doesn't affect me. Right. And I do do What you want. That's the kind of traditional American attitude. That's not their attitude all. But don't Shove it down my throat and try to make it normal like that, like normalize things to me that just aren't like, it's like you're trying too hard to, to get me to be like, I don't know, it's just, It's weird to me. But they are working to shove it down your throat for sure. You have no interest in shoving it down their throat or even seeing their throat. I don't Care. Like, you know, like I do what you'd wanna do. I don't Did that cause You any problems, like internally in Nashville?


Were you at, you know, dinners or award shows or at the Ryman and other artists come up and say, I just disagree with you? Never to my face ever. Never. Now they may bark in the media or do whatever and, you know, throw a tweet up or whatever. But never once has anybody come to me and, and had a conversation like that. What Would you say the breakdown is among artists, you know, in Nashville? Like what percentage would agree with you and what percentage wouldn't? I don't know. I mean, that's kind of hard. I mean there's, you know, I definitely think there's a couple different groups of artists types in Nashville. You know, certain people kind of stick together and run together and certain people stick together and run together over here and you know, so I don't know.


I mean, I know, I know the people that I hang with and the people that, you know, I'm close to and kind of where they stand on things. And I also know the ones that probably feel the other way. And Is that a big group? I don't know. I mean, it's hard to put a number on it just because I feel like it's camps. It's like, you know, this per this artist and that manager and their whole camp and whatever, and then these guys and that camp. And so you just kind of know. I mean, it's, it's hard to put a number on it, but like I said, I mean, I know, you know, I hang out with my guys who are, you know, it never comes up. It's never really a thing. And if it is, you know, we're easily on the same page, but you find the ones that maybe don't agree with you as much, they sort of keep their distance, which is fine.


I'd actually probably prefer that Actually. Sounds like a really good plan. Yeah. What do you think of Trump? I love Trump, man. I do. Yeah. You know, and, and he, how Did you end up knowing Trump? So we ended up getting invited to New Year's at Mar-a-Lago one year. And I think it was, you know, we had kind of started to become vocal about it. And honestly when he got, when he ran in 2016, I mean, I was not political at all. I wasn't, didn't really get into it, didn't really understand it a whole lot. Didn't pay much attention to it. And, but I did think it was cool that here's this guy that is really not a politician. And at the time you had a, you know, all the a-list stars were going, oh, Trump's running for president.


They were all excited and almost kinda like, it was a joke a little bit. And, and then he won. And I don't think anybody thought he would win. And for the next eight years it's been nothing. But trying to just like slander this guy, get him out, you know, and, and just all the stuff you watch him deal with in the media. And, and to me it was just, I don't know, we just kind of started speaking out about that stuff and, and how we felt about it. And we got invited to Mar-a-Lago for New Year's. Had you met him before? I'd never met him. Never talked to him, never met him. Went up there, he invited me to play golf with him that morning. And so I went and had breakfast with him, played golf, came back, had lunch, and then saw him at the thing and just kind of hit it off.


I mean, you've been around him, you know? He is, he's a, you know, he is a guy's guy, man. You talked to him about sports or like, whatever the case is. Oh yeah, yeah. And he is just a, he's a cool guy. And so I just kind of hit it off with him and kept in touch with him over the, you know, last few years and try to see him what I can, you know, down in Florida, we lived down there part of the time, which is only, you know, I don't know, probably 45 minutes from Mar-a-Lago over there. So, you know, it kind of started like that. It was like, we had no intentions of, of getting political or any of those things. It just kind of happened. And then, you know, with all the election stuff, like I said, the last eight years, just watching what happened and going through 2020, the election stuff and the B-L-B-L-M stuff and the Covid vaccine and the, all those things.


It's just like, man, you're just watching all this stuff go down, like what is going on right now? It's crazy. And so I think obviously having little kids made us get a little more involved. Yeah. And started paying attention to what was happening. And it's like, man, I just, you know, my thing is I don't, I don't vote for, and this is true, I don't vote for the person. Like, as much as people may say that's a lie or whatever, you know, for me it's like, which one of these groups is gonna take the country in the direction that I feel like it should be taken for my family and my kids and like their future and those kind of things. And to me, that's what I base it on. And I feel like personally for me, that's him. And so, you know, it just, it just kind of became a thing, but it was never, you know, I mean, 10 years ago, man, I couldn't have talked to you about any politics at all.


I'd be like, I don't know. You know, it just was never really, 'cause it didn't seem like it mattered. Well, it just felt like, you know, the country was doing what it does. I mean, it, it'd kind of go through its periods of whatever, but it was never crazy. It was still, you know, economy will go up and down and those kind of things, but it wasn't just like a complete shit show. You know what I'm saying? And then all of a sudden when that happened, it was like, wow, we got little kids and I'm like, man, I gotta send my kid to school. And you know, it's like we're talking about like the transgender stuff and it's like, what do I do if he comes home? It's like, man, there's a girl in my class that's a boy or a b you know, it's like, that's hard to explain to a five or 6-year-old. Yes. And people out there can say it doesn't happen.


That's a lot. It's happening in elementary schools. I know for a fact. 'cause it's happened around places where we live and in Tennessee. Yeah, man. And it's just like, you know, I don't know, to me that's just one of those things where it's like, I don't wanna have to explain those kind of things to a five-year-old who doesn't get it And, and shouldn't have to do that. No. And shouldn't have to, I shouldn't have to explain that to him. So that's kind of where, where I'm at on it. And, but it's those kind of things that made me kinda step up a little bit more than, than I had in the past. Was there any downside to being, you know, seen with Trump saying nice things about Trump? Again, you're always gonna have people that, you know, there's, somebody's gonna bitch about something.


Yeah. I mean, that's just the way it is. And, but I think until, you know, I finally just came to conclusion of like, man, you know, I think I'm right. I just think I'm on the right side of this. And like, you know, I have a platform to be able to go out and, and say stuff. I mean, there's other artists and actors and actresses and you know, all these other, other celebrities that'll get on talk shows and all this stuff. And they'll go to the DC, they'll run Trump down, you know, right there on live TV or Kathy Griffin holding up a Trump head that looked like he cut his head off. You know, all that stuff's okay. You know, they don't, nobody says shit about that. But, you know, we start talking out about things and, and all of a sudden they're appalled.


Right. So, but I, you know, to me I just feel like I'm on the right side of it and it's like, man, if you agree with me, cool. And if you don't, that's cool too. I mean, it's not gonna, you know, it's not gonna affect the way I, you know, view things or, or what I say or how I feel, or I mean, I don't know. It's just, it's a wild time. Were you surprised to see country stars at the Democratic Convention? No. I mean, I don't think so. I, I didn't watch it really. So I don't really know who was there, but I'm not surprised. I mean, there's definitely that group that, you know, is more, more aligns that way and, you know, more power to 'em. Like if, if you wanna do that and you think that's a good look for you and that's what you support, by all means, go do it.


I mean, it's like anything, it's like with me doing it, it's like, you know, get ready for the consequences, whatever that is, good or bad. Just know that, you know, there's, there may be some and if you're good with that, then go do what you wanna do. Yeah. I live out your conscience. I agree with that completely. So when, when you came out with try that in a small town, it got pulled right from Country music television, CMT. Yeah. What happened? I mean, we basically sent them, so they get a heads up on the video, we send that to them before it ever airs on tv. You know, it's like anything, they look at all the videos coming in, oh, we're gonna add this one, we're gonna add that one. And then they put it in the rotation.


So they put in the rotation, the song starts doing its thing, then the song starts getting a lot of, a lot of heat and a lot of the, you know, the racist, the racial stuff started coming up into play. Well, CMT immediately pulled it, just To be clear, the song had nothing to do with race. No. But the narrative that was getting put out at the time by everybody when the song came out and ESP especially, it wasn't really the song as much as the video. The video. So when the video came out, 'cause the Video had a portion shot in front of a courthouse in front of which, a hundred years ago there was some racial murder. Yes. And among other things, I mean, there was other stuff in there, you know, they, people didn't like that the BLM clips were in there or like those kind of things. Oh, okay. You know, there was a lot of, well, the BLM stuff was in there, but you didn't put the January 6th stuff in there.


And I'm like, you, I mean, it's just like a, like Your own video. Right. I was like, it's my video, so shut up. So anyway, but no, I mean, they, they pulled the video and did They give you warning? No, they just, they pulled it and then the thing was they pulled it and they could have just pulled it and been quiet about it and it would've, you know, just kind of flew under the radar. But when they pulled it, they put out a press release letting everybody know that they pulled it and kind of disassociated with the video or whatever the case may be. And that was what it, everybody was like, whoa, what's going on? And went and checked it out. And then some people were like, I don't get it. You know, I don't, I don't understand what the drama's about.


And then other people are like, you know, oh, I see it, I see what he is talking about. So I mean, you know, at that point you're gonna see what you want to, who Made that decision? Do you know, To pull it? Yeah, I don't know. That would've been the, somebody, it seemed the powers to be at CMT, probably somebody out of the main office. Probably not somebody in Nashville, but more somebody that, that really is the string puller and oversees all that stuff. But it made the song even bigger By far by, and it was something that we didn't know that was gonna happen. You know, it's like, Hey, here's our new single, here's a video. I thought it was really cool. You, I don't know, you probably remember this. You remember the Billy Joel video or the song?


We didn't start the fire. of course. Yeah. So the video was all that stuff. The Berlin Wall coming down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Exactly. And all this, you know, and really it was kind of that, it was like, that was sort of the video that I wanted to make was like a, you know, that kind of thing. A montage that right. Evokes that period. Like 2020 was an amazing Current events Horrifying year. Yeah. Like The state of the country, here's what happened. Yes, this is it, this is it In a three minute nutshell And. so that was the idea. And, and so I was actually proud of it, man. I was super proud of the video to this day, I think it's one of the, probably the best video we've ever done. And, and so I was really excited for it. And so when they pulled it, it was kind of a deflating, I'm like, man, really? Like people are accusing us of this and you guys are just pulling.


And we've had a long relationship with CMT over the years. I mean, I've had some big moments in my career with them. They've been a big part of helping launch my career early on with videos and those kind of things. And so, you know, it was a little bit of a slap in the face for me. And nobody called you From, I mean, somebody in the camp, you know, they would call like my publicist or somebody in the camp, but you know, not me directly. And I got a call from management going, all right, CM T's pulling it. And then they put the press release out and that's what made everybody want to go and look at it and figure out what the big deal was. And it just, from then on, man, it was just, it was on fire.


I haven't always been proud of the companies that have advertised on shows have had over the years, but now that we have our own company, we decided, well, we're only gonna take ads from people we like and agree with and admire. So it is with actual pride that we announce partnership with Bass Pro shops, you know, bass Pro shops, You can get everything you need for hunting, fishing, enjoying the outdoors at Bass Pro. And we do, what you might not know is if for over 50 years, bass Pro has been a leader in conservation efforts throughout the continent. Bass Pro is led by our friend Johnny Morris. He's the visionary founder, visionary is not too strong by the way of that company. And he's put conservation at the core of their mission from the very first day. And by conservation, we're not talking about some weird theoretical climate scheme. We're talking about preserving the natural landscape, preserving the land, the natural resources that we inherited, created by God. So for the last decade, bass Pro is average giving back more than 10% of their earnings to conservation and advancing their mission. A critical mission of introducing people to the outdoors, getting them away from screens into God's great nature, advocating for the rights of sportsmen and conserving wildlife and habitat, which is essential if you hunter fish, you know. So customers were invited to round up their purchases in store and online to support Bass Pro shops and Cabela's Outdoor Fund, which gets invested directly with conservation projects and organizations in the communities they serve. It's all real. So rounding up that little bit of pocket change adds up over time, particularly with a big company like Bass Pro. And it makes a big difference. So stop into your nearest Bass Pro shops for Cabela's to gear up for all your outdoor pursuits, hunting, fishing, being outside. And while you're there, we recommend rounding up for conservation.


Hey everyone, it is Ryan Seacrest here, ready to heat up your summer vacation. Get ready. Things are about to get sizzling at Chumba Casino your summer, getting a whole lot hotter with a special daily login bonus waiting just for you. So sign up now for reels of fun and reels of prizes right here at Chumba Casino with yours. Truly join me@chumbacasino.com and dive into a summer of social casino fun sponsored By Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary v GW Group void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


So something that I hesitate even to ask you about, but I feel like I have to, you were performing in Las Vegas during the biggest mass shooting in American history, and I didn't know until today when we were talking off air, first of all, like how, I mean, your bus got shot up. Yeah, yeah. I didn't know that. I don't somehow, yeah, There was, you know, there was a lot of details about that stuff that there was probably details about that a lot of people don't know. But yeah, it was a wild night, man. My wife was eight months pregnant with our son who was in here earlier than you met. Yeah, good boy. And you know, it was a scary time, man. It's like, went out to play a show like I always do, and you know, you expect to go out there for an hour and a half, two hours, get done, come back, hang out with your guys and get on the plane or bus or whatever it is, and go home.


And, you know, that night was just a different story and it was just a, a weird deal. You know, something that a lot of the guys in my camp, my crew and stuff, I mean, it kind of messed a lot of people up for a while, just kind of going through that stuff and, and you know, a lot of the guys that were with me been with me for 15 years plus some of 'em been with me for 19 years. And so, you know, it was tough, man. It was a tough thing to go through. And I was telling you like before, you know, the toughest part was going through all that. And then you get home and you're watching the news trying to figure out, all right, well why did this guy do this? Like what was the re what was his reasoning and why this show? And you know, he never really got any answers on any of that stuff.


And, and still to this day, like we don't really know much about it. I just, you know, you go and see the aftermath after it happened, you know, there's bullet holes in the front of my bus and in the side, my band bus, the windows got shot out of the band bus. My bass player who was on stage to me, one of my best friends in the world for the last 25 years was standing next to me, you know, had a bullet lodged in the base he was playing at the time. So Bullet hits the base he's got on at the time playing. And so, yeah, I mean, there was some close calls for that stuff. Wow. And a lot of stuff that, you know, I hadn't, I've never really gone way into detail about a lot of it, but it's, it was, it was a wild night.


I just don't, we, I attempted to get to the bottom of that over a couple of month period. Yeah. I got pretty fixated on it. I'd made no headway at all. Yeah. But I wasn't there. I mean, it wasn't my show that got shot up in the biggest mass shooting in American history. Hundreds and hundreds of people shot. Yeah, It was, it was wild man. You know, and I went, you know, I remember after that, it was like a couple days later, you know, we, we got home and we were still kind of shellshocked, I bet from all of it. And Lauren Michaels had called me and wanted us to come do Saturday Night Live. And I was like, man, I don't know. Like, it's like we had shows scheduled that weekend that we went ahead and canceled. It was like, man, none of us wanted to play, so let's just take a weekend.


Let's try and get it together. All of our gear was still sitting on the stage in Vegas, so we couldn't even play a show if we wanted to. What Do you mean on like, literally on The stage? Literal, I mean, I took my guitar off, laid it on stage that night of the shooting, and it stayed right there in that spot for two weeks while the FBI went out and, you know, did the crime scene and all the stuff. So we didn't have guitars to play. And Lorne Michaels called us and wanted us to come do Saturday Night Live, do a cold opening and all the stuff. And I said, man, listen, I, you know, I got some stuff to say and if you'll let me do, you know, don't, I don't want you guys writing stuff for me to, to talk about or say or whatever. Let me write it and say what I wanna say.


And Tom Petty had died when we were flying home the next day. Tom Petty, we got the news, he had died on the flight home. And so I was like, man, just a crappy week. I was a big Tom Petty fan. And, and so I was like, man, if you'll just let me say what we wanna say and, and kind of play a song for Petty and just like tie all the stuff in. Like, it's just been a, been a rough week, you know? And so Lauren told me that was fine, I could do what I wanted. And so we went up there and called all the guys, got everybody rallied up and, and went up there and, and played a show. And I'll say this, I mean, that, that crew and everybody that was on that show was really, really cool to us that day.


And like very welcoming and stuff, which was, which was really needed I think, for us at the time. So they, they helped us a lot to kind of get over that hurdle a little bit, to, to get back and start playing and know that, you know, we had to pick up and keep, keep moving. We had a tour to finish. We had another like four to six weeks left of the tour to go out and finish after that happened, which was, which was tough. So we did that and then came home and just kind of shut everything down for about six, seven months and went underground pretty, pretty good for a while and let every, my son was born during that time, so, you know, I got to come home. He was born, which kind of helped take my mind off of it and stuff. So it was, it was a wild time. How many conversations, interviews did you have with the FBI?


I didn't have any. You didn't have any? I didn't have that. I remember. I don't think I had any. But you were? I didn't, but they, I, I didn't, I mean, there I didn't know much. I might have talked to 'em one time. I mean, I was on stage. I thought we had a blown speaker, no clue what was going on. And so it wasn't until I got off stage and, and took my, you know, we wear wear ear monitors and so I can't really hear anything except my band. And so I, I just heard something, sounded like it was cracking, but it was the gun going off. It just didn't, it was coming through the microphones and it just sounded weird, but I didn't know what it was. And so we got off stage and I took those out and I heard him shoot again and that's when I knew what was going on. I had no idea until I got off stage.


So he shot for almost 25 minutes, as I remember correctly. It was a long time. It felt like an hour. So I don't know. I don't know. I don't know how long it actually was, but it felt like a long time. Where Were you during that? So I came off side stage and like I said, my wife was eight months pregnant, so the first thing I get up there and she was there. Yeah, she was talking to some friends, like up, you know, kind of actually closer to Mandalay where he was at. And, and I just came off and when I took my ear, my headphones out, I was like, first thing I said was, where's, where's Brit? And one of my guys goes, I'm going to get her. And he went down the thing and as he was going down the steps to go get her, she was coming up. So he got her, brought her over there to where I was at.


And we just kind of hunkered down for a while. And I kept noticing the guy would shoot and then he, you know, there'd be like a little break where I guess he was going to a different window or whatever he was doing. And, and so I just told her, I said, the next time he stops like that, get up and start moving, we're going to the bus. And so she got up and started heading to the bus and we got about halfway there and he started shooting again. And I just, she kind of froze up and I grabbed her, took her to the bus, got in the back of the bus and just kind of hunkered down back there. And so, but even while we were on there, I mean the front of my bus took, I don't know, three or four rounds. The side took three or four rounds or whatever it was. So I mean, it was, it was, it was crazy.


The reason I ask about the FBI is that you may not have special knowledge, but it was your show. Yeah. You open fire on your show, the Jaine show. So you're kind of by definition a central part of the story. Yeah, I mean, but I don't, and I could have it wrong. I mean it was, I was a little bit in a daze back then when all that stuff was going on. Yeah. I don't recall them talking to me that I remember, but I also remembered going like, I don't really have anything to tell you. It just sounded weird. And then there were shooting and I was just trying to get my pregnant wife somewhere and get her safe. Like I had no idea where the guy was at. We thought he was on the ground backstage, so we thought he was, you know, just backstage walking around, mowing people down.


That's what I thought. That's why I was like, get up, let's get on the bus and at least, you know, get locked in there and to, you know, I got some stuff on the bus that will like, at least, you know, even somewhat of an even playing field, you know, 'cause I mean we just didn't know what was happening. I didn't know the guy was, have 60 stories up or whatever in a hotel. We had no idea. So, you know, it was just, it was just trying to piece all that stuff together. And I really didn't have any information for him, honestly. I'm like, man, I was playing, this happened. I came off stage. Next thing I saw was, you know, trying to get off the bus and k get everybody outta there to, to get 'em somewhere safe. We didn't know what was happening. I was watching the news on my bus trying to figure out what was going on.


So Even those, I was living it in real time. I was waiting on the news to tell me what was happening. 'cause I had no idea. But did the FBI ever have information for you? Maybe, but I mean it, they never called me about it. I mean, they may have talked to somebody like in my crew, like a, you know, one of my guys or something. But I, I never got any information as to like the why or, you know, what the motive was or any of those kind of things From Anyone, from anywhere, from anybody. So that just seems like one of these moments in American history, that was a big deal. Yeah, for sure. Hundreds of people shot, you know, if we're gonna be honest, most of them Trump voters and maybe all of them really.


And we just sort of blew past it. If you think about all the time the media spend, you know, in this very lurid way, reliving school shootings and here's the biggest shooting in American history, and it's sort of never talked about again. And there's no even plausible motive. No one offers any motive at all. Yeah. Or any information about Stephen Paddock who supposedly or apparently did this. What is that? I dunno. It was weird. And you know, when you go through something like that, it's, you know, you're kind of trying to figure out like, man was was I supposed to be the target of this thing? Yeah. Was it just an act of some guy just being evil and just wanting to do damage to just whoever?


Like, you don't really know what it is. Well, exactly. And so you get home and you're watching going, all right, well FBI's on this and these guys will figure it out and you'll get some answers. And it's like, it just never happened. And so for a lot of people that went through it, it was the like, why us? Like, why, why did that happen to, why did he pick our show to do that? You know, but, and you Still have no idea, Still have no answers for that. But, but I will say, man, I'm really proud of my guys, you know, everybody that, that went through that, you know, to, to kind of Saddleback up and have to go out and, and continue a tour and, you know, it wasn't easy. You know, it wasn't easy to go out and you're playing and you're playing amphitheaters and it's wide open and it's just like, man, it's just, it, it can be a little unnerving sometimes.


Do you Think the government was totally straightforward about what happened and why? I don't know. I just find it odd that they, you know, can solve all these crazy crimes and all this stuff. And here's a guy that committed one of the biggest crimes in our country, and it's like we just, we got nothing. You know, there's no computer, no. You know, his, he had a girlfriend or something or whatever it was, and he had sent her to wherever he sent her with some money. And, you know, it was just a weird thing. And I'm like, we never got any, any sort of anything. I mean, it was just never anything that made you go, oh, okay. I see that. I see. And how do you get thousands of rounds of rifle ammunition up to a top floor in a casino hotel?


A bunch of suitcases apparently. I don't know. I mean, he, I remember that they had video of 'em coming in with, you know, big suitcases, full of gun, well obviously full of guns now, but making multiple trips up the el elevator and through the lobby with these big suitcases and getting up to his room. And so, you know, I don't know. I know, I know what everybody else knows, which is, you know, I just think it's weird what we got from, from the news. Yeah. NBC news. Yeah. And they have nothing. Yeah. You Visited victims in the hospital? I did. So we played, we did Saturday Night Live, that was on Saturday, obviously. And then as soon as that was over left and flew back to Vegas, which was a, I think a week to the day of the shooting, and just went in there and went to the hospital and started making the rounds, man, just going in, seeing, you know, all the people that were in there, you know, some of them had like, you know, a leg wound or a whatever, and then some of them had been shot in the head and like their families were in there like not knowing.


And it just sucks, man. It was like, you guys were at my show, like, you guys came to hear our show and that's why you're here, you know, like this. And it just, it was, it was a lot for me to process, you know? And I think that was so one of the first things I think for me where it, it took me outta being this, you know, this guy that was just having fun on the road, playing, living this great life and doing my thing or whatever. It's like, you know what, man, this is bigger than all this stuff. Like, this is a big, big deal. And you know, I had a lot of people that worked for me that were sort of looking to me going, what do we do now? You know, where do we go from here? And, you know, it's kinda like a lead by example sort of thing.


And I'm like, you know, so that was the first time for me that I really had to kind of step up and be the boss. Yeah. So to speak. And, and I think it was good. It was a good thing as far as that goes. It was good for me. I think it, it kind of made me grow up a little bit, you know, Even those, I, I was already fully grown at the time. It still helped me to, I think maturity level wise, it was like really good for me. As sad as it was. And as you know, it was just like, man, this is, this is a big deal. And going to the hospital, seeing those guys and, and just, you know, you start hearing stories from everybody and it was heartbreaking, man. I hated it. I hated that happened. And, and like you said, just to never have any reason for it or, or get any closure on what that was all about.


Has, you know, it's just kind of been annoying and, you know, it just wild that we can do all, we can put a guy on the moon. We can't figure that out. Like, I Assume we put A guy out. Assume I knew you were gonna say that. I knew you were gonna say that. I don't know. I'm reassessing everything. What Do you think of if in fact, we did, who knows? What do You think of Gavin Newsom? Not a fan. You're not a fan? No, No. You didn't Even hesitate before rendering that judgment. Well, I mean, I just think you, you know, that's the thing where you just look at Cal the state of California. I think it just speaks for itself. Yeah. You know, I, I've, I've been to California a lot and there's some great people out there, man, big country music fans, a lot of people that are out there that don't agree with his policies and everything, but it's like their families are out there and, you know, they've built lives out there and they don't wanna leave the, the state just because of this guy, you know?


So I just think, you know, I think what he is done to California is not good. And I would hate to see that the rest of the country look like that. Well, I mean, his friend is running for president on the Democratic side. Yeah. Well, there you go. The big tech companies censor our content. I hate to tell you that it's still going on in 2024. But you know what? They can't censor live events. And that's why we are hitting the road on a fall tour for the entire month of September coast to coast. We'll be in cities across the United States. We'll be in Phoenix with Russell Brand, Anaheim, California with Ave Rames, Swami Colorado Springs with Tulsi Gabbard, salt Lake City, with Glen Beck, Tulsa, Oklahoma with Dan Bonino, Kansas City, with Megan Kelly Wichita, with Charlie Kirk Milwaukee with Larry Elder Rosenberg, Texas, with Jesse Kelly Grand Rapids with Kid Rock, Hershey, Pennsylvania with JD Vance, Reding, Pennsylvania, with Alex Jones, Fort Worth, Texas with Roseanne Barr Greenville, South Carolina with Marjorie Taylor, green, sunrise, Florida with John Rich Jacksonville, Florida with Donald Trump Jr.


You can get tickets at Tucker Carlson dot com. Hope to see you there. So you, you publicly went after Gavin Newsom? Yeah, I don't think I went after him. I just, you know, I just highly disagree with the guy, you know what I mean? I just, you know, I got a lot of friends that have come from California and that's why they left, you know, and you know, this man, I mean, when all that stuff was happening in 2020, I mean, drove, people are leaving by, in droves coming to Florida.


Yeah. And tennis Nashville and all that stuff. And you know, and they're getting outta that. 'cause they don't, they don't wanna be there and live under that man. And, and so I'm just, just not a fan. Do you think in the end that he's winning Gavin Newsom and people like Gavin Newsom or you and people like you are winning? Like, are we becoming, is the country gonna be more like California or more like we're you grew up? I hope it's more like I grew up, you know, like I said, I mean there's parts of California that are great, man. I mean, oh for sure. You know, there's really cool parts of California, but I think, you know, when people think of California, they go to la you know, they, they think of la, San Diego, those kind of places.


And I don't know who's been to LA lately, but it's not a sexy town anymore, you know what I mean? It's, no, not At all. It's A, it's not good at all. And It's like Chlamydia town now. Yeah. It's, it's rough man. And it's just like, that's such, that could be such a great city and it is a great city. It Was a great city. Yeah. The greatest. And it's just like to watch like what they've done to it out there and, and it's just lack of, I mean they just, I don't know. I don't, I don't know what it is, but it's just, it's not what it should be. And, and I just look at like, dude, you got, you got one state to handle and clearly that's not working out for you. So like the last thing I want you to have to do is handle all the states. You know what I'm saying?


I mean like one, it feel, I feel like you got your hands full with one. It's been such a disaster that you'd think people would say, look, it's not even a political question. It's not Republican or Democrat or Gavin Newsom versus anyone else. It's like, we don't wanna live in squalor, right. Where people are getting murdered and shoplifting is legal and all that stuff. But which, That's the craziest one to me. The shoplifting thing. Legalizing theft. Yeah. Oh, just, well if, if he's got under however much, you know, 500 bucks, you can't stop him. I'm like, says who? Like, what do you mean? Well, you Get arrested if you try and stop him. I will. I mean, you know, I mean like, that's crazy to me that that's even a thing. It's like, I mean, what do you do?


Like tally up his items before he leaves to, to figure out if You can stop him or not. Like that's the stupidest thing I've ever seen in my life. But that's a prime example of just like, what are we doing? Like what now anymore? It's okay to steal, as long as you're not stealing too much. It's never okay to steal. It's disgusting. Well, It used to be that way, but now it's fine as long as you're not stealing over $500. So, but Like, do you think that people are gonna, the country will go back to sanity or will it get increasingly insane? I don't know, man. I, I feel like, you know, time always has a way of, I don't know, it's like that old thing of like, things always kind of come back in style, you know what I mean? It's like if you wear a certain pair of pants long enough, they're gonna come back and style.


And I hope that that's kind of what Yeah, I tested that. Yeah, same. But I, you know, I hope that's it, you know, I hope at some point, like, you know, clear heads prevail and people are like, man, listen all across the board, it's like whatever we're doing here is is not working and it's just, it's a mess. And so until, you know, everybody kinda gets on the same page, stops pushing their own agendas for their own parties and their own stuff. Like I, it's, I don't see it getting better. So I hope it does because I feel like how I grew up, you know, I mean, I was born in 77, kind of a kid of the eighties, you know, the eighties were awesome, man. Got to ride your bikes all over the place. Oh yeah. And you played outside and you know, you didn't worry about And, there was stuff going on.


I mean, there was, you know, cold war and all that stuff kinda stuff going on or whatever, but was that what it was in the eighties with the, I I think That's what they called it. Yeah. Yeah. And so, you know, you always had that stuff going on and I remember laying in b as a kid going, man, is there gonna be a Russian rocket come through my window tonight? You know, so, you know, there's always been those kind of things, but you know, I just think our country man, like what it was founded on, the beliefs and everything else and, and what we stand for as a country has just been kinda lost. I don't know, I just feel like we're off track somehow. Is Trump gonna win? Yeah. I mean, I hope so. You know, hell, I thought he was gonna win in 22, but Yeah.


What happened there In 20? Yeah, I don't know. I think from my standpoint there was a lot of, you know, it's never taken us that long to figure out who our president was. Yeah. So there was a lot of stuff going on, you know, in Georgia you had a water main break. Yeah. And then it just weird, it broke Election night. Yeah. It was just, it was just those kind of things over and over and then, you know, so you know, whether there was ballot dumping or whatever you wanna call it going on during that time or not. I think to the average person out there, it looked shady. It looked like, you know, wait, Trump's in the lead and then all of a sudden water mains break, well let us count all these votes.


And then all of a sudden Trump stays here and, and Biden, you know, overtakes him. It's like, how is that possible? You know? I think there was a lot of that kind of stuff going on, which is why a lot of people questioned it and, you know, so I, I don't know. I think, like I said, I mean I'm obviously a supporter of Trump. I, I like, you know, do I think he can be brash sometimes and, and say some things that, you know, he probably could have a little bit better of a bedside manner. Sure. I'll give you that. That's fair. At the end of the day, I don't really care if he hurts your feelings or not. As long as like, as a country, we're moving in the right direction. The economy's great, you know, there's jobs for people when people are working and making money and there's jobs created.


I mean, it's just a fact. There's less crime, there's less, all those things. People aren't having to steal for money and, and, you know, feed their families or do whatever. There's less of that because they're working, they're making money, they're doing well. And I just, you know, I saw that when he was in office and you know, that's what I, one of the reasons I'm a supporter of his, I just like the direction that I feel like he would take us. Yeah. So you're confident he could win again? Well, yeah, I mean, I think you go and look, I mean it, there's no, have you ever seen support for president? I mean, have you ever seen an army of support for president? No. Like with him, I've never seen that. I mean, not in, not in my life.


I don't Think I saw any Joe Biden signs in 2020. And then in the end he wound up with more votes as a senile man who could barely speak On wall than any president in history More than Barack Obama himself. And I think that's where PE that Seemed like a lot, 81 million seemed like a lot. And Again, and I think that's where people are like, eh, I don't know man. Like, hold on a minute. And so that's where a lot of the questions came up. I hope that they figure out a way to do this election where it's fair. You know, I think you should have, you know, everybody should have to show Id you should be a registered voter that has to show Id you should be a legal citizen from here. You know? I mean this border, everybody we're letting in the, through the border, you know, I mean, are we gonna let them vote?


Like how does that work? I mean, I feel like, I mean, well that's, to me it seems like that's the whole reason we're letting 'em in right now, the whole point, right. So point Not to help the economy. That's No. And so do I think he will win? I think if it's done legally and I think everything's on the up and up. I don't see how he loses, but we'll see. So I gotta ask you, since you're sitting here, how do you write a country music song? Well, What's the, what's the pro, I've always wondered, I like country music and I've always wondered like how do you, what's the process like specifically? Well, so I mean, I think for me it's always, you know, finding a really cool title and, and kinda rapping a really a cool idea around that title, you know, so whatever that is.


So the way I do it a lot of times is I'll, I'll come up with an idea or a song title or whatever it is. And so I'll send it to the guys I write with and I'm like, Hey, this is what I got, this is what I'm thinking. Like, here's the idea for the first verse. Where But to even to before that, like where does the idea come to you? I don't, I just think it's some of it's life experience, you know, some of it's, But are you like in the shower, mowing the lawn? Usually it's late at night. So I'm a night owl. My wife likes to go to bed about 10 o'clock. My kids are in bed like nine o'clock, eight o'clock. And so for the first time all day, my house gets quiet about 10 o'clock at night. And so that's when I kind of start sitting there. And you speak for, that's Get the American man.


Yeah. I get really creative at night and so I'll just sit there and start going through stuff, texting my guys and you know, start trying to map out a song or something and you know, and then we'll get on tour or whatever and we'll kind of finish stuff up. But it's Wait, so you, it's a process. Yeah. So You're like sitting in your living room? Well, Used to, I would go in, when I first moved to Nashville, I moved there as a songwriter. I was signed to Warner Chapel, which is Warner Brothers Publishing Company. And so, you know, I would go into the office every day and I would write from 10 o'clock to four o'clock every day in a room. No windows, just sitting there trying to hammer songs out and now wait, That's how it works. You sit in a room, That's how it used to work all the time.


And now, you know, what if You don Covid, when, when co when Covid happened, everybody could do writes on Zoom calls. It's like you would do meetings on Zoom calls while all of a sudden You can write, you know, you could be here in Maine, I could be in Tennessee. We get on a Zoom call and just write a song. How does that work though? You write the lyrics, someone writes the music, you Get a track like you'll anymore, it's like a pro Tools rig or something, just where You can, I mean you got a, like an iPad or something, You can pull up a, you know, get something going just a like a, a beat drum, beat little loop or something and put a guitar over it and start messing around and lyrics and you know, it just, it's kind of in sections almost. But I mean, the idea, the title and the idea are the main thing.


And then you kind of start building around that, the ti The song title. Yeah, so like, we had a, so my mom, her brother, my uncle passed away like earlier this year, last year from dementia. And so my cousin had been helping, you know, really take care of my uncle for the last few years and kind of just been there for him for everything. And so I had a title the day he passed away. I was like, man, the title was a song called Help You Remember was the name of the song. And it was just basically like, you know, her trying to, you know, he didn't know her every day, so she would have to go remind him of who she was and all those things. And so basically had this idea that title and, and the idea around the song, send it to those guys, we start writing it and you know, it's gonna be a song that's on the next record, but it is, it's really cool.


And one of those songs that's just not, you know, it's, it's not your typical radio song. It's like bigger than that. And I think it's, I think there's a lot of people dealing with that kind of thing right now. Yes. And I think it's gonna, it's gonna hit people really hard, but that's kinda the way I write songs. So, So, but it's collaborative. Like I, it sounds like there are always multiple people involved in the song. Yeah, so There's usually probably four of us involved in it. You know, it's Same people. Yeah. One guy will build the tracks and he plays guitar on it and then, you know, one guy puts my bass player, he plays bass on it and then all of us kind of do the lyrics and things like that, but they sort of map out like a cool sonically, just make it cool like chord progressions and melodies and those kind of things.


And then we get in and start really tackling lyrics. And How do you know when you're done? When we don't feel like we, when we feel like we, all of our good ideas are gone. Like, you know, it's like, I don't know how I can write that line any better. That's, that's cool. And if it's a line or something that bugs us that we never, I mean we just keep working on it till we figure out we get it right and it's like, man, I, I mean that's, that's pretty good. I don't know how it's gonna get better. What's the longest you've worked on the song? Well, hell, we got one right now. We've been working on for a while. It's been written for a while, but there's some stuff I wanted to change in it and Just kinda words or music Words. So it's kinda like a song that name checks some other artists and stuff.


And so I got a really cool idea for it and I just haven't been able to piece it all together like I want to yet. And I've been working on that one for a few months now. So you just never know. Sometimes it happens fast, sometimes it's a couple hours and sometimes it's a couple weeks. And if it's one that's really worth spending some time on, you'll, you'll put some time in on it to make sure it's good. If you know it's close, like this is close to being a really big song, you wanna make sure it's good You, don't wanna go. Ah, it's good. We, we wrote it in two hours. It's like Get the gist of it in two hours and then go back and just chip away At it. Do you ever written the song in two hours? Oh Yeah. Wasn't very good. But you know, I can write one in 10 minutes with you, but it's not gonna be very good. Chances are it's not gonna be very good. I know Greg Alman wrote Midnight Rider while High Oh Yeah.


In like 15 minutes. Yeah. Well, Greg's awesome. I gotta play with him once. Really? Yeah. I mean, Allman Brothers kind of formed in my hometown. Macon, Georgia. Yeah, that's where I'm from. So I grew up huge fan of the Allman Brothers and you know, they were just so ingrained into to that town that I'm from. And, and so as I got older and started getting on the road and playing shows, those kind of things, I got to do a show, we were doing like an acoustic thing and he started playing Midnight Rider. It was him and Warren Haynes. And so I was just, I like looked over and looked at my guitar player. I'm like, no way I'm missing out on this. So I just jumped right in on midnight Rider, started singing with him, singing harmonies and stuff. And it was, it was cool.


It was the only time I ever got to play with him. Who are the people in Nashville that the other artists revere, who are like universally admired? George Strait I think. Is that guy really? Oh yeah, he's, he's, he's our, he's our guy in country music. I mean he's, you know, he's, he's our Hank Williams Sr. Our, you know, living legend guy that is the king of, of what we do. And I think he will have that title forever. See he's a guy that everybody, you know, really looks up to. I think Toby Keith was one of those guys, or at least was for me, Reba, I think Reba's one that, you know, everybody, Dolly Parton, everybody loves Dolly too, you know, so there's some of those kind of acts, some of the legendary ones like that that, you know, everybody loves 'em obviously.


So the rest of us, eh, not so much. Will you be doing this till you're George Strait's age? I hope so, man. I mean, you know, I started playing bars when I was 14, 15 years old. And you know, I tell people this all the time, it sounds so cliche, but it's like, man, this is really all I know to do. I mean, it was, I did this and I played baseball. That was the two things I was pretty good at. And playing baseball meant I had to go to school for four years, which was not, that didn't sound very appealing to me at the time. And so, you know, I was already playing bars and stuff, so I was like, man, lemme just go do this for a year and see how it goes. And started playing college towns, college bars.


And it was over, like I knew like this is what I wanted to do. And That was as close as you got to college? Oh yeah. And I was like, I knew immediately I'm like, man, this is what I wanna do. And, and it's all I've done since I was, you know, 14, 15 years old for the most part. And so I wanna do this as long as I can and as long as I always said, the fans will tell you when it's time to, to quit or cut back. You know, if you're playing a 20,000 seat place and there's only 5,000 people there, it's probably time to pack it up and maybe go home and and do something else for a minute. But, you know, I hope that never happens. And as long as people come out, man, I, I'll be out there playing for sure. How, last question. How do you not get worn out after spending a life on the road addicted to something massive of a personal life?


Super unhealthy. You know, I think that's, I think a lot of times that kind of comes with the territory. I mean, yeah. You know, as 15 years old, I'm playing in bars with guys that are in their forties and, you know, I was, I saw a lot of stuff as a kid, you know, go in the band dressing room and there's coke or whatever on the table or whatever these guys were doing. And I just remember thinking to myself like, I don't wanna be playing a bar when I'm 40, you know, I don't wanna have like a day job and then come do this at night when I'm 40 to make 50 bucks a night. Like, I just, it just wasn't like, I knew then that that was a stepping stone to do something else that I wanted to do.


And so I think I was always like pretty aware of that and, and always wanted to make sure that like, I try to take care of myself and it's hard man. I mean, I went through periods on the road where, you know, I wasn't living the healthiest lifestyle either and, you know, never was like a hard drug guy. But like, I, I mean I, I like to drink and have fun as much as anybody, you know, and there's times where you probably do that a little too much. Yeah. And you know, and I think, you know, even that stuff like it's taken me, you know, it took me years to kind of get a grasp on all of it, you know, because you become such a creature of habit. You go out and it's Groundhog Day, man. You get on the bus, you show up at a place, hang out, you do your show, you hang out with the band after you drink a little bit, get on the bus, go to the next town, do it.


Well, when you start doing that and you're playing 200 days a year, you're drinking 200 days a year and doing that stuff. And so I think it reaches a point where I think most everybody, you know, when it's starting out, you hit it hard, you're so excited to be out there and you're just, you know, running and sort of living life on the edge a little bit. And then, you know, I met my wife and had our kids and you know, she came out on the road and started giving me a little bit more of like a, okay, this is more like home out here now. You know, it's like, it was just different. It was a different mindset for me going in and, and it's So you Travel with your small children a lot? A lot. Yeah. Well, at least we did until they started school. Memphis is in first grade, Navy started kindergarten this year, so they're both in school now.


And so one of the things is wanting to make sure like our life is so not normal anyway, that, you know, it's hard man when you're raising kids and you want them to have a normal childhood, normal life and all that, but then they come out and experience the things they do. And that's so not normal that I think, you know, a thing for us this year is making sure she stays at home with 'em more to, to make sure they're in school and playing, you know, little league baseball and softball and doing all those kind of things too. That's really important to, to both of us. And, but yeah, I mean, for the last, what has been for the C six, so for the last six years, I mean, they've been out, I mean, I would say probably 75 to 80% of the time I was out.


They've been out with me for the last six years. So, and I love it, man. I love having 'em out. And that's one of the things about this job is you tour you're on the road constantly and you know, and you miss your family, you miss your people Yeah. A lot. And, and it's tough. It's, it's a tough part of a business of this business. And to be in a PO position now to be able to carry them out and travel with them and stuff, it's, it's nice. 'cause when my older girls were little, you know, I hadn't hit that point in my career yet where I could, you know, have multiple buses and bring them out and kind of have a family bus and, you know, I was, I was doing good to pay for the one bus I had. And so, you know, and then they started school and same thing with them. I wanted them to kind of have a normal Yeah. Childhood and upbringing, Even those, our life was kind of crazy.


And so it's been a little bit of a juggling act over the years trying to figure it out. But I feel like for me, you know, I finally in a place that feel comfortable, like, you know, I'm happy to go out on the road. I love being out there and playing. I love coming home, you know, after a few days and, and seeing the family if they're not out there. And it just, it works for me and it works for us and it's been really good. Well I can tell it has been, which is what puts you in the top 1%. Yeah. Absolutely. For happiness. Lucky man. Jason Aldean. Thank you very much Buddy. Thank you so much having me. Appreciate I appreciate you. Thank you. Thanks for listening to The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made.


The complete library, Tucker Carlson dot com.