
Thank you. Ah, thank you. I'm very psyched to be here. I was just, I was coming in backstage. This is our 11th city we've been in this month and you, you have a kind of formula for how things work. And I'm standing backstage and I see this ice bucket full of green bottles and I reached my hand under what it was, it's Mountain Dew. And I said, I said to the person I was walking with, like, why do we have Mountain Dew JD, Vance drinks, mountain Dew actually drinks Mountain Dew.


And I know JD Vance very well. And, and I know that he's like the most authentic person in politics, but you often hear people say, and You can feel it on him. He's not. He went to Yale Law School, you know, he's not really from Appalachia. I found the mountain Dee. Okay, that's for real. You're not, you're not drinking this. You know, they don't have this at the Aspen Institute. Trust me, I was so impressed. And I'm very sympathetic to, I love actually his politics, but I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna try that. Sorry. I'm gonna buy little Perrier. I'm not a man of the people. Anyway, thank you so much for coming.


I'm sorry it took so long to get in. Ugh. This is what happens when your security is run by your opponent. I think it's kind of hard to have an event. It's sort of a, it's a funny system that we have. No other country does that, I don't think. We'll just, we'll, we'll take care of security, don't worry. And just to make it super efficient, we're gonna let the TSA handle it because when you want things to work smoothly, like when you're late for your flight on a Memorial Day weekend anyway, so I'm sorry about that. We no control over it.


I'm not alleging anything other than what's totally obvious. Oh, that's just amuse to me. And I heard the media are here. I don't know. I know Boo boo boo and I, I heard even the New York Times political, they're all here. No, I don't know. I just want 'em to stand up and announce who they're voting for if they would, I don't know. I don't have my glasses on, so I don't know where they are. I can hear what you're saying, but I know, I agree with you. If, If you were trying to express loathing, I'm on your side. And by the way, I would know, having spent over 30 years in their layer and no amount of sonic cold plunge, hot bath combinations can scrape off the moral stain of us all the time that I spent there.


But anyway, thank you so much. So I'm gonna, because we're running a little late, I want to get to the interview with Senator Vance pretty quickly. But I just wanted to say, and it's much more interesting than anything I'm gonna say anyway, but I just want to say something that he knows really well 'cause he's been on the road since the convention. But I'm just remembering since it's been a long time since I've been on the road, which is that if you experience your country, the one that you were born in and that you love and that your ancestors built, and you will die in America if you experience it through your phone, which I hate to admit is mostly the way I do experience it, you really get a distorted picture of it.


And it feels like a country at war with itself. And in fact, we're told that very often this country's on the brink of civil war and everybody hates everybody else on the basis of some immutable characteristic or the basis of race primarily, but also of sex and then political affiliation. And basically America is about to explode. It's the crockpot you forgot to turn off and it's about to just blow up and wreck your kitchen. I love that. You know, it might be kind of an uns sequitur like scream outta 1970s or a Lynyrd Skynyrd song in the middle of a pause. But to me, I'm grooving with you baby. I know exactly what you mean.


That's right. I can't quite articulate what you mean, but I know what you mean. Fray bird. Anyway, the point is you really get the sense that the country is at war with itself and that people really hate each other. And when you travel it, and we're going coast to coast for a month, we already have been coast to coast. That's not the experience you have at all. Like at all. Actually, I can just tell you as officially in the New York Times has chronicled this at great length as one of the most hated people in the world. I kind of expected to be yelled at, you know what I mean, at like at airport or a Starbucks or the lobby of a hotel, not one time.


And I no, it, no, it has nothing to do with me. It's not because I'm so great or people secretly love me, it's that Americans secretly don't really hate each other, which is kind of amazing when was the No, I'm, it's true. They don't out. And yet they have been convinced that they do And. they have in fact been inspired to hate each other systematically for decades. And I've watched this, the entire presentation of American history, again, driven by the New York Times. I've gotta say wherever the correspondent is, the entire presentation of New York of American history is designed to make you believe that this is a country based on hate, the hate of Americans for each other.


And, they have been telling us, well I'm 55, so they've been telling it for at least the 50 years. I can remember going to school, they've been telling us this version and that that, you know, that is the core problem of the country is that people really, really hate each other. And looking back on it, I was, I've been thinking of, of it all week, I, I don't think I've ever seen that ever, not one time. And what I see actually is just the opposite. I see people of all backgrounds and all beliefs totally determined to get along with each other and doing it despite the encouragement of their leaders. And I just think, I think two things about that. One, I think it's quite revealing of our leaders because what leader wants the people he leads to hate each other?


That's like really the kinda the darkest thing you could ever want If you're a parent, you know, it is evil. It is the definition of evil. It parent wants his or her kids to hate each other. You want the opposite because when you die, the one thing you leave behind is the love of your children for each other. That's how your memory continues. Because your children love each other. Almost no parent needs to have this explained. Every parent knows it intuitively. And it's not just the family that most basic and important organization in human civilization is every organization from your office to a military unit, to your state, to your country, leaders have as their first and most sacred duty, the responsibility to unite the people who follow them, to keep them whole, to keep them together.


And to do the opposite of that systematically over decades using the media primarily, but also now just from the podium is evil. It's absolutely evil because it's a perfect inversion of their duty. And, they have tried harder than really any task. They certainly haven't put their effort into managing the economy or paving the roads or making it safe to walk to CVS. They've done just the opposite because they've been so focused on making us hate each other. So that's the first thing I noticed. So they're not just incompetent, they're really bad on a deep level. Actually no country deserves the leaders that we have. No state deserves leaders. You have, by the way, I can say, I, I've spent so much time in in, in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania.


And I always think to myself, how is the worst place in the state allowed to run the entire state? I'm not gonna name it, but why do they have all the power? Why do the work, the people with the longest track record of failure have total control over the rest of the state, which is beautiful and filled with great people. Like how does that work? That doesn't look like democracy to me. But You can extrapolate outward to an entire country and say, how does a country of 350 million great people have such rotten leaders? And that really is a theological question that I can't answer. But it does. And here's the last thing I'll say before introducing Senator JD Vance, my friend, they haven't succeeded.


And that is something to marvel at and to celebrate and to really deeply think about. Everyone's always shocked, particularly in these last four years since, I'll put it precisely since Memorial Day 2020, when the revolution began without telling us. And the country that you grew up in and all of its institutions turned upside down and things you really loved and respected, disappeared. And people who are close to you vanished from your life. And really it's been chaotic since then All by design. And everyone I know, I think most people who are paying attention have had occurred to 'em at one time or another. Like wow, there's so much evil in the world. I'm shocked. And that's true clearly. But what too few people, very much including me, pause to consider is how much good there is in the world.


Good. That makes no sense. The love between people who don't know each other, who have nothing obviously in common except their common Americanness, their citizenship here. People who are not gaining anything by being kind to each other, in fact who are encouraged not to be kind to each other and are anyway, what's that? That is as every bit as unnatural as the evil that we see. It does not exist in nature. It is outside of nature. It is supernatural. And that is moving among us too. And I, I think it's worth celebrating that. And if you look around this room, the first thing you realize is all that stuff they told you about how you were crazy because you noticed, turns out you're not crazy because there are thousands of people sitting right next to you who had exactly the same instincts.


And, they came from very different places to arrive at the same destination, which is a commitment to being honest with themselves and those around. That's all it is. It's honesty, it's not political, it's not ideological, it's being unwilling to lie. And every person in this room at one level or another, at one time or another, has arrived at the exact same conclusion, which is, I'm just gonna say what I think is true. And it turns out it's not just you sitting alone in your rec room throwing beer cans at the TV feeling like a freak. It's most people in this country, And, there's no greater blessing than knowing that.


So on that note of totally nonpolitical hope, I want to introduce Senator JD Vance of Ohio running with Donald Trump. So you actually do drink Mountain Dew. You're not joking. Die Mountain Dew. Yeah. Yeah. It's my favorite drink. You need a lot of, you need a lot of caffeine on the campaign trail though. It's interesting. It's become a bit of a thing because I probably had like one diet Mountain Dew a week before I started running for, for vice president. And then I like started talking about it and then people always brought me Diet Mountain Dews. So now I drink like three of them a week. One of many ways in which my health has gotten much worse. But I will say, so you're not endorsing it from a medical standpoint, is that what you're saying?


No, no, not at all. But I will say Tucker, it's, it's awesome to be here. Not just like, 'cause I've been looking forward to this, but two hours ago I was thinking to myself, I'm gonna have to call Tucker and cancel. Like I'm not gonna be able to come. And the the reason is because we have our kids with us and I took my boys on the campaign trail, we did a bunch of events all over Pennsylvania, which is a great state and it's great to be here. And we go to Hershey Park, right, which is just across the street. Hershey Park's great. And my son says, my 7-year-old says, if I go on a rollercoaster with you, you have to go on this like spinny ride with me.


And so legitimately it's one of these things where it not, it's not just spinning around, but then the thing that you're sitting in, it's also spinning around. So it's like spinning within spinning and legitimately three and a half seconds in, I think to myself, I'm gonna throw up all over this ride and my, you know, it's like now that I'm a vice presidential candidate, I'm much more, you know, people know who I am. And so there are like 10 separate iPhones that are tuned on me. And all I can think to myself is if I throw up in this thing, it's gonna be like one of those old sprinklers, you know? And, And I, And I, so I, so I like white knuckle close my eyes, my 7-year-old and my 4-year-old like, dad, what's going on?


I'm like, I'm trying not to throw up boys, just, you know, leave, leave daddy be. And then we get off the ride and I am so nauseous, I'm like, I'm gonna have to cancel tonight because I'm gonna go home to the hotel and be safe. I think you're looking at it wrong. Puking on the tilter world is the most authentically American thing you could do. No one would ever call you a phony again, I booted on the tilter world, I mean, honestly from Mountain Dew. Yeah. So anyway, I'm feeling a lot better now and it's great to be with you. And how's, how's it going? We talk, well you tell me you're running for national office. I'm just, I don't even know what I do for a living at this point, but Neither do I.


So where, I mean, it's always hard asking someone who's running for office like, do you think you're gonna win? Where are we? But I would say, and you explain this so well in a conversation we had recently, the polls really are designed to deceive many of the public polls. Probably not all, but many. And the campaigns, not just yours, but the Democrat Party campaign do have access to the most accurate polls. So, you know, being as honest as You can be, where are we? Where we are is we're gonna win. And I feel a hundred percent confident about that. Look, I if, if you, if you go back in time four years, there was a poll in the run up to the 2020 election, maybe the 2016 election actually that had Donald Trump losing Wisconsin by 17 points, okay?


And of course in 2016 he won the state of Wisconsin. And what you realize is the purpose of these polls is very often subversion, like they're trying to depress you. So they put out a poll in Wisconsin that says Donald Trump is gonna lose by 17 points Even, those, that's an election. He eventually went on to win. And I think that there's a lot of that happening right now, though. IIII will say even with the idea that the polls are fundamentally biased, I mean, you know, we have internal polls that we pay a lot more money for because it's, I mean, this is a very nerdy point, but you have to reach the right people to actually get an accurate poll. And because most Trump supporters, like if you called my family members and said, Hey, I'm from such and such research, are you gonna vote for Donald Trump?


They would say F you and hang up the phone, right? So because of that, it's very hard to pull actual Donald Trump supporters. But You can, if you're willing to actually go out and seek those people and do the right things. And look, the internal polls are great. I think that we have to work our rear ends off over the next 45 days. And you know, there's the, there, there's something really interesting about this election Tucker, which is that if you sort of take the people who voted in 2020 versus the people who voted for Biden in 2020, the people who voted for Trump in 2020 we're probably about even there. Like I, I'd sort of give it a 50 50 chance. But there are a lot of marginal voters, meaning people who don't always show up to the polls, and if they show up, they're like 70 30 for Donald Trump.


So it's basically the name of the game is you can't get depressed and give up on your country. You have to get out there and vote because if you do, we're gonna win. So get out there and vote and we'll win. And the so, I mean, look, the, the story, the story of basically the last 30 years in my view is that our leadership has turned the American people into poppers in their own country, right? You're not gonna own anything, God, you know, no way you're gonna own a house because the leadership has made it way too expensive to buy a house and plus interest rates are too high. You're not going to have real public safety in your communities because we're gonna import 25 million people.


We're gonna overstress the legal system, we're gonna overstress the police system. You're not actually going to have a decent job because we wanna ship way too many middle class jobs off to China, off to Mexico. And so the American people, I think they're fed up with it. They're saying, we don't give a shit what you think about us. We're gonna vote for our own interests and we're gonna vote to save our country. But, but the thing that is, that is really meaningful and, and, and you know, if, if I worry about anything, it's that we're gonna get lazy and we're gonna rest on our laurels and we're not gonna get out there and actually pound the pavement and vote. There are way too many people who know that the country is broken, who know that Kamala Harris would make a terrible president.


But they have to actually get out there and do the thing that all of us have to do, which is vote. It's very simple.


We did an interview a couple of weeks ago with a woman called Casey Means she's a Stanford educated surgeon and really one of the most remarkable people I have ever met in the interview, she explained how the food that we eat produced by huge food companies, big food in conjunction with pharma, is destroying our health. Making this a weak and sick country. The levels of chronic disease are beyond belief. What Casey means, who we've not stopped thought thinking about ever since, is the co-founder of a healthcare technology company called Levels. And we are proud to announce today that we are partnering with Levels. And by proud, I mean Sincerely Proud Levels is a really interesting company and a great product. It gives you insight into what's going on inside your body, your metabolic health. It helps you understand how the food that you're eating, the things that you're doing every single day are affecting your body in real time. You put stuff in your mouth speaking for myself anyway, and you don't think about it. You have no idea what you're putting in your mouth and you have no idea what it's doing to your body. But over time you feel weak and tired and spacey and over an even longer period of time, You can get really sick. So it's worth knowing what the food you eat is doing to you. The Levels app works with something called the Continuous Glucose Monitor. A CGM You can get one as part of the plant, or You can bring your own, it doesn't matter. But the bottom line is big tech, big pharma and big food combine together to form an incredibly malevolent force pumping you full of garbage on healthy food with artificial sugars and hurting you and hurting the entire country. So with levels you'll be able to see immediately what all this is doing to you. You get access to real-time personalized data, and that's a critical step to changing your behavior. Those of us who, like Oreos can tell you firsthand, this isn't talking to your doctor and annual physical looking backwards about things you did in the past. This is up to the second information on how your body is responding to different foods and activities, the things that give you stress, your sleep, et cetera, et cetera. It's easy to use, it gives you powerful personalized health data than You can make much better choices about how you feel. And over time it'll have a huge effect. Right now You can get an additional two free months when you go to Levels link slash Tucker, that's Levels link slash Tucker. This is the beginning of what we hope will be a long and happy partnership with levels. And Dr. Casey means


It's time for today's Lucky Land horoscope with Victoria Cash. Life's gotten mundane, so shake up the daily routine and be adventurous with a trip to Lucky Land. You know what they say, your chance to win starts with a spin. So go to lucky lands slots.com to play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Get lucky today@luckylandsslots.com. No purchase necessary BGW Group Void were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms of conditions apply.


So there's been this thing happening for the last, well, last eight years actually, but it's, it seems to have come to a head in the last several months where the realignment is now very obvious between the parties. And yes, you do see a bunch of pretty high profile democrats coming to your campaign to endorse your campaign. And you see honestly, some high profile Republicans go over to Kamala Harris. Correct. So just to put it in one sentence, you got Bobby Kennedy And, they got Dick Cheney and his horrible daughter, A hell of a trade, by the way, right? I'll take that trade every day and twice on Sunday. And I I didn't mean to, I can't remember names, I'm gonna go with horrible daughter.


I think it's fair. What, how would you describe that realignment? Like what is that? Well, I, I think there are a couple things going on. So first of all, if you spend any time in professional Washington, which I've spent a couple years there, you realize that one of the things that gives a lot of people meaning is like playing a chess game with the lives of other people's children, right? And of course, if you think like that, you're kind of a sicko and you shouldn't be anywhere near power. But Washington is full of people who really like to go out and play strategic games with the lives of other people's children. And there's probably nobody who better represents that, of course, than Liz and Dick Cheney, who their entire politics for the past 30 years has been using American power to inflame tensions in the world, to draw the United States deeper and deeper into foreign conflicts, which either shouldn't exist at all or certainly the United States shouldn't have any business in.


And I think that the But, and I, and I think, so that's one thing that's going on is if you don't think the United States should get involved in every stupid war in the world, then you're Republican. And if you think the United States should send billions of dollars and tons of innocent Americans to die in some foreign country, then you're gonna be a Democrat. And that's kind of crazy, right? 'cause it was, was sort of exactly the opposite probably 40, 50 years ago. But then there are other two, it's two other big issues. The the three things that really matter. One is foreign policy. The, you know, our side I think is rational and restrained.


We don't wanna fight every ridiculous war and we're like worried about getting involved in World War III because we should be, because we have nuclear weapons now. And you have to be cautious about that stuff. The second big issue is, in my view over immigration, right? If you, if you sort of look at the Liz Cheney, Dick Cheney view, their basic argument is let's flood the United States with millions of, upon millions of foreign laborers because that's good for business And. there are those of us who are saying, well, is it actually good for social cohesion? Isn't it good for workers? Hell no. So we're not gonna accept that. The third thing, And the third thing that I think really divides the parties and it's, you know, it's like me, Bobby Kennedy, Tulsi Gabbard, Donald Trump, we're sort of all on the same page on this is, do you think that the United States should ship its entire industrial base to foreign countries, some of which hate us.


And if you think that's insane like I do, then you're gonna vote for Donald Trump. And if you think it's a great idea to ship our industrial base overseas, you're welcome in the party of Kamala Harris and Dick Cheney. And that's basically it. And tho and those three issues, Tucker have divided people I, I think have divided the entire country, but actually only the leadership class. 'cause I actually think that like 70% of Americans agree with our viewpoint on these issues. I just think that the leadership of this country has gotten so deranged that they convinced themselves that there's a great American majority for fighting a ton of wars, importing a ton of illegal aliens and shipping all the jobs overseas. And I just don't think there is, I I would say it's higher than 70% consensus.


And you know that because the advocates of the positions you just described will never admit that they're advocating for them. No one will ever say, yeah, we just brought in tens of millions of illegal aliens. They they lie about the fact they did it. So clearly there's no constituency for that. No, that's exactly right. And you know, this has been a big issue with some of the microscope that's been put on communities that have accepted a large number of Haitian migrants in the past couple of years. So in Springfield, Ohio, about 20,000, there's a community in Pennsylvania that's, I think's accepted about 2,500 in a town of about 4,000 people. So there, there are people who say that this is fundamentally necessary because unless you import all of these people that there aren't gonna be any jobs.


And I actually think that sort of gets it exactly upside down. The reason why people left these communities is because our leadership shipped all of their jobs to Mexico and China and other countries. So, if you wanna fix the problem, bring economic prosperity back to our country, don't bring 2,500 or 25,000 foreign laborers into small town America. Amen. But it also raises a a, I think an even deeper philosophical question, which is who are you serving? Who's your loyalty to? I don't care how screwed up and fentanyl ridden and post-industrial, your little town is the people who live there are American citizens, And, they own the government.


And so the people in charge have to care about them, but they don't at all, they care about their donors who think that their businesses will benefit from importing an entirely new class of workers. But like, aren't our leaders required to care about the current occupants of those towns? I would think so. I would think so. Well, here, here's, here's one way I'd put it is, and I picked this up, this is actually when we became friends initially, right? Is we were at some like massive bankers conference and I had just written Hillbilly Elegy. I Feel dirty thinking about it. Yeah. And I, I realized that like what, what I had done in Hillbilly Elegy was write a very personal story about my grandmother and my mom and my sister.


And there's sort of triumph and there's trial and you know, my mom struggled with addiction and then she got clean and my grandmother raised me. And it was, it was very much a personal story. And what I realized at that conference and at others like it is that a lot of our leaders liked the book, not because they really sort of sympathized with the story, but beca it gave them an opportunity. You know, they, they pick one paragraph out and say, oh, well this thing shows that these middle American, you know, working class people are bad or they're racist or they're not worth focusing our attention on, or we shouldn't save their jobs. They're like, whatever they use as an excuse to ignore the citizens of their own country. And I started to feel kind of dirty about participating in this way that our, our leaders used my book to try to look down on their fellow citizens rather than maybe learn something about their fellow citizens and recommit them to making their lives better.


And that fundamental breakdown you see in our politics, like all the time, Tucker, because look, there is nothing that pisses off America's leadership class. There's nothing that angers Kamala Harris more than when a working class person in the heartland of this country complains about what a bad job she's doing. And you know, when you, when you, when you think about, when you think about, you know, this, this charge that our leaders constantly make, they'll say, well, you don't want 20,000 low wage migrants showing up in your town. You don't wanna be evicted from your home to make way for four Haitian families who by the way are violating zoning laws to live in this house.


You're a racist. That's what they'll say. Now think about this. What they're really doing is saying, you are not allowed to speak up about our leadership screwing up. And when you realize this is the game that they play. I mean, look, I, you, you, you and I agree with this. IIII think we should genuinely endeavor to look at every human being as a child of God, whether they're black, white, brown, or anything else. I think that is an absolutely, I agree, good principle. But I I I think that when our leaders call working class citizens who have almost no power in America in 2024, when they call them racist, it's not because they're trying to call them to some higher meaning.


They're not trying to convince them to be more compassionate to their fellow man. They're trying to silence them and shut them up. And when you realize that our leadership is willing to take the compassion, like what's best in us, that we love our fellow man, and we love our fellow Americans, and use it as a weapon to silence people, you realize that Kamala Harris and everybody like her, it is a disgusting game that they play and we have to reject it. I, I, I couldn't agree more. I mean, it's, I just say, let me say it again. I think it's evil. It's evil to leverage someone's decency against him. Yes, absolutely. It's the lowest possible thing you could do.


But I have to ask, and I don't really answer this question, but you've spent time on both sides, you know, growing up in where you did in Ohio, gonna the Marine Corps and then, you know, going to Yale and all that Ohio, Go Ohio there is, it's more than just like getting people to shut up so they can loot the country, which is clearly part of it. But there's an, there's a loathing. There's a hatred there. Oh yes. And I don't understand where that comes from. Why would you hate people who live in communities that your friends flooded with fentanyl? Like why would you be mad at them? They're the ones whose life expectancy is going down. What did they do wrong if there was ever a group of victims? It's rural Americans, so why would you hate them?


That's, it doesn't make sense to me, but they do. Why? So I don't know that I have a, a perfect answer to this, but I think that rural America and the problems of rural America just show how much their entire worldview is broken. And so it sort of reflects back at them their own failure and their own lack of concern for their fellow citizens, right? So it, it's, it's like one thing to say, well, we're gonna ship all the jobs to China and we'll get a bunch of, you know, cheap plastic toys in exchange, or Oh, we're gonna invade Iraq and, you know, yeah, it's gonna be a total disaster and we'll kill a lot of innocent people, but like, what? We don't really have to think about it after the war is over or yeah, you know, we'll, we'll let 20,000 Haitians into this small town, but you know, the, the employers will be happy because they'll get some cheap labor and then we won't have to think about it.


But, but when the, the rural people or the small town people, the working class people start complaining about it, then you have to actually confront whether these things that you have done have actually made people's lives better. And I think that you sort of, you know, confronted with that, right? So, so you and I have a mutual friend, I won't use his name, where, you know, he was a huge advocate of the war in Iraq. And by the way, I was 18 years old, but I also was an advocate of the war in Iraq. I had in fact enlisted in the Marine Corps in April of 2003. We invaded in March of 2003. Ed all the Marines out there. But so I, but like, okay, the war turned into a total disaster.


A lot of young Americans got killed, a lot of innocent people got killed. And I like that should cause a thinking person to evaluate, well, what were the like processes in my brain that led me to think that this was a good idea and how can I change so that I don't get it wrong the next time? And I think we have a lot of friends who got it wrong, but they can't have that conversation with themselves because it's like two morally challenging. Like, like they wouldn't be able to look themselves in the mirror if they realized, oh, I did this thing that led to tens of thousands, hundreds of thousands of innocent people losing their lives. And so you could either do that thing, You can either reevaluate and say, maybe I screwed up, maybe I was wrong.


Maybe I should rethink how I understand the world. Like maybe Donald Trump isn't a threat to democracy. Maybe the person who's a threat to democracy is Kamala Harris who is running for president without a single vote. But you, you You can You You can say to yourself, oh, I screwed up and I'm gonna think about it better. Or You can say, the people who are complaining are bad and evil people, and the reason they're complaining is not because I screwed up, but because they are screwed up people. And I think that's what I, I, I genuinely think that's what our leadership does. And I, you know, there, there are people, there are people who are legitimately friends of mine who I think legitimately hate, hate the community that I came from because the community that I came from refuses to say, oh yeah, we're really glad that based on patriotic sentiment, we, we volunteered at record levels to enlist in the Marine Corps, the army, the Navy, and the Air Force.


And then you sent us off to a really stupid war. Or we, we really love that you used to be able to go and raise a family on a single middle class manufacturing income. But now that's really hard to do because of Kamala Harris' inflation crisis, but also because you guys shipped all the jobs to China, right? The people who refuse to say thank you for making my life miserable, are they, they, they, they represent a, an opposition and a rebellion against our failed leadership class. And if our leadership class was healthy, they would say, oh, we must have screwed up. But because they can't do that, they decided to hate the people of their own country.


A Lot of people seem to have been reaching the same conclusion recently, which is that being a little healthier, being spiritually grounded, eating right, paying attention to nature, all of those really matter. Sleep takes up a big portion of your day, like one third of your life is spent asleep and sleeping well makes you much happier and more productive. So you shouldn't be surprised that some of the products that we've been looking at to think about entering into partnerships with are based on sleep. And we've got one we really like. It's called Cozy Earth. Cozy Earth makes among other things. Bamboo sheets. Bamboo sheets. Well, we tried 'em and they're awesome. Bamboo sheets are really soft and breathable. And, they keep you cool all night long. And, they get even softer with every wash. You gotta try it And. they don't just make sheets, they do pajamas and robes, leisure wear bath towels. They make a whole bunch of stuff out of bamboo. And it's cool. It's not just this weird, oh, it's bamboo actually. It's great. Try it. They make great gifts at Cozy Earth. The quality is backed up by a 10 year warranty. They offer even a 100 night sleep trial. A hundred nights. Hmm. Didn't take us a hundred nights to get into it, but try it for yourself. So make your life more comfortable. Head over to cozy earth.com/ Tucker and use the promo code Tucker for up to 40% off. You will feel the difference cozy earth.com/ Tucker and use the promo code Tucker for a big discount.


I I I, I'm glad this is on tape 'cause I, this is not flattering. I mean, it, I've been interviewing politicians for over 30 years and I I can't remember ever hearing an analysis that deep and true from any of them. And I'm also struck by the fact that I know most of the Republicans in the Senate, maybe one or two exceptions, I can't imagine any of them saying 90% of what you just said. And yet you are on the ticket with Donald Trump. So that makes me think that the Republican party is actually changing this time. Do you think that's true? I mean, I, so I I absolutely do.


And I think there's always gonna be this kind of effort from the old guard establishment to try to return us to the old ways, the old broken ways. So it's not like a war that's totally over. But I do think that we're currently winning. And look, I, I have to give a ton of credit to my running mate, the guy at the top of the ticket, Donald J. Trump, because I, And, and you know this, and probably a lot of you in the audience know this, like I was a Trump critic back in 2016. And it's funny when all of these, when Biden was still running and all of these journalists trying to like confuse how obviously unfit Biden was to serve in the Oval Office, they'd be like, well, Biden's really old, but you know, Trump isn't as Spring chicken anymore either.


And, and, and when people would say that, I'd be like, guys, Donald Trump remembers a tweet that I sent on September 3rd, 2015. He remembers the time and he remembers exactly what I said to the word. Like, this guy's memory is as sharp as attack. In fact, I wish that it wasn't 'cause my life would be a lot easier, but this is there, there, these are not two 70-year-old people who are running for president who are in the same mental condition. One clearly has the energy to do the job and one clearly doesn't. And what, what, but you, I mean I I've seen this now having been in the belly of the beast for all of two years, but I really wish that I had been on board earlier because what Trump dealt with in 2016, it cannot be overstated.


And I'm talking about like friends of yours, friends people he had been friends with for 30 years, calling him and attacking him or going on national television and lying about him. When you challenge this ossified broken ruling class in this country, they're as hell to pay for it. And I've got just a little bit of the taste of it. I think Donald Trump has gotten a hundred times worse than I have. And obviously, you know, he almost got literally killed just seven weeks ago and then again, like three days ago. But Trump, if he hadn't won the primary and if he hadn't won the general election, the Republican party would be broken. He fixed it and actually created an opportunity for us to build something that's durable and it can work for the long haul.


And, And I think, you know, so I I I, I was his, I, I think I was his first endorser in the United States Senate and like all of my political advisors are like, why are you doing this? It's way too early in the primary. And it's because having not been on board in 2016, I realized that the 2024 primary would really be this sort of fundamentally, no matter who challenged him And, there were a lot of good people fundamentally that challenged him. It would ultimately come down to the old guard versus the pro worker, pro-America party. And I just knew that's how the dividing lines would ultimately shake out because the old guard, because a lot of them knew Donald Trump in business because a lot of them know that he knows what they're up to.


They hate him more than almost anybody. And. they hate him because he does actually fight for the American people. And he does actually care about the citizens of his own country. And, and You can look one, one thing one, one thing I'll say about President Trump that that is genuinely unique is, look, he obviously is incredibly successful and incredibly wealthy. Like I'm never, never, nobody's gonna ever pretend that Donald Trump is a working class person, at least now in his life. But Trump actually really likes the people that he leads. And that includes by the way, that, that includes by the way, the people who didn't vote for him.


He still really likes those people. And that is, I think what is very different about President Trump versus frankly most of America's leadership is when the cameras are off And, they don't think anybody's listening. They talk about how much they think their own citizens are dumb or well, yeah, the public thinks this because the public doesn't understand economics. Or well, if the public was just smarter, they would realize how, how smart our, you know, Kamala Harris is for wanting to like destroy social security and Medicare for illegal immigration, right? They actually think that their own people are stupid And. they don't like them. But Donald Trump actually likes people. And I think it's one of the, the secrets to success as a political candidate. Well, watching him order at McDonald's is like one of the most amazing things ever.


It's, It's hysterical. It's impossible to imagine Carmela or whatever. She's calling herself Harris. Like talk to the lady behind the counter about the differences in quality and weight in price between the Quarter Pounder and the Big Mac. And he, he has such strong feelings about it. I mean he's really, No, he, and, and he thought about it A lot. Well, and again, this goes to his, his leadership style. Donald Trump actually really cares of what people think. Yeah. So he, he, he has absolutely thought to himself what is the better value between the Quarter Pounder and the Big Mac? And, and he wants, he actually wants to know what the people who work there think about this question.


And by the way, like I have very strong views about this. Like obviously the Quarter pounder's a better deal. I right, That's absurd without secret sauce, it's not even worth going there, but whatever, I mean, you know, honest people disagree. See Marlboro Winston, I get it. You've Allowed yourself to be manipulated by the elites. The secret sauce is not the thing that matters. It's the amount of meat you get way more meat with a quarter pounder and it's obviously again, but look, the, the, the, the point is, okay, so lemme give you an example of this. So the Saturday morning that President Trump was shot, I don't know if I've ever talked about this publicly, but I was down in Mar-a-Lago for the first time talking about becoming his vice presidential nominee.


And it was kind of these crazy thing. 'cause all these reporters would stick microphones in my face and say, you know, you're clearly on the shortlist and have you talked to President Trump about it? And I'd say, no, I haven't. In fact, I don't even know if I'm actually on the shortlist because I've never spoken with him. So the Saturday morning I'm in Mar-a-Lago we're talking about the VP thing. And he, you know, he's like, you know, I, I like to talk to everybody about who should be the vp. Like, you know, I spent about 30 minutes talking to the gardener at Mar-a-Lago about who, who I thought, who he thought should be the vice presidential nominee. And, and I'm sitting there, you know, sweating bullets like, well sir, what did the gardener at Mar-a-Lago have to say about who should be the vp? 'cause this is a question that actually really impacts my life.


So Do you know the gardener or is it random? No, Just, just a But again, like he actually likes to know what people think about things. That's one of his secrets of success as a political leader. So anyway, he goes to, you know, Pennsylvania, he doesn't tell me that it's me. He says it, it's probably gonna be you. I'm like, oh, thanks. That makes me feel great. I'm, I'm totally gonna sleep great tonight knowing that it's probably gonna be me. He flies to Bucks County, Pennsylvania, of course is nearly assassinated. God bless you guys. And he, you know, like then he makes the decision, I think the next day or maybe even Monday morning, I don't know, right? I don't know when he actually finally made the decision.


Probably was just Monday morning. Now that I think about it, you probably know better than I do. Anyway, the point, the point is He, Again, I actually think that if you care about the people that you represent and the people that you lead, you should want to know what they think about an issue. And whatever disagreements you might have with President Trump, he genuinely cares about what people think about an issue. And it's why I think he's better plugged into what the electorate thinks than most political candidates. I I think that's right. The, the switch up the, the disappearance of The president of the United States. Biden is still president, technically correct? I don't know.


I don't Either. And I really don't know. I mean, I don't know what happened to him. He was like pretty famous at one point, and then he's just gone. I saw some, I saw some clip on social media that like Jill Biden was running a cabinet meeting. Is that, was that real or was that For sure? She's a doctor. JD settle down, she's got this, okay. And anyone who hasn't read her dis dissertation on community colleges in the state of Delaware really should see where the doctorate comes from. She literally is a part of it where she's like, she's breaking down the proportion of by ethnicity of students. And she's like, it's about 40% Caucasian, about 37% African American. It's another 39% Hispanic, and then they're 22% Asian. And I'm like, I'm not good at math, but Wait, wait a second.


No, I'm, you should read Dr. Jill's dissertation. It's unbelievable. Anyway, she's running the government, just so you know. I Don't think that adds up to a hundred Genius. No, it does. 147 actually, whatever. She's a doctor. But here's my question, and I don't mean to finger the media in this, sorry, I'm sorry. I spent my life in a newsroom as vulgar. I know like Kamala Harris went from being like, regardless of buffoon by everybody, including, you know, every Democrat I know you're constantly reading about only Montel Williams likes or whatever. Everyone made fun of her. And then like within 24 hours, she's this historic statesman.


How was the media able to pull that off? Honestly? Yeah, with, I mean, a lot, a lot of shamelessness. I mean, I, you know, one of the things that we say on the campaign trail, because it's true, is that, you know, we do a lot of interviews, like me and President Trump do a ton of interviews with hostile media, with friendly media, with everybody in the middle. And Kamala Harris doesn't. Now, part of the argument that we're trying to make is see the American people, you shouldn't trust a person who's so terrified of the media that she runs away from them. You like You can't trust that person in a private meeting with Xi Jinping. But part of what we've been trying to do too is actually shame the American media, which is totally re like, it's total historical revisionism right before I, our eyes, I mean my, my my wife even who's, who's a totally AP political person, but right after they did the Kamala Switcheroo, she sent me like a bunch of clips of different people and how they spoke about Kamala Harris like three months ago and how they speak about Kamala Harris today.


And it's totally flipped. And we've been trying to shame the American media into looking themselves in the mirror and asking her some tough questions and actually reporting on a record. And you know, what we've learned, Tucker, the American media has no shame. And so Like, they're this, I mean, they're here. I, oh, I can feel That. I know we have, we have, I have presence. I can see some of the I can feel it. Do they, like You run into them on the road? What do they say? Well, they'll say in private, almost all of them will say, yeah, it's really ridiculous. Or in public they'll say, well, you know, we hope that she'll give us an interview. And it's like, well, but the democratic process requires that she gives you an interview before people start voting. Like your job, if you have any job, and by the way, to the reporters out there, I know your, some of you are out there, like your job is to not repeat Kamala Harris propaganda without at least getting a chance to ask her a question about it.


And that's what Well, but it's really simple. I've been in the media my whole life. I know how it works. If you want a politician to do something, you attack that politician until the politician does what you want. Yeah. And so they could make Kamala Harris give interviews to everybody from TMZ to the Washington Post editorial page just by attacking her every day. But they won't. Why? Well, because unfortunately, most of the American media, we need to be honest about this. So most of the American media is in fact part of the very corrupt system that they pretend to report on, right? That's, that's, that's the answer.


So, okay, so if, if you're, I mean, first of all, the, the news media business has been totally decimated by big tech. By the way. Like the reason why we don't really have local papers anymore is in a 20 year period, all of the advertising revenue that used to go like classified ads in local papers now goes through Google, Facebook, so forth. So if you're a journalist, there's a very good chance that your paycheck fundamentally depends on the people who are getting rich off of the system. Now, that doesn't mean, by the way, and and I know a lot of them, and I I actually like them personally, it's one of my many faults is I like journalists personally. But the the thing that they will say is they really believe the things that they're reporting And.


they really believe that what they're saying and what they're doing is the truth. And they're right about that, by the way, I I don't think that most of them are liars. I think most of them are just diluted, no offense guys. But if they weren't diluted, and if there was somebody who was actually really asking, well, why are we spending so much time attacking Donald Trump because he dared to bring up the Haitian migrant problem in Springfield, and instead why, why are we spending so much time attacking him instead of, I don't know, investigating any of the numerous issues that Kamala Harris has flip flopped on in just the last three years. If there was a reporter who wanted to do that, they would not last long in those media organizations.


So there's, there's a basic selection bias. If you are a person who can honestly look at American society and say, oh, wait a second, American life declining, right? The only industrialized country in the world where that's true, we continue to be more and more reliant on some of our biggest international adversaries to make the things that we need. Oh, and we're sleepwalking into a multi continent. In other words, a world war with a president who clearly doesn't even know who the hell or where the hell he is. Like maybe the honest thing would be to really aggressively interrogate how we got here. But no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. What what the journalists have instead decided to do is they're gonna focus on like a sex scandal from two days ago.


From like, that involves some random journalists who's who I don't even know I've never even met, right? There's like this weird sex scandal story going on right now. The media is obsessed with, they're not, I I don't think there was any actual sex in the sex scandal. That's how Absurd think that's, I think that's right. But, but, but the media is more focused on that than they are on the fact that we are sleepwalking into World War III with Joe Biden as The president of the United States. And the reason why we have Joe Biden is because Kamala Harris lied about his mental fitness for office. Like, if you actually care about the truth, ask those questions and leave the salacious bullshit to the tabloids. But they, they can't do that. And if they did Tucker again, if they did, a lot of them would lose their jobs.


And so it selects for people who are very trusting of the system and not for people who actually wanna ask questions of that system.


The most interesting and newsworthy television show of the year is coming here to TCN We are not bragging. That's actually true. The president's been shot. I repeat. The president's been shot. So, our longtime producer, Justin Wells and a team have been embedded with no publicity at all with Donald Trump on the campaign trail for months. They're the only crew capturing what is going on on the campaign in real time intimately. They're with Trump as he campaigns for the presidency across the country. And they've shot some amazing footage. It shows you what it's really like in there. So if you're a member, you'll soon be able to get this docuseries covering the historic campaign. The Fall of Joe Biden Never before is seen footage from the assassination attempt at the Butler Township Pennsylvania Trump rally. and a lot more, it's gonna pull back the curtain completely. They are embedded inside the campaign. I can't wait to see it personally, but to get it first, go to Tucker Carlson dot com, become a member, the greatest television event of the year. We're proud to offer it.


It's just wild that one of the things that they've been able to ignore completely is the number of politically motivated prosecutions over the last four years. I think the congressman from this district, actually, Scott Perry, got hassled by the FBI. I think I may be missing this. And I, and I think Scott Perry's here, by the way. Great congressman Scott, he's a guy. Scott out. There's a great guy. Hello. Hassle by the FBI for asking, this is my read, not his, but asking questions about the last election. That's not a criminal offense. I know a bunch of people who are in jail right now, right now for political reasons in our country that's never really reported on. It's bizarre. And I guess the question is, if you guys lose, like what would stop that from just becoming universal?


Yeah. Well, I don't know that anything would, because the animating bias or the animating motivation, I should say of Kamala Harris's Democratic party is censorship. Because without censorship, you can't get all of the other things that they want. Like you can't get the ridiculous foreign policy or ridiculous trade policy, the wide open borders without censorship and So. if you look, and this is by the way, I think this is actually the fundamental difference between the overheated political rhetoric on the left and on the right. And I hate by the way, when people both sides this issue, they're like, well, we all need to tone down the rhetoric. Well, look, by the way, I I, I'm, I try to be a very humble person.


I agree. We can all tone down the rhetoric. None of us is perfect, including me. But when Donald Trump has taken two assassination attempts in the last seven weeks, it's not both sides that need to tone down the rhetoric. It's one side in particular, and you have to ask, But if, if, if you look at what is the animating focus of the political prosecutions of the big tech censorship in 2020, and all the censorship around COVID of the fact that the European Union, which basically wouldn't exist without American taxpayer protection. I mean Europe, like only two countries in Europe even have real militaries at this point, right?


NATO is at this point a welfare client of the United States of America. So Europe is going after Elon Musk for free speech and threatening to imprison him for platforming who Donald Trump, who is the likely next president of the United States. You go down the list, the animating bias is censorship. And if you think about it, what is the ultimate way? If you've tried to bankrupt a person, you've tried to jail a person, you've tried to, you know, throw a person in prison, you've tried to kick them out of office, you've impeached them twice. What is the ultimate way to censor a human being taking their life? And I think this is really the difference between political rhetoric on the left and the right, which again, we don't always get it right on my side of the aisle, but we are never saying we want to censor the other side.


We, in fact, want to have the debate. We're telling Kamala Harris, you should do more interviews, not less. You should get out there more because we get about a hundred thousand votes every time you open your mouth. but we, But All, all, all kidding aside, all kidding aside, we are not trying to censor the left. The left is trying to censor not just the right, but the entire country, which goes to show they are a threat to democracy. They cannot be rewarded with more political power. They have to be penalized. It's like, well, when a kid, you know, as I've learned as as, as a young father, when a kid screws up and you just let them, you reward them for it, they actually do it more And, they do it worse.


The only way to reward Kamala Harris is by making her president. And the only way to punish her and say, look, we don't accept censorship of our fellow citizens, is to fire her and send her back to San Francisco. That's where she belongs. So given that, I mean, every news outlet I've ever worked at, which is a lot of 'em, they're all controlled, obviously. And given that, you know, the biggest tech platforms would be Google and YouTube, same company, openly practice censorship, all kinds of things you can't talk about, we'll take you off. Demo monetize. You really we're talking about X actually, we're talking about X is the place where free speech lives. Yeah.


And if you were to take that out, darkness would descend. That's just a fact. And if you want know that totalitarian impulses over your ruling class read the Atlantic Magazine where they announce all of it ahead of time, and they're telling you now that we need to shut down Elon Musk's ex, because there's just way too much free speech. And I wonder how seriously you take those threats. Well, I take them very seriously. I mean, look, if we learned anything over the last four years is when these people say they wanna do something, they actually mean it And they intend to do it. True. And we had to, we actually had had to take them seriously. I mean, when Kamala Harris ran saying that we wanna suspend deportations, re-implement, catch and release, which is basically just mass asylum fraud and stop Donald Trump's remain in Mexico policy Even, those, I didn't vote for her.


I voted for Donald Trump. I thought, well, this is crazy. They're not actually gonna do this. And then they did. So when they say that they want to use the force of law to silence, or even in prison, Elon Musk for daring to host a free speech platform, we have to listen to them. And that is the one thing, the, the, the most awesome power in the physical world today is the United States government. Millions of people, the world's largest and most powerful military. If we give that over to people who are saying, not only we disagree with Donald Trump, not only do we disagree with Donald Trump's supporters, but we wanna prevent them from participating in the American democratic system.


That is some scary shit. And we need to reject it. And that's exactly what I think. By the way, with your help, we're gonna do So thank you for doing this. This has been a really interesting and amazing conversation. So last question for you. So I think if I'm reading this correctly, that Donald Trump has announced that he will not allow states and municipalities going forward if elected in November to continue being so-called sanctuary cities, which means places or entire states in these 50 United States that openly ignore federal immigration law, which must be federal 'cause it applies to all of us, and its effects are national.


Someone comes into one state and go to your state. And I've just, I'm thinking, reading this like this has been going on for decades. Any state or city that has a sanctuary city law is an open rebellion in the way that Fort Sumter was an open rebellion against the government of the United States. Why have we allowed this to go on for decades? I don't understand. Well, the answer is we've allowed it to go on because the federal government still funds all of these cities. They like the sanctuary city stuff is very expensive because when you invite millions of illegal aliens into your country, and then certain cities and municipalities invite thousands or even tens of thousands, I mean, the cost to illegal immigration to New York City, I believe is north of $6 billion a year in Chicago.


I think it's around $500 million a year. Well, that money doesn't come from Chicago taxpayers. It primarily comes through federal subsidies. So, if you want to end sanctuary cities, just cut off the money spigot to sanctuary cities. You don't get our taxpayer money. If you refuse to enforce the law, it, it, it's actually this one. Man. Some, some of this stuff is really complicated. This one is actually very simple. The federal government just needs to say we control immigration law. Right there, there, there are some things the states and local governments control the federal government controls like foreign policy, immigration law, and a few other things. And if you are not gonna obey federal immigration laws, then we're, we're gonna cut off the paycheck.


We're gonna cut off the money, and you have to enforce our laws in order to get any more money from American tax base. Well, but I know, but like when, when Central High School disobeyed federal law in Little Rock in 1956, they said the hundred first Airborne. Yeah. And I just, this has been going on where states and cities are like, we basically are our own countries now and no one's done anything. Can you just really quick tell us the mindset that allowed Washington to ignore this? Oh, well, I don't think it's that Washington's ignoring it Tucker. I think that it actually shows where the real power is. And that's with the federal bureaucracy and our, you know, our mutual friend, veh Karama Swami talks a lot about this, that the real, and again, like you hear this term threat to democracy, it's always projection.


When they talk about threat to democracy, they're always projecting on something else. Like the real threat to democracy. You and I have talked about this, is if The president of the United States orders generals to do a troop redeployment, and the generals refuse or lie to The president about what they've done, like that's a threat to democracy. And by the way, that happened at the very end of Donald Trump's presidency. Right? And none of those people got fired. None of them were even punished. So you ask about immigration in sanctuary cities, the answer to this question is the permanent bureaucracy in Washington doesn't want us to have a border. So even when you have a guy like Donald Trump who is using all of the powers of the presidency to try to enforce the southern border, like the bureaucrats have to listen to him on that issue because they report to him.


But they can make it easier for the state and municipalities to violate immigration law. And that's how they subvert the will of the American people's elected president. I mean this, this is like a fundamental question. Ask yourself, who amongst the United States of America, which citizens voted to have 25 million illegal aliens invade this country? Like, not, not. I don't think anyone, even, even Democrats who disagree with me about exactly what to do with the illegal immigrants who are here. I don't think that they voted for a literal invasion to this country. Okay? You talk about inflation, all the unaffordability problems, who voted to, in the name of environmental cleanliness to shut down American energy and ship it to China, which is the dirtiest economy in the entire world.


Nobody voted for that. So what these guys do abedded by the media, is they run on slogans, the media covers up for it. They pretend that those slogans have substance. And then even when the American people see through the BS and elect a guy like Donald Trump, the permanent bureaucracy fights him every step of the way. One of the most important things, Tucker, that we are gonna do when we win, is that we are going to make the bureaucracy responsive to the American people. It has to happen. If you don't do that, you don't have a real constitutional Republican. I mean, you're really gonna need to be tough to get that done. Are you confident You can do that? That Tucker? I'm confident we can do it because nobody has ever really tried because for 40 years we haven't had a real political opposition in this country.


And Now, we do think about that. I mean, J just, just take the three basic issues that we talked about, trade policy, immigration policy, foreign policy. There are disagreements even with within the Republican party about those issues. But every single one of those issues are winning issues with the American people. So what we're saying is crazy, as it sounds. We think the American people should have a government that reflects their best interests and their actual preferences. And we're gonna fight every single day to make it happen. And there's no reason to do this. I mean, look, as you know, my life was like very easy before I ran for political office. And Donald Trump's was way easier than mine.


We're only doing this because we think that we can get it done. We have to get it done to save the country. So I just wanna stop by repeating something you just said for 40 years, we haven't had an opposition party. And Now we do. God bless you. Thank you guys. Remember, go vote November 5th, vote before or vote on November 5th. God bless you guys. The big tech companies censor our content. I hate to tell you that it's still going on in 2024. But you know what? They can't censor live events.


And that's why we are hitting the road on a fall tour for the entire month of September coast to coast. We'll be in cities across the United States. We'll be in Reding, Pennsylvania with Alex Jones, Fort Worth, Texas, with Roseanne Barr Greenville, South Carolina, with Marjorie Taylor Green Sunrise, Florida with John Rich Jacksonville, Florida with Donald Trump Jr. You can get tickets at Tucker Carlson dot com. Hope to see you there. Thanks for listening. The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made. The complete library, Tucker Carlson com.