
Welcome to The Tucker Carlson Show. We bring you stories that have not been showcased anywhere else, and they're not s of course, because we're not gatekeepers. We are honest brokers here to tell you what we think you need to know and do it honestly. Check out all of our content at Tucker Carlson dot com. Here's the episode. JD Vance. Thank you for this. We're on the road. You're in Phoenix? Yep. So where is the race right now? I mean, sincerely, to the best of, well, first of all, before we start, who is that? This is Atlas. Atlas. Come here, Atlas. Come. What's up buddy? So this is Atlas, which I found out on the internet a few weeks ago, that he's actually a rent a dog that was given to me by the campaign to make me seem like I'm a dog fan.


And this is How weird, how weird. I know. And it's, it's actually hysterical to hear these lefties be like, oh, that dog, that's, that's totally not his dog. And you know, of course we got him when he was like an eight week old puppy and we've been, you know, we love dogs and he's, he's been our little guy, but he's like, so well-trained and so normal. It's like shocking to me that anybody would think that he's not our puppy, but Here we are. He's on the road with you. He's on the road with us. Yeah. So we have our whole family up here. My kids are like, you know, two, two stories above. And of course they woke up at like four 30, the as crack of dawn, because they're on like east coast time. Yes, Ohio time. And here we are in Arizona. So we've been up for a long time. I appreciate you doing this, but I'm gonna drink a lot of coffee during our, during our interview.


But anyway, you asked, you asked how was the Race going? Yeah. So what is it, I mean, yeah, what is your sincere belief about how this plays out? I mean, look, I think we're gonna win and I think we're gonna win. I wouldn't say comfortably, but I don't think it's gonna be the sort of thing where, you know, three days later we don't know the results of the election. Yeah. Who knows? of course I've been wrong before. But I mean, look, the basic fundamentals of the race are 65% of Americans give or take, or unhappy with the direction of the country. They're unhappy with the foreign policy chaos. They're unhappy with the fact they can't afford groceries or housing, and they're unhappy just generally with the fact that Kamala Harris is, you know, not a real person who's running for president. She clearly doesn't have her own ideas about how to advance the country forward.


So I think that we're in a good spot. Now, there was of course, the switcheroo from Biden to Harris and Even, those, a lot of Americans don't like Kamala Harris, like, you know, she's younger and she's not as infirm as Joe Biden is And. So that sort of invigorated the Democratic base a little bit. And you see that sugar high in a little bit of the public polling. I mean, we're, we're about eight weeks to go before election day, and the public polls have shifted a little bit in their direction. But what we're seeing both when we talk to the Kamala Harris, like the journalists that are close to the Kamala Harris campaign, I mean, you know how this goes, right? You sort of give journalists some information, they give you some information, you yourself are a journalist, or at least you once were.


And so our numbers, their numbers very clearly show that she's not doing very well in the states that she needs to win. Yeah. But a lot could change and we have to get out the vote And there, of course, are all of these ways in which Democrats have been become very good at using both big tech, but also this sort of ballot harvesting operation to try to squeeze out as many votes as possible in particular areas. So we have to do that ourselves. And I think that we're much better positioned to do it in 2024 than we were in 2020, though. There's a lot of catching up to do. But on balance, man, when the country's not going in the right direction, and people fondly remember the presidency of Donald Trump because take home pay was going up, I think that puts us in a good position.


but we still have to run our race. But, you know, my my prediction 60 40 is that we have a relatively early night on Tuesday night, and I think the 40% is, it's probably tight, but we still win. And you think they'll Accept that? Well, yeah, that's a good question. Right? I mean, he'll be Like, we call this race for Donald Trump, but it'll be like, you know, and he's The president. I didn't vote for him, but that's Okay. Well, I think that, look, there's only so much they can do, right? They've already switched out their candidates six weeks before their convention. They've already sort of marshaled the ballot harvesting operation, which of course is the story of 2020.


It's not like, you know, it's, it's not ballot machines were hacked into the story of 2020 is that they really, you know, turned on this ballot harvesting machine And. they used, of course, big tech to silence stories that were negative about Joe Biden. They're certainly gonna do that again. They're already seeing that, right? The technology sector is already fully in the tank for, for Kamala Harris, they've obviously switched out their candidates. So all of the negative feelings that people had about Joe Biden don't necessarily get translated onto Kamala Harris. They have different negative feelings, but it, but it is different. So yeah, I think they're doing everything that they can to ensure that Donald Trump is an elected president again. But there is only so much they can do. And I think it's important, you know, for those of us who think, like you and I do, there's this big question right, about like, how, what's actually going on with the people who run the country?


Are they evil geniuses or are they incompetence? And the more that I get to know these people, and the more that I, I sort of spend time around them, the more I think that they're much more incompetent than they are evil geniuses And. so that makes me think what they're doing. We can see it's all out in the open and we just have to push back against it as well as we can, but not assume that these people can, like, I mean, look, I, I just don't see any evidence that these people are like controlling the puppet strings and they're gonna do everything that they can. They're gonna do everything that they can, but it's not that much. So right now, yeah, I think Donald Trump's gonna be the next president, And if he gets elected president once again, do you think they'll accept that?


So that, yeah. Are you concerned? And Yeah, So This is, they've spent the last 10 years, you know, taking full control over the US military. Yeah. Which is a, I mean, I'm sorry to even talk like that, but they think that way. So it's worth saying it. Yeah. So, so that was, that's what worries me. So, right, so you, you hear all this talk about threats to democracy, right? And the biggest threat to democracy in this country is not like Donald Trump using legal maneuvers to challenge the 2020 election. The biggest threat to democracy is that the bureaucracy in Washington DC is fundamentally misaligned with at least half the country, right? Yes. So what I I I worry less about is like, do, are they gonna let Trump win? Well, it's not gonna be easy, but I actually do sitting here right now, maybe I'm wrong, but I do feel very confident that Trump's gonna be elected president.


That he will be president. I think the real fight is gonna be when he becomes president and he tries to do things, they're gonna take him down and try to take him down in a very big way. And that's where the real fight is gonna be. And, and I think there it is, it's gonna look like a few different things. So number one, I really worry about the minute we start doing anything on the deportation front, like you have 25 million illegal aliens. You and I have talked about. I think it's the biggest threat to our country. You have got to get these people outta the country. You are gonna have a reaction from the media, from the tech sector that's unlike anything that we've ever seen. It has fascism come to America. When we sell people who've come here illegally, you have to go back home, right? That, that is gonna be a major, major focal point.


I think the other thing that I really worry about, Tucker, is bond markets, right? Because the country's deeply in debt. Atlas, come here, come here, buddy. Hey, hey, come here, come here, come Here. Sit, sit, lay down. You're okay. Just chill out. I know you don't have your bed here. He's used to a nice plush pillow here. And he's like, what the hell? None of my stuff is here. I know. He's a very good dog. So the, the thing I really worry about on, on bond markets is, okay, we have call it 1.6 to $2 trillion in debt every single year in this country getting added to the national debt. And the only thing that really makes that serviceable is that interest rates are still pretty low, right?


They're about four point half percent right now, if interest rates go to 8% and you're actually spending way more to service the debt than you are on actual, like, good services and infrastructure for your country, like that can become a huge spiral that could take down the finances of this country. We've never had that in 200 plus years of being an American republic. We've never had a, a true debt spiral in this country. So I really worry about do the bond markets, do the international investors, the people who are getting rich off of globalization, the people who've gotten rich from shipping our manufacturing base to China. The people who've gotten rich from a lot of wars, do they try to take down the Trump presidency by spiking bond rates?


And, and one of the things that I think a lot about, and I talk to The president about this a lot, is when we think about who we're choosing as Treasury secretary, one of the things The president, of course, it's his choice ultimately, is we've gotta find the guy who's gonna make sure that we can manage this country through a real time of crisis where we get the country's finances back on track. That is one of the ways they could take down Donald Trump. And you have to ask yourself the tools at their disposal. They're doing everything that they can to manipulate voters. I don't think it's gonna work. But if Trump wins, it's not just gonna be smooth sailing for four years. They're gonna do everything that they can to take down his Presidency. So the key number is that interest rate. I think that's probably the most, the most important and the most impactful way they could try to take down his presidency is by spiking the interest rates.


You saw this, by the way, you, Tucker Liz Trust in in Britain. Yeah. Okay. Which by the way, like I, I like Liz Trust. I disagree with her on a lot of issues, but like, so I'm not, I'm not trying to stand up or say Liz Trust is my person. But look, she came in, she had a plan, and the Bank of England, I think made a lot of mistakes. Maybe intentional interest rates shot through the roof, and it took down her government in a matter of days. of course, we don't have the same style of government, but it would be devastating to The president if you had this bond market death spiral. And that's one of the things we're gonna have to fight against when we win again, how I think we're gonna win. Yeah, I think, I think so too. And I think if you don't win, barring some dramatic unforeseen development, it'll be hard for people to believe you didn't win.


Because who would, who would vote for more of this? But how do you prevent your opponents from spiking those rates? Well, I think one is, you, you have to get, I mean, look, you have to have actual smart people in government. And you, I mean, this, it sounds so simple and it sounds so obvious, but one of the things that I think we have done wrong on the Republican side is, you know, we don't like the government generally, right? There are things that we think the government should do, but we want the government to be smaller than the Democrats want the government to be. And so I think that that actually creates a blind spot where the things the government does, you actually want them to be done very well, and you want them done by very smart people.


And so I think you have to staff the Treasury Department with the right kind of people who can manage various fiscal problems. And then I also think that you have to be willing to actually pursue, whether you call it the Trump agenda, the America first agenda, you actually have to be willing to do this stuff, even when the media, and even when frankly, some Republicans howl on protest, right? So one thing The president has talked a lot about, by the way, it's not just smart policy, it's also very smart politics, is you need to penalize companies that are shipping America's industrial base overseas. And you need to reward companies that are hiring and building in the United States of America. Right? Well, one of the ways you do that is through tariffs. You say, if you're gonna manufacture all your stuff in China, we're gonna penalize you for trying to access American markets with goods that are made by slaves in China or some other country.


Now you do that, you both create more prosperity at home. You also raise some revenue from the companies that are just gonna say, we're staying in China. You know, your, your economic policy be damned. But isn't that actually stabilizes in a lot of ways, the fiscal situation in this country? You've also gotta tackle some of the big spending items. I mean, we, we still have, lemme give you a crazy statistic. So in 2019, total federal spending in this country was $4.5 trillion. In 2024, it will be north of six and a half trillion dollars. Okay? Where's that $2 trillion difference come from Tucker. Now people will say, and I think they're being dishonest and they're being even malicious, they'll say, well, that's Social security and Medicare, you have to fix social security and Medicare.


Well, of that delta man, of that difference, you're talking about maybe a hundred billion dollars additional per year on social security, maybe a hundred billion dollars in Medicare. So there's still $2 trillion that we're spending. And what happened in 2020 Covid, right? Covid blew up the American federal debt and the American federal budget deficit. And we've gotta get back to like some basic common sense and some, and some basic sanity there. And I think if we do that, you have smart people managing the bond markets of treasury and how we're auctioning off treasury bonds. And you actually have a president, I know Trump is, is, is committed to this, who's, who's committed to steering us through these very troubling financial times. Finally, you unleash America's energy markets because that drives down the cost of goods.


You do all those things in tandem, and you actually get America on a much more sustainable fiscal situation. But that's a lot. And you have to have a very strong president, and you have to have Republicans who are willing to go along with it. And I, I think that we have that tucker, but it's not easy, right? This is the basic, we have to be good at government Even those, we want the government to be smaller than the Democrats. We have to be good at government. And I think President Trump is very committed to that. We're gonna have to see how much we can bring our fellow Republicans along. So two pretty easy, very popular ways to save money would be one, no more subsidizing illegal immigration. That's Exactly right. We're not gonna pay people to break our laws. We're not gonna pay them to rob liquor stores, you know, or come into this country illegal.


We're not gonna give 'em free cell phones or free airplane tickets or housing vouchers. We're not gonna stop doing that. And the second is, we're gonna stop sending billions of dollars around the world to Exactly right. People who hate us, who Yeah. You know, when it doesn't serve our interest. Yeah. Why can't we do those things? Well, That's very important, right? So this is one of the reasons why I'm instinctively skeptical. And look, I want f, I want Social security and Medicare to be financially sustainable for the long term. They're very important programs for our elderly Americans. But when people say the reason why we can't have reasonable spending policies is because of social security and Medicare, I'm like, whoa, whoa, whoa. That's a distraction. You're Distracting from the reason that we actually have an out of control budgetary picture. That's why I just gave you the six and a half versus four and a half trillion dollars number.


What are we really spending money on that is unsustainable? It's wars, right? It's foreign conflicts. And you're right, it's hundreds of billions of dollars per year that we're spending on illegal aliens. Now, here's a crazy thing. I've been in the Senate for not even two years when I ask people how much money, okay? Talk about healthcare for illegals, talk about social security fraud, talk about Medicare fraud, talk about housing vouchers, because Even, those illegal aliens aren't entitled to section eight. There's fraud in the program. And also their children are entitled to section eight. So of course that money flows to the illegal aliens. Add all this up and then take probably 25, 30 million people who are here illegally. And maybe that undercounts it.


How much are we actually spending per year on illegal aliens in this country? No one in our government knows. Okay, I've heard estimates that it's a hundred billion dollars a year. I've heard estimates that it's $600 billion a year. I've heard estimates that it's even higher. There are ways to estimate it, but we don't actually have good, good ways to track this stuff because a lot of the money Tucker think about this, a lot of the money is spent at the local level, right? So if you're an illegal alien, you commit a crime and you're, you know, you're in a local jail cell, like we're not really counting that money from or into the cost of, of, of having legal aliens. But of course, if you're a municipality and you're spending $40,000 a year to house some criminal, who should go back to where he came from?


That's real money. Right? Or let's take this example. Where do most illegal aliens get their healthcare? Emergency rooms. Emergency rooms, Exactly right. So what is the, that's why you Can't go to an emergency room. Now, the when your kid Gets sick, the wait, the wait time in emergency rooms has nearly doubled over the last few years because we have all these illegal aliens who are getting hospital services at emergency rooms. Well, obviously they're not paying the bill when they get it. Who pays the bill? The American taxpayer. You add up all these costs, and I think it's hundreds of billions of dollars that we're spending on illegal aliens. And this is why I think it's ridiculous for people to say, well, well, we can't get America's fiscal picture under control unless we, we, we cut, you know, social security from American citizens who have paid into it for 45 years.


My response is, why don't we start with the wars, and why don't we start with not giving illegal aliens a ton of benefits and then see where our fiscal situation is after that. We haven't done that. Those are wildly popular ideas. I I can't imagine that they're below Yeah, 65, 70% in the polls, if you were to pose that question probably higher. Yeah. Yeah, probably higher. But there's no sense that any of those things are gonna happen because there's so much money behind keeping them in place. Yeah. What do you do about that? Well, I, I think what you have to do is, first of all, you have to go at the heart of the people who actually drive public opinion and drive the decisions that are made in this country. I mean, we don't, Tucker the reason why all these popular things don't happen.


Like why aren't we deporting illegal aliens? Why aren't we cutting off the money spigot that goes to illegal aliens? Why aren't we stopping sending thousands of American kids to die overseas in some pointless war? It's because in reality right now, we don't live in a real democracy in this country. Right? The people who call the shots in this country have further and further divorced themselves from any kind of real democratic accountability. Right? So ask yourself, in 2008, did America have a real choice between the foreign policy of John McCain and the foreign policy of Barack Obama? Of course we did, right? They were, they were saying in effect, the exact same thing for the first time in 2016, we had a real choice between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton.


Okay? Right. of course, the American people chose Donald Trump, despite every, every incentive in every pressure to not choose Donald Trump. The American people still chose Donald Trump. And of course, what did they do? They spent the next four years trying to destroy them. So the question is like, how do we do these things? You have to make the actual levers of government power accountable to the American people. And that means you've gotta be able to fire bureaucrats who don't do their job. Right? This is a common sense. I mean, let me take like a very isolated example. If you were to poll what percentage of Americans think that the VA should be more responsive to the healthcare concerns of American veterans, that's probably a 95% issue. Okay? And I, you know, I'm a veteran myself.


I served in the Marine Corps, I went to Iraq, I have gone through the VA healthcare system, and, and by the way, 92%, 95% of the people who work in the VA are great. But as you know, in any organization, if you have 5% of people who refuse to do their job and you can't get rid of 'em, they make it impossible for the 95% of people who are trying to do their job. And of course, the veterans suffer because of it. So why does the VA not work as well as the American people want it to? Because the 5% who don't do their job at the VA are calling the shots and making it harder on everybody else. And that basic story is true in our entire government. The joint chiefs of staff, Donald Trump orders the joint chiefs of staff to do a troop rotation in Syria. The joint chiefs of staff lie to him.


They actually stagger the troop redeployments in a way where it looks like they're obeying his orders when in actuality they're actually disobeying his orders. Okay? Every single person who is involved in that decision should be fired. You have to make, it's not arrested the government. How, how can the military in a democracy acts, you know, Ly the commander in chief. The commander in chief tells you to do Something. We don't have to in control of the military. Like that's the nightmare scenario. That's a hundred. Yeah, that's right. But that, but that, that is part and parcel of the broader problem, which is you don't have real democratic accountability in our government. And to get it back, the people who call the shots have to be responsive to the elected president. And this is one of, you know, Trump's main campaign platforms. One of the main things that he talks about, and of course I think he learned in some ways the hard way during his first four years in office is The president recognizes that if you have people in your government who you tell to do something And, they disobey you.


That's not like checks and balances, they're part of your government. The check and balance is the house of the Senate, the judiciary. Right? Exactly. If the people in your own government aren't obeying you, you have got to get rid of them and replace them with people who are responsive to what The president is trying to do. If you don't have that, you don't have a real democratic bill. You gotta be A nut cutter because that, that's the system at stake. That's right. That's democratic control. How do voters have any control over their government if the people they elect have no control over? That's Exactly right, man. And, and, and, and, and again, it's, it's, we have to sort of remind ourselves that it's real. People who suffer because of this, right? There are Americans who are dead because the joint chiefs of staff didn't listen to The, president of the United States when he said, you need to do true redeployments outta Syria.


There are veterans who are dead because the VA does not function as well as it could because The president needs to be able to fire again, the small number, but the small number of people who aren't doing their job. And that same story repeats itself, rinse and repeat through the entire American government. You have got to have basic democratic accountability. And I think, you know, most Americans recognize like, look, we're fine with, you know, bureaucrats making a reasonable salary. We're fine with people having a good life, but they've got to do their job, right? When you're in public service, you have got to do your job. And whether you're an elected official or an unelected bureaucrat, if you're not doing your job, you gotta get out there and make way for somebody who will So.


if you guys win and you start firing people who are acting against orders of their commander in chief and against the expressed will of voters, the New York Times will call it a fascist takeover. That's exactly right. So the question is, do you care? Well, I think we have to not care right now, you, you know, you have to care about public opinion, of course, because you have to actually make the case to the American people. But if you're Acting on behalf of the public, You have to say yeah. To, to, I mean, look, it is, it's, what's so funny about it is it's the opposite, right? Real democracy is when the elected leaders, the voters elect actually make the decisions in the government, right? Fascism, if it's anything, it's that the voters don't get any say in how their government actually operate.


Exactly. So I, I think you have to do it. And, and look man, I I've been in politics all of two years, but there are all of these really subtle ways in which the media, the tech sector, the people who call the shots, try to manipulate the American public and manipulate political leadership into not doing the things the American people actually want. So here, let me give you an example. Mark this down. I guarantee in 18 months or so, we're gonna have, this is gonna be prophetic. So right now, according to public opinion, polling, 65% of Americans give or take support mass deportations, meaning 25 million people here, you've gotta send some of them back to where they came from. Okay? That's, that's a common sense issue.


Two thirds of Americans give or take support it in 18 months. There will be media stories, And, there will be public opinion polls to back it up that actually Americans do not support mass deportations. That Donald Trump is doing all of these terrible things and he has to stop. It's in it's inhumane, it's evil, and the American public don't support it. The same people who put those public opinion polls together are the same people who say, for example, that Donald Trump was gonna lose Wisconsin by 17 points. Remember that? Yeah. Three days before the 2020 election, Donald Trump was supposed to lose Wisconsin by 17 points and set to the side. All of the debates about what happened in 2020 Wisconsin was basically a tight election. So these guys use public polls, they use the media, not not even just to manipulate public opinion, but to manipulate our leadership about what public opinion actually says.


So How does that ha So those Polls Aren fake is what You're saying? Oh, absolutely. They're fake. They're absolutely fake. And we see this, I mean, again, you know, this is like very nerdy, but let's like go down this polling rabbit hole. Okay? So I, I, you know, a friend of mine I think is the best pollster in America. Every race I've ever seen in poll, he's way better than anybody else. Okay? So good pollster versus a standard media pollster. Fabricio Fabricio, Tony Fabricio, great guy. He's the president's pollster. Okay? Take a standard media poll and ask yourself like, what are they doing? Those Polls Aren all conducted by what's called online panels. In other words, they have a group of people that they go to again and again and again. They ask their opinion, well, who are the people who are gonna respond aggressively to online panels about what they feel about every issue of the day?


A a bunch of highly engaged, typically far left, typically people with professional degrees, people who are not representative of the American people at large, right? Meanwhile, most Americans are trying to pay their mortgage and trying to take care of their kids and trying to do all the things that are necessary to live a life in this country. And they're not answering the phone. When a pollster picks up So, if you actually look at the good pollsters, they're telling you a radically different story because they're talking to a representative sample of the United States and the fake media, Polls Aren talking to a very narrow slice of the United States. And again, they're trying to sell us a story. And it's not just, again, it's not just, this is not primarily to manipulate the American people, I think, I think it's to manipulate us, meaning elected officials.


Because I've sat in lunches with a number of my colleagues who will say, look at this poll and look how Americans are responding to this or that issue. And then you realize that that exact same poll was wildly inaccurate two years ago. Why are you making your judgments about what the American people believe based on some poll? And oh, by the way, why don't you express some leadership Why? Don't you just actually have a view and go to the American people and try to persuade them that your view is wise and then enact legislation in accordance with that wisdom. Yeah. Right? Like that, that that's how real leadership should work. Well, What's so deceptive, and I think what people don't realize is that a lot of these Polls Aren designed not to measure opinion, but to shape It.


Yes. So they are tools of influence a Hundred percent. President Trump said this recently in an interview where he said that the purpose of some of these polls that say, okay, you're down 17 points in Wisconsin, so say you're a Republican voter, you wanna support Donald Trump and JD Vance. And of course the polls now are much better for us than they were back in 2020. But let, let's say you wanna support President Trump and you read a story that says he's down by 17 points in Wisconsin, why even show up? Right? So there's a voter suppression dynamic here where you try to get people to get depressed and to drop out of the democratic process. Don't even go and vote if The president is down by so much.


The purpose of these polls is actually manipulation of both the public themselves, but also of course, elected officials. And I think that we just have to, we have to have the courage to trust our own convictions to say, screw you. I don't buy the polls. And to do what you think is right on, on, on behalf of the country Sounds so common sense. A lot, a lot of elected leaders don't live in the world of common sense. So you said at the outset that, you know, if the current tra trajectory continues, you, you're pretty confident you're gonna win. Yeah. I mean, you look, You can never be sure. And you know, I, I've been wrong before, but I, I just look, the energy on the ground is really good, right?


Yes. I mean, you know, we had an event yesterday in Arizona and you know, we had a few thousand people there and we didn't have a rockstar or rapper there. We just had a few thousand people. And I'm the VP candidate. I'm not the presidential candidate. President Trump is getting 20,000 person crowds. I do think that crowd size is predictive of enthusiasm. And so you're seeing a lot of evidence that things are, are, are that our voters are enthused, the internal numbers are good. People aren't happy with the direction of the country. I feel like we're gonna win. But yes. Yeah. Never everything you're saying makes sense. I think it's demonstrable. Yeah. But you gotta think that the Kamala Harris campaign is also aware of this, that there may not lying to themselves who may be involved in fake polls designed to mislead, you know, others.


But they are probably clear-eyed about their chances. They are. And I doubt that. I just, I just have trouble believing they're just gonna sit back and think, well, you know, Trump's tried hard. People kind of prefer him. Yeah. Well, It's funny. Like what do you think could happen between now and election? Yeah, Yeah. Well, it's, it's funny man, because you know how this works, but I'll sort of give some insight into your, into this for your, your viewers and your listeners. Okay. So I have said publicly, I've been attacked by this from The Left. I've said, look, Kamala's own internal Polls Aren not very good right now. And of course the lefties say, well, JD Vance is the VP candidate for Republicans. Nobody in Kamala Harris's campaign is talking to. And that's right. By the way, Kamala Harris's campaign is not talking to me, but they are talking to journalists.


Yeah. And then those journalists want insights into what's going on with the Republican ticket. of course, they wanna see our internal numbers. Yeah. And look that journalists are telling me that Kamala Harris doesn't like her numbers. The journalists are telling me our campaign does like their numbers. There's a consistency of story here. Do journalists Act as kind of like the, it's an information, they're Like the intelligence operatives. Right? Like totally true. And some of 'em are working for intelligence operative Yeah. Journalists are electoral politics with like the CIA is the international relations. It's Totally Sure. People think, just like in polling, if they go Polls Aren designed to measure what people think, journalists are designed to report what happened. No, journalists are players in the political system. Yes.


And, they do not disclose that to their readers. And, and you see it up, quote, but it's interesting, they play the role of kind of like covert diplomats between the Campaigns. Yes, they do. Yeah. And I'll tell you, I mean, in 2016, what the journalists were telling you was Hillary Clinton's campaign is confident, but then some of them, like Bill Clinton, were very not confident. Yeah. And in 2020 they were saying nobody really knows what's going on. And in 2024 they're saying Kamala Harris is feeling a little bit rough about her chances. Yeah. The Trump people are very, are feeling good about their chances. Look, I think we're in a good spot, but you, you can't take this stuff for granted. Right. And, and by the way, I think this goes in both ways, right? If you take too rosie of a picture, You can get demotivated if you take too pessimistic of a picture.


You can get demotivated, excuse me. We still have to do our job. We have to go out there persuade voters, right? We have to go out there and knock on doors. If you are watching this and you wanna get involved in the campaign, like go and do it. Go to donald j trump.com volunteer, become a door knocker because we actually can win this race. I think we will win this race, but not if we sit on our asses and don't get out there and work for it. Right? What if the hot war breaks out between now and November? Well, that's a, that's a very good question. That, look, I obviously just baseline, I don't want a hot war to break out because I don't think that we have a functional president right now. Right. I, I think I, I genuinely think that the closest thing that we have to a president right now is Kamala Harris, because Joe Biden cl clearly can't do the job.


The people around him recognize that. And so it's the bureaucrats and Kamala who are calling the shots. If God forbid, a, a true hot war, not just between Russia and Ukraine, but a broader regional war broke out, or not just between, you know, Israel and some of Iran's proxies, but a broader regional war. It would scare the hell outta me to have Kamala Harris at the helm. And I, I think that we, we have to do a better job at highlighting, it's not just Kamala Harris, you know, we say these things about her that are true. She wanted to defund the police, she wanted to ban fracking, she wanted to open the border. These things are all true. In fact, she is on video saying these things. Oh yeah. But there's a fundamental incompetence to Kamala Harris. Okay. So let me ask you what, what, what, what was the Biden turnover rate among the people who worked for Joe Biden?


About 78%. That's by the way, about medium for American politics, right. Working in the White House is a tough job. Donald Trump did better than that. But I think Donald Trump, you know, a lot of people have a very certain, a very intense loyalty to Donald Trump. So it's not surprising he did better. Okay. Kamala Harris, 92% turnover. If a hot war breaks out, who is even gonna be staffing the administration? If you have a person who can't keep human beings in the executive administration of the government, right. That, that, that, that's scary. If you're such an incompetent person that 90%, 92% of your staff doesn't wanna work for you, maybe we shouldn't elect that person as president. Where you watch Kamala Harris give an interview.


I mean, this is not a person who has like very well developed views about what she wants to do in the world. She's fundamentally a cog in the wheel of a very corrupt machine that scares the hell outta me when that person goes to negotiate with a world leader about a hot war. So, okay, we're talking about the substance. Okay. I know, I know you're interested in the politics too. I, I don't know, like if, God forbid the Rush Ukraine thing becomes a broader regional war, I don't know if that helps Kamala Harris or hurts her. I almost think it's like too grotesque to even think about because hundreds of thousands and maybe more people would be dying and I would just be terrified for the country and terrified for humanity. Well, I, I couldn't agree more. Obviously I agree with that vehemently. I only ask because I wonder if there's an incentive.


I I think they're desperate. Yeah. I think they worry That if Absolutely you guys get back in that you're gonna be a little less humorless and forgiving this time. A lot of people have committed very serious crimes against the United States. They're currently serving in government like they have. Yeah. They're afraid of what happens if you win And. they should be. So, like, do they have an incentive to start a hot war? I guess that's my question. Yeah, no, it's, look, it's a totally fair question and I don't know, because I don't know that it actually helps them, right? Because one of the things that look, even President Trump's critics would have to admit, like, remember this, like, I, I was a Trump critic back in 2016. of course you remember this. The president remembers this very well. Who does he say to you about it? He bust my balls about it all the time. And you, you hear these people who say, well, you know, Trump and Biden are both, you know, too old for the presidency.


And it's like, Trump's memory is like a steel trap. Trust me. I know. 'cause he remembers what I said about him in September of 2015 to like an excruciating level of detail. But obviously, you know, The president and I are, are like, like very simply, I changed my mind because he was a great president, right? Yeah. But remember back then, the thing that they said about him is that he would start a nuclear one. Oh, I remember, right? That was the main thing that, alright, you've got this cowboy, he's gonna start a nuclear war with Russia or China or somebody else. And even his critics admit that in hindsight, he was actually The president of peace. Now of course, conflicts break out, bad things happen.


The president can't control everything. But he was remarkably good at using diplomatic leverage and the threat of American power to keep the world in a, in a place of relative calm and stability. So if a hot war breaks out, my guess would be a lot of Americans would say, holy shit, we've gotta get back to the guy who knows how to manage the world. Yeah. Not the person who's so incompetent that she blundered us into this conflict in the first place. But I mean, look, man, like who knows, by the way, it's shocking how little we know about the guy who shot Donald Trump in the head. I mean, weeks later, months later, we still have no idea. We allegedly have no idea what the guy's real motive is. But do I think that they are gonna do increasingly crazy things to try to prevent Donald Trump from becoming president?


Yes. I don't know exactly what that's gonna look like. I think we have to be prepared for it, and we, we just have to do everything we can to make sure he wins. Last question. And as to what you just said, Trump gets shot in front of everybody, live on TV and the media, you know, bury it. But there's also you would think a process in place to find out what exactly was that? Yeah. Who was the person who did it? Why did he do it? Why was he allowed to do it? Is that process underway? I never hear Trump talk about it. I never hear you talk about it. Like, like what, when are we gonna find out what that was? Yeah, I mean, part, part of the reason why we don't talk about it that much is because we recognize that Kamala Harris runs the administration right now.


And do we, like, do we trust Kamala Harris's Department of Justice to, to really investigate this stuff? I mean, I don't, I don't think The president does either, but there needs to be a real investigation into this stuff. I think it's bizarre that we don't know anything about the guy's motive, though I've heard, you know, various rumors. We don't really know anything about the guy's motive. I think there clearly were some very serious security breakdowns. Some of my colleagues in the Senate have done a good job of pointing this stuff out. But unless you have an administration that's willing to cooperate, you can't actually do this stuff. And I think he'd be much better at, at sniffing out what's going on. He would with, with all these security breakdowns. But I, I mean, I, I think, so here's, this should be actually a media scandal.


Okay. So Kamala Harris is running against Donald Trump for President Kamala Harris runs the government right now. And Donald Trump came within millimeters of having his life taken by a massive security breakdown. She should be using every lever of power to force insight and to force some sunlight into what's actually been going on here. Yes. What break breakdown happened, the fact that she's totally uninterested in it, I think is a real scandal. Her political opponent nearly got killed, and she has not used her government to actually investigate why or what security breakdowns led to him almost getting killed the media. And everybody else should be really pissed off about this because she could be doing much more than she's doing right now.


And she's, but It suggests like a level of darkness that's hard for, for me to accept. I mean, what Is that? I mean, I don't know. Right? Is it incompetence? Is it that she doesn't wanna get to the bottom of it? Is it that if a story comes out that this guy was The Left wing radical, does it help Donald Trump? And so she wants to hide the motive. Like there are so many different explanations here for what could be going on. But look, man, I'm a realist. Do I think that we're gonna find out what actually happened in Bucks County, Pennsylvania before the election? No, I don't. Because every incentive that exists in our government right now is to hide it. Is to suppress it is to lie about it is to cover up for various people's failures. And because of that, look, man, I just don't think we're gonna learn a whole lot about it.


We're gonna try. And my senate, again, Ron Johnson's a great, great friend of mine, a great senate colleague, does a very good job. I know he is obsessed with trying to get to the bottom of the security failure. Like how did the guy get with an AR 15, 130 yards from The president? Which as you know, that is like a pot shot, right? That's a layup for an AR 15. It's shocking in some ways that President Trump didn't lose his life, but the fact that we're not more focused on the security breakdowns that led to that in the first place. Look man, it's bizarre. It's dark and I think unfortunately we're not gonna learn a whole lot about it until November. And the problem is that like so many American young people in their twenties, he had no social media profile whatsoever. Yeah. He never went online, never went online, never went online and never said anything publicly.


And everybody, he was basically a ghost. Yeah. A ghost who just so happened to nearly kill the future president of the United States. And yeah, man, it's, it's pretty weird. It's pretty weird. JD. Vance. Senator, Senator JD Vance, thank you very much. Absolutely. Thanks man. Appreciate it. Thanks for listening. The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made. The complete library, Tucker Carlson com.