
Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to introduce someone who I consider one of the smartest people I know and whose understanding of the world is matched only by his ability to synthesize huge themes and illustrate them with precise detail. Someone who's traveled the world for 40 years, a man who not only writes about the leaders of the world but knows them personally. Professor Jeffrey Sachs. Thanks. Great, Thank you. Thank you. Thank you very much, Jeff. Thank you. So how long I just, you were telling me backstage, I didn't realize this for, for those who enjoyed Prime Minister or Bonnet, I'm one of them.


I was, tell us when you first met the prime minister. We met 46 years ago. 36 years ago. 36 years ago. 1989. He was just getting outta jail at that point Now. Yeah, they were just opening up and this young guy was starting a political party And he gave me a call and we sat in our, my backyard in, in Boston for a few hours and I thought, okay, this guy's gonna be prime minister for most of the next 36 years. It is very, very impressive then. So what about, and very impressive now, So you said that you saw in him, and it's not just about him, but it's about what are the markers of enduring leadership?


What makes you know this politician impressive? While most of 'em are not impressive, what did you see in him? What do you see in leaders like him who have been successful? Look, this was 1989. It was even before the Berlin Wall fell, but Hungary had cut the barbed wire. So people were, that was the beginning of the end in 1989 of the Soviet domination of, of Eastern Europe. And this young guy said, I'm gonna make a political party and I'm gonna be a leader and I'm gonna make a new Hungary. And what he showed was vision that, look, we're a great country.


We've been held back for the last 45 years. I'm gonna help lead the way. And it was a fetus. Young Democrats I think was the translation of it. And he just had the idea we're we're gonna move forward. He was a kid and we we're all kids then. And you could see that there was energy, vision, foresight, and, and it proved right. Yeah. And a toughness. So you heard his analysis, I think of where we are with the war in Ukraine, election of Trump on the basis in part of, you know, his promise to, to try to end this if he can.


You saw the new Secretary of Defense say, no, we're not gonna support Ukraine's entry into nato. Where are we now? You know, yesterday was the most important day for peace in maybe decades, actually. This war in Ukraine resulted from a very bad idea of the United States taken in 1994. It's a project. The project was a project to expand NATO forever, anywhere. Just keep moving east, keep moving. Not only to the first wave, which was the prime minister's country, Hungary, CZE Republic and Slovakia, but then move eastward closer to the former Soviet Union into the former Soviet Union, surround Russia in the Black Sea region.


Go all the way to little country in the south, caucuses Georgia. It was mind boggling. Clinton signed onto that in 1994, it became what we call the Deep State Project, meaning it didn't really matter who The president was, each president would come and basically would be informed NATO's moving eastward. You're part of that process. So Clinton started it in 1994. And as the prime Minister Orban said, he mentioned briefly in 1990 on February 9th, 1990, in unequivocal clear as can be terms the United States and said to President Miha, Gorbachev, NATO will not move one inch eastward.


And if you have any doubt about it, all the documents are now online available. You can scrutinize everything. Hans Dietrich Cher, the US, the German foreign minister said the same thing, same day. He's on tape actually explaining, no, no, I don't just mean within Eastern Germany. I mean anywhere to the East. Clinton being Clinton and the US Deep state being the US deep state started this project in 1994. They already had the idea by the way, in, in 19 91, 92, as soon as the Soviet Union ended, aha, now we move.


Now we move eastward. Now we control everything. Now we are the sole superpower. So this has gone on for 30 years and each president got into it under George Bush Jr. Seven more countries were added. Estonia, Lavia, Lithuania, Slovakia, Slovenia, Bulgarian, Romania, nine in 2004. Then in 2007, president Putin said at the summit that's taking place right now, the Munich Security Summit said, stop, you told us no expansion, not an eastward expansion, even an inch.


You said you've now done 10 countries. Stop. Perfectly reasonable stop. I don't think our president Donald Trump would much like to see China and Russia building their military bases up from Central America. You know, this was how the Russians saw this. Why are you coming to our border when you told us you weren't gonna move? And there was one other thing that was very important in this, which is probably the most decisive thing and almost not even recognized in 2002 the US did something really, really, really destabilizing.


And that is it unilaterally left the anti-ballistic missile treaty. That was a core strategy to stop a nuclear war between the two superpowers. Because what a BM had done for 30 years was to say, we each have deterrence you, if you strike us, we can strike back. We'll limit our anti-ballistic missiles so that both sides maintain deterrence. In 2002, the United States unilaterally, unprovoked, walked out of a BM, said, no, no, we're not gonna do it anymore.


We're going to put anti-ballistic missile systems into Russia's bordering territories. The Russians said, are you kidding? The US said, what's your problem? We do what we want. So in 2007, Putin said, stop. Already in 2008, George Bush Jr. Doubled down as Americans typically do, and said, okay, now we're moving to Ukraine and to Georgia. That was why this war occurred. But Ukraine had one more sliver of of life and that was that they elected a president in 2010 that didn't want to be part of nato and the public didn't wanna be part of nato.


Why? Because they knew this is very dangerous. Why get into this provocative situation? His name was Victor Yakovich. Americans don't like neutrality, but Yakovich was trying to be neutral between the two sides. And the US played a rather unfortunate role on February 22nd, 2014 in a violent overthrow of this person. And that's when the war started. And it's been now 10 years and no president has told the truth until yesterday. By the way, yesterday is a historic day because the, A call took place between President Putin and President Trump.


It was the first call at, we don't know if there had been a short call beforehand between the two of them, but there was no call by Biden and Putin with war going on for three years, no call. And now there was a call and the readout from the American side was excellent. What President Trump said in the call was, we respect Russia, we hear Russia's concerns. We fought on the same side in World War ii. Nice point by the way, true Russia lost. Soviet Union lost 27 million people in World War II and was an ally of the United States.


The fact that wasn't mentioned for years and years and years by President Biden. And then the defense Secretary Heg said, the new defense secretary said yesterday, the truth for the first time that Ukraine is not going to join nato, this is the basis for peace. This is absolutely the basis for peace. And they couldn't tell the truth For three decades. They could not admit what any of us knew because I've been around this region for 36 years in detail.


I sat with Boris Yeltsin, I sat with Michel Gorbachev. But the Americans would not tell the truth publicly until yesterday that this was so provocative. It was game. They thought they'd win the game. I don't know how many people here play or played in their childhood. The game of risk. The game of risk was a big game for me. You wanted your peace on every part of the world map. That was the game when you took over the whole world. World hegemony, we now call it you won. They're playing that game until this administration.


So the two most important, three important things have happened in my view in this administration so far. First, our new Secretary of State, Marco Rubio, told the fundamental truth, we are in a multipolar world. First time the sentence was uttered. He told the truth. What does it mean? The American mindset for 30 years was we run the show. Marco Rubio said, well we don't run the show. We live with other powerful countries. Great start second and third. Were the two events yesterday. So I'm feeling about peace that this is really something that happened yesterday.


If, if they follow through, we know what Washington is like. There's every crazy idea. Swarming still a project of 30 years doesn't go down necessarily in one phone call or one statement by the Secretary of Defense. But it's pretty important that it was said so publicly and so visibly. And of course Europe is in a tizzy because Europe signed on to the US project. All these politicians in Europe are there where they are because they were part of the US project.


And now the US is reversing its project and you didn't tell us and you didn't. What are we supposed to do? We're way out there. And so they're completely befuddled. And I have to say, I told them personally, many of these leaders, and I mean personally, one by one for years, you are gonna get trapped this way because this project doesn't work. It doesn't make sense. It's a game for the Americans, but it's life and death for the Russians. So it cannot be won by the American side. It's impossible. And I tried to tell them, and nobody in Europe either had the clarity or the guts to see it except the person that preceded me in this seat.


Prime Minister Orban. Because he was completely clear about this from the first day. Now others are starting, but even till today, the Europeans can't get it. 'cause they're so deeply invested in something that makes no sense. They should have said, Russia's big, it lives near near us, let's cooperate. That's how you do it.


Your online activity is being watched and not just certain things. You search on your private browser, everything is being watched shady. Big tech companies are constantly hawking your information because their profits depend on it. They get rich by invading your privacy, then selling your data to anybody who's willing to pay for it. It's scary. And people need a way to escape from its grasp. And that's where Express VPN comes in with express VPN 100% of your online activities rerouted through secure, encrypted servers making it impossible for data brokers to see what you do online or buy and sell that information. Now unfortunately, we live in a world where companies will do anything to invade your privacy. And they're doing it right now. ExpressVPN is a way to shield what is sacred to you. From rapacious data brokers, right now, you get an extra four months for free. When you use this show special link, go to ExpressVPN dot com slash tucker. We recommend it.


I think one of the reasons we went up in this position, we meaning in the United States, but also Europe, is there's a habit of speech which reflects a habit of mind, which is an unwillingness to engage with ideas and instead resort immediately to attacking the other person on the basis of motive. And you saw this with Orban, you're a Russian sto or whatever, and was especially hilarious as he explained, you know, he's the opposite of a Russian sto of course lifelong this country was occupied by the Russians. But you do see it also in the United States and it makes it kind of impossible to have a rational conversation about any, I know you've been the the butt of this too. Not whining about it, but it's like, yeah, is there even a culture in our foreign policy establishment of having rational conversations to the point where we can solve problems like this?


You know, we've talked about, I think an uncle of yours who's one of my favorite politicians of American history, Jay William Fulbright. And he wrote a book in the 1960s called The Arrogance of Power. And I was a a kid then. And I read that book like it was the coolest thing imaginable. This was the chairman of the US Foreign Relations Committee saying we're too arrogant to think clearly. That was amazing. He was an amazing person. Now I think that's the fundamental problem. I'm not sure we're properly over it, but I have to say that in 19 90, 91, we had the chance for global peace, really for global peace.


That doomsday clock of the atomic scientist, which I like to refer to so much, which measures how close or far are we from nuclear war was the farthest away it was ever in its history because the Cold War had ended. So I was there as a, as a young economist who actually knew something about economic stabilization. And I made proposals. And interestingly, just as a footnote, I advised the Polish government in 1989. I just, long story, but suddenly as a kid I happened to be there and I helped write their plan.


And I, everything I recommended for Poland was immediately accepted by the White House. It was a very odd thing. In fact, I went, one day I had an idea of mobilizing some finance to help Poland stabilize. And I called the Polish finance minister, said, do you mind if I try to raise a billion dollars for you today? Which was a lot of money in in those days. And he said, if you raise a billion dollars, that would be great. So I called Bob Dole, our Senate majority leader, whom I knew because of the Poland work that I was doing. And he invited me immediately into his office And he said, come back in an hour.


So I came back in an hour. This was September, 1989. And who was sitting there? General Brent Crot. Oh, okay. He was the general, who was our national security advisor. I was a kid, so it was a little bit interesting moment. And he, Senator Dole said to me, explain to General SKO Proft your idea. So I handed him the paper and this is how you do financial stabilization and here's how you stabilize the currency. And SKO Kroft looked at it and said, well will this work? And I said, general, this will work. And Dole led me outta the office and said, call me back later in the day.


So at 5:00 PM I called and Dole said, did the White House is called, you have tell your friends you have the 1 billion. So I raised a billion dollars that day. It was good. So no, no, it had nothing to do with me because it was the right idea. The polish is ti stabilized. I did a good, I did a good thing. I was a technically equipped, sophisticated manager of a financial stabilization, or not manager, but advisor on the financial stabilization. Okay. Then in 1991, I recommended the same thing for Gorbachev and for this creaking collapsing Soviet Union.


Gorbachev wanted to have elections and all of the republics. And he wanted to democratize and stabilize. So, okay, I know something about that, Mr. President. And so we met in the Harvard Kennedy school and there were 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 of us, a little team. One of them was the Chief economic advisor of Gorbachev Gregory Linsky. One was the dean of the Kennedy School. One became a very senior diplomat, Bob Blackwell that I deal with. One was a very senior economist at MIT Stanley Fisher.


We wrote a, a plan for how the Soviet Union could stabilize. And I did the chapter on the financing, basically the same thing that I had said for Poland. Okay. It was completely rejected within about 12 hours in Washington. Okay? I hated this for the next 30 years, I have to tell you, because we just could not take yes for an answer. A couple of months ago, someone sent me from the archives, the first time that I'd ever seen it, the National Security Council Minutes rejecting the proposal. Fascinating to read.


'cause that's your life before your eyes watching this. There was a guy named Dick Darman, who was a former colleague of mine, the technical term. I don't, I don't think I can say it in mixed company actually. So I I, I won't say what I would say about him, but it's an unpleasant English word. It's really nasty. Too nasty for a polite company. He says in this thing, we should do the minimum necessary so that there's not a collapse, but nothing more. And quotes Machiavelli.


And you know, we're not interested and we're not gonna do this. And it's, it's really watching stupid people taking important stupid decisions. Fools by the way, they never called to say, can we discuss stabilization? This guy knew nothing. They don't understand anything. They don't care. So what were they doing? They actually reached a conclusion at the end of the meeting. We're gonna do the minimum possible. I mean, minimum, minimum. It's not our business to help. We're not gonna do any of that. That's arrogance of power. We don't have to do anything.


Why we're the United States? We don't have to do anything. They didn't even look, the stakes for the world were very high. You could have a 30 minute phone call to understand financial stabilization. You could say in history, when countries are destabilized this way, here's how stability has worked. That was my specialty. That's what I knew and taught at Harvard and knew, knew a lot about. But they're so arrogant that it's not even to discuss for a half an hour any of this. And they didn't.


And they took a terrible decision. And by the way, my point is not that that led onto this and this and this. No, they took terrible decisions for the next 35 years. This could have been stopped at any moment. Not one thing led to the next thing. No one stupid decision. Then the next one, then the next one, then the next one. You have to learn to behave. The way you behave in this world is mutual respect. The way you behave is thinking. You're not gonna be more secure if they're completely destabilized. That's what you have to understand. And that is not so hard to understand.


We teach it to our kids at age four. We start teaching that. And then suddenly, if you want your passport to Washington, you have to forget it at age 40 or something. And that's how they behave. So that's my feeling about this, that it's just a kind of arrogance. And You can see it in this writing, which I find fascinating to go back and watch this tragedy unfold. 1997, another wonderful moment. If you wanna just watch Hubris and Tragedy, very good book Good in that it's insightful.


Terrible book in that it's all wrong by Big Brozinsky. And many of you have probably read it called the Grand Chess Board. And he could have called it the Game of Risk. It would've been a little bit more accurate. But it was about how to make American dominance in the world. And he has a chapter about expanding NATO to Ukraine. Exactly that he's, And he talks about Europe and NATO expanding eastward. And the question that he asked in 1997 is, what can the Russians do about it? 'cause they're weak. And he answers meticulously, he considers, would Russia ever a lie with China?


Impossible. He can. That'll that'll never happen. That'll never happen. Could Russia ever ally with Iran? No. Impossible. That will never happen. So you watch, like we watch now the chat, GPT thinking out loud, it's all there, it's all wrong. And it was all American policy for the next 25 years. That's tragedy. Wait, may I ask a question though, like a kind of thematic fundamental question? So a great empire, one of it, you know, empires tend to be arrogant. I do. That's the feature of empires. That Is it. But a, an enduring empire. So stability, it's goal is stability.


And it, because it understands exactly what you said, I thought so nicely. It doesn't help you if your neighbors are in chaos. It doesn't, it doesn't help you. It's against your own interests. So that's such an obvious insight. The Roman Empire was based on it. The British Empire was based on it. Ours is the only empire I'm aware of that has kind of intentionally sowed chaos. And, and I don't understand where that thinking comes from. I'm leaving aside the moral questions. Is it right or wrong? It doesn't work for you. So why have we done it? You know, the Roman empires always a great story for us. And I compare the Ukraine War to the battle of the Tutenburg forest, which is AD nine.


Yep. And in Ad nine, the Roman Empire reached its limits on the Rhine. It never, it tried to conquer the Germanic tribes in nine ad they were defeated under Augustus and there were sporadic border things from then on. But they never tried again. They had hundreds of years where that just wasn't, was wasn't their business. It was very, very smart. Hadrian in the first second century ad was the emperor at the maximum extent of the Roman Empire.


And he basically wanted stability across the, the, the borderlines. And this was the prudence of the empire. It wasn't Alexander, you know, was very different three, 400 years earlier. He wanted to conquer the whole world. There was no limit. Finally, his soldiers told him, if you go any further, we're killing you. We, we've gotta go home. 'cause they were already at the beyond the Inus River. But the Romans said, no, if we're gonna put some boundaries, we're gonna keep the borders and we're going to not go beyond our means or our needs.


I hope what happened yesterday was a, a good example of that. What Trump and Hegseth did yesterday, if they follow through, if the deep state doesn't undermine it, if it's some crazy thing doesn't happen, said we don't need to be in Ukraine with nato. We don't need to be. It's for us, it's nothing. And it doesn't mean that Russia's now gonna invade Western Europe. That's crazy. This was a project going the other direction. So it's basic prudence and that's what a great power should show prudence.


What are the chances that some, you said, unless the deep state doesn't make some crazy thing happens, I would note that for a good part of the presidential campaign, the deep state was telling the candidate Donald Trump, that the state of Iran is trying to kill you. Which as far as I know was totally untrue way. But they were telling him that in order to prepare him to attack Iran, which they're still trying to do. So we know that this kind of deception is just a feature of it. How hard will people invested in the Ukraine war go? I mean what to what lengths will they go to continue this do you think? First of all, the, the main job of a US president, of a, of a successful US president is to put the foot on the break.


This is, if you look in history, the good presidents know when to stop. Eisenhower was such, Kennedy was such Reagan understood this. And all our recent presidents did not up until now. Basically. Well, Tru Truman in Korea, George HW Bush and Kuwait, I mean also true. No, that they fought too many wars in my Yeah, But they but they did stop and no, But they stopped but they made too much Iraq. 2003. I mean there were just too many, too many wars. So the question is, can we learn and can The president keep the foot on the break?


If he does, he will have a extremely successful administration. He, I think understands that all of that Yahoo's pleading, and this has been 30 years also this another project to go for the US to go to war with Iran is just the worst idea imaginable would be a disaster. And so I think President Trump understands that. I think he understands that a war with China would be a complete disaster. Which it would be though. There's a lot of war party around on that.


The funny thing about our time right now, not funny, the, the, the wonderful thing about our time right now is that we're in the midst of the biggest technological boom in the history of the world. So, so many good things could happen in the next 10 to 20 years. President Trump has used the expression, which I fully subscribe to a golden age. We could have it a golden age is not war a golden age is investing in all this wonderful technology so that we can have healthcare that works, education systems that work infrastructure that works.


It would be nice if the United States even had one kilometer of fast rail just saying China just completed its 50000th kilometer of fast rail. We, we don't have one. I can't even take the train reliably from New York to actually from Washington to New York. Last time it took the Acela broke down in the middle and I, I had to change to a local in New Jersey, which does not happen between Shanghai and Beijing by the way. Just saying. But you missed the countryside. I mean that is part of it though. That's it. Not a lot of incentive to stop in New Jersey and now they're giving you one. There I was, I felt so privileged.


Right. And there was the local right on the next top exactly waiting for us. And you wouldn't been in Passaic otherwise. So Exactly. Luckily you, You count your blessings, right? So the whole point of market capitalism is consumer choice.


You have AdChoices between products and services and the competition between companies makes the goods and services better. That's the core idea. Unfortunately there are an awful lot of monopolies out there. Monopolies are not good for consumers. They are not good for you. And one of the places where there's effectively a monopoly is in wireless contracts. But it's not a complete monopoly. You're probably paying way too much to use your cell phone. But now you have AdChoices, You don't have to pay a hundred bucks a month just to get a free phone. That's not a good deal. There's a company called Pure Talk, which we use that has no inflated prices with a qualifying plan of just $45 a month. You can choose a free phone, an iPhone 14 or a Samsung Gallery. Then you get unlimited talk tax, 25 gigs of data, which is enough for most people. A mobile hotspot, all for that low price. And it's got the most dependable 5G network. So you get your free iPhone 14 or Samsung Galaxy by visiting pure talk.com/tucker. And you switch to Pure talk today. America's wireless company Pure talk.


It does feel, I'm glad that you are saying this 'cause it does feel like we're not even a month into the Trump administration. I don't think anybody agrees with, you know, everything of anyone else's program. But clearly this is a massive departure from what we had. Much more than I thought. I feel like I'm, I watch pretty closely, I'm amazed by the ambition of what they're doing. And it does feel like the only way to stop this, Tulsi Gabbard just confirmed yesterday is the director of Maxwell Intelligence. That's a very big deal. It's Unbelievable. It's A very Big deal. Tulsi Gabbard iss right in the president's daily brief. Tulsi Gabbard is in charge of a lot of declassification efforts. Like the whole thing is unbelievable. The only way to stop this is with a war.


I mean, that's my kind of simple reading of it. Do you agree with that? I think that is exactly, entirely the point. And if, and we had news today, please in Shaila that the ceasefire will continue on Saturday because more hostages will be released, more exchanges will take place And there won't be a return really in Shaah if it happens and an outbreak of war is stopped. 'cause it has to be stopped.


This will be such a blessing, not only for this region, but I have to say for our country too, the United States. I agree. And so this is really the key moment. And I think Trump's instincts are there and what he says, we didn't even hear Biden or other presidents say, president Trump said many times about Ukraine. Too many people are dying. You didn't even hear those words. I mean the idea that war involved, by the way, maybe a million Ukrainians dead or seriously wounded, were gonna find out in the next months because finally we'll see what reality is.


Not what the propaganda is, but it's horrible what's happened. So that instinct is essential. And there are several places where everything could be derailed. This region is one of them. Ukraine is another. South China and East China Sea is, is the third. And if The president gets it and has the basic idea, we live together in respect with other countries, the golden age will come. I, I think, and I'd love your view of this, the, I think of all the amazing things I've seen in the last three and a half weeks, maybe the most amazing is the emergence of Steve Woff, who I, I just, I will say I know personally and that and like enormously, but who was a real estate guy, okay.


All of a sudden Trump appoints him an envoy sort of over and above massive stable diplomats. We have professional diplomats at the state department to go do you know, effective ceasefire here in this region and then sends him over to Russia And he winds up meeting Yeah. With Putin apparently for several hours. And then all this stuff happens. You've been around diplomats your entire life. You've functioned as a diplomat. Yeah. What do you think of that? Look, he did the single coolest things since this administration started. I, I have to say, which was Trump made this cease fire. There's no question about it. Biden would never, I mean he didn't make the cease fire because we don't know where Biden was mentally anyway.


But his team was completely incompetent. Horrible. I'm sorry to say it. It's very terrible. A lot of the rest of us did notice that. Yes, it's, it, it wasn't a completely, it wasn't a completely closely held secret let's say. So Trump said we gotta have a cease fire before my inauguration. And he sent Whitcoff and Whitcoff said to Netanyahu, I'm coming to meet you tomorrow. And Netanyahu said, no, no, no, tomorrow is Saturday.


We'll I can't meet you tomorrow. And Whitcoff said, I'll be in your office tomorrow at one and told him, I don't care anything, I'm there. We're going to have a discussion. And out of that meeting came the ceasefire. Now the ceasefire looks maybe like it will hold this weekend, believe me, in Israel, they want war everywhere for a lot of reasons. But the president's job, from my point of view of American interest and the world interest and this region's interest, everybody's interest, no more war.


Stop this now. So if Witkoff can keep that track record, that would be the heroic success. Well What does it tell you that Steve Woff, who I will say again, I'm biased 'cause I really like him. He's got a great personality, super energetic, very straightforward, believable, but zero training in any of this. Like not, he's a real estate guy And he pulls this off. Like what does that tell you about our professional diplomatic core? I'll tell you one thing, it it tells you Trump can make peace if he wants to make peace. Yeah. I mean he needs, he needs a capable guy that can go and read the riot act and say this is no joke and we're gonna have it.


And that is basically what good diplomacy is. And again, in the US system, of course we've got the deep state who tell presidents what to do. We've got lobbies, we've got all, all sorts of things. But a president's true job is to lead. And if you don't have a president Compass Menis, like I think we didn't have in the United States, you get war breaking out everywhere like we had in the last two years. Or if you have a president that is poorly directed or poorly, you know, really doesn't get it.


And Clinton was an inconsequential president in my opinion because he is so easily swayed. He lets he, he just made so many lousy decisions. George Bush Jr. Listened to Cheney who was really a nonstop warmonger and so on. If a president gets the idea, I want peace because this war is really destructive of everything else I'm trying to do, then You can have peace. Actually it's possible. No one is gonna attack the United States.


So peace depends on us. No one is attacking us. China is not about to invade the United States. Russia's not gonna attack the United States, Mexico and Canada are not gonna attack the United States. Panama's not gonna attack the United States. Greenland's not gonna attack the United States. Whoa, whoa, whoa, Whoa, whoa. I am sorry to make, I don't wanna go the whole list, but I'm just confident about this. So if The president wants peace, he'll get it. If he gets peace, believe me, he'll get all the other things that he wants. Like low inflation being able to pass the budget that he wants, getting his tax policies that he wants.


But if there's war, he ain't gonna get any of it. That's the basic point. And you know, I voted Democratic in nine, in 2020. I voted for Biden and Biden. I've had a lot of experience with governments over the last 45 years. So I watched them and I un I think I understand a lot of of them. And Biden in the first days said stupid things about foreign policy. The world is divided between this and this and blah blah blah.


And you say, oh my God, what is the guy is doesn't get it. And In fact he didn't get it at all. And I told many Democratic leaders when they still talk to me now, if they don't talk to me and I don't talk to them, you're gonna lose. You're gonna do something completely almost impossible in American politics, which is you are gonna lose on the basis of foreign policy because Americans don't vote on foreign policy. No. And I said, your foreign policy's so bad, this is gonna bring you down.


And In fact, the Democrats lost their heads in this And they were so intent on defeating Trump that no matter what Biden said, well we have to back him up a hundred percent as he led them off to war and complicity in the war here and the Ukraine war and tensions with China and all the rest. And they created Emelia of so much unhappiness in the United States. Anxiety, higher inflation, big budget deficits that the public said, no, we don't like this. This is so they did really the impossible.


But they brought Liz CH over to the coalition. Yeah, exactly. And then what's ironic is, you know this wonderful person who was confirmed yesterday for the head of director of National Intelligence, Tulsi Gabbard, who's really smart by the way, very honest, very meticulous. I know her extremely well over many, many years. Totally up and up. So I'm delighted she's gonna be briefing The president each day. I couldn't think of a better person. All the Democrats voted against her.


This is crazy. She was their colleague for decades. She stood up for things that they should be applauding her for every one of them voted against her. She was the vice chairman of the DNC. Exactly. Seven, eight years ago. Exactly. So I guess the question is the opposition, you've alluded to the deep state, but there's also the, out in the open state, you know, the, the Congress for example, the other party, the Democratic Party, does Trump's success not just in the election winning the popular vote, but in affecting peace, which is actually popular with people. Does that change their views on foreign policy?


Like does he bring people with him or does he stand alone between the two parties as he did in the first term? Look, this is very early days because we're just a little over three weeks into this. But if yesterday turns into policy, which it could, and the Ukraine war ends soon, which it could, you're gonna see everybody changing their views. Oh, I didn't support that piece is great. The European leaders are gonna be saying the opposite of what they're saying right now. Look in a hundred politicians anyway, three, think the rest line up somewhere tactically.


So yes, they will change their view, they'll complain about other things. That's their job. They're in the opposition. But this war was a disastrous, stupid project that went awry. Should have ended. Makes no sense. And if Trump pulls it off as he can, if he's resolute now and clear minded and Witkoff does his work 'cause he'll be the one to do it, it looks like, And he does his work, then this won't be talked about or complained about. This'll pass into history as just another one of those blunders. I mean, we don't talk about the 2003 Iraq war, the 20 years waste in Afghanistan or so many Libya, so many completely ridiculous projects that America's been involved in for no conceivable reason other than these weird game of risk ideas.


We gotta own that space on the board. Turns out the world and that game board are, are rather different. But if Trump pulls this off, what he needs, I think, and what we need to understand is the American scene, it ain't great in general. The budget deficit is enormous. The fragility of society is, is actually quite significant. There is lots of depression, lots of violence, lots of problems that haven't been addressed for 30 years. Big, big budget deficit huge.


Can't be solved without due respect to Elon. It's not, the budget deficit has very little to do with the size of the civil service. That's not where the budget deficit comes from. That's not where the spending comes from. Spending comes from 750 overseas, military bases from wars, from massive outlays, of course on pensions, on, on healthcare, on interest payments, on the debt and so forth. So war derails all of that. We're not with a a buffer. We're not where the US dollars is king forever.


It's almost the opposite by the way, although it's not so clear to people. But 10 years from now, it's gonna be completely different international monetary scene from the one that we have now because the Redmond beast is gonna play a completely different role. And the way that international settlements will be done is completely different. You can, if you watch like I do, you see all of the stitching together of a new system taking shape. So the US does not have this great room for maneuver and it's all a game and we can do this and we can do that. The president needs to be really accurate right now, really accurate.


And understand also not, don't overplay the hand, the world's not desperately waiting to get into the US market as I think he thinks that these tariffs give all this leverage. No, the US is not the big deal that maybe some people imagine right now. So we gotta get our act together and you can't get your act together in war. That's, that's the bottom line. Professor Jeffrey Sachs, Thank you very much. Great To be with you Steve. Thanks. Thank you. That was great. Thanks. So in September we went across the country coast to coast, 17 different cities on a nationwide live tour.


And it was amazing. We brought the entire staff with us like we always do 'cause we all worked together for so long and enjoy traveling together. And one of our producers is a documentary filmmaker and so he decided to make a documentary film about our trip, a full month across America with some of the most interesting people around. Different people joined us every single night on Gino and Russell Brand and Bobby Kennedy and JD Vance and Donald Trump, et cetera, et cetera. We had The best time. And the fruit of that is a documentary called On the Road, the Tucker Carlson live tour, which is available right now on TCN on the road. Tucker Carlson live tour is hilarious. You will like it.