
Thank you, Dr. Fauci. So I lived at the beginning of Covid in northwest DC where I'd been, you know, most of my life. And there were actual yard signs that said, Thank you Dr. Fauci. Yeah. The title is ironic. Yeah. But I don't think, so. You told me before we went on that you're from Brookline, Massachusetts Originally, I spent most of my life in northwest dc They're very similar, well educated, affluent, enormous self regard. You know, these are communities that think a lot of themselves, and it was those communities in retrospect that Were the ones that posted the Thank you Dr. Fauci signs. Am I imagining that? No, that happened.


Yeah. But in those specific communities, in the richest, best educated communities, you know, you, I don't think you saw a lot of Thank You, Dr. Fauci signs in Gary, Indiana or Detroit. You saw them in Bethes, you know, Santa Monica, Brookline, DC Yeah. And I had lived in New York for two decades by that point. And I don't think a lot of people in New York were thanking Dr. Fauci. I don't think the sanitation workers were thanking Dr. Fauci Exactly. The nurses weren't thanking Dr. Fauci. I mean, it's a farce. It's, it's an illusion. The truth is far from that.


Welcome to Tucker Carlson Show. We bring you stories that have not been showcased anywhere else. And they're not censors, of course, because we're not gatekeepers. We are honest brokers here to tell you what we think you need to know and do it honestly. Check out all of our content at Tucker Carlson dot com. Here's the episode. So I just want to set this conversation. I want to go through like what actually happened first, I wanna Thank you for, for making this. And I, I, but I, I, I want, because everything is so politicized, particularly Covid, I just want to be clear for our viewers who you are, you, you know, opposition to covid policy to mandatory vaccination questions about where the virus came from.


These are kind of staples on the right. They weren't at the time, by the way, I can tell you, but they are now. And, you know, silence and signs that say, Thank you, Dr. Fauci are sort of signifiers of liberalism. Right. I don't quite know how that happened, but it did. Where are you? I'm nowhere. Honestly. I'm, I'm trying to use my brain about what happened. Okay. Yeah. Good. And I, I don't think I can, I, I don't, I think I've lost confidence in all political tropes Yes. About this topic. And it really helped me see what was happening before with every other topic, because I, I consider myself a cynical person.


I've been investigating these type of scandals and crimes for a long time. Covid was about 10 times or a hundred times bigger than any fraud or crime I've ever investigated. And I think politics really was key to the manipulation, you know? Yes. Dividing people. And I just see it in everything now, key to Manipulation. So that implies You don't think that politics drove it. Politics was a tool that the people behind this used to subdue the population. Yeah. I think that the folks who are in positions of enormous power, power that I think is greater than nation states, really, it's transnational global power, corporate power.


Yes. I think that they benefit greatly from the population being divided and fighting amongst themselves about issues that are not even the truth. And in, in this case, 99% of people on the planet were abused. They were poisoned. Close to 20 million of them were killed. And in that context, they all lost. And a very small, small portion of people on this planet, you know, in the thousands, benefited greatly. Even those, they were responsible to some extent, for this crime. And so it's, it's insane to think that for the people who were responsible for this, that it was a win-win scenario for them while the rest of the planet was clearly a lose lose scenario.


There's nothing political about that. I feel like pounding my fist on the table in agreement. Yeah. I just, that's so nicely put. Okay, let's start at the beginning. What was this virus, or where did it come from? I think that, I want to give you an easy answer. Yes. But I think I, I don't think we're ever gonna know exactly the moment that this virus emerged from a lab. But we do know that the virus did not emerge from the wet market in Wuhan. And that it didn't emerge in December. It likely emerged in August. And that it was the product of research that was funded by the United States, and the writing was on the wall.


That this research could have caused a pandemic for five years at least. And there were regulations in place not to fund this research that Fauci and others violated to fund this research. Exactly. So in that context, whether it got on someone's sleeve, on their way to lunch, or whether it was released intentionally, everything we know about this virus has been a lie. So, so the form of research that created it is called, often called gain of function, and which in crude terms, effectively makes a virus, its manipulation of a virus to make it more dangerous in order, say researchers to create more effective vaccines against it. I think that's correct.


That's the company line. That's the company line. But it's so self-evidently reckless that it was banned or sort of banned under the Obama administration. Is this correct? Yeah, it's an interesting story. It's really what you'll see in the film is that on the surface you have this scandal with Covid, you have this virus that doesn't appear to be natural, and you have a coverup clearly. I mean, if we can't prove the moment the virus leaked, or the exact origin, we can prove that there was a coverup. There's more than enough there. There's more than enough evidence to do that right Now. Yes. But the story didn't start with Covid. The story started almost 20 years ago.


The story started really after nine 11. And you have a country that's reeling from a terrorist attack, and then the anthrax attacks happen. And Anthony Fauci raises his hand to be, you know, the point person for biodefense research. And all of a sudden, billions of dollars go to his department and really out of the supervision of the Pentagon and other areas of the government that had regulated it. And for the last 20 years, this has been a debate. And the sort of coverage that was happening during the pandemic really thrived on the idea that this came outta nowhere.


And it's a natural disaster. And we all need to ban together. And we don't know much about what it is, and we just need to be patient with the government, patient with the science patient, patient with the medicine. It was the opposite. We knew all about this virus. It had been researched for close to a decade. The vaccine for this virus was in research for almost five years prior to the virus happening. And many scientists, like the folks in my film, have been ringing the alarm that this was an existential risk to humanity for close to two decades. That's crazy. It's absurd. It's insane. Insane, insane. Those are big facts to keep secret.


Yeah. For five years. Yeah. So, And there were other, and that, and, and that, what I discovered in looking into it was that you start to see a pattern and that there were other events. In fact, you brought up Obama regulating gain of function. Well, that happens right at the same time that there's an Ebola outbreak in West Africa. Yes. And there is a connection to gain of function research as a potential origin for that outbreak. And it was successfully covered up. And you find the same people who were implicated in that outbreak, including Anthony Fauci on secret teleconferences right after the news breaks about Covid. And they actually happen to be people who write the most passionate papers that Covid came from nature, people who were previously suspected of being the source of a lab leak.


So, so we can say those people were lying when they claimed it came from the wet market in Wuhan. I think that there's no way a reasonable person can look at the evidence here and think that people were telling the truth, think that Anthony Fauci was telling the truth. Think that the scientists who wrote these papers wrote them with any ethical standards, and that they didn't commit fraud. It appears that they all committed some form of fraud, whether it be scientific fraud, some, some of these crimes are felonies. They committed perjury. Multiple scientists committed perjury in front of Congress. Anthony Fauci committed perjury in front of Congress. But what we have to remember about Fauci is he's been playing this game for 50 years.


He knows how DC works, he knows you know, how to operate. And the reason why he may get away with committing perjury is because he was the one who made the regulations for the most part, on what gain of function would be and would not be. And he excluded that dangerous research in Wuhan and on paper it wasn't gain of function. And that's the type of game that's been played for, like I said, decades now. So I have, I have too many ques I don't want to overwhelm you and I dont wanna related Question, I mean No, no, no. Because you Know a lot. But, you know, I also want to speak in a way that people can approach this story because it's, it's mind bending. So Lemme just go back before I lose the thread.


You mentioned the, an this's been going on since the anthrax attacks, which really Were the, the pretax that Fauci used to grab all this money in power. Well, we can't blame Fauci for all of it. It was really Dick Cheney who had, you know, been very successful at using nine 11 to achieve other things. Like Oh, I noticed, you know, completely like an invasion of Iraq. Yeah, yeah. And the, the erosion of all of our civil liberties True. The, you know, permitting, torture, violating the Geneva Convention, these things were all in play after nine 11 because we were in a war against terror. And anthrax was painted as a continuation of the war against terror. The truth is, is that as Bo and Cheney were leaving office, it was released that anthrax was not a terrorist attack.


Anthrax was an inside job from a scientist at Fort Dietrich, one of our bio weapons facilities. So I, I remember that vi vividly. I had white powders sent to my house. Had the bio team come at that, you know, 2001, I'll never forget it. But we never really got a definitive answer on who sent. I mean, there was the, the person accused first Stephen Hatful was accused falsely by the media, including the media organization I worked for at the time. And then there was another guy that Bruce, That's exactly who since died, Well, died, is a, a very generous way of putting what may have happened to him.


Do you think he did it? Do you think he was murdered? I think that when he began saying that he didn't act alone, and that the media's version of his story was very far from the truth. And when members of Congress started believing that he didn't act alone, he suspiciously committed suicide by taking a bunch of Tylenol. So I don't really know many accomplished scientists, bio terrorists, experts, people who understand all the different compounds that can kill them very peacefully and very fast, who would take a lot of acetaminophen to kill themselves. It just very suspicious.


And the timing was even more suspicious. And I think what I learned was that in many ways, Anthony Fauci iss whole sort of advancement into this unchecked power into becoming the most prominent scientist on the planet, the largest funder of biomedical research on the planet, was predicated on a hoax. And to this day, he is never admitted that anthrax was not a terrorist attack. And you can't find that anywhere in his book. If It wasn't a terror attack. What was it? Anthrax was a false flag attack. And anthrax like nine 11, allowed for the complete deregulation of bio weapons research of biodefense research.


And if you go back in time, you see this confluence of things. You see the science advancing in very exciting ways like crispr, the ability to edit genes to do things we've never been able to do before. And you see this idea that we're, we're under attack and that the enemy may use unconventional means to attack us. And bio weapons immediately came into focus because of the anthrax attack. And that was used to fund a lot of countermeasures, quote unquote countermeasures for bio weapons. But the interesting thing about gain of function, and the interesting thing about doing this research in the first place is that in order to create a countermeasure for an agent that's never been known or created, or a virus that doesn't exist, you have to create the agent and the virus.


Yes. And so it creates a weapon, a pandemic that has never been seen by man before and arguably carries more risk than it carries benefit. And Fauci was almost evangelical about this research to the point that it was suspicious. And scientists like Richard Ebr and others, the Cambridge working Group, I mean this, the debate started almost directly after anthrax and Fauci began doing this research. I mean, the debate started in like 2002, that we should not be directing all of our research dollars into this one narrow field of quote, pandemic preparedness.


And yet Fauci did and amassed so much influence and power in that system that he was able to shut down every critic. And there were a lot of close calls And there were a lot of red flags, you know, after anthrax and before Ebola. Fauci supported the engineering of avian flu in 2011 to make it airborne. Bird flu is not naturally airborne. It takes a while to transfer from its host. You know, birds to humans happens with pigs, it happens with other intermediate species. And a scientist supported by Anthony Fauci used gain of function techniques in order to hone the virus to be airborne in humans.


So this was celebrated by Fauci as a victory of science. There was a big debate on whether the results of this study should even be published. They were published and Fauci and Francis Collins, who was also the NIH director at the time of the pandemic, and very much part of the whole problem that we faced, they wrote an op-ed in the Washington Post and said that this was a flu risk worth taking, that doing this dangerous research could cause a pandemic, but that it was a risk worth taking because we would be prepared for that pandemic Prepared with vaccines.


Yeah. And, and, and therein lies the next sort of issue is that I think clinicians, doctors who treat people, folks that are pragmatic, will take any remedy or any countermeasure Exactly. That's effective to help their patients. And would I, In fact, I I would replace the word pragmatic with humane. Humane, any way to stop suffering any way, of course, anything, you know, to do your, Do your job was just to heal. Yeah. Yeah. And I think that Fauci represents sort of almost this paternal grandfather, like figure self-proclaimed, because no one asked for this.


Who, whose job felt less about protecting people or developing things that could help all sorts of people, and more about carrying a line on what was important in science and, and digesting science for people in a way that was, if you look back very infantalizing, you know, well, you know, this is how this works and that's how this works. And if you listen to him at a podium, he's an incredible bedside manner, but he's failing to tell you every conflicting piece of evidence. He's failing to tell you every, you know, piece of gray. It's very black and white.


Yes. And he been doing that for years. And I think that, but there's always a bottom, the vaccine work. Yeah. Right. And the bottom line is the vaccine. Right. And so he was, he's not a virologist, he's an immunologist. Right. And really, in many ways, his focus is vaccinology. Right. And so there are such thing as virologists epidemiologist and, and all those people were supported by his funding, his research. But Fauci appeared to have one goal and one solution for problems, which was to develop vaccines for them. Yes. And I think like many doctors and scientists would agree, vaccines are very important.


In fact, there could be a pandemic coming any day now that a vaccine may be the only thing to stop it. And so much damage. This is very ironic. So much damage was done by Fauci and others to the concept of vaccines. That it could be a real tragedy. It could be a real tragedy when we actually need a vaccine. And people are so distrustful of public health. And I think that when you have very powerful people who have been in DC for decades, they live in a bubble where they forget what the rest of the world is doing, the way the rest of the world think. And for some reason, in their calculus, in their head, they, they Fauci and others thought that this was the way to talk to people.


These Were the things to do. And maybe they didn't understand the catastrophic risk. It Was five years ago this month that people started to drop dead in the central Chinese city of Wuhan. Five years since the beginning of Covid, tens of millions dead societies, reordered completely economies destroyed. And yet for some reason, we still don't know answers to the most basic questions. Where did this virus come from? How did it get here? Why did the government tell us to do things they knew wouldn't work? None of those questions have been adequately answered. And one man knows those answers. His name is Dr. Tony Fauci. Until now, nobody has really pressed, and now a documentary filmmaker called Jennifer First is out with a new film explaining exactly what happened.


The film was called Thank You, Dr. Fauci. Jennifer first spent years trying to get answers. And in that time, as he awaited Dr. Fauci response, he went through tens of thousands of pages of documents and piece together the story, which is shocking. We are proud to host that documentary here on TCN from December 20th to January 19th. You will see it exclusively here on TCN again, it's called Thank You Dr. Fauci. And it's worth it.


When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from idea to medicine, thanks to our intellectual property system or IP for short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition, lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more@phrma.org. IP works wonders.


Maybe, maybe there's another explanation. One of the things that I learned but never hadn't known before was that there are a lot of people in our public health establishment who think vaccines are the point, the point. And this has gone on. I've never been against vaccines and, you know, always been grateful for the Salk vaccine, et cetera, took a bunch of vaccines myself. But I always assume that they were sort of tools used by physicians to heal people, to save people from illness. I didn't realize that this mindset was very different from that. They were almost like vaccines Were the point. And this goes back, you know, I mean, Diego Rivera, I think painted a, a mural panel about vaccines like the, the worship of vaccines for their own sake is longstanding.


And I don't understand it. What is that? Do you have any insight? Sure. I mean, I think that if we looked at every other part of our government, our society, that we can see the influence of money and, you know, companies. Yeah. And sadly, public health is no different than any other industry. Any other part of our government. They lobby, they spend a lot of money. The pharmaceutical industry spends a lot of money. There's a lot of money to be made on sick people. And sadly, folks in positions of, you know, that, that are making policy for America, which in many ways leads the world in a lot of this stuff, is very influential.


Those folks are, are sometimes compromised. And I think that you are, what you brought up about vaccines, You can see the same thing across the rest of the pharmaceutical industry that many times there's a cheap and effective cure for something that costs $2 and it's not gonna get promoted and it's not gonna get talked about because a new drug has to be developed and a new treatment has to be developed. And instead of focusing on a ton of different things that could have stopped people from dying, let's just take the research aside. Let's just take the part that America could be responsible for the pandemic in the first place. And that absolutely tragic crime, the way that the public health establishment in many ways run by Anthony Fauci, and I can explain that a little bit more, had one focus and that was to develop a vaccine.


And that people like Bob Redfield would tell you that it wasn't even the vaccine that could be the safest. It wasn't the vaccine that could be the most reliable, it was the vaccine that was gonna be an mRNA vaccine. And that really is, was the core of influence inside warp speed. It was Moderna and Pfizer, And they got the first bite of the apple. And j and j of course, and AstraZeneca, they also were part of it. But this mRNA technology, Fauci had been talking about it for years. And it initially was for cancer, it didn't work. And they had shifted about four or five years before the pandemic into developing a pan coronavirus pan influenza vaccine.


And a lot of that research was happening in places like Wuhan. And so it was, you know, almost a reverse engineered scenario where the number one cure for this virus was gonna be an mRNA vaccine despite it, you know, the science or you know, regardless of whatever the testing or the safety, that's what had to happen. But the nature of an mRNA vaccine assisting from conventional vaccines is risky. It's very risky. And it's also a, a miracle of science, right? It's that we can teach our bodies how to fight these things and this kind of, you know, taking vaccine technology to the next level, you Know.


But I mean, I think a layman would say correctly that in, in doing that you're potentially tampering with the formula of life. And we're not that intelligent as a life force. I mean, we use about 10% of our brain. So to think that we could manage the fallout or the blowback in species that are a billion years old, I think is extremely pompous and insane of humans to think that. Yes. And that's what scientists also believed who didn't get the airtime and who many of them their careers suffered when they challenged Fauci on this premise that this gain of function work. You know, forget about the vaccines, which are the flip side, right?


Just the gain of function work alone is playing master the universe. Yes. And the idea of an mRNA vaccine itself sort of raises a lot of ques, are you sure that's a good idea? I mean, what if it actually, what if it does change your DNA? That's not crazy to think that it Did. Yeah. And, and that's the scary thing is that it it did. And It did. We can say that. We can say now that there's enough data on the table to say now that the mRNA vaccines changed people's DNA and even worse there was, Okay, so what are the, oh, let's just stop right there. That, you know, I remember hosting guests who suggested that early and were like, banished from public life. Yeah. All but arrested for saying that.


Now we know it's true, but do we know the ramifications of that? Well, it's interesting, you know, that we're coming to this four or five years later. I think if you look at a pattern of horrible scientific accidents and catastrophes, bad policy, bad products, it takes usually a decade, 20 years, 50 years. You'll see in the film. It's interesting you brought up Salk Sulk had a competitor that was the Oral Polio vaccine. And they were both racing to complete trials at the same time. And there's data that suggests that that scientist, Hillary Kowski, who was in the Belgian Congo, was using chimpanzee kidneys to propagate his polio vaccine against the concerns of a lot of scientists who worried that viruses could go from chimpanzees to humans really easily.


We have very similar DNA And he did those trials in 57 to 59, and the first articulated outbreak of HIV is in 1959 in the same city that he did those trials. And therein lies the most complex, hard to fathom, you know, conundrum, right? You have people trying to save the world, racing to save the world, trying to cure polio, And they unintentionally cause another pandemic potentially. And fast forward 75 years and it happened again.


And that is really what this story is about. I mean, you can't, you can't play God with this stuff. I mean, these, these, these things are, there's, there's no way to model all the blowback. Well, they're living organisms for one thing. They're not static. So you can't fully understand them. You can't. And that when you, when you layer in arrogance and you layer in unchecked power and you layer in lack of transparency and oversight, the amount of damage that can be done from this work is exponential. It's exponential at that point. You know, when you have people who haven't been challenged for 20 years on their decisions and who have amassed so much power and just put yes men around them.


That's what the N-I-A-I-D was. That's what the NIH was. You gotta remember out of anyone in HHS, the overarching organization, Fauci was the most senior person in that entire organization. And in many ways, I think he was seen as the most powerful person in that organization. And So, if you look at the story of Covid, you've got the CDC director, Bob Redfield, who's known Fauci since the AIDS pandemic. And he is completely and totally marginalized and iced out of the conversation. And the entire time when Fauci is out in public, he's saying, I'm just following the guidance of the CDC. And anyone who had inside knowledge knew that Anthony Fauci was the one who had the most influence on that guidance, and that the CDC director wasn't even in the room.


And if you understand American bureaucracy, you know how these alphabet agency's work. And he, he was, it, it was almost strategic that his title was in such a buried organization in the middle of the stack. He'd have a, a lot more scrutiny if he was the head of HHS. But for 50 years, he's had a title in a, in a buried alphabet organization institute within HHS, under the NIH. After Cheney gave him the these resources, it was understood that Cheney was the mo that, excuse me, after Cheney gave Fauci these resources, it was understood in those institutes that Anthony Fauci was the most powerful person in the NIH.


He had a direct line to the White House. He had, he had, he had security clearance, he had line a line to congress. The NIH director wasn't doing anything like that. The HHS director wasn't doing anything like that. Fast forward to covid, the HHS director came in with the administration, former pharmaceutical executive, Alex Azar worked for Eli Lilly. Okay. And you've got Bob Redfield, who's got a lot of integrity and believed that there was a lab leak. And within weeks of having conversations directly with Fauci about that, he found himself locked out of the room. And it's very convenient that Fauci appear to be this little old man who is all about helping people.


And he is a scientist and science first, and he's a doctor even he never really cared for patients. We saw in Congress, one of the questions that was directed at him during his hearing was, you know, did you treat any patients during covid? Were you there? Did you intubate people? Did you watch them die? Of course he didn't. And the truth about Anthony Fauci is, is a, is a lot harder to, to digest. And I think a lot of people were onto it for, for years. But half the country believes he's a hero still. How did that happen? I've interviewed a lot of documentary filmmakers.


I've never met one, able to explain his subject matter as clearly as you are. So Thank you for that. I just wanna go back to something you said at the beginning. You said that Covid first made an appearance outside the lab in August, So Of 2019. So there's two narratives. There's the narrative that we've been given for the last four years, and there's the actual fact pattern and what is the closest to the truth that we currently have. And if you take it chronologically and you ignore the media that came out, that announced the pandemic was happening and that the source was a wet market, and you just look at the facts that even existed on American intelligence servers at the time, that there is more than enough proof and evidence to show that some sort of incident happened at the Wuhan lab.


In either August or September, there was a push to redo the HVAC system in the lab. There was a transition from civilian to military control of the lab. There was the arra, they, they erased their entire database of coronavirus samples of all their different collections, of different coronaviruses that summer, All happening in sequence, all in the early fall, late summer of 2019. And then in October of 2019, there is a massive Olympics to style event in Wuhan where teams from around the world, from armed forces, from around the world, like in in America, our Navy, our army, the, the Marines, sent teams to Wuhan to compete.


And this was an event that had been scheduled for years. It was a diplomatic event using sports and athleticism to bring different countries together. And at that point, Wuhan was partially shut down that there is satellite photos of overcrowded hospitals. That there were drills happening at the airport that were pandemic preparedness drills, and that they were called drills. But really they were, I think, active response to an actual pandemic outbreak, an actual leak of a virus. And this intelligence all existed before the world Military games.


And before we sent our armed forces to compete in this event. And we allowed our allies to send their teams to compete in this event. And that event in October of 2019 was the original super spreader. And what people I think don't know about Covid, but that the researchers knew about Covid was that it was incredibly contagious and that it has a up to a five day dormancy period. And it, on top of that, a lot of people are asymptomatic. Yes. So you could have an event like the World Military Games and knowing what we know about this virus now, by the time the virus was reported, the virus had likely spread around the world multiple times.


And I know we all have friends who are like, what? I was sick in January and I was sicker than I've ever been. People say they were sick like that in October and places like Washington and November, Washington State, My wife got sick in November and Spain. And so that narrative checks out. And all that happens after that, leading up to the point where basically the emergency room chaos of wuhan leaks. There's a doctor who posts some stuff on WeChat and he was immediately arrested and told to erase all of his stuff off of social media because this is the way that the Chinese government was trying to contain the story.


And then when it became known that he was a doctor was trying to help people, the Chinese ended up giving him an award, and a month later he died. And there are a lot of other suspicious deaths in China. Of Covid. Of Covid. Yeah. And so, you know, IIII hope I'm explaining this in a way that's digestible. I, I find that when you, when you look this in the face and you really see it, it's you, you have to remember that the rest of the world hasn't had that privilege or opportunity to understand how damning the, the evidence is and, and how ugly the story is and how many pieces of evidence there, there have that, that have existed for years now.


I mean, there is a, what drove me to make this film, I think, and, and, and fall into it was, okay, I could buy that Anthony Fauci is, is not honest about everything I could buy the, the United States government does nefarious things and, and potentially was funding research. They shouldn't have been funding. I could buy that the pharmaceutical industry would want to cover up a story like that because after all, they were gonna make billions of dollars from the countermeasure, the vaccine. What struck me the most was me as a conscious sort of anti-corruption looks, reads between the lines, doesn't trust media sources had existed in this bubble where IE even I was not aware that there was a grant proposal to do this work two years before the pandemic happened and that it had been reported on for two years and I didn't even know it existed.


Yes. And that was the most horrifying thing for me, was that I was just another sucker. You know, I'm a educated investigative reporter of sorts who, you know, doesn't, like I said, trust anything. I want to dig deeper. I want to go and see. And that I had lived in an algorithm that completely ignored this fact. And it was horrifying to me. And I learned that papers that I have trusted my whole life, like the New York Times in the Washington Post, were in some ways the largest distributor of state-sponsored propaganda in the country.


And that they were republishing studies that had no scientific merit and putting them on the front page, some of them before they even hit peer review, who was feeding them those stories. And then when a writer wants to write about something that isn't a, a, a bat, a Pangolin or a raccoon dog, and that is more related to an apparent coverup and, and a lab leak, espionage a a bunch of things that are extremely newsworthy. Those writers were told they couldn't by their editors. But here I am just a civilian like everybody else believing that the news I'm getting is the news. And you know, I want to give credit to people on the ride who have broken with the mainstream media and live in a world where they feel like they need to question everything now.


And I felt I already lived in that world, and here I was completely seduced by mistruths misinformation propaganda for years.


Maybe The biggest lie about abortion is that it's just not a big deal. That's not true. And studies show it a year after having an abortion, women overall had a 50% higher chance of needing psychiatric treatment and an 87% higher likelihood of personality and behavioral disorders. That's not healthcare. It's a tragedy. PreBorn network clinics are different when women choose life, PreBorn commits to treating them body, mind, and soul as well as the future baby. It's the whole picture. And it's affordable. An ultrasound that can save a baby's life costs $28. PreBorn wants to sponsor 22,000 of those by year's end. It's a great investment. Donating is simple to dial pound two 50 and say the keyword baby, that's pound two 50, the word baby. Or visit PreBorn dot com slash Tucker. We are proud to get behind this all tax or tax all gifts or tax deductible. And PreBorn has a four star charit rating because they do not waste money. They're totally sincere.


I know the feeling very well. I know the feeling. Yeah. I mean, I didn't understand, I still don't understand a lot of it. I have many more questions for you, but I I, I went on the basis of, of instinct and it was just clear that there was lying. There had never been an effective covid coronavirus vaccine and there had been a disaster with the previous coronavirus vaccine. I remember that very well. And so I just thought, you know, I don't know what this is, but it doesn't smell good. I'm not putting it in my body, but I had no idea that it could be this dark. I agree with you completely. So let's just get back to, I just wanna tie up one Yeah, I'm sorry if I'm No, no, I I'm sorry for your editor.


No, no. We're not editing this. Oh, okay. Well, no, You're telling a, a wonderfully coherent story. I really, I've never seen, as I said, a filmmaker explain a thesis this succinctly and in such a linear way. It's, it's amazing. There's just a lot. But I just wanna go back very quickly to the question of the mRNA virus vaccine changing F And slip. Right, exactly. Changing people's DNA, I mean, that is, that feels like an underappreciated headline that, you know, could have civiliz will have civilizational effects. Do we have any sense of what that means? Well, you know, we Don't, can I say one of the smartest people I know, I was legit much smarter than I am, said to me, people who take the vax are different.


I'm, I'm just telling you that. And I said, you know, you're a lunatic. And he said, I, they're different. I can tell, I can feel it. They're different. They, And they're more passive for one thing. And they're more likely to sort of go along with things that before vaccinated they would have known were not true. It it SAPs your will, it changes you. I noticed this and I didn't buy it really? 'cause how would a vaccine change you as a person? But I never forgot it. And so I do wonder like are there indications? There's a lot of indications, but I'm gonna reveal something that other scientists also believe that is, is a lot scarier.


And I think a lot's more scary for folks that pro protested the vaccine, didn't put it in their body and think that they're better off the virus. Does things like this to you? Yes. And everyone on the planet has gotten the virus multiple times and that the virus likely has fragments from HIV in it, it has fragments from other viruses. It creates neurological damage. It creates damage in your heart, your liver, it affects every part of your body creates autoimmune disorders that are hard to even detect. They're so pervasive in people's life. Little things that if you look back, you'd be like, oh yeah, I sneeze about this thing all of a sudden I have allergies for this that I never had.


Or women who whose menstrual cycles changed, not simply from the vaccine, but from the virus. People who ha still have long covid right now and long covid is not some phenomenon that's, you know, obscure. It's, it's directly tied to the synthetic nature of the virus. Did you get covid? I got covid. It felt different. Yeah, it was different. And you know what's interesting is I was, I got the first two shots and after that I was like, this is, you know, I'm not boosting, I'm not doing it. This has gone too far now. And I believed that I was an asymptomatic person and that I wasn't really gonna get covid in the first place.


I was gonna be asymptomatic. And you know, a lot of people are asymptomatic and what's so troubling about the virus is it has such different effects for different people. And so for the most part it strikes the elderly, the immunocompromised. But you could have a genetic composition that makes you die from lung complications and appear to be a healthy person. You could have a genetic complication that makes you die of a sudden heart attack. And even worse, you could have a genetic composition that now two years later you're learning that you have a rapid stage three or four cancer. And I say that because everyone can assume or or accept that the vaccine could cause that problem.


But we need to open up the idea that the virus itself can cause those problems. That is how ugly this virus is. And the type of brain fog, complicity, you know, we all got a hit over the head with this virus. I don't know if You remember when you got it. I experienced fatigue and brain fog like I've never experienced in my life. Yes. And there's certain people who now have It sapped your life, force your will to live, your Will to live, you're willing to live. And I've been depressed one day in my entire life, 55 years. I had one day of depression and it was when I had covid. That's impressive. I wish I had whatever you're eating for breakfast or nicotine. Yeah, it helps.


Good. But I, But I never understood what people meant when they said I feel depressed. I've been sad of course many times, which I think is healthy, but I've never had a feeling of hopelessness or true bleak, nihilistic despair ever. Not one time in my life until Thanksgiving 2020 when I had covid and I, I couldn't believe it. I was worried. Yeah. When I got it for the first time after being vaccinated, I, I said, this feels completely different than any other virus I've ever had. I don't get sick much. I get sick like once every two years. And I was very sick.


And then in the middle of the night, I, I started having trouble breathing And I was like, wow, this is scary. And this was all before I made the film. This was before I got the call to if I was interested in investigating Fauci. So within a couple months, you know, before making this film, I had experienced covid and really was the sickest I'd ever been from the virus. And I went and I was scared. So I got paxlovid and I ended up getting better and then getting sick again about two weeks later. And it didn't really feel like a great remedy. It felt more almost psychological Yes.


That it's gonna help me. It's, and, and you know, my symptoms were reduced, but then I got sick again and then something crazy. I'm a healthy 40-year-old man and I, I don't have any other medical complications and I have have, as I said, a very strong immune system. I only get sick rarely, once every couple years. I got shingles right after I had covid and took paxlovid. And I was like, how is this possible? I mean yeah, stress, all these other things, but I don't fit the sort of bill for that. You're not Ed. No, No. And I found out that two of my cousins who Were the same age as me had just gotten C and had gotten shingles.


And I went online and I read that a lot of young people who get covid are getting shingles after they get covid. And I'm sure people listening to this are gonna say, yeah, me too. That's crazy. It's not a coincidence. This virus directly targets your immune system and does things that are hard to even compute. I mean, some of them are so varied in people, they're as varied as our DNA and I had had that experience right before making the movie. So I was very, I think open-minded to the idea that everything, everything I was told was not necessarily the truth Is because it was engineered and because genetics played a determinative role in illness and our response to viruses and our response to everything, is it conceivable that whether by engineering or not, that certain genetic makeups are more susceptible to illness?


Yeah. And I think if the Chinese were actively constructing a bio weapon, that you would look at America's general health condition and that this virus disproportionately affects people with diabetes, people with heart issues. We live on a very poor diet here in the United States. We're one of the richest or if not the richest country in the world. And the quality of food we're eating is, is it's the opposite of what we should be eating. Yes. We're eating poison every day and, and that's effectively permitted and lobbied for and and we don't regulate it.


And So if you look at that from an outside looking in and know that we're in such poor health, it would make sense to make a virus that targets a certain genetic composition By BMI. Sure. And In fact, this was documented, this is, there was intelligence briefs that came out, you know, after the state department report a year after the pandemic. And those intelligence reports show years of knowledge about the Chinese bio weapons program. And the question is, how did we develop years of knowledge about the Chinese bio weapons program because we were effectively funding and supplying the Chinese bio weapons program with our most talented scientists who were giving them technologies they didn't already have.


And the exchange was so that we could spy on them. And if that isn't a completely insane proposition, I don't know what is. Yeah. And we knew at that point, and maybe what caused such panic and alarm was that the Chinese were experimenting with things that were very, very questionable and dangerous. They had genetically engineered a human embryo so that the child child was born immune to smallpox and polio and I believe HIV and that there were programs in place to understand the Chinese genome as it pertained to viruses to protect against viruses that were targeting the Chinese genome.


And of course, if you look at the flip side of that would be to make viruses that do not target the Chinese genome. And I wanna remind people who Makes it easier when you have an ethno stage. Sure. It, it does. And you know, I think we have to remember that we are the front runner of those technologies. So whatever the Chinese are doing, they're likely sifting that technology from us. And the United States is not off the hook in crazy research. And Anthony Fauci was pedal to the metal on this stuff for two decades. So Do we know whether the virus escaped intentionally or by accident?


There are some breaks right now that are happening and I think right when the new administration gets in, and a lot of folks who are very concerned with this issue and passionate about exposing the truth, we're gonna know a lot more really quickly. But there's some really concerning stuff that was just released that DOD officials had a briefing about the potential accident and the virus in October of 2019. So previously the intelligence was labeled sort of unanalyzed that it was just on a server and we didn't see it. Which of course is extremely suspicious. I mean, we can see how many nose hairs someone has from a satellite at this point.


I mean, the idea that we wouldn't be able to sift one of the largest, most troubling signals that you could ever see on an intelligence server and have an alert set up for it just is, it's illogical. It doesn't make any sense. But we now know that they actually did meet And they did discuss this incident. And we also know that the DOD was very privy to a proposal to create this virus. It was called the diffuse proposal. It was submitted in 2018. It's taken four years for us to learn that 15 other US agencies saw that proposal before the pandemic. Think about that. So I mean that doesn't prove, but it certainly suggests, you know, an intentional act.


It does. And then the part that is also very troubling that people who, whose anonymity I should keep, who have security clearance and who did not disclose this to me in a very explicit way, but who signaled that they believe this to be the case, is that American scientists using American research dollars at American institutions and with the federal government created a proposal partnering with a Chinese scientist at the Wuhan lab, Xi Jingly, who was also a Chinese military scientist.


Yes. It was a military lab, effectively it was a military lab and that many of the scientists even who were coming to the United States had dual affiliation with the military program. And it is believed now that the Chinese funded the diffuse proposal, what would stop them from funding the proposal we gave them all the technology we outlined what we were looking to do. Now if you read that proposal cover to cover, you'd have to be really, I think scientifically, you know, knowledgeable and astute to understand what they were trying to do. But the reality is, what they were trying to do didn't make any sense in this proposal, was already subterfuge. They were trying to go and take a virus that had never been seen before from the jungle, from areas like Uon province, where where these viruses can jump outta nature and cross over into humans, take them into the lab and put a fern cleavage site into the spike protein and play with this part of the virus called DC sign, or this pathway which targets our immune cells and tells us not to fight the virus until it reaches our lymph nodes and that we're being infected directly in our immune system.


And the proposal says how to do all of this. And the purpose of the proposal apparently is to see what the virus will do. And that the thing that the takeaway at the end of the proposal is that, that they wanna make a bat vaccine and go And they wanna spray it in a cave so that a virus like this doesn't come out of nature. And so anyone who's really looking critically knowing what we know now, that part seems like bullshit. And that the real purpose was to create a bio weapon that was very effective or to at least continue research on the spike protein and aspects of the spike protein that hadn't been resolved yet.


And when I say that is that the N-I-A-I-D and Fauci was funding research about fern cleavage sites and the spike protein. 'cause all of it was relevant to the mRNA vaccine because it was the part that they hadn't really figured out yet. The fur cleavage side causes this toxic reaction And there was research into it and Ralph Barrick had done research into it. This is stuff that predates the pandemic by years. And so this proposal in many ways was probably a continuation of that type of work. But the proposal was also a cookbook on how to make a really dangerous coronavirus.


One that would be devilish and one that would be worse than any that had ever been seen. And the logic, I guess is, you know, we gotta know what's coming and prepare for it. The irony is Weren weren't that prepared and a lot of people died. And the proposal itself says that effective countermeasures for a virus like this are currently chloroquine and REM dvir. No. Yes. The proposal in 2018 acknowledges CHLOROQUINE as an effective method for treating this type of coronavirus. And so you have all these different reasons why this proposal does not see the light of day for years.


And thank God for a Marine in DARPA who finds it on an area of, of that server that is not classified, which makes one believe that someone in the classified area of that program wanted this to be exposed. And if Lieutenant Colonel Joseph Murphy did not expose this to the public, we may have never found out that this proposal existed. Mind you, 15 US agencies saw the proposal and it was pitched to them two years before the pandemic


happened. How do travelers stay prepared for the unexpected? Well, when you're flying across the country or driving for hours crammed into crowded spaces and yet most people don't think what they do if they got sick or so when they love got sick. Have you thought about that? Well now it's the holidays. It's the busiest travel time of the year and it's also flu season. Everyone's stress, people are coughing. And if you're unlucky, you could find yourself ill in a place where you need medication. So what do you do about that? Well, thankfully there's a solution that's called jce. Go jce. JASE Go. It's a compact kit of essential prescription medications for all of those unexpected health emergencies for infections, food poisoning and more. It's designed to go wherever you go. Think about that. Snow hits pharmacies, close flights get delayed. Bad things happen. If you have Js CO, you're covered. There's no scrambling, no worrying. You can be content because you've got peace of mind. So don't wait until you're stuck without essential me medications. It's Christmas vacation. Is there gonna be an ear infection? Probably. So go to jce, go to jce.com/go jse.com/go. Use the code Tucker to get your jce. Go with a special discount jce.com/go code Tucker,


The big question here is why would the United States be working directly with what most people assume is its main enemy China to create a virus that disproportionately hurts the United States and then once caught doing it, covered it up on behalf of China and that coverup continues. There are no, I mean the economic cost alone of the United States, it's hard to calculate, but it's, you know, big biggest ever. And there's no call for reparations from China for this. Yeah, I think it's, it's, it's a head scratcher. Right. But if you follow the money, this was the largest transfer of wealth in modern history.


There was a moment in the pandemic when literally billions of dollars a second we're moving from the poor to the rich. And anyone under a certain income bracket, no matter how you cut it, they lost. Yeah, yeah, sure. PPP loans people, You own a, do you own a house? I did at the time. Yeah. Yeah. Most people in their thirties now I guess said you're 40, but they're not buying houses. No. Like this is a renting society post Covid. Sure. And They completely transformed the social structure of the United States forever In ways that we don't connect as fluidly as we should.


Right. So there is a nexus of tech companies, virus research, pharmaceutical companies, biotech, We Call it biotech, but even straight tech. Right. Meta biota is also owned by Google. Okay. And if you are going to have say an effective bio weapons attack, you're gonna need to control information. And what I think a lot of people don't understand is the biggest client of all of these tech companies is the United States. Always. Yeah. So before you see the announcement about the microchip or the new development, the US government is likely already purchased five, $10 billion worth of the technology and had it a year before.


And you don't know about that. And there's privileges that come with that obviously because You can leverage, the government can leverage tech companies as we saw with Covid and can access data, you know, and, and this is carry over from, from nine 11, you know, the Patriot Act alive and well, you know, tech companies at that point, I think were primitive compared to what they are now. I mean, I don't even think in 2001 we understood how online we would be living our life. No, but Covid magnified that by 10. I didn't even know what Zoom was before Covid. No, I mean Skype was a thing and it was like, why this is okay. FaceTiming like sure.


But like our entire society moved to a remote existence. So that benefited the companies that created those technologies. I mean Zoom stock went, you know, through the roof. It benefited all this entire ecosystem of data and it also really benefited the intelligence community and others who could sift data that they weren't privy to. You and I are no longer having a conversation at a coffee shop. We're having one on Zoom and you know, that's one kind of gain small compared to the other gains. Let's just look at the pharmaceutical companies, over $120 billion between all of them in the first couple years of the, of the vaccines going public and the stock market.


You know, it was a perfect example of the elite, which I think Fauci really represents. And that is very common in dc. It doesn't matter what party that people like yourself, who know DC know that when you make it to DC it's a party and the people back home aren't invited. It's not about you being, being a Democrat. That that is true. It's not about you being a Republican. DC is an insular system, and that it is an elite system and that the most, and, you know, deep pocketed lobbyist and people trying to influence policy forces from outside the country, having, you know, offices there, and of course America's largest cop corporations, you know, engaging in, in, in whatever they can to, to have the law favor their interests.


That isn't, that doesn't favor any constituents. That doesn't have anything to do with what people voted on. And everybody's very collegial with each other. You know, there's a lot of mudslinging on social media and there's a lot of mudslinging on tv. But in the halls of Congress, everybody's very collegial with each other. Everyone knows the game that's being played. And I think that it's an illusion in the truth of what's actually happening most of the time, is policies and actions that hurt the poor, that weaken the middle class and that ingratiate and further the wealth of the wealthy.


And I, I, maybe that's my progressive left-leaning politics coming through. I don't consider myself a political being anymore. I think politics itself is sinister. I don't think You can be a politician in America and not be compromised in some way, because at some point you've had to ignore a truth in order to promote yourself to get to the position you're in. But that's the system we created. And covid, I was a microcosm of every weakness that already existed in that system. And so you have the worst event that ever happened, yet our stock market was on a sugar high for years. People got rich during COV just from their stock positions.


Well, who has stock positions? Not the guy working at the sanitation. You know, not, not the, not the teacher. You know, it was great for wealthy people who, oh my God, my kids can come with me on vacation. I can just take my work, call from a golf course. And the nannies are covering it. If you lived in East Baltimore and you were African American and you were, you were, you were in a school district that was struggling. You didn't even log on for two years. We lost a whole generation of kids to remote learning. Those schools should have never been closed. And yet you, you brought up all these places in the country that had, Thank you, Dr. Fauci signs.


Well, what do they all have in common? These are upper middle class parts of the country. A Hundred percent Poor people did not get anything from Covid. And if they continue to wave the flag of, of who they believe their political hero is, guess what? There's no politician who's really doing much for the poor. There's some talking about doing stuff for the poor, but what actually trickles down to the poor is very, very small. And they are getting more and more dis disenfranchised. And when you talked about reorganizing society, that was one of the biggest takeaways. They are more and more disempowered now, the poor of America than they've ever been. Couldn't Agree more. And there are a lot more of them than there ever have been, ever huge at any point in our history.


I'm very aware of that. So, so the question of why does Washington continue to cover it up might be answered just by noting because they're the beneficiaries of it and they've got something to hide. So like why would they, It's working, right? It's working okay. Media went up, tech went up. Yep. Stock market itself went up. You got an election with an incredible turnout. Yep. Right? I mean, what's better to get people to come to the polls than racism, you know, a, a vaccine. They shouldn't be taking some kind of regime change that's happening illegitimately. I mean, we have to remember that if you really take a bird's eye view of the system, it benefits both parties.


It's not simply like the Republicans go and do a strategy that divides people and it just benefits Republicans. Oh, I agree. It's, this is a self-affirming loop. I agree. I mean, that's what the, that's what in the end the trans stuff does, is it, it does serve both parties actually. And totally. I think the race hatred that is been imposed on us, it's not organic, does the same. It's, it's all intentional. It hurts both sides too. It hurts both sides. Well, it Destroys your society ultimately. But it, it definitely distracts people from, you know, other things, you know, go hate each other. Leave us alone as we allude it. This isn't new.


This is Bacon's rebellion. This happened at the end of this at 17 hundreds. It's when, when black and white slaves united and took over ch Charlestown, Virginia. Okay. Because the British were giving them too much taxes And they wanted more protection against Native Americans. It's a very ugly story. They successfully took over a colony for two years. And the plantation class looked at that and said, we have a serious problem right here. Yeah. Because if they realize who the real enemy is and who's getting rich off their backs, we're we're fucked. And the whole concept of chattel slavery and three fifths of a man and white people being better than black people was perfected at that moment because it's incredibly effective at dividing the poor right down the middle.


And look at when Martin Luther King got assassinated, he was at the point where he was focusing on wealth disparity. Oh, I know. And programs for the poor. That's when he got killed. Not when he said that we're all created equal. Yeah, Yeah. And he's not, you know, the only one who got assassinated for moving A lot Of people. Yeah. So I just want to touch on the public health response after the virus became universal. And you talked about why you think there was relentless focus on vaccines, the exclusion of other potential remedies, medicines, but masking, you know, physical separation of people.


It was super obvious right away. Those were not affected, but they, they were policy for years after that. What was that? I think that Fauci believed that whatever it is you tell the public, it should be simple. And there should be no room for confusion about the mandate you're giving. What that leads to is the type of behavior where you're for something one day, you're against it the next day. You don't have conclusive science on boosters for children. In fact, there's no science for boosters to children. They should have never been recommended. And yet they decided to augment that data and just make it simple for people.


I mean, this is giving them the benefit of the doubt and not assuming that there is a more nefarious reason why these policies existed, that were all about ultra vaccinating people constantly. You gotta remember, these are not vaccines. They don't stop the spread of a virus. These are flu shots. And flu shots actually are way more profitable than vaccines. In fact, how many times do you get a polio vaccine in your life? You get it once. Okay. Go up from there. You know, you get a tetanus shot every couple years when you step on a rusty nail. Flu shots are marketed for you to get every year, and they're marketed in a way that you should get 'em when you're healthy. It's not just elderly people.


Well, COVID is even better right now. There's a scary virus that came outta nature that keeps morphing, you know, and, and you know, the first message is this is gonna stop the spread. This is gonna release the pressure and let us go back to our lives. That was a lie. And it was also a lie that we should have been locked down in the first place, and that our schools should have been closed in the first place. That was a lie. So when society is at the brink and everybody is going insane in their homes and can't get back to work, can't go to a bar, can't go to a baseball game, everything about American society has shut down the amount of leverage you have to sell a solution that is completely black and white, that you know, this is gonna do it, this is gonna bring us back.


And anyone who doesn't do it is the enemy. You know, that is of course, really effective. It was. There couldn't be anything further from the truth. It didn't stop the spread. It does doesn't stop you from getting covid. It doesn't stop a lot of things. In fact, itself makes you sick. Of course, indeed, in of itself makes you sick. Do you think we're getting the outline of the public health disasters caused by the Covid virus and by the lockdowns? I mean, are we getting a sense of what the consequences are? I mean, let's take masking in children. There's children don't really get sick from covid.


Sure, they spread covid. But let's be honest about what Covid D is, is the second most infectious virus in history. Everybody gets covid. Some people get sick, some people don't get sick. Some people get really sick, some people get moderately sick. If you have a comorbidity or you are elderly, you could die. Our public health policy was about protecting a small portion of the population that was at risk at, at, of death, a small population. So if we're gonna be honest about that, it, that, that made no sense, right? So what makes more sense is to say, grandma can't get this virus right?


So we gotta protect grandma and, and my, my, you know, my son who's got cancer or my, you know, aunt who's got diabetes. We gotta make sure that they have safe places to go and that they're contained and this vaccine should be available for them. Anything trial should be available because they're at risk of dying from this really scary virus. That's assuming that you don't know anything about the virus already. That's a big assumption. Yeah. Let's go back to the, the news coverage, right? How many times did we hear, we don't know what this is. We don't know what it does. You know, policies to wash surfaces and wash your fruit in the sink, you know, when that had nothing to do with the way that this virus spreads, because to admit that, you know, what this virus does is to admit that you'd been funding it for years and that you know what the fur cleavage site is.


And that, you know, even the way that HIV viruses interact with coronaviruses, because Fauci funded a study by the same scientists who were implicated in, in the, the Covid disaster to experiment with Coronaviruses as an HIV vaccine in 2014. So this is a Pandora's box. You open it up just a crack and it blows open and all hell breaks loose. So for almost a year, lies were told about this virus, not just where it came from, but how to treat it, how it was spread. If we were honest about lab engineering, we would've been able to stop the spread in the way that it mattered the most.


And the truth is that fusion inhibitors and other simple cheap drugs are probably more effective for the majority of people than a vaccine is addressing the virus and stopping it from doing a lot of harm in your body, stopping it from spreading in your body after you've already gotten it. You know, things like Ivermectin, we understand now, chloroquine, these type of therapies were, are arguably just as successful as a vaccine. The problem is, you can't get an emergency use authorization for a vaccine if there's another use useful, right?


Countermeasure. So if you look back at the media and you start, and you look at it with cynical eyes, and you, you've lost trust for Anthony Fauci at this point, like I did. And I said, okay, well, I see one lie. You know, it's like in a true crime, yes. When the detective, the person tells one lie, and they're like, okay, well this probably the killer because now they're lying about this one thing. That's the way that it felt for me. Me too. It's like, how, how could you tell lies this big and not be lying about everything? I have to assume that you're lying about everything. Now that's a fair assumption. And so, you know, you're gonna push this, you experimental technology that conservatively should take about five to 10 years to test in humans before you release it to the public.


That's gonna make certain individuals and companies billions of dollars money. By the way, that flowed back to the NIH and to Fauci s organization, we know now $650 million funded back to that organization through royalties from the pharmaceutical companies. And there is a system in place that is favoring a fixed outcome. And that outcome doesn't have anything to do with public health, and it doesn't really have anything to do with the most effective thing. It's gotta be new and it's gonna benef, it's gotta benefit our friends. And Moderna was a great friend to the US government.


In fact, Moderna was mostly funded by the US government for a period of time. It was never really a successful company. They had been working on that cancer program with mRNA. It didn't stick. They were also funded by the DOD directly. So it's a pharmaceutical company being funded by the DOD, the Department of Defense. And ultimately this project was a big deal for Fauci and for others. And this idea of this coronavirus vaccine and the way in which it got preferential treatment in the process is obvious. In fact, there was a deal to develop this vaccine before the pandemic was even announced.


And people will tell you, oh no, that's just a coincidence. That the, the, the information sharing agreement with Ralph Barrick, the guy who was involved in the research at Wuhan and Moderna and NIH and you know, Fauci under Fauci influence, that was just a coincidence because it, it says on the paper Mers vaccine, not, not SARS vaccine. This is the type of trickery and tom foolery and bullshit that runs bureaucracies. You know, you, you, you, you've been in the system long enough, you know what to put in an email. You know what a grant proposal should have and should not have in it. And, you know, if you're gonna do an information sharing agreement before the world is hit with the worst pandemic of a generation for a vaccine to have a front runner position, that you don't wanna have too many fingerprints on that.


So let's call it a MERS vaccine and not a a a a SARS vaccine. All of that happened. All of that happened. And the reason why it happened is because there was knowledge that this virus was gonna ravage the world months before it was reported. And that it's insane to think that Anthony Fauci a preeminent infectious disease. You know, not a virologist, but someone in public health who's been studying these viruses did not get the fucking memo that a virus was spreading all over China before December. That's hard to


believe. So we were in a meeting here at TCN the other day, and I looked around the room and every other person had a kind of ruddy vitality, sort of pink cheeks, alertness, bright eyes, full mental acuity, and a cheerfulness you could almost smell. And I asked, why does everyone look so good? And part of the answer, of course, is they like what we do for a living. It's really interesting. We think it's important. But another reason everyone looks so good is because they had all had a great night sleep. I'm not making this up. Almost everybody here uses a new sleep technology from a company called Eight Sleep. They sent it to us and everyone here loves it. It's called the pod. It's a high tech mattress cover effectively that you add to your existing bed. You don't need a new bed or anything like that. You just throw this over what you have. What it does is adjust the temperature of your bed warmer or cooler, depending on what you want. And it maintains an ideal sleeping environment all night long. So I didn't know this, but as you progress through different phases of sleep, your body's needs change. And Eight Sleep automatically keeps things exactly where they should be in the sweet spot through the entire night. It's been proven to increase the quality of your sleep, the amount you sleep Every night. It improves your recovery time from physical exertion, and it may even improve your cognitive performance. Enhance, enhance your overall health. It seems to be doing that in our office. So it learns and adapts to your sleep patterns over time and automatically adjusts temperatures throughout the night through each phase of sleep. And it does this independently for each sleeper on either side of the bed. That's pretty cool. So You can sleep well and feel much better and be more effective the next morning as we are here. Try it for yourself. Go to Eight Sleep dot com slash Tucker. Use the Promo code Tucker to get an extra 350 bucks off the Pod four Ultra. You can try it with zero obligation for a month, and if You don't like it, just send it back again. That's Eight Sleep dot com slash Tucker. Better sleep today and look great in your morning meetings. As our guys,


Your data is like gold to hackers. They're selling your passwords, bank details, and private messages. McAfee helps stop them. Secure VPN keeps your online activity private AI powered text scam detector spots, phishing attempts instantly. And with award-winning antivirus, you get top tier hacker protection. Plus you'll get up to $2 million in identity theft coverage, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com. Cancel any anytime terms apply.


I can say to my new Samsung Galaxy S 25 Ultra, Hey, find a keto friendly restaurant nearby and text it to Beth and Steve and it does without me lifting a finger so I can get in more squats anywhere I can. 1, 2, 3. Will that be cash or credit? Credit? Four Galaxy S 25 Ultra, the AI companion that does the heavy lifting. So You can do you get yours@samsung.com compatible. Select aspart, Google Gemini account results may vary based on input check responses for accuracy.


Two, China had the world Military games, as you said, but it also sent, you know, hundreds of thousands of its citizens around the world, including from Central China around Wuhan, including to Mulan, Italy and all of Western Europe. And after they knew that this pandemic had begun, that the virus was on the loose. How do you explain that? Well, it's interesting because there is this theory that Anthony Fauci a man with so much knowledge, understood that in the wrong hands, this disaster could be World War iii.


And that the reason why he covered it up was to prevent Trump from, you know, starting World War III and, and making a declaration of war because of the actions of the Chinese. Yeah, that plays well. But I think that there's a, a much harder pill to swallow and that we covered it up because we were part of it and what we did in the shadows that hasn't been reported yet, who knows how ugly that is. And that's our government. China's gonna be China, China's gonna do what China does. China is for the most part an our enemy in the United States.


I don't consider them my enemy because I'm not a government, I'm a citizen. And I I think that all governments potentially can be abusive, apparently. Yeah. My government is abusive. Right? So if people don't have civil liberties in China, if people can't report on things and they're censored on China, if the citizens are, you know, neglected and abused and, and and manipulated in China, I have a logical explanation for that. China's gonna be China. The part that I refuse to accept is that, you know, the, the great experiment of democracy, the sort of the leader of thought in the, on the planet, the, the, the guardian of truth and democracy and, you know, the, The best system did the exact same thing Yeah.


And pretended like they Were the good guy. So I don't understand, I know I keep beginning every sentence, but I don't understand, but I don't understand either. Well, after Five years, like where the people, where the courageous people in the media or the Congress or the executive branch where the courageous physicians, the researchers, the NIH employees, They're all in the movie. And that's what's so interesting is that if you look at this movie, There aren't that many then. There aren't that many, sadly. But there are many that aren't in the movie. But I, I think a phenomenon happened that I joined this party at a point of real, I think apathy, even for the people that fought so hard to expose the truth.


Because that by that point there had been a grant proposal that got released to the public. There had been all these damning emails to Fauci, there had been all this and still no wide scale awareness. And what's interesting is that's when I started making the film in, in a way, what feels like the bottom of this story is that all of this exists and no one's doing anything about it. And for many people who are not really in love with Donald Trump's policies or, or find other aspects of that base hard to swallow, they feel this great hope now. And three people in our film are going to be in prominent positions that are historic, the nominations for these positions.


Jay Charia is going to run the NIH wonder wonderful, wonderful man, he's been smeared and maligned. He's a wonderful scientist and virologist, And he iss a decent human being, a a very decent human being and someone who cares about helping people. Yes, I totally agree. He does not have any pharm pharmaceutical underwriting. He's got no weird agenda. I totally agree. No weird agenda. Marty Macari. Yep. Okay. In the movie. Okay. Marty Macari is a wonderful doctor who did whatever he could to challenge some of these sort of subjective medicine that was happening during Covid. He believed in herd immunity, he believed in a lot of things that, you know, were unpopular.


But the truth is, is that when he said the pandemic was gonna spread all around the world back in January, he actually was not loved by Republicans. And they called him an alarmist. And I remember, you know, a lot of things. So let's just realize that who, who appears to be a pol a a hero on one political party was an enemy, a a, a day before. I mean, I'm that person now. I mean, I I, if you look at the rest of my movies, I mean, I'm someone who would be labeled, you know, an enemy of the state for, for someone on the right. The truth is, is that the truth actually matters. And that if you look beyond politics, we need to unite around these things. And so the film is a coalition of people, including Jeffrey Sachs, who was on this show and is a, is a, a wonderful thinker, and someone who is clearly on the left.


And, and Sam Husseini, who's a Palestinian American journalist who's been kicked out of a lot of press rooms, who is, you know, extremely outspoken about what's happening in Israel and, and, and, and is a, is obviously dismayed by what's happening in Gaza. And it goes against caste, right? That all of these people agree that COVID was completely and totally an inside job, a lab accident that Anthony Fauci is, you know, for lack of a better word, pure evil. And, you know, that's what's needed now. And what's incredibly refreshing is many of these voices are now in nominations for huge posts that have been compromised for decades.


The NIH has been compromised for decades. I mean, at least as long since nine 11, but potentially longer. And the FDAI mean, that's been compromised for a long time now. Yes. And there's also other people, I mean, I was given permission to say this, but Andrew Huff, who's in our film, is under secretary to RFK. You've got a guy who was a firsthand witness to the spying of a US funded nonprofit on a Chinese lab, and who worked for Peter Dash's nonprofit, who was then harassed for years and called a lunatic and a lot of different things.


And the truth is that he knew what he was talking about. And he is, he's now in a position to use his knowledge of technology and use his knowledge of epidemiology to monitor pandemic threats. And I mean, all pandemic threats, not the ones that, you know, just come from nature. You know, we actually have people in positions right now what RFK is going to do for anyone who understands the extent to which companies are poisoning American citizens with the permission of the American government. Literally, okay? Half of the things in a supermarket aisle are not good for you. And when you go to Europe, they're illegal.


Okay? Or you go to Japan or another country, they're illegal Russia. Russia illegal, okay? But here in the United States, they're not. And the amount of health complications that exist from these products fuel the other part of the industry, which is perpetual sickness. And covid, whether designed to do this or not, creates perpetual sickness. And one of the most frightening things is that this calamity is not behind us, right? In fact, the media wants you to believe that it's behind you. They, they believe through their data, they claim that people are over covid, they don't want to talk about it anymore. How could we be over something that's still augmenting our genes right now?


It still have, has a panoply of reactions, including turbo cancers. Even if you just got the virus and weren't vaccinated, how could we be over that? And how could we be over the fact that when we lied about it originally, when it was lied about, and the the media didn't cover it, that more funding for this research happened. There are more labs doing gain of function research right now. And one of the most frightening things that concerns me and I believe is absolutely urgent right now, is that for the last six months we all have seen reports about bird flu coming over naturally from cow milk, from a cat. There was a farm worker who got it and call me a cynical person.


The threat of bird flu, lab generated bird flu has existed since the study that Anthony Fauci conducted, funded with Ron Fuer and Karaka for 10 years. People have feared a bird flu coming outta the lab for 10 years. The wet market proved that you gotta be a little bit sharper at story of it coming from nature. And for six months now, we've seen story after story isolated crossover. And it's not just from one source, it's coming from milk, it's coming from a cat. You know, to me, this is them sharpening the tool because it is absolutely inevitable that a bird flu will cross over into humans and it won't be natural.


And the one we're gonna be infected with is not gonna be the one that infected the cat or the cow milk. It's gonna be from a lab. And do we have any sense of what the effect will be? Covid changed everything about the world, and the fatality is like one to 3% max for a virus like Covid for a lot. It's, some people would argue it's under 1%. Bird flu is like straight down the middle. Doesn't matter if you're a kid or an elderly person, you're starting in ranges of like 10% to 50% Mortality. Yes.


Bird flu is way more lethal than CO bird flu. When Fauci funded these studies and scientists were debating the work at conventions, there's a scene of it in the movie. A journalist says, I thought this was a doomsday virus. Why are we doing this work? It is a doomsday virus. And keep in mind all of the transitions and shifts in power that occurred for a virus that was not a doomsday virus. What happens when there is a doomsday virus? Who's gonna benefit? Who's gonna lose? How much power is gonna shift from an event like that? And you've got a situation now where all the people I just mentioned gonna destabilize the FDA, gonna destabilize the NIH, going to declassify all of the information that would prove a story that's incredibly damning for a lot of people, including pharmaceutical companies, nation states.


You've got Donald Trump who's not liked by a lot of the establishment and these bureaucracies that thrive on being insulated in some ways more powerful than The president of the United States. Some of the bureaucracies. And and that's been proven through history multiple times. It seems like it would be a really great time for a distraction. And the risk is that we are going to suffer from another manmade pandemic before we figured out who's responsible for the last one. And it's gonna hurt us so much that we won't even care. Yeah. And that's coming, that's why this is urgent. That's why I have no issue partnering with anyone who wants to do activism around this issue.


If we thought nuclear disarmament was a core issue, threatening, you know, the human race, this type of work is in multiples of hundreds as far as the rest. So why Were there bio labs in Ukraine? I think that the whole Ukraine thing is, is really fascinating, right? Like I can't tell you that we, we Know that, by the way, it's not a conspiracy theory. I mean No, there's Biolabs in Ukraine. The under Secretary of State announced it in the Senate hearing. Yes, totally. And meta biota and the connections to Hunter Biden, meta biota is very much connected to the research, including things like the diffuse proposal, including Peter Daik, who's like an evil scientist slash spy who's potentially not just spying for the US but spying for the Chinese Communist Party and working as a double agent.


I mean, all of these, why are all these things con Why are they all in the same bucket? It's a, it, it, it, I don't know. It doesn't make sense. It'd be like, oh wait, But why would you have bio labs in a war zone? I don't understand. Perfect place to have 'em. Right? No one's looking, there's no regulation. You can do whatever you want there. In fact, a lot of the work we were offshoring in China served the same purpose. Yeah. Their regulations are weak. Well, that tells you everything right there. I mean, if you're, you know, if I'm looking for a place to construct a bio lab, I'm thinking, I don't know Geneva. Yeah, right. Sure. I'm not thinking the poorest country in Europe, the most corrupt country in Europe, Ukraine. I mean, why would, why would you do that? 'cause they're the, the most, you know, capable scientists or they're not.


A lot can happen in the cloak of chaos. That's, and war, we know that from history. I mean, things happen in, in war zones. That, so Just that specific question to Newell announces, we've got bio labs in Ukraine. What a few people, I noticed I did a segment on it immediately attacked by CNN conspiracy theorist. I don't wanna single out CNN but I think when we look, you know, 10 years from now, if we're still here, we'll see that the pandemic was kind of the high point. The apogee of their power, like maybe the last moment CCNN could actually have an effect on the country. They had so much power and time, and again, it was not an accident.


They were saying things they knew weren't true, but that were consistent with the storyline from people like Fauci. Like what was that? I mean, in all fairness, let's be real. Your former employer used to do the same thing for years. Oh, I almost got fired over it. Oh yeah. They were mad at Me. So let's not, no one is singled out in the, in the ate nature mainstream media. I agree. I agree with that. Because it's about ratings. Because Roger Ailes is brilliant idea to make opinion based news. Yes. Killed the wa Walter Cro Cronkite approach. Maybe I worked at CN before, you know, Fox started and it was, it was the same idea. I mean that, you know, that's a complicated question.


But I I mean every one of them has a cancer from, if you're saying M-S-N-B-C, I mean, they had Fauci on and celebrated his book. He was on Maddow, he was on all these people. And look, I know for a fact that Rachel Maddow is a very intelligent person. And I think she may mean well, I know Joy Reed. Joy Reed was in one of my films. She's an intelligent person and she means well the industry that is, that they are in is driven by this kind of insanity. And it's a miracle that you made it out. Honestly. Well, I Was fired, but It's a blessing. You were fired. Oh, I agree. But no, my question is not like, are they good people or not? I, man, obviously I know 'em, I spent my life there.


But the question is like, what are the mechanisms that the government uses to control media coverage? That's an interesting question. How far up the ladder do we want to go? Do we wanna let it be the government controlling media companies? Or do we want to admit that the government has suffered from complete agency capture in every division of the government? Right. And that veiled interest, like pharmaceutical companies, right. Or the military industrial complex, you know, companies for-profit corporations influence the government more than its voters, more than its politicians. Right. So we're getting back to where you started, which was by saying, I thought astutely that what you're looking at are powers bigger than nation states, more, more powerful than nation states.


And when you say agency capture, it's not just in the strict sense of a federal agency, it's agency, which is to say the freedom to do what you want, you know, agency like human agency. Sure. The government doesn't have agency actually, because it's subject to powers bigger than itself. Correct. And, and I, I want to, you know, I've been dying to do this, but the deep state was ours first. I mean, you know, the concept of a deep state was a leftist concept of agency capture and things like this. I mean, we could argue that I still don't use that. I still don't. I hate using It's a buzz. It's a dog whistle. I agree. And I hate using it because I feel like a freaking wacko because I lived in DC for so long and my family worked for the government and I just always scoffed at people who use that term.


But of course it's completely real. It works Well, they were right. And some of the people I disliked most, I'll just say it, they were right about that. They were, And mainstream media, same thing. Dog whistle. You, you hear that on the left. You're like, oh, I'm done talking to you. Mainstream media, whatever guy, you know, go back to your conspiracy theorist, right? Let's Bolshevik communist. Okay. Terrorist conspiracy theorists notice a trend. Yeah. Right. These deep state, mainstream media people who devise strategies for capturing the population this way aren't dumb. We are, we're as a species, we need it to be simple.


Right. And we are currently being divided by simple concepts like that. Even those, the truth behind them is very real. We do have a problem with mainstream media being completely captured. And you asked how, how does it happen? Why is it that there are wall to wall ads for medicines? Do you think anyone sitting at home saying, you know, honey, I wanna talk to the doctor about a prescription for Rex Luby or whatever the Rybelsus or Yeah. Rybelsus or you know, you know, know, I can't even, they're so absurd. The names they've run out of names. They're so absurd.


Now what is that? So it's funny, I mean, I started in cable TV in 1995. That's 30 years. And it was only in the last couple of years, I think it was Bobby Kennedy or someone who's thought about it more than I had said to me this exact thing. The point is not, and I wondered like, who's buying this? Who's asking his doctor for rybelsus? Nobody. The point is to control the news organization. Correct. Right. It's not a consumer play. No. Right. I didn't understand that. I don't, I was too close to it. These, but that's true. Large media organizations considered to be the last line of defense. Right? The free press in the United States. The fourth estate are completely captured, of course, the same way the FDA is captured the same way the NIH was captured.


They're captured and they're drunk off the teet of the people who are paying for ads. And if someone's gonna pay for that many ads and you lost that ad revenue overnight, that's an incredible bargaining chip. You probably shouldn't cover that. No, that's it. It's your stock price. There's no doubt. I mean, that's, that's a real thing. No, I ran up against it. I didn't understand it at the time. I mean, the problem with hosting a nightly show is it doesn't leave you a lot of time for reflection outside of your area. So, you know, you pick a topic in the morning and then you spend all day thinking about it. Presumably you've thought about it before, but you're thinking about your script and what to write and, but it's just hard to see the context for anything of course.


Right. You're, you're distracted. So It's an art form. Honestly, I I, I really respect and appreciate the people who are running daily programs like that and offering, you know, to their viewers a take. And I get the privilege to spend, I do it faster than most, but I spent about eight to 12 months sometimes, you know, 14 or 16 living in a story. Right. And living in this story for that long and looking at the data and the evidence for that long, I've lost a lot of sleep. I Bet I've lost a lot of sleep. I've lost a lot of hope. And I think that people often ask, well, what are we gonna do now? So then what, what, what should we do then? There should be, should there be laws?


Should there, yeah, there's gotta be laws, there's gotta be all sorts of things. There's gotta be an urgent intervention right now to stop the lab work that's happening that could cause another pandemic. But in a way, you know, you can't turn a battleship in the middle of the ocean. It doesn't do a u-turn. I mean, there's a lot going on right now that needs to be, you know, dismantled. And, and like I said, what is, what is crazy is that four years ago, under the indoctrination, under the sort of way that I had lived my life, I would look at a Donald Trump victory. And I'd say, this is, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's a disaster. You know, this is the way liberals who are, you know, drunk off M-S-N-B-C, they, they think the world is ending.


It's a great consumer to have. When a consumer thinks the world is ending, they actually spend really freely, we can get into that in another episode. But the way fear really affects people's. But this constant fear, you know, the people that are actually most afraid of Donald Trump are, are, a lot of them are extremely powerful folks running bureaucracies who have been able to control the system for a period of time. A Lot of them are Republican senators actually. Correct? Oh yeah. And chairman of Intel committees. Yes. Yes. And that's, and that's this other side to the story. And, and it, it was, it was, it was really heartbreaking for me to have these affiliations over the years and then to see this affiliation that I had identified with.


And mind you, I'm not a political person. I see fraud in all politics. But to see that who I believed was out there to help the poor and provide services and believe all these different things about equality and, you know, these buzzwords was the elite. And by the time we've gotten to Joe Biden, it's, the party represents the elite. Now it doesn't, it's not doing anything for the working class. It's not doing anything for the poor. It's not protecting the people that I think should be protected. And maybe I'm biased 'cause I've lived in cities most of my life, but there are some services that are needed. And of course there's corruption in every service.


I don't have an answer. And you know, the truth is, is that a lot of these politicians, they don't have an answer either, but they'll tell you what you want in order to get there. And when they get there, it's a whole different type of question. Well, you gotta believe in our business. You've gotta really sincerely believe that saying the truth out loud is a necessary step, whether or not it solves the problem. But without that, you definitely can't solve any problems. There's a lot of spiritual people who think that just saying the truth is a divine act. We have to be willing to say the truth. It's, people are afraid to say the truth. Well, That is a core precept of both Judaism and Christianity. Yeah. In the beginning was the word. Yeah. And no, that's absolutely right.


And I, I personally believe that, 'cause I, I mean, I know it, but, but just in a political context, just at a, on a policy level, you can't fix a problem until someone stands up and says, actually, here's what it is. So I'm, I'm dismayed by all the different signals that exist that sadly it's not possible anymore. And as much as I want to believe it is on a political level, that if we're not on a search and destroy on those bureaucratic levels and those sort of, all those agency capture moments, and that we're not just putting crazy people in management positions.


And I can, I can tell you it is, it is cra crazy for me to see the individuals who I know and who I've sat with and who I know that they have integrity be called crazy wacko fringe. Oh, I know, you know, idiots. You know, they're gonna, you know, whatever. And so I think that that's the real reform is, you know, until you clear out that rot, right, and we were talking about pharmaceutical companies having the lion's share of ad revenue across the entire sector until you make it illegal for pharmaceutical companies to advertise in the United States. Same way tobacco companies can't advertise, you know, on television.


You know, they could, they're relegated to magazines And they can't even have billboards in a lot of places. Pharmaceutical companies should be way worse. You know, the, the restrictions, Their products are more, their products are more dangerous. I mean, I'd much rather have my kids use tobacco than SSRIs. Sorry. Yeah, it's true. I, yeah. So last question. What, you've alluded to this a couple of times, but like what effect has this had on your life? Yeah, I mean, like I said, lost a lot of sleep. I mean, like anyone else, COVID, did you Lose friends? You know what's interesting is I didn't, Wow, great. Because when I could finally get through to people and I had their attention, I saw the transition happen in them.


And I think what's interesting is like, if you look at a zombie movie or you look at, you know, a piece of science fiction, there's always a hack, right? There's a hack to the, to the mind control. There's a hack to the sickness that people are suffering from the, the thing that's turning them against each other. And I think that one of the most sinister things about Covid is we lost the ability to sit in the same room, to look someone in the eye, to have a conversation. Yes. And even before Covid, even by the time we got to the 2016 election, maybe before that, we lacked the ability to have conversations across different ideological. That's right. You know, means.


But the fact remains that if you have a logical conversation with someone about an issue, that that's really where our humanity comes through. And all of the different platforms that we're living off of that we're addicted to social media, you know, regular mainstream media, it's designed to actually take us out of that humanity and to make us mechanical in the way that we live our life. And the more mechanical we are so true, the less willing we are to say, oh wow, that's interesting. I feel that in my heart. And I, I truly believe I will make this challenge to anyone who considers themselves a liberal, a democrat who feels heartbroken about this last election.


That if You can make it 10 minutes into this film, you will never feel the same way ever again. And I believe that it's not because I'm a great filmmaker, it's not because, you know, it's special, it's because the information has been so disparate purposefully that you can't connect it in one sitting. And what the film does is it allows you to connect 75 years of scientific arrogance of government, you know, disasters all in one place and realize they're all connected. And that has been deprived of the public for decades now. A lot of it because of cable news, because there isn't enough time to connect at all.


Well, That is true, man. That is the truest. And so I could sit here with you and despite, you know, seeing you on the air and maybe you had opinions that weren't my own, you're a human being. We're sitting here, we're having a conversation. I agree. I don't care who you voted for because we're talking about the truth now. And we need to have that conversation because everyone is at risk right now. This is not a political issue. Everyone, not just in America, is at risk. Everyone on the planet is at risk right now. And if it can benefit certain people so enormously, whether it was an accident or intentional, and if so much power can be transferred from an event like this, it's gonna happen again.


That's right. And that's why I made the film, and that's why I'm willing to work with anyone who's passionate about stopping this from happening again, about holding people like Anthony Fauci accountable about, you know, getting rid of the rot in, in these agencies that are meant to protect people since when are we not about consumer protections anymore? Remember that part of the United States when no people were trying to protect constituents? It's the opposite. We're selling effectively selling American citizens down river to abusive and somewhat murderous forces that have captured our government. And believe me, they're not Donald Trump.


They're big agro. They're big pharma. They're, they're things that poison us every day. There's, there's connective tissue to these stories, like in the movie that if you sat and you experienced it in one place, you would never look at the world ever again the same way. And I, all I hope is that it can break through enough to do that. And I, I Thank you for having me on to discuss it. You know, It's an amazing, amazing two hours. Thank You. Thank You. Thanks for listening. The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made the complete library. Tucker Carlson.