
Life is full of things to manage your work, your family, your plans, and your treatment. Consider Kista Ofatumumab 20 milligram injection. You can take it yourself from the comfort of home. If you're ready for something different, ask your healthcare provider about Kista and check out the details@kista.com. Brought to you by Novartis Pharmaceuticals Corporation.


Thank you. Thank you for having me. Ah, I love being here. Thank you. Oh, I know you. I feel like I know a lot of people here. I have so many relatives in Texas that No, it's true. Some of them are from here. Others fled as the rest of the country collapsed. But I'm always here. It's so wonderful. I mean, I guess no matter where I was, if I was in Bayone, New Jersey, I'd pretend to like it, but I actually do love Texas. I don't have to pretend, and I'm sure there's great stuff going on in Bayone Deep.


You don't even know where that is, do you? Good. Anyway, thank you so much for having me. We have protestors outside, which I love. No, it's amazing. Someone just told me that we've been on the road, this is our ninth night. We're going coast to coast, 16 different cities. And the idea was, you know, you want to see the country that you love, that you were born in, that you're gonna die in and that you really care about, but also they can't censor a live event. And there's something about being in the, in a room full of people you agree with that is so great. It's like a spa treatment. It's incredible. If you spend your life experiencing the rest of the country through your phone or your television or your radio, the eight people who still read newspapers through the newspaper, you really get such a distorted sense.


And it's not an accident. of course, they're trying to make you dislike your country and have contempt for it and feel hopeless about it. But above all, they're trying to make you feel crazy. Like you're the only person who feels the way that you do that. This is bizarre. You're thinking yourself. This is bizarre. You know, you're lying, you're insane. And that I think is a normal person's reaction to the news, particularly recently. And of course they're flipping it around on you and being like, no, no, everything's fine. You're crazy. You're crazy. And by the way, after a while, I mean the Soviets used to do this to, to any sort of dissenter, you know, they put 'em in mental hospital And, they like, you're crazy.


You don't think the experiment's working. It's working just fine. And you know, the truth is like they can kind of convince you that there's something wrong with you or that you're an extremist or something because you think what they're doing is nuts. And that's one of the real reasons I wanted to get out and just be in rooms full of people who are not crazy at all. All they're the most normal people in the country, which by the way is the whole country. I mean, the percentage of people who are on board with the things that are happening now is tiny. And the polls don't reflect. I mean the polls are a reflection of a bunch of things. Part of it is party identification.


Part of it is fear. You know, convincing people that you know your side may be terrible, that the other side is really dangerous. And part of them are just absolutely fake. I mean, they're not even real. They're designed to discourage you and to tell you a story that's not rooted in reality. But whatever the cause of bad polling, it doesn't measure the truth about the country, which is most people are not mad at each other at all. Most people have more in common than they don't. They live here, they're Americans. They have basically 99% of things in common and they're not mad at each other. And I know that because I always think of myself as the most hated person in America. Probably some truth in that. But you know, when I show up at your Quiznos or something for my unhealthy lunch, no one ever says anything nasty to me.


Everyone's nice. We love you. Well, I love you too. Were you, were you at Quiznos? I think I saw you. You were getting the Turkey. But it's funny, it's, it really is a lie. People in this country are not actually at an individual level divided by race or sex or party ID to anywhere near the extent that they tell you at all. Like who is actually for, I don't know, inflation or no borders or castrating your kids and having no grandchildren. Like no one is for that. They're like, nine rich ladies in LA are for that.


Everybody else hates it. That's just true. And you're just reminded of that when you travel. And that's why I do wish I had had a chance to meet the protestors. I kind of like protestors. They're just interesting. And when you confront them in person, they never, you know, they never have the stones to get mad at you. They always a little embarrassed. Are you calling me a Nazi? Oh no, not you. That's my picture on your side. Well I didn't, I didn't see that. Okay. But it's just so funny. It's like I always have the exact same thought because you know, you try to be reflective and when people call you names, I do think it's really important to ask yourself honestly in some quiet place.


The shower is a good spot. You know, is that true? Am I what they're calling me Because you don't want to be the things they're calling you actually. And you don't wanna let them turn you into the things they're calling you, which is also part of the goal to upset you so much that you become the hater they claim you are. But so I have been through this process for, you know, so many years where they call you something and I actually do try to take stock. Like am I that person? I don't want to be that person. Am I that person? And the one thing that always makes me laugh is when, and I'm sure every person in this room has been called it, but an extremist, you're an extremist. I was thinking, you know, whatever else I am, you know, a dessert eater, some other unattractive qualities, I'll admit it.


But whatever else I am, I'm the opposite of an extremist. I hate change. My parents got divorced. I'm totally opposed to change. I don't like any change. It's just, I honestly have a really clear vision of America that doesn't strike me as extremists. Strikes me as the opposite. I liked America in 1985, actually very well. And I'm sure a lot of people in this room aren't old enough to remember 1985. And those of you who aren't may think, well, you know, did they have electricity and air conditioning and air travel then? Was the country segregated? No, it was awesome. There was very little conversation about the things that divided us.


There was a ton of conversation about fun, irrelevant things like sports and the weather and like that really mattered. And in a healthy society, a happy society, people's focus is not entirely on politics. of course, politics is what you do to make the things that are important possible. Like your marriage, your children, your religious faith, your job politics is the price you pay for the freedom to continue doing what you want to do to live your life without bothering people. And in 1985, most people lived lives like that. I never heard of a family in 1985 that was divided by politics. Everybody had some sort of crazy, you know, organic peanut butter on, you know what I mean? Who'd sort of never gotten over the sixties.


And she was sort of nice, long, complicated earrings, faint aroma of incense. Marijuana wasn't clear what it was, but you know, a musky scent. And she was pretty enthused about the whales. And she wasn't fully in touch with like shaving her body hair and went whatever, you know? But she wasn't mad at you. You weren't mad at her. You considered her faintly hilarious. And she would like sit in Indian style and ask you about your feelings and you'd be like, okay, you know? But there was no sense in which families that I recall anyway. And I grew up in California. I'm embarrassed to say that to Texans, since you've been invaded by them.


You should have built a wall actually on your western. No, I'm serious. You should have. You should have. But you didn't. Man, they're everywhere. And I can spot them. You know, you know your own people anyway, But there was no sense in which politics was the most important thing at all. Because at the time, and this is the difference, in 1985, we had leaders, some of whom I agreed with, some of whom I didn't. But none of them took it as their personal mission to divide the country they led and make people hate each other.


That would be unthinkable in 1985. And in fact, it would be unthinkable to any normal person because the last thing you ever do is divide the people you are in charge of. And if you're a parent, you know this. If you're a parent, your deepest desire, your secret dream, the thing that motivates you above all is the idea that your children will love each other because you're gonna be gone. As I heard someone day say the other day, we get our, you know, we lose our parents way too soon. We find our spouses and our children way too late, but it's our siblings who are with us from beginning to end. And that's true. And every parent knows that's true.


And so the measure of a happy family, I've always thought is the degree to which the children, the siblings, the brothers and sisters love each other and are united. And that's what you leave behind much more than any real estate portfolio or money that you pass on, is the love between your offspring. That's such a natural desire. But it's true. In every human organization, the leader's job is twofold. One, to be courageous because the bravest man is the leader regardless of title doesn't matter, bravery is the indispensable quality in a leader, period, period. And the second is the unity of the people you lead.


And that's true in your office. It's true in your platoon if you serve in the military and it's above all true in your family. And of course it's true at scale in a country of 350 million people. And so it takes an extraordinary kind of leader, an evil leader by definition, evil to set out to intentionally divide people. He leads, period. And that is what we've seen. And you may be wondering, well wait a second, aren't you getting to motive? How can you know the motive of our leaders? Because you can't see their hearts. Only God knows what they really think. And that is a fair rebuttal. Now, no one actually said that. I'm anticipating your criticism ahead of time, and I've changed my thinking on this.


I've always, since I've been in journalism my whole life, I've always sort of, you know, kept away from guessing people's motives because honestly you can't know. But I have decided in mid middle age that actually I can know, and I know motive by result. The result is the goal over time. In other words, if you keep doing something and winding up in a certain place, you meant to get to that place. No matter what you tell me, it doesn't matter what story you tell me. It doesn't matter what story you tell yourself, all I care about is the effect because I judge the tree by its fruits. You can tell me you're a lemon tree, but if pears come out, I think you're lying to yourself or to me or both.


It doesn't matter. You're not a lemon tree, you're a pear tree. And so if the effect of your policies is to divide the people you lead and make them hate each other and divide the essential organization and human civilization in life, which is the family, You meant to do that. And there's nothing more evil than that. When they sent us home for Thanksgiving three years ago and told us on television, your job, when you get home for Thanksgiving, a sacred secular holiday, the only holiday that all Americans share, actually, regardless of religious faith, Thanksgiving, where we give thanks for this nation that we inherited, when they sent us home from cable news to Thanksgiving, they told us explicitly, you go home and you find your uncle, your grandmother, your dad, whoever's not with the program, and you lecture them about whatever Black lives matter, the vax, it doesn't matter.


Covid the mask, social distancing, the pretext was irrelevant. The point was they worked intentionally to turn children against their parents, to turn Americans against their neighbors to turn the races against each other. They've been on that program for 60 years and it still hasn't worked. Most Americans do not hit each other on the basis of their race. Boy have they failed on that program. I've been called a racist a million times, and yet I have never, one time in all the years I've lived in this country, which is 55, ever been attacked by someone of a different race because I'm a racist.


Not one person that ever said, the only person who's ever said that to me are the private equity wives in the ski lift in Jackson Hole. I'm serious sitting, trying to enjoy my elk chili at the four seasons between runs. It's the, the only people who've ever called me that are rich ladies. I'm just being honest with you. And I always say the same thing, which is, I don't, I, no, I don't like you. Actually, that doesn't make me racist. It just makes me discerning. And you sort of wonder, sorry, sorry, sorry. I will cop to bigotry. That's my bigotry. Sorry, I'll admit it. It actually makes me feel guilty to admit that there's a group of people I just don't like as a category, but it is private equity wives.


So sorry, now that I've gotten this like an AA meeting, I'm just getting it all out there. I'm just telling you the truth. Those are my sins. But you sort of think to yourself like, what happened? What was the change? And the truth is, for whatever reason, and I think it's clearly a product of a spiritual battle in the unseen world, which is totally real. I didn't grow up thinking I'm, I should also say since we're being honest with each other, I am from La Jolla, California. Yeah. Who said, yeah, that's not a town where the spiritual battle was much discussed. We had one topic of conversation in La Joa, which was the weather, which never changed by the way, which is sort of amazing.


I never realized it at the time. But people in San Diego County in 1980 could talk for like all day about the weather. And the conversation would go something like, you know, it's 75 and partly Claudia, yeah, but this afternoon it's going up to 77 and sunny and then it's gonna go back down to about 74. And this would go on for 12 months here. That was the only topic you could bring up anything you wanted. It was very sort of open-minded. I mean, if you decide to become a lesbian nun or you know, there was nothing too weird for my neighbors, right? The one thing you couldn't mention was anything transcendent. Like for example, you were not allowed to die where I grew up, no dying. There was no, no one ever died at all. And if someone did die, like you could never talk about it. That was like very offensive. People didn't die, they just got in the car and drove to Palm Springs and you just never, the, the presumption was they were on vacation, you never saw them again.


There was no acknowledgement at all that they died because that would raise the question of like, what happens next? And nobody wanted to talk about that. So I did not grow up in a world where, you know, the spiritual battle was discussed, acknowledged in any sense at all. I've come to this by watching empirically on the basis of evidence. And it's just so clearly true that human beings are being acted upon at all times by forces that they can't see. And that this has been the case since the beginning of recorded history. Because all of history is about that battle. Every religion, all literature, all art. And really only people who grew up in La Jolla, California in about 1980 didn't know that.


So it's like a huge shock to me. What I talked to I dinner with, as I said, my cousins last night in Houston, I was telling them about this and they're just like nodding. And I'm like, nobody is that unbelievable? And they're like, yeah, duh. You know, we went to Second Baptist, we knew that. So the people, some people have really changed what's so striking and what I want the substance of tonight to be about is about how so many other people have changed in different ways. And that's a thing that nobody ever acknowledges or not don't acknowledge enough. And that I don't acknowledge to myself enough. And so I think if you're like me and you've been paying attention over the last several years, like what is this?


This is not politics clearly this, you know, this is just evil. Let's just be honest. This is evil. There's no reason, you know, Americans are so patriotic and nice and on the side of the little guy and the underdog and you know, You can absolutely gin up support for any kind of foreign conflict. If you tell People, you know, we're on the side of good against the forces of evil. And once again, they're leveraging as they are with immigration, your best instincts, your decency, your humanity, your compassion, and using them against you. Okay? You're a good person. By the way, Texas has had immigrants since it was a land grant state. And they've been great for Texas. I would say there's no more pro-immigration state than Texas. And for good reason, immigrants have been great for Texas.


So when they open your border and just like wreck your state with immigration, it took Texans a little longer to figure out this was going on. Because they're like, no, we're good people. We're for, we're welcoming people. And the same is true with foreign conflicts. of course, we're on the side of the little guy against fascism or whatever. And of course, and what you don't realize is that the immigration that they're doing now, the open borders immigration, its only purpose is to destroy your country. That's the point. That's that's not, that's not a feature. That's what it's for. It's an act of punishment. It's act of humiliation. They're trying to destroy the country that you grew up in because they hate it. Now why do they hate it? It's a whole separate question. I'm not a theologian, but it's clear that they do.


And on the war question, it's like no sending, you know, a hundred billion or $400 billion to a country only to see its entire male population killed. That's not fighting for freedom. That's, that's killing people actually. And the fact that you're getting rich in the process is really evil.


So you know, things are getting flaky around the world. When prices change unexpectedly, prices tend to change unexpectedly because something has happened to supply chains, global supply chains, all of a sudden you notice the price of ammunition goes up or you can't find common rounds, where's all the rim fire? It's just gone. So if say the current occupants of the White House wanna pretend the economy's doing well, they can release oil from the strategic petroleum reserve and will get a few weeks of lower gas prices. Many common medications, lifesaving medications, are also susceptible to these forces. So today, in September of 2024, nearly 30 states are reporting very high levels of the Covid virus. Now as we've seen, what that actually means about individual health is kind of irrelevant. Government posturing can and does lead to stockpiling health supplies and then rising prices. So you're downstream, all of us are downstream from all of that, from reckless policy makers. What can you do to protect your family? Well, obviously you wanna be sure that addition to everything else you've set aside, just in case you have life-saving medications you might need, if there were some bigger disruption and you wanna buy them now at a decent reasonable price. But how do you do that? Well, it's hard. Who knows where to begin? jce jce medical offers something called the jce case. It's a personalized emergency medication kit that contains essential antibiotics, medications that treat the most common and deadly bacterial infections. They include five lifesaving antibiotics. You can even add on things like Ivermectin and EpiPens that are sure to become scarce and hard to get if a crisis hits and it feels like it might. So to get your JCE case, visit jce medical.com. Fill out a form, it gets reviewed by a board certified physician. And your medications get dispensed by a licensed pharmacy at a fraction of the regular cost. It's not fly by night stuff. These are physicians pharmacists setting aside what your family needs at a good price. Do not forget to use promo code Tucker at checkout for an extra discount. Go to jce medical.com promo code Tucker.


So forest stores are everywhere you are. So just pop in when you need a brown lip to match your nineties playlist. A confidence boost before your interview or a last minute gift for mom's birthday. There's always a Sephora near you. Just pop in. Use our store locator to find your local Sephora or Sephora at Kohl's.


Toyota's legacy has been standing tall for generations. From pioneering hybrid technology to redefining the standards of safety and efficiency. Each innovation, a commitment to progress. And with a legendary lineup of in-stock trucks, including the ultra rugged new Tacoma and heavy duty half ton tundra You can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Max Bankman, I'm the new doctor. Welcome aboard the Odyssey. A b, C, Thursday. This ship is heaven. We're attending to our past dreams. I'm in From 9 1 1, executive producer Ryan Murphy. Comes a splashy new drama on a luxury cruise ship with Joshua Jackson and Don Johnson. It's your job to keep everyone alive. Season's in vfi. 1, 2, 3, Clear. I have A pulse, you're gonna be okay. Dr. Odyssey series premiere Thursday, nine eight, central on A, B, C, and stream on Hulu.


That's just a fact. But it's taken good people a long time to figure out what's going on. Or you know, social distance. Take the vax because you love your grandmother. Love my grandmother, I love my grand. I would do anything for my grandmother. Good, then obey. And so it took decent people like a couple years to figure out, this is not about my grandmother, actually, you don't care about my grandmother. That's why she died alone, right? I mean, it's like, so, so the realization after a while is that wow, evil is real. Like evil exists in the world. It's real. It's really shocking to a lot of people, very much including me. What I think is even more shocking and never acknowledged ex, the existence of good in the world.


Like why is that natural? It's not. It's every bit as unnatural as evil. And by natural I mean like a product of evolution. Like Americans were trained in our secular society for the past 80 years to understand everything through the lens of evolutionary biology. People do what's good for them and what's good for them is passing on their genes to future generations. Like all animals, like all, all animals are this way. Why do dogs do what they do? 'cause they're interested in eating and you know, having puppies. But every species is like that. And we were told that we're like that too. And so the idea that you would hurt someone for the sake of hurting him or that you would do good for the sake of doing good, those do not fit into the template that we were taught growing up at all.


There's no possible advantage that you derive from empathy, selflessness, altruism, deep compassion that doesn't help you pass on your genes. So why are you doing that? You're doing that because good exists in the universe as an independent force that acts on us as certainly as evil does. And it's beautiful and it's all around us and we see it all around us. We see some people changing their face, becoming masks of hate and derangement, saying things that don't make any sense at all. Like at all that moderation is extremism and love is hate, and war is peace and the vax is safe and effective or whatever they're saying.


None of it's true and we're shocked by that. But at the same time, I bet if you take stock of your life, of the life that actually matters, which is the people that God put around you, beginning with your spouse, extending to your children, going out into concentric circles, from there to all of your relatives, to your parents, to your college roommates, to your coworkers, to your neighbors, the people in your actual sphere, the people who you talk to every day, the people you're responsible for, the people whose duty you have to make happy and to care for you will find that your relationships with them are deeper and richer and more real and more honest than they've ever been. I know that that's true in my life for all the friends and acquaintances I've lost, which is pretty much all of them because I'm so extreme and I'm sure every person in this room can relate the relationships I have with the people who are left or the friendships that I've gained since then are so much more rewarding and richer than they ever were.


I don't even have shallow conversations anymore and I love shallow conversations. I'm from San Diego County, I can still talk about the weather. It is 74 with broken Cloud cover. It's incredible. And people are like, no, there's a spiritual war. I mean, people are so deep all of a sudden. And it's just so wonderful because what it shows you is that for every person who's decayed inside and being captured by dark forces, which is a lot of people, most of whom seem to live in Washington, there's so many more people who become bigger and more open and more aware of what connects all of us as human beings, all of us as children of God who are so much more connected, so much more selfless, so much more willing to lay down their lives for other people.


I see that all the time and it blows my mind. And why does it blow my mind? 'cause it's not natural. It's not, there's no it imperative in nature that you lay down your life from another person. In fact, it's the opposite. So it's not natural, it's supernatural. It is the definition of supernatural. And it's just the greatest blessing I've ever received. Been privileged to see. I'm recognizing and all around me things are changing really, really fast. And so to prove that we snuck in Agha tonight. We were planning to have, I was just brooding about this the other day and I was thinking about this amazing experience I had this summer with a woman called Nicole Shanahan.


And all I knew about Nicole Shanahan, I'd like read on Twitter based on New York Times stories, and I should have known is someone who's been the subject of many New York Times stories. It maybe not fully accurate, okay? But the outline of the Nicole Shanahan story was one I thought I understood pretty well. So she's from California, like me from the Bay, like me originally that she had been married to Sergey Bryn, who was one of the founders and biggest shareholders of Google, was truly a force for dark, I think in this world, he's the reason that we're not allowed to be treated as human beings and we're censored constantly. One of the reasons. And that, you know, she's an affluent lady from California and she looked kind of liberal to me and I'm a judger on that subject.


And I was like, okay. And then she's running with Bobby Kennedy, who I love, but I didn't know, I didn't know anything about it. So I get this call from someone who works for Nicole Shannon and she would like to meet you. And I said, okay, I mean I'm, and I meet anybody, you know, 'cause you want to be open-minded and be surprised by people. I've rarely been as surprised by anyone in my whole life as I was by Nicole Shanahan, who turned out to be one of the deepest and smartest and totally real people I think I'd ever met. And she was that way because, and all people you meet, or everyone I've ever met who's like truly deep has had pretty much the same story.


They changed, they were forced to change. Something happened in their life that required them to look inside and ask the basic questions like, what do I believe? Why am I doing this? Should I be doing this? Is this right or wrong? What is right or wrong? And we can float through life without asking those questions, but sometimes we're forced to answer them and she was forced to answer them. And she changed in such an extraordinary way that I wanted to introduce her to those of you who haven't met her and aren't aware of her. And I'm gonna begin this by playing you a video that she made and I was just talking to her. She's made a bunch of videos. So bottom line, just to end a very long story on abrupt, an abrupt in telling note, she's now campaigning for Donald Trump for president.


And and I, I plan to ask her when she comes out, like, of all the things you never thought you'd be doing, that had to be number one, right? That and being like Queen of England or something. It's like, what ladies and gentlemen, Nicole Shanahan. That is so good. What the hell was that? I think that, thank you. Thank you. So I gotta ask the question that I posed before you even arrived on, if I had asked you at a dinner party in San Francisco five years ago, do you think you'd be in say, Sugarland, Texas campaigning for Donald Trump?


Well, hi Texas. Woo. I'm so happy to be here. And I have a special gift from the Maha Peoples to the MAGA peoples. Can you read what that Says? Make America healthy again and check out the back. Unity. Unity. So what I think is so cool and interesting about your story and your honesty is that, you know, at a time when people feel in their gut that something is not wrong, right? With the leadership of the country, you actually can say, you know, I've sort of been there, I've been around a lot of the people who are making these decisions.


So I'd just be really interested in taking a minute to hear your story. What convinced you that you should change your mind on some things? Like how did you get here? Yeah, I'm from Oakland. I'm from Oakland, California, and I spent my life thinking that Democrats were good people and Republicans were bad people. That's what was taught to me in the school system. And you know, I went out to Crossfire as a teenager. I was always interested in politics. I, and I went out most Far the, the fabled CNN program hosted by a very handsome man in a bow tie, Right? And I almost wore a bow tie tonight in celebration and you know, but I was out there to see James Carville debate.


You, and, and you know, I have to tell you, the programming is so strong on the left. They, they earnestly believe what's being sold to them right now. And I came to this, you know, I made that Trump derangement syndrome ad for me. Yeah. I made it for me and I made it for all the people I know who are suffering from the lies the media is telling them. And it, it's an offering. It's an offering to this country to unify, get over this BS and see what's actually happening here.


And I came to this because, you know, there's two things that change people grief and God, and it's usually grief that comes first. Yeah. And my grief was really, I always wanted to be a mother. And more than anything, I wanted to be a mother. I wanted to be a lawyer too. But got that out of the way. I was always very smart. But being a mother turned out to be, be a very convoluted experience. It turns out in this country right now, and if you're a liberal woman, you're told go harvest your eggs and freeze 'em. They tell you that now really early on.


And so I went through the process and during the process I realized a number of things. But I walked away with an understanding that science is also not what they're telling us today. That there's this corporate world that in the case of IVF runs the IVF clinics and the science of IVF is actually not based in, well-researched, well-documented foundational science. It works, it was discovered out of cancer research dollars. But if you actually look at the investment in women's health, it's, it's not there. And ovarian function, it's the least studied organ in the body, arguably the most important, none of us would be here without it.


Right. And, and so I started to fund the science and, and that's when I, I first came across Transhumanism and Transhumanism is very real. It's this idea that technology can replace human function. And so I put a hundred million dollars in to understand how to make and keep healthy women healthy. But all these transhumanists, all these transhumanists, right? What a novel idea. Let's keep women healthy Yes. So that we can have healthy babies. It's the most important thing in the world.


Yeah. But the Transhumanists wanted to build artificial wombs with these grants. They wanted to study IVG, which is creating gametes eggs out of the human stem cells just from your skin. And there's a company called Conception that actually just had mice give birth to five pups with two male donors. And, and so, you know, I it's very real transhumanist. I'm, I'm, I'm in Silicon Valley, I'm in tech, I I see all of this stuff daily and it, it made me question, you know, if we are at a time in human history where we have to pause to really think about where this is all going.


And I was slowly being labeled anti-science as a result of that. And then the pandemic hit and, and like many of us, the science didn't check out, didn't reconcile. So I met Bobby Kennedy and he bravely left the Democratic Party something that like is, it's really hard for a lot of us to do. In his case, it was literally part of his genetics. In my case, it was my upbringing and my programming how I was raised. And so leaving the Democratic party to run as a third party seemed like a healthy thing to do.


I wasn't becoming Republican. Right. Because God, God forbid, but no, but I, that experience is when I realized how bad things are in this country. Republicans have outraged in terms of fundraising Democrats by about four to one. But they don't spend any of that money taking out third party candidates. Democrats do the amount of money they spend on undermining the things that make democracy, democracy. They do it in ways that I could have never imagined.


And I will tell you, they hide it very well from the Democratic party base. And I feel that it is upon us to really, to the Democratic base, what is going on. They're not bad people, but they are being told lies. They're being told lies And. they wanna separate us. And it's not right. So you leave the Democratic party, you go with Bobby Kennedy, you run independent, you see the party that you've spent your life in doing things you didn't know it was doing.


At the same time, you're being called anti-science for following the science. A familiar experience, I think to most people here. But from there it's still a huge leap in the mind of every sort of college educated, affluent person I've ever met in California. Which is a lot to be making an ad like that. I don't think it is such a jump. You know, I it, we're not glorifying Trump, but what we are trying to do right now is break through to individuals that have been programmed to see Donald Trump as a criminal.


So it's, it's, i I I wouldn't actually know how to make an ad glorifying Trump, but what I can make an honest ad about is that we've been lied to about him. I think that's absolutely right. Yeah. Can I just ask you one more question about Transhumanism? Yeah. Go. I wish we, we had like three hours to talk about this. 'cause I sense It's so much, I sense it's the shape of the future and I sense it's maybe the scariest thing. Most people don't know enough about. How common are the views that you described the horrifying Frankenstein like views you described among democratic donors and elites?


It's pretty ubiquitous in the sense that many view it in the same light as vaccines. So there's entire now platforms dedicated to basically mass printing vaccines where you put a virus in And, they print it into any disease format. mRNA is a vehicle to deliver it. And. they think that this is a massive success. Vaccine injuries in this country have been vastly under-reported. And I also believe that behind it is this corporatist ideal on the world that corporatism amongst the democratic elites is the only way towards progress.


And that is a dead lie. We have so much science we could be doing. And Transhumanism, if you wanna hear my real take on it, I I do actually. Yeah. Because I feel like we're getting really close to something important. Really important. Okay. So I'm a lover of philosophy and I read a very important thing that made me understand Transhumanism written by a philosopher Peter Kingsley and I, it actually had me crying in my kitchen. And I was like, where is justice in this world? I was really sad. I was like, where is justice in this world?


And the ancient Greeks believe that justice is a goddess that you meet at the gates of the underworld and when you die, you go and you meet Lady justice. It's, it's much like purgatory and, and how the Bible explains it. But, but I read it in the context of the ancient Greeks And, there justice determines whether you go to hell or heaven. And it's, it's described in incredible terms. And lady justice is not someone You can lie or hide your misdeeds from. And and so I read this and I, I cry because I'm like, at least there is justice in the cosmos might not be here right now.


We can fight for her as an archetype. But the people who are afraid to die, they don't wanna meet lady justice. And, and that's what I think this Transhumanism is all about. I think it is a deep fear of death. Well that is profound. And I think true. And you did see this during Covid. The people I lived around during Covid had been forced to ask themselves, you know, no one wants to die. I don't have no interest in dying at the moment. But people were forced to ask themselves like, is that the worst thing? And the people who decided it wasn't the worst thing, it's worse to live on your knees, right?


Those people had a joyful time during COVID and the people who decided that dying is the worst possible thing. We're the ones enforcing mask mandates and the vax. And you think that stems from the fact that they're afraid to die because they believe on some level there is justice. I think they know viscerally what they're doing.


So how'd you like to cut your cell phone bill in half every single month? That's probably pretty high. Have you checked it recently? Verizon, at and t and T-Mobile want you to believe that you have to have something called unlimited data. And maybe you're in the small percentage that do need unlimited data, whatever that is. But for most people you do not need unlimited data and you certainly shouldn't be forced to pay for it. That's where Pure Talk comes in. Pure talk only charges you for the data that you want. How about that? If you walked into an ice cream parlor, And, they said You can only buy 11 cones. And you said, I just want one. You probably wouldn't go back, would you? No. You go to the place that sold you what you wanted. Talk text and five gigs of data on Pure Talk is 25 bucks a month. How much is five gigs? Well, You can browse the internet for 135 hours. You can stream a thousand songs. You can watch 10 hours of video. So it's a lot actually. So stop overpaying for data you never use and switch to pure talk on America's most dependable 5G network. 25 5 a month. Your talk is proudly veteran led supports American Jobs with their whole customer service team right here in the United States. Everyone speaks English, they're Americans no offshoring. The average family saves almost a grand a year, a thousand dollars a year, no contract, no cancellation fees, a 30 day money back guarantee. Pure talk makes switching very, very easy. Just go to pure talk.com/ Tucker and you will save an additional 50% off your first month. That's pure talk one word.com/ Tucker. Switch your cell phone service to a company You can be proud to do business with. Only buy what you need.


Starbucks iced apple crisp oat milk, shaken espresso made with blonde espresso, creamy oat milk, and spiced apple flavors. It's nice crisp sip. You can enjoy all autumn long order ahead on the Starbucks app.


Every day thousands of Comcast engineers and technologists like Kunle put people at the heart of everything they create. The way that I approach work post fatherhood has really been trying to understand the generation that we're building devices for. Here at the Comcast family. We're building an integrated in-home wifi solution for millions of families like my own. Now millions of families can work, learn, and play together under one roof. Visit comcast corporation.com to learn more.


Hi, we're comparing insurance agency. Never heard of us we know, but to help it stick that our local agents are insurance experts. We're gonna say local agent three times in the next five seconds. Local agent, local agent. Local agent. Find us@comparioninsurance.com.


So how did this, I agree with you a hundred percent because You can run from eternal truths, but they reside within you like, you know, on an animal level that it's all real. All that stuff is real. We all know that. So how does God factor into this? So you've described the suffering crying in your kitchen reading philosophy, by the way. That's something I've never done. And I'm impressed that you have. I'm reading like cereal boxes, but I'm impressed. How did that suffering bring you to an understanding of God? You know, I think that we are all put on this planet to learn things and see things in a very unique perspective.


I was living a very comfortable life in Silicon Valley. I was an early AI developer, I was a techno optimist. And my daughter was diagnosed with autism when she was 18 months of age. And I swear to God, I gave birth to a healthy baby girl. It was all I ever wanted was this healthy baby girl. And she was healthy. I mean, she smiled, she did all these things. It was, she was healthy. And then she got a shot at seven months of age. And by 10 months she was a different kid. And I had an enormous amount of grief. But then sudden the confusion because I was not allowed to consider the fact that the shot caused anything.


And Andy Wakefield is here, guys, he's right there. And Andy Wakefield, if you don't know him, was canceled 25 years ago for pointing out that the MMR causes gut inflammation in certain children, which leads to symptoms like autism. He's a big deal. So my grief was also a very lonely period because no one around me could be someone I could trust with even this notion that perhaps the shot caused an adverse reaction.


This is a no-go for progressives. You cannot talk about these things amongst these communities. And the loneliness plus covid, 'cause this happened around Covid too, led me to a place of utter destruction. And, and I was alone in that process. And you know, we don't have to talk about my ex-husband. It's very therapeutic to be here. It's kind of like a therapy right now is, you know, coming out of that completely alone with a child that you feel helpless to help is a position that either leads you to total hermitage or makes you a warrior mom.


So let let me ask you one last question and thank, thank you for this. Of course. God bless you. I agree with that. How do you think this ends, this period, this season? And are you hopeful? I'm hopeful because because of you, you, you. And I'm hopeful because I believe God is here. He's he's here. And I, I believe that this country wants to heal right now more than anything.


And I believe that we can unite. I believe also that Donald Trump minus some of his imperfections is a guy who wants to take us along with him. Nicole Shanahan. Ladies and gentlemen. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you all. Thank you. Amazing.


That really is, the beauty of this moment is being shocked by how much you have in common with people you didn't think you had anything in common with at all. Awesome. It was awesome. It was awesome. And it's happening all around us where people are deciding, you know, this is fake. Those categories are fake. I'm gonna tell the truth no matter what. And when you start people seeing people doing that, ah, it just, it gives you heart and hope. So with that in mind, I want to introduce our second guest of the evening who is someone who I've known for several years who I think is one of the most impressive voices in the conversation. One of the smartest, one of the toughest, one of the most interesting, one of the most original thinkers.


A totally fearless person who if you live in Texas, because he lives in this state, he's very local, but I also think he is national. You're familiar with him? And that is Jesse Kelly, my friend who joins us now. Ladies to tell. Oh, I'm so glad you're here. Thank you for having me in your state. Oh, I'm glad you get to have me. I have very embarrassing European style slippers on, and you're wearing ostrich skin boots.


And I've never felt more emasculated than I do now, but I'm gonna push, I'm gonna push through it, I'm gonna push through it all my cousins are wearing those boots and one of 'em just said to me, do you have any boots? Yeah, but I'm on the road, so I'm wearing my little slippers. Anyway, thank you so much. So No, listen, I, I need to explain before we get into it, I, I don't know how to dress myself. I can't, I, I know fashion makes sense to some people. It does not make sense to me. Yes. They tell me I'm supposed to match. I walk out in something that's matching and my wife says, is that what you're wearing?


Are you planning on wearing that? And I'm like, they're both blue, right? So she decided to simplify things for me and buy me one nice pair of boots. It's the only nice pair I own. And now whenever I'm coming to do something like talk to Tucker Carlson and all these people I put on my freaking boots. Well, I think you're crushing it. I would never know you got dressed in the dark. We have a very sensible wife. So where do you think we are right now since you, you've got a daily show, you follow the stuff day debt. Where are we right now in the presidential race, would you say? What's the truth of it? Well, the truth of it is that they tried to murder Donald Trump twice because they think he's winning. They, they wouldn't do that if they thought he was losing Such a good point.


What What we have in this country right now is it's something I call the system that, that's just my, like, I'm an idiot. That's the word I came up with for it. People call it the regime, you call it whatever you want. But what we have is nations are built on their institutions. Right? And your, your immediate institution, your religious institutions, your government institutions, these are the institutions that determine the direction of your country. And if your institutions are good, your country will be good because the institutions produce other people. It's not about one person. Our institutions have been poisoned, poisoned for decades by communist filth. And now they've taken over all the institutions.


Well, I liked your use of the phrase communist filth. It, it doesn't leave much to the imagination. Well, that's what these people are. That's agreed. That's what these people are, that they are vile, they are evil, they are demonic. And you know, before I even continue with my institution thing, I just wanna make sure you understand something. You are the good guy. They are the bad guys. You are standing for things. Look, look behind you right now. And God is there, family is there. We are fighting against demons and therefore we will fight like we have to win because they cannot win. They cannot ever be allowed to win. Be clear about that.


So, so once the institutions got completely taken over by communist filth because we ran God out of the country and then we allowed these people to educate our children, we very naively sent children off to government schools for years thinking they were learning their ABCs, when really they were learning to hate America. America sucks. It's evil. You send your kid to kindergarten. Now he comes home and talks about how we genocided the Native Americans, but it's crazy. So we've managed to poison all of these institutions and now we have a criminal enterprise running the country. Our government is a criminal enterprise. It is. And criminal enterprises do what to protect themselves. Everyone has watched a movie or read a book about a criminal organization, the mafia.


What do they do when there's a threat? They kill. Corrupt systems. Kill. They tried to blow Donald Trump's head off twice because he threatens that. And all of us threatened that. That's why they sent the FBI after school board moms. That's why they ran all the people out of the military who didn't want to get vaccinated. The system is afraid. And, they lash out, And, they kill when they're afraid. What's what? What's in what? What gives me hope is the fear. And not because I'm for fear, I'm totally opposed to fear, but, but fear suggests they know that they're losing. And there's not actually popular consent for this stuff.


I mean, I just, I honestly don't think, maybe I'm deluding myself that most Americans want what they're getting. Do you think? I think it depends on how we classify most Americans. Are we talking about people who simply reside here or new ones that they've imported into the country? Because that's an important part. I wasn't trying to be glib. That's an important part. And it's an important reason why the federal government has taken your money out of every single paycheck. And. they have flown and bust in foreigners into your country. They pay for their housing while you can't afford houses. They pay for their eggs while you can't afford eggs. They take over your job at the factory for a fraction for pennies on the dollar you were working for.


And then they will run ads on television telling you these people are so much more hardworking than the dirtball Americans we just fired. This is the greatest thing in the world. The propaganda would not be so heavy if they were comfortable in their position of power. The people think that these people are all powerful right now. They're the furthest thing from it. Otherwise, they wouldn't still be lying. They would just be showing up at your house in the middle of the night to shoot you in the face like they did in the Soviet Union. They know they have to lie about every single thing and they're not even good at it. If you wanna feel really great about something, we're up against a bunch of tubby losers without girlfriends winner. It's not like we're facing warriors here. We're the warriors here.


The most interesting and newsworthy television show of the year is coming here to TCN. We are not bragging. That's actually true. The president's been shy. I repeat. The president's been Shy. So, our longtime producer, Justin Wells and a team have been embedded with no publicity at all with Donald Trump on the campaign trail for months. They're the only crew capturing what is going on on the campaign in real time intimately. They're with Trump as he campaigns for the presidency across the country. And they've shot some amazing footage. It shows you what it's really like in there. So if you're a member, you'll soon be able to get this docuseries covering the historic campaign. The Fall of Joe Biden Never before is seen footage from the assassination attempt at the Butler Township Pennsylvania Trump rally.


and a lot more, it's gonna pull back the curtain completely. They are embedded inside the campaign. I can't wait to see it personally, but to get it first, go to Tucker Carlson dot com. Become a member, the greatest television event of the year. We're proud to offer it


Behind the delivery trucks that keep your life stocked. Thousands of employees at BP go to work every day. People bringing a new offshore production platform online. People making our refineries capable of more like making renewable diesel from agricultural waste people trading and shipping fuels to our customers and people helping truckers fill up and get maintenance at our convenient locations. They're part of the more than 300,000 jobs BP supports across the country. Learn more at vp.com/investing. In America.


Prime Big Deal days is coming October 8th and ninth with exclusive savings just for prime members. Woo-hoo. Involuntary deal Squeals can happen. Like the deal on new running shoes. Squeal Hoo The deal on a new blender squeal. Yeah. Or the infamous deal on a new massage or squeal. Yeah. Save big on electronics fashion and more this prime big deal days. October 8th and ninth.


Do you have I think that's right. I think that's why they're trying to take your guns. There's a video that came out of Kamala Harris today from some years ago in California. She's staying right next to Gavin Newsom. I use the word Gavin Newsom as if he's a human being that has not been verified, but whatever the kind of, you know, AI bot who's the governor of California, but she's staying there. And she said, you know, just because you have a gun legally, and I think I'm quoting in the sanctity of your own home, doesn't mean we can't come in when we want to, to check to see if you're using it the way we want you to. So that of course is like a violation of the Bill of Rights.


That's tier, that's the definition of tyranny. And I gotta think they're so fixated on the gun question, not because they're against violence. They created violence in all of our cities, including your cities here in Texas. But because they don't trust the population, I mean, is there any other explanation? No, they, they wanna take your guns because they wanna murder you. Like every evil government in the history of mankind. And, and people can say that, that's crazy. Open up a freaking history book. Governments, they'll disarm you and then they'll murder you. They'll disarm you and then they'll murder you. And if you think that these, Wait, wait a second. That's not on Wikipedia. That is not on Wikipedia. That's not what I read at all. I thought they were disarming you because you might hurt yourself.


Yeah. Yeah. It's, and you know, this is, this is where You can think. If you, if you're speaking to a normal person, like somebody who's not politically involved, they want the kids school, watch a game on Sunday, and you start talking like this, they might look at you crazy or think that you're a wing nut. Because when they look at Kamala Harris or Christopher Ray or Mary Garland with his weird voice, why does he talk like that? And And, they think to themselves, well, he doesn't look like Stalin. He doesn't look like Mao. He doesn't, I'm here to tell you something right now. These people are so sick that kids will be dead in a school and without an ounce of shame, they will stand on the bodies of dead children before the shooter is even dead to take your guns.


And it's not because they've shed a single tear for a dead child in this country. It's because the dirty demons who want to hurt you, lay awake at night dreaming about it, And, they are so mad that they can't because we are the most armed freaking people on the planet. We have the guns, we have the ammo. And that's why the matter, I do think, I think you're onto something that they kind of figured out. I mean, they're not stupid. I will say that And, they kind of figured out that you can't give the game away, really, you know, in an obvious way. You can't just show up in some Latin American military uniform and say it's a junta Nao Bay.


So you trot out this kind of drooling figure like Joe Biden to tell you, you know, it's just grandpa. You know, there's a lot of jello, we and misremembering, but it's not dangerous. And that worked for a while. And then he disappeared, which raises the obvious, like, where is he? Is he still president? Well, he never was president. I mean, we all know that. And we never, he never was. The, the country's run by by people like Susan Rice. It's run by all these viole, little commies behind the scenes who they, they grew up worshiping Mao. We've, we've heard all Elisa Monaco, all the people, the all, all the Obama roster. Joe Biden was never there.


He would never make a single decision. He was never allowed to make a single decision. His gift was the presidency. He gets a presidential library. Dr. Jill can make half a million a speech on the lecture circuit once they cart pour Joe after the nursing home. And that's the only reason. He was never there at all. But, and you're right about when they talk about guns, and that's why they trot out Poor Joe. And his favorite line is, well, while I was out hunting and you don't need a 30 round magazine to kill deer. Well, the second Amendment wasn't to kill deer. It was to kill tyrants. It wasn't even to kill Rob. It was to kill times. Well, then that, I mean, you're sort of getting it. And I didn't even wanna bring this up because I, I find it so chilling, bone chilling, actually.


But the most interesting fact from the debate was Kamala Harris submitting She has a gun and I'm his for Second Amendment rights as anybody. I mean, I'm, you know, more than anyone I know actually, maybe other than you, but I don't think Kamala Harris should have a gun. I mean, that's why does Kamala Harris have a gun? Where did she get the gun? What kind of gun is it? What's the point of having the gun? And why is no one in the media asked? Do you know the answers to any of those questions? Could you even imagine going to the range with that moron and putting a loaded gun in her hand? You know, she'd be the one that turns around from the firing light. It's jam. You know, You can see her doing it already off the bat that you know, that she'd be that one.


She'd be the one. But was It a straw purchase? I mean, who gave Kamala Harris a gun? Well, look, these, these commies are always trying. You, you see it with every Democrat who talks today. They're always trying to straddle this line, which is really Kamala Harris' specialty, given her beginning. But you do. She's what? What, What? So The, I'm so pure, I didn't get your joke. So there, there, when you're an American Democrat, now this doesn't apply to older Democrats at all. Like, oh, this is not the 1960s.


If you're a democrat today, a a Democrat politician, you're a communist and you're trying to walk, you're constantly trying to straddle this line where you're trying not to freak out. The older, you know, older union Democrat guy, maybe he's a firefighter forever fought for this country, doesn't really like Republicans, but loves America, right? 4th of July, he's out there hand over his heart, land of the free, he loves that. You still need him to vote for you. But at the same time, you understand you've got a bunch of Trash And that's your base, that's your voting base. That's the Black Lives Matter. Planned Parenthood, the L-G-B-T-Q, rainbow Demon Mob. All you pick, pick your one.


You have to let those people know you are gonna burn down America the way you, the way they want to. Hey, vote for me, vote for Kamala, I'm gonna burn down America. But, but, but I can't really say it like that. So you have to try to give a little pat on the head to the 65-year-old Democrat who still loves the country. Yeah, I'm gonna burn down America, but hey, I own a gun. Hey, don't worry not yours. And that's every time they talk, now that I said it, you'll see it Every time they talk, they're constantly walking this tightrope trying to signal to their base, yeah, I Hate this Place like you do, screw this country. At the same time, don't freak out, ma pa, democrat. That's all they're used to doing. If I take it too far, then, then, then the, then they'll catch on to the game that the Democrat party changed completely.


So I'm, I'm sitting listening to this and I'm, and literally my first thought was, if Texas ever goes blue, you're going to jail, man, you're on the list. Yeah, well he's definitely gonna jail if Texas goes blue. And it would be a shame, it would be one of the great shames in American history, because this is above all, in addition to being prosperous and beautiful. It's a really nice state. It's just nice. And when you, when you come here, you really notice it. If you come from other places, just the kindness that Texans show each other is amazing to watch. And you'd hate that to be lost. And it would be lost, I think, as it has been in the state that I grew up in, which is a state of people who are really suspicious of each other and mad at each other.


And I wouldn't want that for you at all. I mean it, so do you think that this state is moving toward control of the Democratic party? It will, it will be up to the people of the state. And I know that sounds like the most cliche answer In the world. It does. Yeah, for sure. But I, I know, know, I know that was a walking cliche, so allow me to explain, lemme explain what we have right now. We, we already talked about the people who run things, but what we have on the other side is what I like to call the low TGOP, the Republicans, they're useless. They don't stand up for you ever. They always pretend like they're going to And. they don't, well, we can't, we gotta wait until the next election. And well, you're clapping, but you're not gonna like this next part.


You know whose fault that is our fault. It's our fault. And I point fingers at myself too. You mentioned the state of Texas here. This state should already, already, right now, they should already be reorienting the state police Texas Rangers to stand as a bulwark between Texans and the federal government. That is evil. They already should be doing that. But instead we have John freaking corny as a senator. And, and, and this is what I mean, we need, and this is, and the the sad part is this isn't gonna be applicable to any one of the thousands of people who showed up to watch Tucker Carlson tonight.


but we have a primary voter problem because the Reds states they are sending the most putrid losers to Washington DC John Thune, John Cornyn, Mitch McConnell, what is that? James Langford naked Ken Doll Langford out of Oklahoma. These people are from our Red estate. Wait, what did you call him naked? Ken Doll. Have you ever seen a naked ken doll? There's no, there's no nothing there, you know, So no, I, I'm not bragging. I've never taken off Ken's pants, but it's just, Well, believe me, that's what you're gonna find if you ever dis James. I, but, but the point is, I'm stealing that. The point is, we do, we have this red state and because it is red, look, I moved here on purpose.


My wife and I, we had two kids. I moved here without a job because I love Texas people so much. 'cause that's what's what we do. But, but that niceness can also burn us as well, because you move to a safe place. I'm in a neighborhood without crime. I'm in a state that's Republican. I, I have this, I have that. And you think to yourself, we're fine. We're not fine. The demons come for what is good, what is good. It's not an accident. If you've ever sat at home and you watched any of this child tranny stuff or anything like that before, and if you ever said something to yourself like, why the kids? Why can't they just leave the kids alone? People love saying that on the right. I don't understand why they can't leave the kids alone.


The kids are where they went first because the kids are the most good because the kids are the most innocent. They're not gonna come after me. I'm a horrible human being. The kids are the most innocent. And so that's why they went after them. Whatever is good, whatever is right, that's what the devil goes after first. And if you think, if you think your state of Texas is safe, it's the most unsafe because these people look at you and your family and your values and your guns, and it's a reminder of everything they're not. And it's a reminder of everything that can stop them. So we're not safe and we have to start getting more involved locally and in primaries. It is a disgrace that John Cornyn is a senator from this state that should never happen again.


Disgrace. Wow. That is a really deep analysis. It's, it's the purity, it's the desire to defile purity that drives them. Anything that is beautiful, anything that is sully, anything that is sincere, they hate. And I have to say it's true. You really notice it. And you know, with, with art and architects, why they destroy nature. You know, it's why they put up wind farms on top of mountains, you know. But Texas does seem, I'm just being totally honest, the single most left wing, truly left wing member of Congress I've ever met personally is a Republican from this area who has no interest in the United States whatsoever and does not even pretend.


I'm not gonna name names. Oh, I think that's right. Yeah. It's Dan Crenshaw, the most liberal, most left wing person I've ever met in the Congress. I'm just being serious. I don't, I I mean structurally, how does that happen? Well, it happens because we don't go beyond as well. This is not gonna apply to the people in the room. 'cause you're the hyper informed. You don't understand how much more informed you are than your neighbor that you didn't invite tonight. I I really mean that. Your brother, your mom, yes. They're Republican. They're voting Republican. They probably have a MAGA hat on. Go Trump. What? Ask them, ask them when the last time they voted in a school board election was ask them if they even voted in a primary election.


We don't do it because we're in a safe, comfortable place. And so, and this happens everywhere. It happens in Wyoming. It's like the reddest state in the union. It's not unique to Texas. These rep, if you are a scumbag communist and you want to get elected in a place like Wyoming, you can't run as a Democrat. You can't run as a hard lefty. You throw on some cowboy boots and you, you buy a shotgun and go out there and take a picture shooting it some pheasants. And you learn how to speak the lingo a little bit. Watch a little bit of Tucker Carlson. Now you know what, what to say, how to deceive. Exactly. And you find yourself in a position of power knee capping people on the right time, after time after time. Our controlled opposition problem is so bad.


And that's why we always feel like we're playing tug of war with Whoopi Goldberg. It just doesn't feel like You can win. It's, it's so true. Wyoming is the most Republican state in the United States, with the exception of Teton County. Every county is Republican And. they elected Liz Cheney, who just endorsed Kamala Harris. Time and time again. I, I noticed something today that I wanted to ask you about. So there's this new list that Democrats are bragging about of Republican national security officials that have endorsed Kamala Harris. And on the list, or you know, it's all Bush Cheney people.


It's all the architects of the Iraq War. But on the list is the, is the chairman of the nine 11 commission who's responsible for the 9 11 11 report and who's now at University of Virginia as a professor, but really a guy who I think probably should answer some questions. And you wonder how much of the resistance to Trump who's not like a, he's pretty moderate guy actually, but in Washington he's hated more than anyone's ever been hated. And I always have wondered how much of that hatred stems from fear that he might declassify documents that implicate the crimes of the most corrupt city in the hemisphere, which is, is DC Do you think that's a driving motivating force?


I actually think you nailed it completely. I I, and I think it ties directly to foreign policy, actually Trump's foreign policy because for the longest time, Democrats and Republicans for most of my life have really had pretty much the same foreign policy. It's, it's really a worship of the state. It's what it's always been. Ours has looked different than theirs. But you know, we always trusted the F-B-I-I-I wanted to work for the FBI when I was a kid. Oh my gosh, the FBI, I didn't know it was the stai or at least it was turning that way. I had no idea. We had no idea about these things. And Trump comes in and like you mentioned, he's not some hardcore, right? He's a fairly moderate guy when you look at his views. But he has a very different view on foreign policy.


And so when you think about foreign policy, think about, look, we can just make it about Ukraine. It doesn't really matter what you think about that. The amount of money, taxpayer money, it goes from the taxpayer. It goes into the government. The government writes gigantic checks of your money to the defense contractors. The defense contractors get paid hugely to continue that war without end. The defense contractors also take that very same money and hand it right back to the politician who stole it from you. And now all this su seems to be working in a great cycle. And now when you tie in the finance giants who they've already promised big fat taxpayer funded checks to rebuild, of course when the whole thing's done, what you finally wake up and figure out is the evil demons who run the country, look at all of us like just one big tax farm so they can stay in power so they can have their state dinners.


So all this stuff can work out. And that did that Bush Cheney wing. They were the freaking worst about all that stuff. They were awful about all that. And it, and Trump challenging that. I will, I will always believe Trump challenging that is the reason they're trying to murder him so bad because that is the most money you follow the money there, there's your answer. I think you've gotta be right. By the way you served in the Marine Corps during that period, you did the the patriotic thing. Now they hate you. But it's just, it doesn't make any sense otherwise. Because here you have Dick Cheney and Philip Zow, the guy who ran the nine 11 commission endorsing the administration that armed the Taliban.


So like that doesn't make any sense. If you were the leader of the war on terror as Cheney was or Philip Ekow was, or Bob Zeek was, you hate the Taliban. That's what you told us. How could you possibly endorse the Biden Harris administration, which just armed the Taliban. It's not the best armed army in the region thanks to the Biden Harris administration, which you're now for. So it actually wasn't about fighting a global war on terror, obviously it's about keeping your crimes hidden and you're worried that if Trump gets elected, he might just be crazy enough to declassify the documents that show what you've been doing for the last 25 years.


I don't see any other explanation. I I agree with you standing up at your That is right. No, I look what what we're missing and this, this happens to so many countries. Sorry Tucker, I'm gonna filibuster for a second. Take your time Dude. Go crazy. So what we're ha what's happening in this country right now is what's happened to almost every single country in, in the history of the world where you get far enough away from your founding, the people who lead the country will lose a sense of duty to the country. And it just becomes about them. Look, I could point to America's history, the battle of cane.


Anyone, any historians here, the second Punic war Hannibal, you've heard of him. He fights the Romans. He ends up wiping out a Roman army. A fascinating story about the Roman Army Hannibal wipes out in Italy is he takes out a huge chunk of the Roman Senate. Wait a minute, senators on the battlefield dying beside the peasants. Yes. That's how nations are supposed to operate because the elite don't live on private jets. And in steak houses, if there was a war to be fought, you pick up your sword and you go die right next to the construction worker. That's how it's supposed to work. But if you look at that towards the end of Rome and where we are now, our leaders never go die.


And their kids never go die. You mentioned Republican Second, you were in the Marine Corps enlisted during the war on terror was Liz Cheney with You? You know, I not only didn't see Liz Cheney with me, I didn't happen to see MIT Romney or anyone of his 57 kids admit Romney to this day once to, it wants to invade every single place on the planet. And again, I'm fine with differences on foreign policy, but I know what it's like to sit there and watch some kid hug his dad on the tarmac and say, daddy don't go, daddy don't go. And to know that these scumbags in DC constantly send our guys, our men and women to go do this without An Ounce of duty to send themselves or their kids along makes me freaking sick.


And it's, it's, it's because It's because they don't have a sense of duty. We have gotten so far from where we are our leaders now. They're just a bunch of bank robbers, looting the treasury instead of people who see themselves as what they should see themselves are as the knights protecting Western civilization. That's why they've sent the FBI after so many American citizens, they've slowly turned their guns inward. 'cause now when these people wake up in the morning and when they go to sleep at night, they think the enemy is you. They don't stress about China, they don't stress about Russia, they don't stress about terror.


They certainly don't stress about the newest rapist, dirt ball that they hauled into this country across the border. They don't care about your cat that got eaten in Ohio. They don't care about any of that stuff. They wake up And, they think about you, you with your rights and you want your freedom of speech and you probably love guns too. And you're probably gonna hold them to account if they continue to take a steaming dump on the country. That's why they flooded this country with illegals. And that's why they sent the FBI after school board mobs. So, So Just, just To be clear, like for the record, 'cause I don't think I was joking before, I don't think Wikipedia is the final word on history. I just don't think that your cat really dig it eat in Ohio.


Didn't he? Like that is real, isn't it? Well, Tucker, look, I'm an American and I don't own a cat. Alright? I own a dog. Okay. What? What? No, no, I would, I would never own a cat. You see, if you're wondering why I'm so such a messed up human being, I have a lot of unrecognized child trauma that involved my cat getting run over by a school bus in front of me. It just right there in front of me. And after that, my dad wasn't that nice about it and I decided I didn't want any more cats anymore. Fair? Fair. But getting run over by a school bus is qualitatively different than being eaten by an illegal alien. I do think that both traumatic, one more traumatic than the other.


I guess It all depends on which party's eaten. Yeah, Good point. So we began the evening. I did it on purpose because I feel so overwhelmed with sadness by everything that's happening to the country that we love and we're born in and country. Our ancestors built over many years with great effort and determination and foresight, planting trees they would never see grow, you know, doing things that they would never benefit from And. they knew they would never benefit from 'em, but they knew that their grandchildren would And, they did them. And that's the most virtuous kind of behavior in my opinion. So it's so sad to watch all this. And so I wanted to start on a note of hope, which I think is real actually.


Do you feel any hope? And if so, why? Oh, we're gonna win. We're gonna win. I know that you're afraid. I, I get afraid. I know you're sad. I'm sad. I, I love this place, right? I would die for it. It hurts watching these people tear it up. I know it hurts, but I'm here to tell you something. They're more afraid than you are. They're afraid. We're going to wake up, they're afraid we're going to get involved.


They're afraid. We're gonna go to their little fiefdoms of power at the local library or Congress or the school board, wherever it is, and take their power away from them. They're afraid of you speaking the way you wanna speak on social media. They're afraid of the fact that your guns, the demons, are more afraid of you than you are of them. The darkness is afraid of the light. The light does not fear the darkness. And, they should be afraid. I wanna make sure I'm very crystal clear about that. And You can clip it all day long. You call me scumbags, come knock on my freaking door.


They, they should be afraid because as I mentioned in the beginning, they are wrong. They are evil. The what they want is awful For this country, what you want is wonderful and good. We want a country surrounded by family and community, a country led by God and decent people. We want to be led by people who are better than what we have now. And if we stand up and I see it happening everywhere we can have that, it is time to stop being afraid like you are and like I am. And it is time to start making them afraid. Good guys, don't get afraid. They need to be ones that were afraid of us.


And we can do that. There's a new sheriff in town, ladies And gentlemen, Jesse Kelly. Thank you. The big tech companies sensor our content. I hate to tell you that it's still going on in 2024. But you know what? They can't censor live events. And that's why we are hitting the road on a fall tour for the entire month of September coast to coast. We'll be in cities across the United States. We'll be in Grand Rapids with Kid Rock, Hershe, Pennsylvania with JD Vance Reding, Pennsylvania, with Alex Jones, Fort Worth, Texas with Roseanne Barr Greenville, South Carolina, with Marjorie Taylor Green Sunrise, Florida with John Rich Jacksonville, Florida with Donald Trump Jr.


You can get tickets at Tucker Carlson dot com. Hope to see you there. Thanks for listening. The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made. The complete library, Tucker Carlson dot com.