
America, it's time for a redecoration of independence. We're amid a hostile takeover. The globalists and their political henchmen are seeking control of you and America. A group of patriots inspired by Tucker Carlson's famous call to bravery have written a redecoration of independence, demanding that our representatives go to Washington and begin dismantling the Washington political empire. Go to redecoration.org. That's redecoration.org. Read, sign and Forward. Red Declare Your Independence today. Weren't you surprised that Jim Gaffigan going after the Democrats at the L Smith dinner? 'cause he's got Trump Derangement syndrome and I couldn't believe the shit he was saying.


Really? You remember, did you remember the jokes he did? He goes, the, the media and the Democrats say that demo democracy's on the ballot, And, they have to protect it. And, they had to protect it so much they did a coup. And I was like, fucking Jim Gaffigan. And he's not for Trump. I have no Question. No. He's trumped arrangements. In fact, I used to, you know, kind of sub I, so I know him and he never would talk about politics. 'cause he wants to have the biggest audience and then, but Trump, he can't, I can't hold, bite my tongue. I've gotta say something, you know, and I was like, you know, the time to say something was when Barack Obama was ruling as a NeoCon, a tool of Wall Street.


And, and, and that's what made workers desperate enough to vote for Donald Trump. That's when you should have said something when the Democratic party stopped being Democrats. And, but now you're gonna say something, you're, you're, you're upset at the, at the symptom instead of the disease At the result of what you allowed. Yes. Welcome to The Tucker Carlson show. We bring you stories that have not been showcased anywhere else. And they're not censored, of course, because we're not gatekeepers. We are honest brokers here to tell you what we think you need to know and do it honestly.


Check out all of our content at Tucker Carlson dot com. Here's the episode. So that was actually something I thought a lot about last night at the fascist rally that I spoke at. It was so huge. And I know, you know, Trump is always talking about his crowd size and you know, there's debate about it. But last night there was no debate. I mean, it was in, it was crazy. It just, Midtown was just like a mass of people. Yeah. It was like Times Square on New Year's evens. Yeah, I was there. It, I was in, I was in Manhattan yesterday. I saw it. Yeah. I was on my way to a, some kind of peace rally or something in, in the Valley hosted by Scott Ritter. Oh. Judge Napolitano was there. And, oh, I Love Judge Napolitano.


So the crowd was just so overwhelming yesterday that I did ask myself like, I think Trump's gonna win just objectively. I want him to win, but, but I think he's gonna win. But then I thought if I were the Democrats, I would, I would pause and ask like, what is this? It's not just that, you know, half the country's evil. Maybe there's more to it. Does anyone ever stop? I mean, I try and understand why do people love Obama? Why do they love Biden? I mean, I do try to wonder. I mean, I think you should. They're Americans, right? I understand why people liked Obama. Me too. Or loved him. Me too. He made, I agree. He made me feel good when he spoke. of course, you know, Even, those, I was aware of the things he was doing when he gave his speech. I'm like, I feel a little bit better.


You know, he was really good Percent. A hundred percent. And every American's like, you know, slavery really was bad. And you know, there are the disparities between black and white in here. Like, all these white people voted for a black president. Maybe we're gonna move beyond that. I mean, we could stop talking about race and start talking about economics. That's what I that okay, that's what I thought. Just personally, not that I'm a race guild guy, I am not, but I would like to have a conversation about something real like economics and war. That's exactly where I'm at. And that's, so I had this guy on, on Michael PTIs son, Christian Perente. He wrote this paper recently, and it was about the birth of wokeness. Like pe some people think, you know, it started, you know, five minutes ago, some people think it started 20 years ago. He said it started after World War ii and was the conflation or the coming together of the NGOs, like the Rockefeller Foundation, right.


The Ford Foundation with the intelligence community. And what they did. Like they didn't have a problem when Martin Luther King wanted to integrate lunch counters because that didn't cost him anything, you know? But when he shifted against the Vietnam War, right. And then he did a poor people's march Exactly. On Washington DC He didn't do a black people's march. Right. He did a poor people's march. And that's, and of course, you know, they killed him when he was supporting a, a sanitation strike. Right. So it was the economics. And so they, they, they'd spend the, the goal of the, the NGOs and the, the intelligence community to decouple social movements from the class analysis and the class and the economics and just push it all into culture.


And that's been forever. And I'm like, you know, I mean, they, they, they, they, they just like anti-war in the sixties. They used to be regular people buttoned down. Right. And then all of a sudden it was all hippies and the smelly people and but we're Charles Manson. That's right. Yeah. And so that's, I mean, that's not so, and now it's led up to this, and I've, I sniffed this out about the trans issue, right? 'cause everybody was on board with ga gay rights, everybody. Right. You know, they went in the nineties, they used to be second class citizens and now they're not. Right. Right. And but so then they had to, and, and I saw that the, the head of that fink, the head of BlackRock, right? Larry Fink.


Yeah. Larry Fink. I saw 'em giving this spam. I'm like, oh, that's what this is. He was, Larry Fink is a trans rights activist now. Oh, They all those, I'm like, this son of a bitch is So he's out there raping the planet Yes. And screwing over workers. True. And the middle class a hundred percent. And, and so he gets to wrap himself in this patina of virtue by saying, I'm for trans rights. And we have to force it down people's throat. I mean, basically I'm paraphrasing, but that's basically what he said. And that's when I knew what was happening. Because this is not a grassroots, this is didn't come from the grassroots up. And this is something that even turns the l the the gay community against each other. of course. So this is all about divide and conquer. And it's been about, so that's what's, that's what wokeness is about.


It's about divide and conquer. And it's not, didn't just start, it's been going on since World War ii. And they, last thing they want you to d do is have a class analysis. And that's what, so why is it the people who voted for Bernie Sanders then voted for Donald Trump? Right. There's a class analysis that would go along with that. Michael Moore of all people in 2016, I don't know if you ever saw there's a video Yeah. Of him giving that speech about why do you think these people aren't all racist? These people are, these are people who voted for Barack Obama twice. These are people who voted for Bernie Sanders. Why are they attracted to Donald Trump? Because he stood there and said, if you ship their jobs to Mexico, I'm gonna put a tariff on you and you're not gonna be able to sell a car.


And that no other politician would say something like, this is Michael Moore giving that analysis. Right. And so you haven't heard him say that stuff since because he got spanked. Right. Okay. So there's so many threads here, and I want to get to that. 'cause I'm fascinated by a OC, same thing. And a couple and a couple of others who should be, I don't know Trump supporters necessarily, but they should be making common cause with Trump on, on the promise of a fair economic system. And they're not. And why? But lemme just get back to your great point. That this, that wokeness was used as a tool by the people making the most money going back 80 years. Yes. So this is why Malcolm X had a short lifespan, right?


That's right. Right, exactly. Right. So, if you actually listen to Malcolm X speeches, well, they're not about race. So, Well, he went and had an awakening. Exactly. He had an awakening like, oh, there's, there's white Muslims. Exactly. And he realized that that wasn't the game. And as soon as that happened, he had a short life. And so same thing when Martin Luther King decided it was about class and not about race. And no, they want it to be about race. And so you've seen the studies, I'm sure that, you know, after Occupy Wall Street, so you had the, the, the Tea Party, right? Yeah. They were upset about what happened during the economic crash and Wall Street and the government bailing them out and kicking, kicking people out of their houses and making sure the boat, you know, the way I said it was Barack Obama made sure the bankers got his, their, their bonuses while he kicked 5.1 million families out of their homes.


Not people, five more, 1 million families. And then you find out that he got more money from Wall Street than John McCain did. And you find out that, did I really? Yes. And that every, there was a email from Wall Street, from Citigroup to the Barack Obama campaign with a list of people they wanted in his ca in his cabinet. Every person on that list ended up in his cabinet. And the reason I know that, because that got released by WikiLeaks, and that's why they've been trying to kill Julian Assange ever since. And so they all are working. He, you know, he wasn't a departure from George W. Bush, Barack Obama No. Just his skin color. He took us from two wars to seven. He was, he gave us a right wing healthcare plan, which was, came out of the Heritage Foundation, which is the same people I gave you.


Project 2025. And, you know, he gave us MIT Romney's healthcare plan. So, and he deported all those, it, it's, he dropped more bombs than George Bush and nobody noticed. And that's why they wanted to have Kamala Harris. That was their first choice. This, the donor class was Kamala Harris was their, they thought we'd have a female Barack Obama. And that's a good face for imperialism, right. Because we have a black woman bombing and stealing resources and doing neoliberal and NeoCon policies. That's perfect. And that you couldn't get a vote. So then they had to go to their second most reliable person, which was Joe Biden. That's exactly how it worked. I don't know if you remember, but they coordinated her on Martha's Vineyard.


She's gonna be our candidate. And. they thought they had the black Barack Obama, but she couldn't get a vote. She has no political talent. Right. And so then they forced her on Joe Biden as the vice president. And then of course they did a coup, just like Jim Gaffigan said at the L Smith dinner. They had the, they had the, the debates way earlier than they normally would. So they would give them enough time to install Kamala Harris. And that's exactly what happened. So I don't know how I got off on this tangent, but Yes. That's, and that's the, oh, we know that. After Wall Street, after Occupy Wall Street and the Tea Party, then the major newspapers, the mentions of racism and white supremacy. Exactly. People thought, people have studied this. I, I'm not making this up.


I'm just quoting studies and went through the roof. And why is that? That's because as Chomsky taught us, that newspapers aren't there to inform you. They're to manufacture consent. And one of the great ways to manufacture consent for the establishment is to divide and conquer. It's been there ever since World War ii. It's been divide and conquer. And that's exactly what they did. So they got everybody hyper ident. So that's what identity politics is, and it's got everybody who you identify with, your skin color, you ident. It's the opposite of Martin Luther King. It's the opposite of judge someone by the content of their character. Exactly. Et cetera. And so now everybody's identified with their gender, or their sexual preference, or their skin color, or their ethnicity, And, they got us all siloed off and split up.


But what we need to do is what Christian Smalls did on Staten Island when he started the first LA Labor Union to, for Amazon. Right. So here's a black guy on Staten Island, and what is he doing? He's organizing a bunch of Trump voters to go against Jeff Bezos and the machine. And he won. Right. And he didn't do that by saying, Hey, who, here's a gun nut. All right, you are out. Who here supports the trans? You don't, you're out. Okay. Who here? No. That's not how you organize. Right. Who's left? Okay, now I'm gonna organize with the rest of you. That's not how it works. You go, we have an economic interest. We share a common economic interest, and we share a common enemy. And that enemy is Jeff Bezos and the establishment, who's with me, And, they were with them.


And you know, if the, I, the funny thing is, when you win a, when you win a union like that, or you win economic gains for everybody, the people who disproportionately are benefited are the, are the people of color. Oh right. Are the, you know, if you give black people have more medical debt per capita than white people. If you give everybody healthcare, that's gonna help them more. Right. So you give everybody healthcare, it helps the trans community you get. So that's the, you give everybody a living wage, a strong union that helps everybody more. And the people who are more disproportionately helped are the people who You can normally consider the most vulnerable in your society. So that's the irony. But they want us fighting over things that just help your little, your fight over trans rights, fight over reparations, fight over this instead of fight over something that helps everybody.


And that's what the, so that's what divide and conquer. So, and that's why we are where we are. Tucker. Well, It's such a smart analysis. And I just wanna say for the record, I agree with every single word that you said, but two th first it's just incredibly easy to divide People, you know, from outside it, it really is. Especially along the lines of immutable characteristics. 'cause they don't change. And so the conflicts tend to be irresolvable. I mean, You can go from a Bernie voter to a Trump voter to a, whatever's next voter. You can change your vote. You cannot change your skin color. And so once you create those divisions, like they're permanent and you wreck your society. But I just detect in your worldview something that you don't see very often, which is universalism your instinct or your sense of the world seems to be based on the idea that there are principles that apply to everyone regardless of what they look like.


And I thought that's, I mean, that's what Western civilization was based on. That's Christianity, by the way. But I don't see people approaching questions with that assumption as much anymore. No. Because they're propagandized to do the other. And you know, the American people, I've, I've said this, my friend Nick Cruz says this, Americans are the most propagandized people in the entire world. And. they don't have any idea that they are. Yes. You know, at least people in China know they're being propagandized. That's right. The people in the old Soviet Union knew it was propaganda. People in America turn on Anderson Cooper, turn on Rachel Maddow. Sean Hannity, they think they're getting the truth.


They really do. They think, you know, Hey, don't you think it's a little weird when Sean Hannity and Rachel Maddow are saying the exact same thing about Ukraine? Don't you think that's weird? Well, yes, in fact I did. It's funny you mentioned that. Yeah. And so, you know, I try to remind people that you know, that you got fired. Not because you were going along with the wars and, and telling the lies of the wars when you were going along with the Iraq war. They couldn't give you enough TV shows. Right. True. You were on CNN, you M-S-N-B-C, your number one guest was Rachel Maddow. Then you had the number one show on Fox. It was when you started to tell the truth. They don't fire you for lying about wars. They don't, they fire you for telling the truth about the wars.


And that's just the same reason why Julian Assan was in prison. He wasn't in prison because he lied about the war machine. He was in prison. 'cause he told the truth. And that's what people need to realize. And I try to, I ask people when I have these conversations with my old liberal friends from Hollywood, the ones who still talk to me and I'll say, is there anything you hear on cable news that you don't believe? Is there anything? And you know what? They never say anything back. They never say, well, I don't believe that. They never say anything. They just change the subject or move on to something else. You really think They're just accepting the whole sandwich? Yes. Just Swallowing without chewing. Just Yes. And that was the, you know, the beginning of the end for me was when I wouldn't go along with Hillary Clinton.


'cause I was a big, I've always been a liberal progressive and I supported Bernie Sanders. I thought we were really close to doing something at that convention in 2016. And Philadelphia, I was there and you walked into the convention hall and half the people in there wanted to overthrow the democratic establishment. Half the people there wanted to get corporate money out of politics. And, there was lots of friction. They were turning the lights out. They were using sound can, the whole, it was. And it really felt like we were about to do something. Right. And then I went to the last convention just this year in Chicago, and it was like a Stepford Wives convention. It was brainwashed brain dead go alongs.


Nobody had a, a thought in their head. No. There was, there's cheering on billionaires and cheering on the war machine. And it was growing from Ci director Billionaires on stage from, from, you know, Oprah talking about how she's a victim of sexism and racism. That was one of the funniest things. That's like Oprah, since I've been in college, she's been a highly touted celebrity with her own television show. There might have been a time in her life when she was discriminated against, but boy, she certainly made up for it. And for her to be the voice of that was really disgusting. And then you had, you know, Pritzker come on stage, I'm a real billionaire and people are chairman. Like, is this the Democratic party? The democratic party type.


And so that's what happened with Bill Clinton. How did they treat You, by the way, at the convention? I couldn't stay there long. I had a pass to be on the floor. It honestly, it depressed me to the point of almost tears. And I would go up to people, I would go up to delegates and I would say, does it bother you that the, the the party who's putting democracy on the ballot throughout 14 million ballots and installed Kamala Harris and to a person, they would all say there was a process. She followed the process. They didn't care. Nobody cared. They don't care anything. They didn't care that she didn't get a vote. They don't care that they threw out the guy who did get a vote. They don't care that they were lied to about his mental, his dementia for years.


They didn't mind. Nothing. Nothing And. they were all about, it was the only, it was And. they talk about abortion at the convention. Like it's a day. It's like, it's Christmas and you know, like, Hey, I'm, I, I always, you know, like Bill the old liberals, I always was like, you know, let's, let's make abortion safe, legal and rare. Right. And they're like, no, let's, let's cheer it on like it's Christmas. I'm like, that's weird. It's like cheering on amputation. Like, yay, you get to get your reputation. Yeah. I'm like, no, that's something that's if you have to have it, that's, it's, I'm glad it's available, but that's always a sad day. Anyways, so that's where, What is that about? I really noticed that, 'cause I've been covering this stuff since 92.


And Clinton, I mean, I've always been against abortion. I'm just gonna say that. Agree or disagree with me. But I, you know, I feel that way. But I remember Clinton really kind of going out of his way to be like this. It's a sad thing. And, but we think in these circumstances it should be legal. And I'm so struck by the change. What, what is that? Well, I had a conversation at the convention with someone who's, she's in this woman's rights organization. She was the head of it, and I don't wanna mention her name, but she, I was saying, well, I've always been pro-choice. I don't want a a g man in between doctor and a patient. Yeah. I want I'll, I trust women. I trust doctors to make that decision without a government stepping.


And she's like, well that's not good enough. You have to be pro-abortion. And I'm like, that just seems I'm, and I'm like, well what's your message to someone like me who's pro-choice but not pro-abortion? And she's like, well that's a longer conversation. I'm like, you don't have a, you don't have a message for me, Are you? She said, you have to be pro-abortion, Pro-abortion. I mean, it blew me away. And this is someone I like and respect and it's very funny and you know, all that stuff. But I, I didn't see it coming because I've been saying, 'cause during COVID they went from being pro-choice to pro-abortion. Which I noticed. Right? I know. 'cause it sounds so weird coming off your lips. I'm pro-abortion.


You're pro, no, you're supposed to be pro-choice. You're supposed to be bodily autonomy, which they don't say anymore because they were all for the mandated emergency medical treatment, which was Covid vaccines with no long-term studies. They were for making people take that And. so that's the exact opposite of bodily autonomy. Something that I've said my entire life. Everybody who will call themselves a liberal has said, well, they stopped saying that 'cause they're not for bodily autonomy, therefore the government being able to mandate an experimental medical treatment while they're lying to you about it. But they're, they're, they're pro-abortion. And I was so, I would say on my show that nobody's pro-abortion. And then I met someone at the convention who was, and I was just like, whoa.


It still kind of blows me away. Natural Disasters, wars, political conflicts, the recent threatened dock worker strikes at ports around the country. All of these are reminders that things that we take for granted in this country, like medicine, are all dependent on a long and fragile supply chain. If something happens to that supply chain, you and your family will not be able to get things that you need to live. So right now seems like a pretty good time to stock up on essentials for when the next unexpected disaster hits because it's coming. We know that, that's why we're partnering with J Medical, which can supply you and your family directly to your home with things you need. Quick, easy, affordable solutions for problems that require life-saving medication for ones in your family in the case of an emergency. So the jce case is a personalized emergency medication kit that contains essential antibiotics and medications to treat the most common and potentially deadly bacterial infections, for example. And then a whole host of add-on medicines from Ivermectin to EpiPens, depending on what you and your family may need. How hard is it to get this? Not hard. The process is quick and easy. You fill out an online form, you consult with their physician, and you receive your medications through a licensed pharmacy at a fraction of the regular price. It is all totally above board, completely legit. And in the case of a disruption to our supply chain, which again could very easily happen. It could mean the difference between surviving and not. So we recommend it. Go to jce.com. Use code Tucker at checkout for a discount on your order. That's jce JAS e.com promo code Tucker.


The price of ground beef has doubled in recent years and the average quality has gone down with beef imports hitting over 4 billion pounds just last year. Good ranchers.com is your solution. Stop paying more for less. Get the most out of every meal with 100% American meat delivered to your door with amazing steaks, chicken, pork, and wild caught seafood sourced exclusively from local US farms. You can enjoy America's best without the inflated price tag@goodranchers.com. Save $25 on any box right now with Code Tucker. Plus during Good Ranchers presidential sale, you get to pick a free cut of meat for the next four years. That's free. Salmon, bacon, chicken, breasts, or ground beef in every box until 28. Support American Farms, ranches and veterans with every purchase. $25 off and free meat for the next four years with Code Tucker at Good ranchers.com. American Meat delivered


Football Season is here and Prize Picks is The best place to get real money sports action while watching football season. Long Fantasy takes so much time, but Prize picks makes it simple. Just pick two or more players across any sport, pick more or less on their projection. And you could win up to 100 times your money on prize picks. You can still cash out even if the lineup isn't perfect. And all withdrawals are fast, safe and secure. Not only that, but Prize Picks is the only daily fantasy app with injury insurance. If one of your players goes down in the first half prize picks, doesn't count it as a loss. Just some of the many ways prize picks puts its members first. Download the Prize Picks app today, use Code Tucker and get $50 instantly when you play $5. That's code Tucker on prize picks to get $50 instantly when you play $5. You don't even need to win to receive the $50 bonus. It's guaranteed prize picks run your game, must be present in certain states. Visit price picks.com for restrictions and details.


You have any idea what that, and it blows me away too, again, and, and I'm coming up from exactly the opposite perspective. Like I've, I've always disagreed with a pro-choice position, but I also thought when I would listen to Clinton, I'd be like, I get it. I get why people feel, you know, 13-year-old girl raped, she's got a disabled, you know, the baby's disabled. I mean, I understand why people are like, yeah, she should have an abortion or have the right to, this is such a different message and I just don't know where that came from or why that, it's just really striking to me. It's dark, Super dark. I think it's super dark. Yeah. But those are the same people who can turn their head at the genocide happening in Palestine and say things.


I mean, I, I would turn to people who like liberal their whole life. And I'm like, so you stand with the people of Palestine, right? And they're like, Kamala's, not The, president of the Middle East. They'll say things like that and I'm like, what? But she is funding it and it's like, well, Trump is gonna be worse. What is, what is he gonna do? Dig up the dead babies and kill them again? It, you know, if Trump is worse, then we deal with Trump when that happens. But right now you cannot reward what the Democratic administration is doing. What Kamala Harris and Joe Biden, you cannot reward them with your vote. You have to make them pay a price. You have to influence them. And that's why now all every Muslim mayor in Michigan came out and I'm pretty sure just endorsed Donald Trump.


Yeah. And so you're gonna, you're gonna, you're gonna wa wag your finger at those people. I've seen people pri prior, they go, well, Trump's gonna go house to house. I'm care. I work with immigrants and Trump's gonna go house to house and kick them out. And I'm like, so you're prioritizing the, the immigration status of migrants over the literal slaughter of Palestinian children. That's morally repugnant. And as you know, Thomas Frank said, and listen to Liberal, you know that when you listen to these people moralize, it's stomach churning. And at his stomach it is just like, you're just bending yourself in a pre. There's nothing. So there's no red line. I have a red line. My red line is genocide. And you know, Kamala Harris could come get my vote.


You know, if she said, Hey, you know what I'm not gonna do, I'm not gonna fund Israel anymore. That's their problem or his something. She won't do it. And so if you're, if you're willing to go along with that, there's no doubt you're not voting for a lesser evil. You're just voting for straight up evil and you're doing mental gymnastics to make yourself feel better about it. People have to lie to themselves about Donald Trump. The same establishment that venerated him my entire life. He was on every magazine cover, invited on every late night talk show he hosted Saturday Night Live at they Hollywood gave him his own national television show for 10 years. They gave him Emmy nominations. Right. And Oprah loved him. The view kissed him on the lips. They loved him.


Everybody loves Donald Trump. Stephen Colbert loved him. He would say, look, everybody loves Donald Trump. Thanks for running. Stephen Colbert said to him, and then all of a sudden, once he became pre, he is like, oh, he's Hitler. He's the worst thing in the world. And if you look at what he was saying about what, what, what caused that pivot? The establishment. So the establishment does, they couldn't control him. He's, you know, like I've heard you say, they're afraid he's gonna do one less war than they want. Yeah. And so they couldn't control him. And he's also, as Aaron Mate has pointed out, that he puts an ugly face on imperialism. Right. Because now they've painted this guy as a white supremacist and he, you know, he speaks in a crude way often and he puts an ugly face on imperialism.


So it makes it harder for them to invade small brown countries and steal their natural resources a lot easier. If it's Barack Obama doing it look like what he did to Libya, like what they did to Syria, like what they did to Afghanistan for 20 years. Yemen, the whole deal. So it makes it so, but Trump makes it harder for them. Right. And plus he's a wild card. He won't, he wouldn't go along. That's why the, that's why they lied about him. That's why the CIA lied in, in aid of Joe Biden and Kamala Harris about hunter's laptop. That's why they did Russiagate, which was concocted by the Hillary Clinton campaign. And that's why the FBI lied to the Vice FSA court 17 times so they could get a phone tap on Donald Trump's phone.


And his entire organization, And, they still couldn't find a crime that they wanted to impeach him over because they had to find a crime that they weren't also complicit in. And that's why it took so long. So, so fair point. And for me saying, you know, and I, when I had Cornell West on my show, I tried to impress upon him that, don't you see like You don't have to like Donald Trump. Right? I didn't vote for Donald Trump. But what you see they're doing to Donald Trump, they would do to anybody. And when I say they, I mean the establishment and the handful of billionaires that actually run the western world and our media, they would and, and own the Congress. They would do to anybody who stood up. Look what they did to Bernie Sanders. Right. So when there was a chance that Bernie Sanders was gonna become the nominee, they immediately rush gated him.


They immediately called him a sexist. They immediately called his followers racist and sexist and violent. They did the exact same thing. And that's what I tried to impress upon Cornell. Like, they would do this to you, they would do this to Bernie Sanders, they would do it to me, they would do it to Jill, they'd do it to Jill Stein. They'll do it to anybody who they can't control. And Cornell West response to me was to call me a Trumper. That was one of the saddest, that was one of the saddest, Because I, I know Cornell and I, you know, it's a very com very complicated person, but in some ways a good hearted person. I in many ways, yeah, he Is. And he's smart. He's legit smart. But he has lived in, you know, he told me that we live in two different worlds. And I was like, we sure do. You live in, in an ivory tower your entire life.


That's true. And I've came from blue collar background and my whole life, and I'm out there with the people all the time. I tour the country constantly. And I do meet and greets and meet hundreds of people. Every, night And. they look at me in the eye, in the eye with, and some of them with tears in their eye, And. they thank me for what I'm doing and for what I'm saying. And Even those, they don't agree with me politically. Like I would say half my audience is to traditional liberals. The other half are libertarians or conservatives and, and, and ex-military. You know, I remember most recently I had a guy said, you know, I've served on, in three, three different countries in three different wars and I watched your show and I woke up and now I realized what's going on.


And those are the kind of things that, you know, kind of never leave me. I've had, I've had military guys try to give me their medals and I, and you know, it just, it's overwhelming emotionally for me to meet these people. And so that's what I, that's the world I come from. And that's not the world the media comes from. That's not the world that Cornell West comes from. And, but because Corn, Cornell West is black, he kind of has a Trump card where he can say, you've never suffered like I have. You don't know what it's like. I don't know what it's like to live and, and work in Harvard and Yale and Princeton. That's gotta be miserable. No, you're so, you're so right. So lemme just get back to what, what I wanted to ask you a couple minutes ago, which is the people who should know better in Cornell West is certainly in that category.


Well look at what happened during co that was my big beef when I had him on. 'cause he wouldn't say a peep during Covid. I, I'm like, you know. Oh really? I didn't know that. No. Well now he's, now he is saying something like he's picked up Bobby Kennedy's. But you know, IIII was like, you, you know, where were you when, you know, he's always, I stand in solidarity with workers and I'm like, well they fired 70,000 healthcare workers in one state alone. 'cause they wouldn't take an experimental medical treatment. Where were you then? Right. They, 41% of black-owned businesses closed permanently during COVID. Where were you then? Where were you screaming about that? Where was your solidarity then? And so I don't wanna pick on corner West.


I he's got like a lot of like, oh yeah, no, I Agree. And I, I like it. But It was a very big let down for me. But you're Right, you're, so my question is not even to get personal about it, or a OC is someone who, you know, has called me a white supremacist a thousand times. Funny. But I still look at her and I say, this is woman with, with talent. She, I think she does have talent. I'm sure she'll disavow me for saying that. But she's also said a few things over the years where you're like, you could be closer to the right track than you are. But she seems to have sold out immediately. And I would also say, not to be mean, but Bernie Sanders, same thing. Like what, what, and Michael Moore of all, not only was he, you know, on a popula streak and he's actually from industrial Michigan.


He's also fat, which I think is significant. No, no, I'm not being mean, I'm being serious. No one in the ruling class is fat. A lot of America is fat. Michael Moore, like he, he seemed a little bit more real than, or potentially more real than a lot of the spokesman for the left. Why is he going along with that? Like, what is this? Why there no independent voices? That's funny because he was one, like I pointed out earlier in this conversation, he was the one who gave that big speech about why regular people are attracted to, to Donald Trump. And it's because they wanna give an fu to the establishment that has left them behind. And the Democratic party has certainly left workers behind. Amen. And, they, they crushed the railroad union. Strike all of them, the Democrats.


They all did that. And pretend they did and pretended they didn't pretend that they're somehow the, they're, they're the party of the workers. There is the, it all ended with Bill Clinton. Bill Clinton was no friend of the working man. No. He got, you know, after Ronald Reagan, he, he called up Wall Street. They had the Democratic Leadership Council. You remember that? The DLC very well, do you remember who was on it? They had people from the Koch brothers sitting on their board. Him. And so there was, and I mean he gutted welfare. He, he increased, increased the police state. He deregulated Wall Street, which came across the economy and hurt black and brown people more than anybody. Within 10 years he did that.


He explo exploded the prison population. And he, he had a private plan with New King, which to privatize Social Security. But Monica Lewinsky screwed that plan up if you read listen, liberal. And so he, and he and he did nafta, which cut the legs out from underneath the working unions for a generation. These, those are things that Republicans couldn't do, which is why people like Glenn Ford and the Black Agenda report has said that the Democrats are the greater evil, they're the more effective evil because they can get stuff done that republicans good in. You know, They've reached a Malcolm X position. Yeah, Yeah. So George, when George Bush the first wanted to do nafta, he couldn't get it passed because there was the, a certain Democrats in the South who wouldn't go along with it.


Exactly. Bill Clinton came in for sellings and gave them cover and then they did it. They did nafta. Right. Which screwed over what? So Barack Obama, he's dropped more bombs than George W. Bush and nobody made a peep. But how Do you control critics who know better? That's what I don't get. And Michael Moore specifically, Michael Moore had his own franchise. He's not dependent, he doesn't have a cable contract. He doesn't, you know, he was sort of outside and here I'm not, I'm not complimenting Michael Moore, I'm just, but I'm just noting like the guy had talent, he had his own income stream. He had some insight into what was actually going along on along the lines of what you just said. So how do you get Michael Moore to obey you and join forces with Larry Fink?


I think it's the same way they got John Stewart. Right. So John Stewart went on Stephen Colbert and he told the truth about where the Covid v virus came from. I remember, do you remember that? Yeah. And Stephen Colbert tried to stop him at every turn to the point where John Stewart had to get up off the chair and walk di directly towards the camera and finish what he was saying. So Stephen Colbert couldn't interrupt him. Do you remember that? It was Oh, very well, it was unbeliev. And then he got comp completely dismantled or completely ostracized by polite liberal establishment. And he spent the next year trying to get back into their good graces. That's what I think it is. It's that, you know, we have that built into us through evolution.


You want to be part of a group. And he was no longer part of, he, he even talked about it. Like, I didn't realize that there was a right wing position on Covid And. there was a left wing And, there was a conservative. I didn't realize that. Well, he, he freaking got his mind right And to make up for it. He then had to pin a medal on a Nazi at Disney World. A legit, legit Nazi, which he's never been asked about or ever had to, to answer for. He then gave a Ukrainian Nazi. Yeah. Then he gave a a, a tongue bath. The two of the biggest blood sot war criminals in my lifetime, con Condoleezza Rice and Hillary Clinton. He did that interview that was just, just disgusting. And then he did a vaccine panel during Covid where he brought on four vaccine liar, not one skeptic.


He didn't bring on anybody with a counter narrative to just lie about vaccines and covid and not, so he was doing all these things to try to get back in. Good. Great. That's my theory. That's why you ask him what happened to Michael Moore. I think you get ostracized and he doesn't wanna get ostracized. And then the who, who knows the mon the money dries up for your next movie. Who knows what that, but definitely it doesn't make any sense. That's, that's actually, that makes sense that I'd love to ask him. But he, you know, he'll never come on my shore answer. I feel Like, I think it's a great explanation probably. Right? I mean, I think it's probably as simple as that. You know, the, the desire not to be, I mean, I Know what shunned it feels like to be shunned. I know, Right? I I mean people I've known all my life speak of me in the most despicable ways.


And it's because I actually kept true to my values. I actually, you know, I look forward to a day when the left actually criticizes and is skeptical of big pharma and is adversarial towards the government and the captured regulatory agencies and the liars inside government like Fauci and Collins and all those people. Amen. I, I look forward to those days when we stand up against the CIA again and don't believe the FBI and the intelligence communities, which is infiltrated every lefty organization and dismantled them. I look forward to those days when they come back. I've never left them. They did, they became NeoCon, right. Wingers, I don't know if that's even the right term anymore to call people, but that's what the people who think they're liberal now are now they're, they now stay, they're pro-war.


They're anti-free speech. They're pro censorship. They're anti bodily autonomy. And now they're excusing a genocide. They're the exact opposite of what they think they are. That's just, I I could not improve on that. Can I just take you back to something you said a moment ago about the 2016 election in Bernie Sanders. And Sanders was clearly, and it was also true in 2020, the Democratic candidate in the primaries with grassroots support. I mean, he was with actual people behind him. Right. And he had a message that was distinct from all other messages in the Democratic coalition And, and Russia gated him. Okay. So I think looking back when historians untangle this, you know, this mess that we've been living in for nine years and trying to figure out what actually happened, like how did we wind up at war with Russia?


A hot war with Russia, which we're in now? Yeah. I think they're gonna trace it back to the leak of the DNC emails. I just have always felt that. What was that? So, well we know that. So it used to be that I remember when George Bush said he met Putin and he looked into his soul. Yes. And he's a good man. Yes. And that's because there was, you know, we wanted to export our crony capitalism to Russia, which we did a little in a big way. And there was economic interests in Russia. Well then the war machine had economic interests in we needed, we need a boogeyman again. Right. And I remember when j when Biden was pulling out of Afghanistan And, there was a lot of people who consider themselves liberal that were giving him Congratulations.


Look, he's getting out, he's getting out. And I was like, well, wait a minute. What is he gonna do with the money that we've been spending in Afghanistan? Well, has he said, well, I'm gonna wait till I hear 'cause I pretty sure they have another war in the chamber if they're gonna let him end this one. And exactly they did. They had the Ukraine War in the chamber, which they had been preparing for for oh, at least a decade, if not longer. And, and, and again that's the Rachel Maddow Anderson Cooper, even ch they're never gonna tell you that. Oh, that's right. The CIA got in bed with right wing Nazis in Ukraine to overthrow their democratically elected government. Why? For economic reasons. That's why, why because, oh, because the Ukraine wanted to, they had a better economic deal from Putin and Russia than they were getting from the European Union.


And that cannot stand. And so we, we overthrew their democratically elected president then we zelensky is a puppet. Right. And he ran on peace. That's the irony. So he ran on peace and ending war and all. And now he's banning newspapers and opposition parties and going into Christian churches. And you, you've, you've seen it all. And you know, killing jour American journalists. Right. And He's not elected. He's a dictator. And he's adhe by definition. Exactly. So they'll never tell you about the minks accords and that they had peace agreements. And that as Angela Merkel revealed that they never, the, the Ukraine and the NATO never intended to abide by the piece of, so what happened after we overthrew the government in Ukraine in 2014, was the people, the Russian speaking ethnics and the east part of Ukraine didn't wanna go along with that coup government.


And so the Ukrainian government Nazis started bombing them. Right. They started showing them, which is why we had to have peace agreements. Minx one and two Accords and Angela Mercury revealed that they never meant to go along with those, they just used that as a time to build up the Ukrainian military to get ready for a war with Russia that they were gonna provoke. Which everyone knows that they did provoke. They certainly did provoke it. Yes. And, they, I don't think everyone knows that, but I'll just say it again. They provoked it using Kamala Harris at the Munich Security Conference 2020 when she said that you were gonna gonna put them in u we're put Ukraine in nato. That was the final straw. And there was a, you know, I'll, all Putin wanted was, Hey, just don't do that. I can't have you putting nuclear weapons and I can't have a NATO right on my border.


And you could, everybody could have anyway. And so they, but the way it's told in the United, in the United States is that Putin is an evil dictator. And he just woke up one day and decided to invade Ukraine for kicks. 'cause he's just evil And, they don't have any. And then of course he blew up his own pipeline, the Nord Stream pipeline, the biggest, and which actually screws over Europe and Germany. Oh, right Now their economies are all hurting because of that. And by Putin's economy's outgrowing growing faster than the United States. Exactly. And I believe I was called a traitor for pointing that out, but it doesn't make it any less true. It's a fact. But this is all, and this, this, it's so frustrating, this kind of propaganda. And because I have the time to look into this and I'm aware of it and I can't keep my mouth shut about it.


Now, you know, everybody calls me right Winger people say I'm turning Democrats into Republicans and stuff. Like, I'm just like, no, I'm trying to wake up Democrats and Republicans to the uniparty that's been running things. And that's exactly what we're, we're living in. You know, and, and you know, it, it's, it's funny, I'm, I'm noting some ki of kind of a pattern. Every war, there seems to be some kind of, in every coup we do, there seems to be some kind of natural resource that we actually are after in an economic gain. Just like, well Lindsey Graham just said it that there, there's $11 trillion in rare earth minerals under Ukraine. He just blurts it out like his boyfriend's name on Valentine's Day. And there it is.


And I'm like, oh, nobody ever talked about this for the first three, four years of this war. All of a sudden he's like, oh, it's all about $11 trillion in rare. I'm like, you son of a bitch, And. they just say it. They just say it out loud and there's no media there to hold him accountable. 'cause the media is now owned by billionaires like Jeff Bezos And. they, they don't hire journalists from blue collar backgrounds. They hired journalists from Ivy League schools who are gonna be class loyal. They, they don't have to tell them what to say exactly. Who are gonna be class loyal. Boy


we've told you before about hallow. It is a great app that I am proud to say I use my whole family uses. It's for daily prayer and Christian meditation and it's transformative. So with everything happening in the world right now, it is essential to ground yourself. This is not some quack cure. This is the oldest and most reliable cure in history. It's prayer ground yourself in prayer and scripture every single day. That is a prerequisite for staying sane and healthy and maybe for doing better eternally. So if you're busy on the road headed to kids' sports, there is always time to pray and reflect alone or as a family. But it's hard to be organized about it. Building a foundation of prayer is gonna be absolutely critical as we head into November praying that God's will is done in this country and that peace and healing come to us here in the United States and around the world. Christianity obviously is attack under attack everywhere. That's not an accident. Why is Christianity the most peaceful of all religions under attack globally? Did you see the opening of the Paralympics? There's a reason because the battle is not temporal. It's taking place in the unseen world. It's a spiritual battle obviously. So try hallow, get three months completely free at hallow. That's hallow.com/ Tucker. If there's ever a time to get spiritually in tuning ground yourself in prayer, it's now hallow will help personally and strongly and totally sincerely recommended hallow.com/ Tucker.


So I do, I I I'm fixated on this question of the DNC emails winding up with Wiki Lukes and Julian Assange. We were told that Russia did that the FBI was never allowed in the US government. Never actually No CrowdStrike. CrowdStrike Right. Told us that. And we were just beat in the face with that line for the next three years. And it was on the basis of that supposed crime that Russia became our biggest enemy. And we wound up in a hot war with Russia. And my question to you is, do you think those emails were stolen by Russia and given to Julian o San, she's denied that. Or do you think they were leaked to WikiLeaks by a disgruntled DNC employee who saw the DNC cheating in the primary on behalf of Hillary Clinton and against Bernie Sanders to shut down democracy within the party.


So that DNC email leak being blamed on Russia served two purposes. Right. You get to tie Donald Trump to Russia. Right. And then you get to demonize Russia. Exactly. Which they had a war in the chamber for. Right. They wanted, they knew this was coming. So it served both purposes. And do I think that, so we, no Russia, I had on Bill Binney who at the time yes. Was the number one codebreaker for the NSA for decades. And of course he told the truth. So the FBI tried to imprison him and but he's smarter than the FBI, which isn't that hard. And so he outweighed them With the FBI tried to imprison Bill Binney.


Yeah, Yeah. They, yeah, they tried to, they tried to get him, but he outsmarted them. Right. He told the story on my show. I don't, I don't remember the details 'cause it was in 2016. But basically He was just in one sentence, Binney, who's very familiar with how he information moves digitally said, made the case mathematically that it would be impossible. Yes. To leak it from outside the building. You had to have someone downloading it from the inside building. He said it Had to be downloaded. And he said because they were, there would be, there's a paper, there would be a trail of you, you know, electronic trail that you, you would see if that information got downloaded and went. So he said that had to be locally downloaded. Right. Like, and so then it comes up Seth Rich.


Right. So you always can tell when the establishment's up to some fuckery when they don't allow you to ask questions about something. Like you weren't allowed to ask questions about COD so you know, something's up. Right? A hundred percent. So, but That's true in our personal lives too. If I don't, if I refuse to talk about something, there's probably something there, there. So, so I, I first experienced this when it came to Seth Rich, right? So I remember that there was a private investigator that was hired, I don't know, by the family or someone connected to the Seth Rich family. And he gave a press conference. And I, all I did was cover his press conference and I asked logical questions like, Hey, if this was a botched robbery, how come they didn't steal his watch or his wallet or anything?


How come there's, where's the videotape of this? There's cameras everywhere. Hey, how, where was he when the time he left the, the bar to the time he got to his house? There's hours in between there. Nobody, I just wanna know. And I remember I was on a panel, a, a, a news panel and I said, can anybody remember the last time there was an unsolved murder in Washington DC And reporters weren't allowed to ask questions about it. And it was just like, no, no, no. They didn't wanna talk about it. They didn't want, Hey, of course that's never happened before and it's never happened since. And so I got the, a hit piece put on me in the Washington Post because then called me a conspiracy theorist. 'cause I was asking logical questions about an unsolved murder.


How dare you In Washington DC I was put in a hit piece in the, in the what? Washington Post. And son of a bitch a couple of years go by and now the, they've been, or first of all the FBI said, they didn't have his computer, Seth Rich's laptop. Then they said, okay, yeah, we have it, but we can't access it. Then they're like, okay, yeah, we accessed it, but we, we have a com printout, but we can't share it. And then a judge ordered them to release their findings of the what's inside that computer. And. they refused, the judge ordered them. Again, you have to do this And. they said, Hey, no, we're they, they invoked some national security thing, And, they And, they said, we're not gonna release it for 65 years.


That's what they said. And I was like, was like, He's a low level staffer. I was like, D nnc, none Of a bitch. I knew it. There was something up. And when the FBI isn't gonna, I'm like, what did, did Seth Rich kill Kennedy? Why won't they? So, and, and, and of course now I was right to ask all those questions. And so it certainly seems all the evidence points towards Seth Rich, it doesn't point towards Russia, because now we know that Russia didn't. I knew that immediately. I too then in 2016 that that wasn't possible. And, they knew that the CrowdStrike was lying in fact. And that a and that it was the Hillary Clinton campaign and the intelligence community that concocted the Russiagate conspiracy theory, which is one of the dumbest, most easily debunk conspiracy theories of my life that was repeated ubiquitously in the press, right.


Manufacturing consent. And so the Steele Dossier, you know, Hillary Clinton funded it, right? And we all know it was all made up. And she lied by about that, by the way. She had to pay a a fine for lying about that. Nobody ever, again, none. If it doesn't get reported in the press, it doesn't happen. They, they decide what's the news and what isn't. And if it, it doesn't get reported. I mean, it got reported on page 17, but nobody made a big deal out of it. So that's what, if you are asking me about the DNC leak of the emails, I think certainly the in the evidence doesn't point towards Russia whatsoever. There never was any evidence. And they lied about Everything And.


there was, I mean, I remember if this was, look, I'm not a Democrat, have never been. So a lot of this stuff was confusing to me, and it was just hard to, as, it's hard to assess things as they happen. And I feel like an idiot for not my instincts aligned with yours. Exactly. I thought there's something, there's lying here. I know lying, but I'm not exactly sure what they're lying about. And I don't know what the truth is, but I remember that the Nation magazine, the oldest leftist magazine in the United, States fiction NA's old magazine ran a piece by Bill Binney saying, this is not Russia. Russia did not do this. And you look back eight years and the idea that the Nation magazine would write a piece like that would, that's impossible to imagine.


Now they would never do that. It's like every institution on the left got captured by this weird neoliberal dishonesty. And I just, how did that happen? Well, is that the, so Aaron Matay did a meticulous debunking of the Russiagate Conspiracy theory, and he was allowed to be printed, I think it was in the Nation. Oh good. Okay. Good boy. Did the, the editor, I think it's I think Vanden Ho Katrina. Yeah. And she caught a lot of guff for just, it was the only time they printed anything counter to that narrative. And Aaron Mate ended up winning the IF Stone Independent Journalism Award for that work.


And, they said he meticulously debunked Russiagate. It didn't, it Russiagate is a dumb conspiracy theory if you wanna find the debunking of it. There it is. It's, it's a, it's, it was given an award, the, the Izzy Award. Right. But again, that doesn't make the front page of the Washington Post and the New York Times that Rachel Maddow's ever gonna tell you that she's just gonna keep going on and Russiagate and Russiagate. Because to tell the truth about Russiagate gets you ostracized and to lie about it gets you a $30 million contract, which is what Rachel Maddow got, which is a hundred thousand dollars a day. That's how much Rachel Maddow gets paid to lie to you about Ukraine, about covid, about anything. That's what she's there to lie about. Russiagate. How Long can that continue?


I mean, the audience for news organizations that lie, I mean, all news organizations lie, but, you know, you'd hope it's inadvertent, it's a mistake. No, I've made a lot of those. But the ones who lie on purpose, like NBC News or CBS or a BC Washington Post New York Times, like they are losing audience share as a result of their lying. Can they continue? Yeah. I don't see any end to it right now. They keep inventing fa fake fact check organizations. So I had like this, you know, CIA employee from NBC news, contact me about me spreading misinformation. Oh, it was directly about you. They said, when you spread a misinformation about me Yeah.


That I said that I repeated the, the Russian propaganda that you were targeted for assassination by a Ukrainian. And I went back and I looked at my coverage and I said, the only thing we can say for sure is that this guy's being detained for questioning. That's the only thing I, I didn't, you know, INBC did That. Yeah. I said, no, if you look at this, that, and, and then I realized that that Story's true. Just by the way, I never have talked about it. I'm not gonna talk about it now, but it's just, it's so interesting. They never called me. I would be the, I was the target of that assassination attempt. So you'd think that someone would ask me. They never did. Who was this employee? You know what, it's a woman and I can't think of her name, but I know she's been, I, as I looked into it, I'm like, oh, other people have called her out for being the mouthpiece of the inner intelligence community.


And that's what her judge, she's a fact checker. She used to be a librarian and now she's a fact checker for NBC News, Brandy Donie or something like, Something like that. She's like a Ukrainian sounding name. Yeah. And then I just got contacted then the next week a, a place called Logically, logically Fall fallacy or Logically False or some kind of international fact checking organization. And I And they were saying, Hey, you're spreading misinformation about this. And it was a satirical piece. I had done one of 'em. And it was so funny. I go, do you guys know what SATs hire is? Anyway, so I looked into who funds them, right? 'cause that's the first thing you wanna do do is look into who funds them And. they were started off by a grant from MIT, which we all know is CIA infested.


And then they got the Jeff Bezos, who's in bed with the CIA and wants to keep his to billions and billions of dollars of contracts with the CIA. He also funded them. And then there are two big clients, the UK government and the United States government. You are fact checking on behalf of the war machine. That's what that is. If you're, by the way, if you're a government fact checker, then you are by definition like a liar. Lord. Haha. You're like a sto. Yeah, you're Tokyo rose, you're a liar. I mean, you're not only a liar, you're a collaborator. Baghdad Bob. Yeah, Baghdad, Bob Thank. you. That's what you are. That's what those people are. So what the, the, what I realized what was happening, and it kind of scared me, was that, oh, they're trying to get me, they're gonna try and Russell brand me, they're gonna try to get me de platform so they can have all these articles about Jimmy, Dore spreading misinformation, And, they can point.


And then, so then YouTube will go, oh, well look at all this. We gotta get rid of this guy. Look at a lot, all, all these fact checking organizations, which they did the same thing. So Facebook demonetized me because, you know, the big pharma funded fact checking organizations, which is funded by the Johnson and Johnson, they, they said I was spreading misinformation about covid, which not none of none, nothing. None of it was ever misinformation. It was all information. Again, you don't get in trouble for telling for lying. You get in trouble for telling the truth, which is what they did. They would, they would write these, I mean, 20,000 word essays about how I lied about something. And it just came down to they didn't like my headline. They quibbled with my headline.


That's a, that's called a quibble. That's not a fact check. Not one fact I got wrong. But then Facebook used that as, Hey, you know, they put a label on my story. This is misinformation. You better not share it. You better not even read it. You're gonna get in trouble. And, you know, and then now Zuckerberg has come out and apologized. Yeah, I was pressured to do all this censoring. And they're still doing it. They're not stopping. Like, I don't know why he's even did that. But they're still doing it. They're still have those fake fact check organizations. And if you look into them, they're being funded by a billionaire or they're with a political agenda, or by a big pharma or a corporation somewhere that has a political agenda. They're not anybody calls themself a fact.


Checker is a liar. They're paid liars. Of course. The, you know, the, the irony is, it's, it's always exactly the opposite of what they're telling you. Yes. And if you, if you get your money from the government to fact Jack, that the biggest liars are always the government. of course, the second biggest liars is the corporate media, of course. And third and a distant third are randos on social media. Right. It's that's so true. I I think anyone who uses the term misinformation non ironically, is, is part of the problem. And because that's not a real category, there are only two categories, true or false, inconvenient for the people in power is not a meaningful category to me.


I don't give a shit whether it's inconvenient for them. That's what, isn't that what, what isn't it? What are the one of them disinformation I think is, it might be true, but it's inconvenient for the establishment or Missing all of them. Yeah. It's true or false. Yeah. Is it a lie or is it true? It's that simple. And it's, you know, when you start expanding the categories, it's like the genders, I'm sorry, I just like you get into fantasy, but it's fantasy concocted to protect the people in charge of mean that, so do you, do you feel, it feels to me just being in New York last night, like things are changing and Trump is at the, you know, the apex of, of the pyramid. But it, I'm not sure how much it's about Trump.


Maybe it is, maybe it's not. I'm not really sure. But I've noticed a lot of people who seem to have decided, I'm just gonna say what I think and I don't care anymore. Do you feel that What, what I will say is that when Bobby Kennedy joined Donald Trump, and he did that at a, in, I think it was Glendale, Arizona. Yeah. He got introduced and he was up there talking about ending the billionaire billion dollar funded wars and investing that money back at home. He was talking about cleaning up our water supply and cleaning up our food supply. Yes. And getting the corruption out of our captured agencies. The CDC, the FDA, he was talking about taking on big agra.


He was talking about confronting our obesity epidemic and the chronic illness that's been exploding. And. there was a, whether you think Donald Trump is, is serious about letting Bobby take over that agenda or not. What was really interesting to me was that was a stadium full of Republican voters Oh man. Who were cheering that stuff on. That's right. And that's a traditionally, that's supposed to be a Democrat. When was the last time you heard a democratic politician talk about the captured regulatory agencies? Right. These are, these are things that the democrat, these are what I would consider lefty issues. So what this message there, that's what really scares the establishment Tucker, is for a guy like me to see that, and people who agree with that message, to see a room full of Republican voters also agree with that message.


And we're like, Hey, well maybe we're not that different. Maybe we do have more in common and we share a common enemy. And that enemy is the oligarchy and the establishment that has been crushing us and poisoning us at the behest of big pharma and corporations and big agra for the last 50 years. May, they don't want us to realize that, you know, when Kamala Harris, when Dick Cheney endorsers, he says, oh, you know, we have more in common than divides us. She doesn't mean she has more in common with workers. She doesn't mean she has more in common with regular people or students or the, and she means she has more in common with NeoCon Republicans. of course, she doesn't mean, of course, that we share, they share a common enemy. They are the common enemy. And so that's what I'll say about, about that.


And, and I, I, I see, you know, I have a red line. I wish Donald Trump, you know, I, I was talking with Chris Hedges, I was interviewed on his show, and we were talking about how, you know, if it's Kamala Harris, it's Donald Trump. The same thing's happening in, in Palestine and Gaza. And I said, you know, a weird thing is, and I is that someone's trying to kill Donald Trump, and it looks like it's the deep state. And so he must be a problem somehow. Right? So that, so I go, that's gives me hope. I I'm in a weird way, they're, I go, they're trying to kill him, so that's gotta mean something.


Right? I definitely Agree With that. And they're not trying to kill her. Right. And, they're not trying to kill Joe Biden. And so that's gotta be something. And the Establishment has a very, very, I think they're unimpressive and they've done nothing to help our society. And I mean that. But the one thing they're really good at is sniffing out who means it, who's a threat. Their threat assessment is un-ring. They know, like, they look at a OC who's like power of the people, power of the workers, and they're like, oh yeah, she's one of us. Like, they know that's a lie. They know, she doesn't mean it And. they look at someone like Tulsi who's like, you know, liberal chick from Hawaii, And. they look at her and they're like, no, actually you can't be in our party.


Like, they could just feel it. You know what I mean? Yes. And the fact they want it, it almost doesn't matter what you say. They, they're like animals. And I mean this as a compliment. They, they detect the aroma. Like they know who's a threat. And I agree with you. Trying to kill Trump is like, it's establishes bonafides in my mind. You Know, the, the, you bring up tulsi and people forget what happened. She was a darling of the Democratic Party. Oh, she, vice chair of DNC when she got to Washington. And then she decided to support, she, she didn't like the corporate money inside the party and she decided to support Bernie Sanders. Yep. Right. Which made her hated by half the party that supported. So there was half the party supported Bernie, half the sup, half the Democratic primary voters supported Bernie, half supported Hillary Clinton.


So that half the party hated her. Right. And then she went on to tell the truth about the Syrian war. Yes. And to tell the truth about the, the rest of our four, four choice wars of economic interest. And she lost the red, then she ran against Joe Biden and she ran against Bernie. So now the Bernie supporters turned on her too. And YY that, that's why. So people need to remember what happened with Tul that I just try to remind people. And now I disagree with Tulsi s view on a lot of things. Yeah. To Israel's the big one. But I don't re I don't forget why people, they again, just like with you, they, she got in trouble 'cause she told the truth about Syria because she told the truth about Ukraine because she told the truth about the Democratic party cheating Bernie Sanders and the corporate control of their party.


That was, again, You don't get in trouble for lying. She got in trouble for telling the truth. That is absolutely right. And, they knew they could smell it on her right away. She got back from that trip to see Assad. And I, I was so out of it. I was like, what's wrong with that? She's On the foreign relations committee. Wait. Well Exactly. And she wasn't, I mean, I don't, I never understood why we were against Assad in the first place. I never had strong feelings about Assad. He protected the Christians in Syria. I don't know. That seemed like a good reason to at least be neutral, whatever. I just didn't, I wasn't that interested in the topic. I'm American. Right? So it's not my world. I'm not living in the lavan in my head. But when she did that, I remember. I mean, they were just like, no, we, that they hated her more than they hated any Republican.


I was really struck by that. So That it, I, you know, there's a theory that the reason why the Syrian war happened was because they wanted to put a pipeline from, was it Kota or Saudi Arabia? Right. Through Syria. And of course Syria was aligned with Russia, And, they didn't want it. And so they wanted to get rid of Assad so they could do that. And you know, the CIA was backing, you know, ISIS and Al-Qaeda actually, it literally funding them Right. In a dirty war in Syria. Right. One of the most expensive dirty wars they've ever done. And it was all of course, and Without question, the most immoral. Yeah. If you're funding ISIS and Al-Qaeda, yes. You're not on our side. No. And yet our government did that with our money.


And Tulsi is, I if I'm recalling this correctly, sponsored a piece of legislation that basically just said, we're not allowed to use US tax dollars to fund isis. That they were like, shut up. Extremist. Insane. Yeah. Right. Winger, that's insane. So what happens, I mean, It was so bad Tucker in Syria that the Pentagon would be funding one terrorist organization and the CIA would be funding another terrorist organization and then they would fight each other inside Syria. And how do I know that? 'cause it got printed in the LA Times. That's how obvious it was. Yeah, I know. But again, that doesn't, that it's not, it's on page 37. It's not on page one. It's not the lead story of the news. In fact, it never makes the TV news.


And all they did they do is show you pictures of them cutting a guy's head off with a Butch's kitchen knife. You remember when that was the big thing on very well on cable. I remember I'm watching Chris Matthews And. they would show a a, a ISIS guy cutting someone's head off with a kitchen knife. And Chris Matthews like, the president's gotta do something he's gotta do. So that's exactly how propaganda works. And they're like, look, they're barbarians. And my my response was, yeah, why don't they blow their heads off with a nice Christian bomb made by Christians in a Christian bomb factory? 'cause that's what Jesus would do. We Did an interview with a woman called Casey, means she's a Stanford educated surgeon and really one of the most remarkable people I have ever met in the interview. She explained how the food that we eat produced by huge food companies, big food in conjunction with pharma, is destroying our health.


Making this a weak and sick country. The levels of chronic disease are beyond belief. What Casey means, we've not stopped thought thinking about ever since, is the co-founder of a healthcare technology company called Levels. And we are proud to announce today that we are partnering with Levels. And by Proud, I mean Sincerely Proud Levels is a really interesting company and a great product. It gives you insight into what's going on inside your body, your metabolic health. It helps you understand how the food that you're eating, the things that you're doing every single day are affecting your body in real time. You put stuff in your mouth speaking for myself anyway.


And you don't think about it. You have no idea what you're putting in your mouth and you have no idea what it's doing to your body. But over time you feel weak and tired and spacey and over an even longer period of time, You can get really sick. So it's worth knowing what the food you eat is doing to you. The Levels app works with something called the Continuous Glucose Monitor. A CGM You can get one as part of the plan, or You can bring your own. It doesn't matter. But the bottom line is big tech, big pharma and big food combined together to form an incredibly malevolent force pumping you full of garbage on healthy food with artificial sugars and hurting you and hurting the entire country.


So with levels you'll be able to see immediately what all this is doing to you. You get access to real time personalized data. And that's a critical step to changing your behavior. Those of us who, like Oreos can tell you firsthand, this isn't talking to your doctor. An annual physical looking backwards about things you did in the past. This is up to the second information on how your body is responding to different foods and activities. The things that give you stress, your sleep, et cetera, et cetera. It's easy to use, gives you powerful personalized health data. Then You can make much better choices about how you feel. And over time it'll have a huge effect. Right now, You can get an additional two free months when you go to Levels link slash Tucker, that's Levels link slash Tucker.


This is the beginning of what we hope will be a long and happy partnership with levels. And Dr. Casey means, wait, can I just ask, I don't wanna get too far afield, but since you've been watching this stuff for so long, whatever happened to Chris Matthews? He was like a dutiful soldier For the Democratic Party. He got me. Me too. But why? I mean, I worked in television my whole life, so I know for a fact that he, A lot of people could have been me too, but it was Chris Matthews And. they just crushed him in one day. What, why I saw, I found a video.


It's a good question. I found a video of him on, I think election night, some election night. And Rachel Maddow sitting there saying, you know, the Trump's victory, the Republican victory is all about racism and hatred and racism. And he was like, nah, you know, if you go through Wisconsin and you see that, you know the diners close and there's this thing and the people and the, and he made an economic case for what was happening. And I was like, that's what happened. That's what Happened. Amazing. Because He actually slipped up and told the truth once. Right. Just like John Stewart, when he slipped up and told you the truth about the Covid virus, then I guess Chris Matthews didn't get his mind right. They had to make an example out of him.


'cause that's what, that was Fascinating. Oh, I'm so glad I asked that question. Yeah. So there's a zero tolerance policy for certain truths. Yes. I mean, absolute zero tolerance. Yeah. Like You can spend 40 years if you're Chris Matthews carrying water for a bunch of dumb politicians pretty reliably. Yeah. And then you say one thing about economics. That's true. And you're done. Yeah. And, or look at, you know, look at Medi Hassan. He thought he was insulated because he lied about the Syrian war, he lied about the Ukraine war, he lied about Covid, he lied about Russiagate. He did all that for the establishment. So he thought that had bought him some, a little insulation to tell a little truth about Palestine. And he, no, you're fired.


And that was that. You know what I'm talking about? No, I do. Yeah. Yeah. And that was just like, no dummy, you don't get to, you don't get to tell even a little bit of truth, especially one that's consequential. So Do you think, I mean, it just looks like if you look at the Rogan numbers, for example, are your numbers, for example, it does feel like the era of those news organizations, which I will never stop being angry at. 'cause I worked at them. But it does feel like their era is over. Well it's, it's funny is that my numbers that keep going up on, on Rumble, YouTube has, I'm considered borderline content. Really? Yeah. Oh yeah. And so they have ratcheted down the algorithm on me, Even those, I still managed to get between 15 and 20 million views a month.


I used to was I was getting 24, 25. Now they've gotten me ratcheted down to 15. And you know, I I, I remember I had a discussion with some people at YouTube and I'm like, Hey, this isn't a, what's going on? Okay. Is there, is there anything I, I said, I'm, I'm on bended knee, is there anything I can do to get this, to get o off this algorithm that I've been put on out? And it just got way worse during the election season. And the response was, well, it's the election season and so you, you know, everybody's numbers in this space are down. I'm like, that's like saying I should be selling. That's like saying I should be selling less, less, less toys during Christmas season.


Exactly. I mean, this is, my numbers should be going through the Little less ice cream in August. Yeah. So, I mean, I understand it's, it's, it's YouTube got the hell scared out of them in 2017 because we, we are a threat. Like now you're independent. I'm independent, we are a threat to the New York Times, to M-S-N-B-C. We do get more higher ratings. And especially Joe Rogan. And that's why they come at 'em so hard is, is because we're a threat to their business model. So they have to discredit us and way they do it is they scare the advertisers away from shows like ours. Right. That's the, I mean we, there's a story that just came out. That's how they wanted to, the Labor Party in the UK had a plan to kill Elon Musk's Twitter by scaring a advertisers away.


Right. And so that's exactly what they did. It was called the Apocalypse. It happened on YouTube in 2017. And it's been, you know, a tough slog ever since. But we still break through. People still are hungry for, they're just hungry for honesty. Right. They even, like I say, I would say half my audience doesn't share a lot of my politics, but they appreciate that I'm not lying to them and that I don't call them racists or I'm, and I don't hate them. I respect them. And that I tell them we share, we, we all want the same things, but we just have different ways of getting there. Right. No, I, well I feel that way about you. I mean, I actually do agree with a lot of what you say, not all, of course. But I think you're sincere and serious and brave.


And those are the three qualities that I, you know, I look for in my friends and in people I trust in media. Why wouldn't I sincere, not lying to me. Maybe wrong, but not lying serious. Like trying to honestly, like what, what are the big issues? What actually matters? I think that's important and brave not gonna get pushed around. Like, I don't know. I don't think it's that hard. I mean, right. I mean they've certainly tried to push me around. You know, they, I got, when I spoke at the UN Security Council, I was invited to speak on the anniversary of the Nord Stream bi pipeline bombing. And so I, that's the Funny, that's the funniest act of industrial terrorism in history because Putin did it.


Putin is so evil that he blew up his own pipeline. Yeah. He's not an evil genius. He's an evil moron. I guess he blew up his number one economic stream. But, so when I did, and I, you know, I spoke in blunt language to the security council about, you know, if you think Russia did this, you're either a paid liar or a dupe. And on my way. So I, I did that via Zoom 'cause I was in Europe at the time, and on my way home on the plane, my computer and my iCloud account got hacked. And it was from Pegasus. Right Now Pegasus is, was invented by the Mossad and it's very expensive.


If you want to get it costs millions of dollars. And they can. Anyway, I remember when I got off the plane, I called my IT guy who used to be a security specialist for the military. And I told him what happened and he was like, oh my god, Jimmy. He goes, even I couldn't do that. He said, this wasn't a person, this was a state actor for sure. Oh, for sure. Yeah. And, and I said, well maybe I shouldn't have given that speech at the security console. And he laughed and I go, no, I just did that. He goes, oh my God, that's what this is. Yeah, of course. And. so that was, and then you have, they also put my name in that list of that, that kill list Ukraine. Right. Has that kill list, which Been been there. Yep. You're on. And so these are the, and so now they have everything. So if they, they want to turn it on me, they've got everything that was ever on my hard drive.


Everything that's on my computer, my phone on my iCloud account. So they, if they wanna compromise me, they got got a lot of stuff. They've got a lot of stuff and stuff. And if they're, and, and of course they'll plant it on there. Right. I'm if it's, if it's not, you know, they'll, they'll, they'll make it, they'll make me look however they wanna make me look. Yeah. I mean, I, I don't have a computer and I try and stay off the internet for that exact reason. And I just wanna say, I Envy you So much out loud many times that I, I think kitty porn is wrong. And I think, I'm not into pornography in general and I just wanna say, I mean I, you see these people without even naming names, but one of whom I know personally, it's like all of a sudden, you know, you're into kitie porn.


Okay. Right. Yeah, yeah. No, I mean for sure, for sure. I mean, I've seen it, I know having been the target of that stuff and you don't wanna whine about it. I never wanna seem like I'm whining. I have a great life and I feel really privileged to have the job that I do. But no, there's heavy, very heavy stuff going on. There's no, I Mean, I just always wanted to be a comedian. I, honest to God, Tucker, I just wanted to be a comedian and be able to sell tickets and tour and have people like me. 'cause I was, I was funny. Yeah. That's all I ever wanted. And somehow, well I did when I did my special in 2008 was called Citizen Jimmy on Comedy Central. And that got some attention.


And so I just got, it was the Iraq war that made me get in interested, like, I couldn't believe how bad the cable news was reporting this stuff. Yes. So I just started talking about it in my act and, and a lot of people reacted positively to it. And when I started, I got offered my own public radio show in Los Angeles on KPFK. And I started just, you know, doing what, what I do now. 'cause, and I realized that that it, I could do it way better than anybody in the corporate news because I don't, I don't have that mind control that they, first of all, they pre-select those people. of course. Just like I said, of course, of course. They come from Ivy League. You know, there's two types of people who go to journalism, school, dupes and bad journalists and couldn't Agree more.


And, they all come from the same class. I've never hired one and Good In 30 years of, you know, being in more than 30 years being this business. I've never hired a single person Journalism school. It's a trade, not a profession. It's, it's, by the way, the most straightforward trade there is. Yes. And. they want you back, you know, make you like, yo, you're not a profession. I've had People, you know, say that. So you're, you're not a journalist. I'm like all a journalist is is, as it was described to me, is you stick your head and you look, take a look down the street and you report back what you saw. That's exactly right. That's all journalism is. And You do it, you know, with some, with a high level of honesty and a dollop of courage. And that's, but it's just not hard If you're really smart. You can fix air conditioners if you're less smart.


You can do journalism. I mean No, that's, that's real. That's Such a great way to put it. That's really funny. That's well, It's true. It's so, but what, okay, so I was, I'm interested, and I think you might know the answer, if Trump wins in a week, a little over a week, and I think he will. What? I don't see how they're gonna let him win. I don't if they would overthrow governments in every other part of the world and rig elections and do cos Yeah. And Juan Gudo. Yeah. And the whole, and Zelensky and I mean, they're willing to start a nuclear war. Why wouldn't they be willing to rig an election? Well, I think they have and they're trying. Yeah. But I think maybe, you know, there's a, there's a level of popular support that's just hard to hide.


And I think we're reaching that point, but okay, let's, let's start at the, my assumption first and then Okay. Then we'll return to your, so let's say Trump does win on November 5th and you know, he wins all seven battlegrounds. Maybe he gets the majority of the popular vote. Maybe he gets the majority of the Hispanic vote. I mean, markers like that that are kind of hard to lie away. Right? Even if you're Joe Scarborough, like what do you do with a number like that? How does the Democratic party respond or the establishment respond? I bet they just doubled down on everything that they really? Yeah. Are you kidding? Yeah. They lost him the first time and I'm like, well this, this is gonna force them to change. It didn't, yeah.


They got, they invented Russiagate, they ramped up the racism. They, that's So unhealthy if you fail. I've been fired a lot at a drinking problem. Like I, they everyone opened. But That's when you stop and you say like, how did this happen? How was I part of this disaster? What bad choices did I make? To what extent was it my fault? You have to do that. That's what it is to be an adult. Right. You can't always blame other people for your problems. They're you. It's amazing how many people aren't adults. That's what, that's what Covid taught, taught me. That's what Russiagate taught me. That's what every January 6th, Syria, Ukraine, I mean, it's amazing. People are propagandized And. they don't think they are. That's the problem. They think and Oh, I had something to tell you about it, but I can't remember.


But when He, when he won the first time in 16 Yeah. I thought that was gonna make them change. Yeah. They just got way worse. They got and chaos. And I mean, why do you think there's an open border? There's many reasons. One is we can't meet our recruiting goals for the military. Well, exactly. And that Thank You for saying that. That's what this is. That's, That's a big part of what this is. And I'm not making that up. Dick Durbin set it on this floor Senate floor. I remember into a camera that that's what this, that we gotta have these immigrants so we can meet our recruiting Goals. Let's give them guns. Yeah. They're not gonna be a tool of, of the state against the population. And then the Pentagon makes it legal for the military to murder American citizens. Are you joking People? Yep. And and another part is of course, and no One says anything about it.


It's a, as soon as unions start to get some power, right, they open the border and flood the country, of course with, with immigrants to, and so now we have workers de desperate poor workers. Now their, are their ires turned towards even more desperate people. Right? So we put sanctions on Venezuela and, and to try to overthrow their government because turns out there's more oil underneath Venezuela than there is Saudi Arabia. And so all of a sudden we gotta bring their people some democracy. And you know, why, why don't we let Venezuela work it out? 'cause we don't wanna let them work it out. We wanna install a puppet so we could get their natural resources. So we put sanctions on, and the whole point of sanctions is to make the people who live there miserable.


So they get so miserable. And the idea is they'll rise up and overthrow their leader and then we can install a puppet. It's never worked. Not one time is Not one time is it worked? They're trying to do it to Iran, not gonna work. Russia and Russia, it's not working. And so those people then do become miserable. And then they flood our own country as immigrants And. they fly 'em, some of them in on jets, you know, and same thing with Haiti. We've been wrecking their economy. And you know, I mean, Hillary Clinton made sure they didn't get a minimum wage right. And she, it, it's unbelievable what we've done. We've stolen their natural resources, we stolen their go. We've occupied their country. Right now, Joe Biden is bribing the corrupt government of Kenya to send their peacekeepers over to Haiti because the war, the people are coming together in Haiti to realize that they have more in common and to oppose these puppet regime.


And, and so Joe Biden doesn't wanna send the Marines. He, because literally gave $400 million to Kenya. You send your people go break up this upright. So what my point is, do people come to America and the mistake is to turn your ire towards the immigrant, which is what the establishment wants. Right? I would do exactly. If I was in Venezuela, I'd Get the hell out of there and come here and try to get a job. If I was in Haiti, I'd Get the hell outta there and try to come here and get a job. Especially if I'm being encouraged to which they, they are Paid. Paid to do it. Paid To do it. Yeah. So the, the, the key is to make sure You, don't lose your focus. Come together and keep your eye on the establishment that's creating those desperate people and opening the border That's right.


And creating chaos. And let's remember chaos always favors the establishment. And so it makes you, this isn't different, right? They, you know, Mao did a very similar thing that he, he split, he did divide and, and conquer. Can I just Ask you, rose chaos always favors the Establishment. Yes. Chaos always favors. And, and if you feel like you're living in a chaotic country, it's because it's intentional. It's it just so true. You know, sorry I interrupt you. I just, but I just want, I just want that to hang in the air for a second because I think that's really wise and it's worth remembering, you know, 10 days out from a presidential election. Yes. We did a live tour last month. One of the funnest things we've ever done, coast to coast.


16 different cities speaking. Well, next week, our grand finale, Halloween, October 31st, 2024 in Glendale, Arizona, our special guest that night, days before the presidential election, Donald Trump all proceeds donated to Hurricane Relief. We're proud to do it. Hope to see you there. So what, I'm sorry, I interrupted. Tell me what mounted, how did he use Caleb? And, and Well, he, he split the people up into the, the, the good people and the bad people.


Right. And the good people were the people who did what they were supposed to. Right. And if everybody just did what they were supposed to, we'd have this utopia and, but we can't have it because the bad people won't do it. Right. Well, just like with Covid right now, Rob Schneider makes this point right. In his book, which is fantastic. That like, during Covid it was like we could get out of this pandemic if those bad people would just take a vaccine, which was always a lie. You could never vaccinate your way out of this pandemic. Right? You could never get rid of the co coronavirus And. they they couldn't. But that was a lie. But that kept them. And then, so that's how they kept people divided and conquer. And that's what it, so that's what's going on, right?


The, it, it's, why can Gavin Newsom all of a sudden clean up homelessness in San Francisco when he is having The president of China visit. But he can't do it before and he certainly can't do it after what it, that's all I mean. of course. So chaos favors theta. They want it that way. They want people living under bridges. They want you being accosted by meth heads when you're going to the seven 11. They want you begging for author. Author. They want you to be willing to give up freedoms. Just like people were during Covid, you know, Arnold Schwarzenegger, screw Your Freedom. Remember that famously, he said, get out of our country. Screw your freedom. Yeah, I agree.


What that, why, why would I wanna screw my freedom of that? 'cause that's exactly what ma did. You split everybody up the Austrian roses to the surface in Schwartzenegger. And so that's what, that's what this is. And they want us not coming. I'm, I'm, it's true. Like me and you coming together on Syria, on Ukraine, on COVI, this, this is a threat to the establishment. They have to have divide and conquer. They can't let that happen. I just, one time I remember I inter it was, I think it was during the Black Lives Matter riots, I interviewed, there was a guy I saw at the Michigan Capitol and he was a boogaloo boy. Now the Boogaloo boy was a, they were a response to the proud boys.


Right? So they were, they didn't wanna be associated with them. They didn't, they were anti-war. They were anti-police brutality. They were actually, they provided security for Black Lives Matter. Protestors. And. they, he went to the capitol, gave a speech. We have more in common than separates us. We are, we are brothers. We have common interests. And he was there with someone from a, you know, an L-G-B-T-Q organization. He was there with a Black Lives Matter person and a, and a Boogaloo boy. So I interviewed that Boogaloo boy, that was the worst thing I could have ever done. They came at me like I had never been, come after I had had written articles about me, Jimmy Do's a, a leader of the Dirt bag left and he's in bed with Alt-Right. And these right wingers and Nazis and yeah.


And I was like, no, no, no. I I I just interviewed a guy who, by the way, the dirty secret is those guys, like those Boogaloo boys used to be democratic voters 25 years ago. And they're not anymore And. they don't want you to ever talk about why they're not anymore because they've been, their backs have been, they, the Democratic Party turned their back on them. Right. And so I brought that guy on and I got murdered on social media, corporate news pieces hit, hit jobs, people, it was videos made about me to the end of the day. And all I did was I, I remember I tweeted out, I go, Hey, I just interviewed a Boogaloo boy, we agree on war, we agree on L-G-B-T-Q, we agree on black lives.


We agree on all that. I go, isn't that weird? And boy, I got ratioed, I got, you know, i I to trended for probably a week. They could not, the establishment cannot have that. They cannot have you coming together. And that's the message. That's my message is, no, you're not my enemy. You're my neighbor and you are hurting just like I am. We're under the same, you know, just like during Covid is what I tell people during my show. You know, the, the establishment did a controlled demolition of our economy, which flattened everybody except a handful of millionaires and billionaires. And. they want me to be angry and hate my neighbor for the pain I'm feeling because of that. 'cause they wouldn't take a vaccine that didn't work the way they said it did in the first place.


Well, I'm not gonna hate my neighbor. I'm gonna join with my neighbor. 'cause we share a common enemy. And that's the only way to get this out of this hellhole and this death spiral that our country's on right now, we're in the end stage republic. And people don't realize it. They think trump's the problem then Trump is a problem. Trump is a people willing to vote for. Trump is a system of a uniparty problem that has been squashing workers for the last 50 years. I've had people say to me, you know, Jimmy, January 6th undermine our democracy. And I'm like, you know, you're adorable. 'cause we don't live in a democracy. We live in a flat out oligarchy, which was proven by a Princeton study over 10 years ago. You're democracy was stolen by corporations 50 years ago. When are you gonna get pissed off about that?


Is it that people don't want to see how deep the rod is, how big the problem is? It's just too much for them to metabolize. Why It's hard for them to believe that Barack Obama was a problem. Like, oh, wait a minute. He's, you know, I've had people, he's The best president of my lifetime. No, he was The best speaker. He was, he made you feel good. He was, again, there's a reason why he got more money from Wall Street than John McCain. It was a reason why he instituted a right wing healthcare plan. There's a reason why he let the pro, he let him play it out at Dapple. There was a reason why he dropped more bombs than George Bush. There was a reason why he destroyed Libya. He destroyed Libya. And he is like, oh, that was a mistake. You know, and they're gonna, they're gonna prosecute people who a lot of them peacefully protested on January 6th.


But Dick Cheney, they go, oh, it's about the rule of law. Why does Dick Cheney and George Bush still walk to Europe? You know, Barack Obama was supposed to prosecute them because they ordered a worldwide torture program. Right. Which is a, and Barack Obama's constitutionally required to prosecute them. And he didn't. And the public reason he gave was because he said all those cr those those torture crimes happened in the past. And Barack Obama was looking towards the future. And Well, when I heard that, I felt a lot better. 'cause all the crimes I've committed during the past too. I'm, I'm glad, I'm glad we're not prosecuting past crimes. I bet those people in prison are pissed off. They committed their crimes in the future. But Even, but we're having this conversation.


Sh and I'm not just saying this to inject a note of optimism, but because I, I think I believe it, the fact that we're having this conversation suggests that the level of consciousness is very different from what it was years. I think Covid woke people up. Exactly. So how, how can you, What happened to Monkeypox? What happened to bird flu? Did they, was those test balloons? Do you think people go along with it and then people did and they're like, all right, get rid of it. No, but That's the thing I just, I I, I don't think people are gonna go along. I mean, if they come back, you know, in eight days or whenever it is on November 6th and say, you know, Kamala Harris is a historic first. She's just incredibly popular, got more votes than Barack Obama. I'm just gonna say, no, that didn't happen.


Like, you're lying and I'm sick of having to go along, being bullied into repeating your lies. And I think a lot of people are in that frame of mind also. Do you Well, you see the media's getting more panicked and they're getting more desperate. They should be panicked. Yeah. You see what's going on. You saw, oh, They're quiz links. They're collaborators with the totalitarian regime. And, they, they should be panicked A hundred percent. Right. And you see the things they want to focus on instead of what they, what people want them to focus on. You see, when M-S-N-B-C will go and do, they'll interview some regular voters in like Wisconsin or Michigan And, they keep bringing up, they'll bring up January 6th, and then people are like, what, what are you talking about? Like, that doesn't affect my life. Yeah. Who cares? Who cares about that?


Do you know who does care about that? You, the liberals, the media, and then the people who watch that media are taught that they're supposed to care because we almost lost our democracy. Which again, I already pointed out, you don't live in a democracy. You're a chump. It was unarmed. You can't have an unarmed insurrection. These were old ladies deep in debt with diabetes who believed in the Constitution. You could say they were wrong to think the election was stolen. Okay. That's a real debate. Happy to have that debate. But they believed that they were not sentenced to People. It was an FBI. Yes. That was just a regular riot that was allowed to happen and encouraged to happen I by the FBI plants in the crowd. Exactly. And how do I know that? Well, because Christopher Ray, the head of the FBI was under congressional testimony, and he was asked, did you have FBI assets dressed up as MAGA supporters inside the capitol before the riot started?


And he said, I can't answer that question. Which means yes, yes. The answer should be no, which is what the congressman said. The answer should be. No. Well, the answer should be, we're not gonna continue to fund your agency if you don't answer the question and we're sure not gonna build you a brand new building. Which they did. Yeah. Which speaker of the house Mike Johnson signed off on to his eternal shame, one of the many things for which he should be ashamed anyway, but Yeah, no, it's, but, but again, we're kind of proving the point that underlies my question, which is everybody kind of knows what's up now. So how can you continue? I Hope so. I just hope so because we, we travel in different circles.


Right. And you know, I'm in liberal Hollywood and you're other places. I, I, the, the really, so in your world, people are still, they're, they're hypnotized. They're in a trance Even now. Yeah. Look at the media. I mean, they think the media's real. They think it's the news Yes. In Hollywood. Yes. Yes. In Los Angeles. So what happens When you're at a dinner party and you start dropping stuff like this? I invited to dinner Parties. Oh, is that true? Yeah. You're eating sushi alone in Viter Boulevard. That's correct. That's correct. Yes. No, I mean, I, I I I hang out with other heretics, you know? Really? Yeah. I you do want, like, how could you still be hypnotized after all of, like, I get, okay, this virus shows up from China, you think it's, you know, got a 50% death rate or whatever.


People are afraid. I understand. But you know, four years later, really, you're, you still think that's real. You know what the real death rate was? 0.27%. It was like less than half a percent. And you know, that's the thing about Bill Gates, right? He, he wants to make it, by the way, illegal to misinform. Right. He's like, well, we always had, we've always had restrictions on pre, and he tech talks with his hands, which is first sign of a liar. And he's saying, he's talking like this, this is that true? You know, I don't know. I'm making it up. But he, he does have like o grandiose hand gestures, which is it? That's, that's, yeah. It is a bad sign.


He, and he says, he said, we've always had restrictions on speech. You, you know, you can't threaten someone's life and you know, you shouldn't be allowed to misinform someone on vaccines to make them hesitant. What did you just conflate? You just conflated death threats against someone and talk, talking about the vaccine. Do you see that? And he's a number one investor, and so people don't know this, but as soon as Bill Gates, he invested $50 million in Pfizer. And then it went up during Covid and he cashed out at $550 million. And as soon as he cashed out, he started shitting on the vaccine. I don't know if you saw the video, but he was, I play this on my show all the time. He said, well, we didn't know at the beginning that it had a low fatality rate and that it affected mostly just the elderly.


Kinda like the flu, but a bit different. Now they don't play that on, on M-S-N-B-C-C-N-N Fox. They don't play that anywhere. Right. I play it on my show. Right. Which is why I'm borderline content and, but there it is. I mean, and, and I'm like, well, why would, and he's like, yeah, there was a lot of problems with the vaccine. They weren't infection blocking. They didn't have long term. They didn't. And I'm like, whoa, whoa. All he had to do was cash in his stock. And he immediately starts telling the truth. But I'm, I'm like, I bet there's something else up. And soon enough or immediately after that, he started selling this new vaccine that you inhaled through your nose and he said, these are better. These are infection blocking and these are long lasting. And I'm like, and I'm like, well, let's see. He's invested in the company that's making that out of India.


But Why? I mean, this is the point where I get religious because I don't understand why someone like Bill Gates or Larry Fink or, or really any of these people who have multiple billion dollars would care about making more money's. I think That's, it's a really disease, like that is money worship, but that I'm not against being rich. I like making money, I guess, but not that much. But some, I like not being in debt. Okay, I get that. You know, I want people to have more money. But if you've got billions of dollars, like why would you spend any time making more? I think that's really sick. Well, that, I think that, you know, it, it, it becomes a, it's a game to these, it's, it's what gives their life meaning where there's, they, they don't have any other meaning.


Right. I mean, except for, you know, covering up his trips to Jeffrey Epstein's Island, They don't have any other meaning. That Is what, what, what other, there's nothing. What else is there? And, and it's control. He's a, he's a maniac. Right. That people, because he wears a crew neck, sweater and glasses, they think he's a nerd and he's a good person. You know, just So just like girl, just like Rachel Maddow wouldn't lie to you. She's, she's gay, gay people don't lie. Chris, Chris Hayes. Chris Hayes is a nerd. He wouldn't lie to you. That's why they got those People. Well, he's trans. Yeah. So why would you lie? That's Why, that's why they got those people, because they exactly, tho you wouldn't think they would lie to you. And that's why they hired them. And then they go along. So same thing with, with which Bill Gates.


I mean, he is never, he wasn't inventor. He wasn't particularly, but he was a, he was a good monopolist and he knew how to crush other businesses. He didn't, he didn't write the code. He bought the code and, and he, he knew how to become a monopolist. Right? Remember there, there were times when people were throwing pies in his face? Do you remember that? Very well. And the media had turned against him. And so he had the like, well, I can't let this happen. So then he started by the hundreds and hundreds of millions of dollars he started buying off media companies. And he started starting journalism schools and people Yeah. Stuff like that. So, like, for instance, PBS NewsHour didn't have like a science segment. He funded it.


Right. And. so that then they, he would Bill Gates funded PBS Science coverage. Yeah. So the, he, so he's their funding the creation of a, the, the, the research for a vaccine. He then funds the coverage of that. And then he funds the NGO that's gonna distribute the vaccine. I mean, he's got it coming and going. You know, that he's co-opted the media. That's why he's seen as a media darling. Now people think he's a great guy. You know, I've had, again, people say, Jimmy, he's just trying to end malaria in Africa. He's trying to, he's, I'm like, well, if you listen to exactly what has happened and why, there's certain country countries that don't wanna do business.


In fact, I think he, there's lawsuits against him in other countries. And if what he actually did in what he actually did in Africa, listen to Bobby Kennedy. He'll tell you what I, I'm not an expert on it, but I've listened to Bobby Kennedy talk and it's nefarious. It's gross and it's egregious. So I think he's just a megalomaniac. And yeah, I think that that doesn't go away. Right. That, that, that's, that's where he gets his life meaning from. But these, I Guess what I'm saying is these, I mean, what about Jeff Bezos? He hasn't made enough money. Agree. He, he's not stopping Bill Gates, Jeff Ba I mean, come on. What Do you make of, speaking of Bezos And all these guys who care about global warming.


Yeah. Like Jeff Zuckerberg or Mark Zuckerberg. Do you see his new yacht? It's because he cares about global warming and 'cause he cares about, it's got four diesel engines on it. But I bet, I bet it's he's got an electric stove on it. Yeah. You, I mean, well, I mean, I think the purpose of those yachts is well, to go to the south of France in the summertime, which is fun, but also it's to escape the mess that they're making now. Yeah. Obviously. But Zuckerberg's is five feet shorter than Bezos. 'cause you know, he's a man of the people. So what Do you make? So Bezos's paper, the Washington Post, which is the official organ of the Intel agencies and has been for many, many decades, refused to endorse Kamala Harris.


And Bezos has taken, you know, Bob Kagan, one of the dumbest people in Washington to Newland's husband, former coworker of mine. Truly a mouth breather like an idiot. But he resigns in protest because democracy's dying in darkness because they didn't endorse Carmela Harris or something. What, what do you make of all this? Well, it's funny to watch the liberal class wake up to the fact that, hey, maybe it's not a good idea. To have a handful of billionaires run our media is like, oh, what you mean He's doing this for business interest? Yes. That's why he's, he's doing this because he wants to have to continue his billions and billions of dollars of contracts with the CIA and the government.


And he is afraid that Trump will step in the way of that. Plus he's got, he's now wanted to do the space. You, that's why Elon Musk is a threat to him. Right. And doing contracts with the government for space exploration and that kind of stuff. That's what this is about. That's exactly what this is about. And. so that same thing happened with the LA Times, you know, like, oh, there's another billionaire that owns, maybe we shouldn't have billionaires. And so it's, it's, they were okay with it as long as he was going along. Do you think Jeff Bezos bought the Washington Post? Because he is committed to the truth. Are you kidding me? He's got there because he needs to manufacture consent. He's got that because he wants to control the narrative. That's what that's about. And. they, as long as it went along with their hate, they were okay with it.


Right. And How does this coalition, the Democratic coalition, hold together? It's got a bunch of different component parts. Rich white ladies obviously being the pivotal component, but lots of others. Poor black people, immigrants, gays. But it's, but it is falling apart. It, Well, those, here's just my meta view of it as a complete outsider. These are groups don't have common interests. Hmm. So I'm not really sure other, like, hating stray white men, which is not really a reason to have a party over time. It's not that interesting or meaningful really. What, like, how could you hold that coalition together? They're just, they're just doing it with propaganda and hatred and the fear.


Right. Fear works and, but is It falling apart? Well, I, I'm pretty sure I saw a headline the other day that said that Trump is winning the Hispanic vote. That's like Unbel. I mean, yeah. That's incredible. Like just He's not, he's not making the most gains. I, I'm pretty sure. Correct. Fact. Check me on that. But, you know, more black people are voting for him than any other Republican. And it's, it's hopefully people are waking up that the, that the democratic rule isn't materially improving their lives. And I think a lot of people, I think Hispanics, I mean are against illegal immigration.


Oh, big Time. And that Oh, big time. They are. That's, that's for real. Oh Yeah. For lots of different reasons. Moral and practical. They're against it. And how patronizing to assume that you'd be for crime, just because you share the same sounding last name as the people committing and it's like insane. That's, so talk about racist. Well, what is, You know, the, the whole thing of that, which I'm surprised Trump doesn't make a bigger deal out of is that, you know, Trump did the step act, which released a lot of nonviolent black people from prison, which is the opposite of what Joe Biden and Kamala Harris did. Joe Biden wrote the crime bill. He still brags about it, won't apologize for it. Which is why black and brown people are locked up at way higher rates than their population.


And Kamala Harris kept black and brown people in prison after a, a federal judge ordered her to release them in California three times. And her office argued in court that we have to keep them in prison because it would upset the prison labor force. So what she's literally doing is I need to keep them as slaves. I mean, that's what she did. She, she kept black and brown people in prison for slavery. 'cause that's what it is. And Trump never brings that up. It's weird. I dunno. Maybe 'cause he feels like it will make her seem more, you know, a fighter of crime. But she's actually, I mean she targeted black single mothers when she was gonna, she went after and prosecuted the parents of Truants.


And who did she target? She targeted black single parents. And I've covered it on my show. She did that. And then she called out the press to go and, and cover it when they were being perp walked single mothers, black mothers. And the one woman who I covered, her daughter had sickle cell anemia. She was in hospital and everybody knew this. Kamala Harris didn't care. She sent the, the cops to go arrest her. And she lost her house. She lost her job. Her kid had a stroke. And that, that's who Kamala Harris is. Right. That's who she always has been. And that's who Joe Biden is. And I don't, it's, it's funny that how they can flip that script on Trump. I I, I tried to re remind people that, hey, you know, the reason why black and brown people are locked up is because of Donald Trump.


It's because of Joe Biden and Kamala Harris And. they didn't say they just can't compute. It just goes against, you know, whenever I've had, I'll have a conversation with someone from my old life and I'll, I'll do an information dump like this on them. And I'll never forget, I just had a conversation with a comedian friend of mine, And. there was just like a long silent pause. And he goes, that's a lot to, that's a lot to think about. That's how, what does that mean? That's A lot to think about. Like, It means I'm not gonna think about it. Yeah. That means I'm not gonna think about it. It's too much. And there's no way you could be telling me the truth and, but I'm not gonna look into it because that would be doing my own research Tucker. And you're not supposed to do your own research.


No, we, we've got mom to do that for us. Can I, let me just insert another, I'm trying to, to break the, the, the wall of, of pessimism here. So Bobby Kennedy, if you had checked in with any American who knew who Bobby Kennedy was for the last 20 years and said, who's Bobby Kennedy? He's the guy who falsely connects vaccines with autism. And that's why he was not allowed in the New York Times. That's why he was called a Nazi. It's kind of speaking of drummed out of Plate society. He was after that Rolling Stone piece about 20 years ago, connecting autism with vaccines. Even the, even the autism organizations denounced him. Hmm. That's how in the tank they are. But you never hear anybody criticize him for that anymore.


It does feel like there has been a change even in the media on that question. There Has been, I saw a guy on CNBC the other day, like some head of some CEO talk about 72 shots. He's like, That's exactly, you see that? No, I didn't. But yeah, I see people who, well even I was never against vaccine. I mean, I've never spent four minutes thinking about vaccines. Me either. Right. So, but I see. But 'cause of my job, I had to, but I see people, it was very normal. People who don't think it's outrageous to ask, is there a connection between the vaccine schedule and the rise in autism? That wall seems to have been breached.


People's minds seem more open. Am I imagining this? Well, it used to be people like Jim Carrey, Right? Well, exactly. It used to be people like Robert Dero. Really? Oh, Robert Ro I have a clip of him on the Today Show. There was that movie, I think it was the first unboxed or something like that, that was supposed to play at his Soho film festival. And. there was a big, they didn't want it to air, they didn't want him to show it. And he was on the Today Show. And he's like, there's something there. You have to look at it. There's something there. This is a direct quote. No Way. Yeah. If you that video's out there. I've showed it on my show and then all of a sudden he got the phone call and that was that.


He never talked about it again. And I, that film didn't get, in fact, I had the guy who did the film on my show, that film didn't air and that was that. Yeah. So we used to be people like that. And yeah, there Were like, and I remember just in the interest of full disclosure and honesty and repentance, I remember making fun of them. Me too. You Know, so that's, that's where I was at the time, which was unthinking and stupid and reactionary. And I apologize for that. But, but I just, again, I feel like there's been a massive change just on the ground, as we say, with normal people and their willingness to entertain new ideas. Well, when, you know, autism goes from one in 10,000 to right now, I, the last I saw was in California, it's like one in 22, some crazy low number like that.


I think enough people have been affected and touched by it that they are questioning. And so, you know, I used to always say, you know, conservatives can't understand a problem till it affects them Right. Directly. But it turns out it's everybody. Yeah, that's right. It turns out that's everybody. But so when it affects you direct me to me, you know, I didn't look into Covid policy until I got vaccine injured. And then as soon as I got vaccine injured, I was like, I was put into a study and some of the drug, one of the drugs was Ivermectin that they were giving me. And I was like, Hey. And then they explained to me, Jimmy, this is on the WHO list of essential medicines. I won the Nobel Prize. It's been prescribed billions of times. That's not What they told me on M-S-N-B-C.


And before Covid, it was looked at as a miracle drug. They were saying it could cure cancer. And I looked at the doctor and I said, well, why would they be saying this? And he explained, because they can't get their emergency use authorization if this actually treats, it Even those in their own literature. It says it does treat coronavirus. And and I was like, well, what else are they lying about? And it turned out Tucker, there wasn't a thing they weren't lying about. They were lying about the origin of the virus. We all know they were lying about funding it. They were lying about herd immunity. They were lying about natural immunity. They were lying about transmission. They were lying about contraction. They were lying about mass. They were lying about lockdowns. There wasn't anything that they would lie About And. they were lying about the danger of the vaccine.


That's what I mean, the side effect. Yeah. And, and, and you unfortunately lived that. Yeah, I still do. Yeah. So I had nerve damage from it. I had an al neuralgia among other things. My blood pressure went through the, or I had a one, my blood pressure was 180 over one 40. I mean, I was in bad shape. And that's like stroke Level. Yeah. I could had a stroke. Yeah. And I thought, I mean, who knows? I might've had many strokes. But anyway, so I don't, I don't know what the question was, but the covid thing is why Wow. I'd be, yeah. I didn't just, people's Minds are up. It's like four years ago, if we'd had this conversation, even just exactly what you said over the past two minutes, that would've been considered. Like, whoa, first of all, don't talk about your vaccine injury.


Whoa. You selfish prick people. Like, how dare you? I had people come at me on, you know, again, people I know. Why are you talking about it? Don't, you're gonna make people vaccine hesitant. And I was like, well, they said that to your face. They said it to me on, on online. Right. Wow. Yeah. This is, I I don't go on Facebook. Facebook is miserable. I go on Twitter. Right. 'cause You can actually get news and stuff from there. Yeah. And people would come at me and attack me on Twitter like that. I'm just like, you don't You don't know. I mean, I get that you don't know anything about Covid, but why are you so loud about it? Right. No, That's, boy, isn't that the truth? Yeah. And none of that, I mean, some of my favorite comedians, you know, I've talked about this in my special, I talk about it on stage and talk about it on my show, about my, some of my favorite comedians that I looked up to.


The, in their special, they would shame people for trying to get informed about covid and an experimental medical treatment. They would shame them. And I'm like, if you're, you're shaming People, you know, you're not supposed to shame people for questioning authority. You're supposed to shame people for following rules without questioning authority. And if you're shaming people for question authority, you're not doing comedy. You're selling cars. I don't know what the hell you're doing, but it broke my heart. Who, who Did that? I I I, I don't wanna name names, but they're, But, but, but like legit Comedian. Legit the top, the top comics. Well, I know the late night guys did that. Oh, all of them. All of it's, And that was shameful. Just shameful. Disgusting. It was. And they'll never apologize. They'll never, they'll they, Well they'll also never recover.


They will never recover from that. Well that, it's funny that Greg Feld now crane them all in the readies. Exactly. No, That's, well, that's exactly right. Case in point. Who watches that shit? Anyway, it's, it's such, Hey, you want to have some superficial com. It's all like, they're all sitting there. You say the talking point from the, from the studio. I'll say the talking point from the studio. We'll pretend we're having a real conversation. Late night talk shows are the most boring, stupid vapid. They're just unbelievably stupid. I know. I can't believe who watches, is there anybody over 16 years old that watches that stuff? No. I can't imagine. What? Can you imagine how mu your brain must be mushed to be able to, there's actual shows out there now.


There's shows like this. There's shows like Joe Ro, there's shows where people have real conversations about really interesting things. And they're not trying to sell you anything. I, I, I don't get how those shows are again, but there must be important for the propaganda. They, that's why that, you know, that's what keeps them going. I guess they must make money somehow. I just think that we're at a point where the people in charge have really only two options. One is the one that I hope they'll choose, which is to look inside and ask as every adult should, how did I play a role in what went wrong? You know, what, what did I, you know, seriously, like, just take a look inside. I mean, that's the basis of aa It's why it's the basis of joy actually.


So they do that, or they have to use real force to get people to comply. They can no longer do it through propaganda exclusively or through any kind of consent manufactured or, or real. They have to just go right to force because people just don't believe it anymore. They have no authority. Well, they Did force during covid. They forced you. You couldn't travel, you couldn't go to work. They fired people. Like I said, you know, 70,000 healthcare workers. Yes, They used force, but they had the capos like in the population enforcing it. Yeah. The pmcs. A hundred percent. And I just feel like that, you know, some of whom, all of whom I have my contempt, I will say, and all of whom should apologize, but many of whom were totally sincere in believing that the lady at the grocery store without the mask was a threat to everyone's life.


Like, they really believed that. I believed it. I, a lot of people did. A lot of, I got in a fight with my brother over all of it because I thought he was being reckless and selfish. Right. Selfish. Yeah. Yeah. And being dumb. And I was, oh, I was so, I was that person. I, so I, I have compassion for those people who are propagandized. Yes. Yes. I, or I do too. But because I was one of them. And, but, but I just think that that population is really small now. So, if you want to continue with your fake democracy, if you wanna continue looting the country, you just kind of have to pull out the gun and say obey at this point. They really have to go to force. And I think that's why they've now allowed the Pentagon to murder American citizens who won't comply.


I mean, I don't, what's the other explanation? Yeah. That, that it's almost seems too crazy to believe. Right. Saw It. Well, they did it. I mean, that just happened. That's real. I saw. Yeah, I saw it. I'm like, boy, if I didn't, that that's, they're not not doing it for a rea I mean, they're doing it for a reason. That's happened. Yeah. You Think And I'm like, oh boy, they're getting ready. Right. They're getting ready to do, so I thought, my first thought was they're getting ready to throw the election. And then when people protest, they're gonna go in and squelch it and say, look, these people are just, like we said, they're always violent. They're doing January 6th, but they're doing it on a grander scale. They're doing That's what, that's what I think that's what that that was, I could be wrong. That's just a guess. But they're doing it not for a good reason. Not for a good Well, I just don't think they've, they're, they're sort of out of options.


And we may look back wistfully at a time when they can control the population with CN you know, when Wolf Blitzer was enough to get people to obey. And, and now that, you know, it's a joke. They're all a joke. And we, but we know they're a joke. The kidnapper has taken off his mask. Like he doesn't have any choice. He has to kill us. Well, that's why they're going, the digital currency is such a big deal, I think, because they can control you through digital currency. Yeah. And I mean, look what they did to the truckers in Canada. They cut off their funds and now you can't do anything. You can't go anywhere. And even even people who donated to them got in trouble and got their funds frozen. So if they can, including Their Bitcoin And, they froze people's Bitcoin.


How Did they do that? Thought that Through the exchanges. Oh, I thought that was the whole No beauty Of Bitcoin was They can What I thought too. That's what I thought too. Oh, I think it could be the beauty of, I'm not attacking Bitcoin, just to be clear, but a lot of the crypto people, if you ask them directly, and I was at the crisp boat conference in August in Nashville, because I care about it. I said, well, wait a second. I thought the promise of Bitcoin was autonomy. And they're like, well, yeah, You can have autonomy. And I said, well, how do you, how about you make it easy for me to conduct business in Bitcoin? Simple transactions. do you know what I mean? Yes. Buy car and Bitcoin. That's not a Tesla. You know, and, and keep it private. 'cause it's my money. I made the money. There's no reason the government should have any role in it at all. I should be able to do it secretly.


And that's what you told me I was gonna be able to do. It's not just a pump and dump scheme, you sleazeball. It's not just about you getting rich and moving to Puerto Rico to pay no taxes. It's about returning freedom to the population of the freest country in the world. That's what you told me it was. And they're like, oh, well you could do that, but you have to have a wallet, whatever. I mean, it's just somebody. And I think a lot of the Bitcoin people are totally sincere and great people. And I'm not, I don't, you know, but somebody needs to make it easy for the average person to use Bitcoin as intended, which is as a vehicle for financial freedom. As a way to evade control. Yeah. Evade control. Need To do that soon. I think I, I, well what, what's happening in El Salvador isn't, isn't a Lot's happening.


That's great. I mean, I, again, I'm not attacking Bitcoin and the promise of Bitcoin is the promise of freedom. And I support it vehemently. We need that because the digital currency, they're already doing, implementing it voluntarily. Like You can, they're gonna track your carbon purchases on your credit card. Have you seen this? No. Yeah. They're starting to implement it voluntarily. And they're gonna let you know your carbon purchases. And so they've already got a in place, they've already have mechanisms to do this. of course. And so all they can say is, you know, I foresee a day not too far away where they say, Hey, you know, you're, we don't like how you're spending your money. It's of course it's too much carbon. So we're gonna freeze. And you can't spend it on the things you wanna spend it on.


And you gotta do this and you gotta get a electric stove. And electric stoves are the dumb and the we gotta get electric car. And where does the power for the electric car come from? A coal plant? And it's just so No, No. Actually a coal point. Yeah, I know. It's crazy what's going on. It. They, they've been fed, fed a bill of goods. And by the way, the, the, i i, I read a, an article that said that if, if when you get like a Tesla or an electric car, that's the equivalent of having 20 refrigerators in your house. Right? So they already have an energy cry whenever it gets hits 90 degrees in California, they're be like, Hey everybody, be careful. They can't handle the electric, the electric kid can't handle. So if everybody got electric car anyway, it would, but you couldn't do it.


So I don't under, so this is all, again, this is just propaganda and the people who are telling you that you have to be tracked on your digi your carbon footprint and drive electric cars and use electric stoves. And you can't sell, use a gas powered leaf blower anymore. Are the same people who don't ban private jet travel, which is going through the roof, Through literally through the roof. Through the roof. And they're like, and then they'll say, well, well I buy carbon offsets. No, but if you really thought global warming was real, you wouldn't ply the private jet. 'cause you know, that's contributing. You would buy the carbon offset anyway you'd be trying to do. So they won. The people who keep telling me about this, like John Kerry and Bill Gates, they don't, they don't really believe it. That's just a Not for one second.


There's A You can e even if you believe in carbon based climate change, the any of their solutions are bullshit. They're False prophets. They're fake clergy. Yes. And I don't, so I, after Russiagate, after Ukraine, after Syria, after COVID, I don't believe anything that they say, including when it comes to climate change, I don't believe 'em. Of course not And. they, And it's just, it's about Control. It's incumbent on them to prove it to me. So my last question is to get a snapshot of where we think, where you think we're going election is, you know, imminent. How many people do you know? Liberals, former, you know, progressive types are voting for Trump?


Well, the ones that come ones, ones that I meet doing comedy again and not, not many in Hollywood still. Really? No. Uhuh, come on. No, no, no, no. I mean, I've had people, I'll have people secretly admit to me they got vaccine injured. The secretly, they won't say it out loud. Like, I'll come off stage and they'll be a famous comedian, I won't say. And they'll say, yeah, I got shingles in my eye when I got the vaccine and stuff like that. And I'm like, you don't talk about it? No. Oh, I've had people email me and say, Hey, keep talking about it. I got myocarditis. No way. Yes. So they've so internalized the guilt and shame from CNN that they can't even admit that they were a victim of a crime.


They Don't wanna be ostracized from polite society that, I mean, you can't do that. How is it Different from a woman saying, I was gang raped, but I can't tell anybody 'cause I'll be blamed for it. That's sick. That's sick. It is sick. I agree with you. So, you know, my audience is different. So when I go out and I travel, I meet all types of people. People come to my audience, come to my shows, and I meet them And, they they range from hippies to ex-military to police, to firemen, to labor organizers. Yeah. To nurses, to teachers. And so they're all done. Right? So they're done definitely with the liberal intelligentsia And, they see through it.


But I i, I don't know if that necessarily means they're gonna vote for Donald Trump, but they're, they're certainly done with, when Trump Invites Sean O'Brien, head of the teamsters to the Republican convention and doesn't even make him endorse Trump. Sean O'Brien does not come as a Republican or a Trump voter. And he says that from the stage. I'm not a Trump voter, I'm not a Republican. I'm not here to endorse Trump. But he invited me and I'm coming. How is that not the most powerful sign ever? Can you imagine letting someone at your convention who won't even endorse you and you let 'em come anyway, that is a sign that, that this party would ever, its many flaws. Many flaws.


But is the open party is the actual coalition of different people, different interests, but with a common humanity. And Americanness like, doesn't that just tell you everything? It, it's, I've I've made a big deal out of it. Oh, did you? Oh good. Yeah. And it Was kind of ignored, I thought. Yeah, certainly. of course. That's not good for the establishment. Yeah. And you, you know, you saw that the port workers right. They were not strike And. they shut that strike down immediately. Yeah. Because they had to settle it. 'cause that's not good And. they don't want, they don't want other union, they don't want unions to catch on. Right. So as soon as the workers start to get power, they gotta stop it. Right. And that's why they're have an open border. There's no doubt about it. There's a, the little bit of a tightening of the labor market.


Workers are starting to get a little bit of power. They completely flooded. And the but the liberals who I see who aren't voting for Kamala Harris, so they're gonna vote for Trump or they're gonna vote for Jill Stein. Yeah. Right. That's a better way to put it. Aren't voting for Kamala Harris. They're not. Right. So they're not vote. They're, they wanna punish the Democrats. Yeah. They think they need to be punished. And I agree. I think they do need to be punished. They will not come to get your vote. They have, they don't care. You know, you, you, I'm sure you saw Chuck Schumer in 2016 when they said, Hey, what about, you're losing blue collar workers, right? Hillary Clinton, you're losing. He said, it doesn't matter for every blue collar worker we lose, we're gonna pick up two white collar suburban voters.


And You can repeat that in Ohio and Wisconsin and Michigan. Well, I guess they couldn't do that. That was a lot. But that just show. So they, he's, that was at the time the leader of the Democratic party out there telling people, we are not trying to appeal to workers. We're literally trying to appeal to white collar Republicans. That's what the Democratic Party is. Now, they're, they will bend over backwards to get white Co. That's why Liz Cheney is touring with Kamala Harris. Has there ever There been anyone that as disgusting as Liz Cheney? No. Like in world history, I can't think of anyone. I I Can't I can. I can't. But that's what, that's what does that tell you? They're not going after workers. They're not going after their natural constituency Democrats. They're going after white collar suburban Republicans.


That's what they're trying. They'll, and they'll bend over backwards for them. They won't do anything to Get the Muslim vote, which you would think would be a natural constituency. They won't do a damn thing for them. And that's why they all just came out in Michigan and endorsed Donald Trump. At least Donald Trump. They, they won't do anything. So I, I'm always, you gotta make them come get your vote. And you've gotta punish them for turning their back on workers for funding a genocide and for forcing medical experiments on people and for, and for censoring and shutting down and shaming people for questioning. You gotta punish them. And I'm all for that. And suicidal people are punishing them by voting for Jill Stein.


Some of them are voting for Donald Trump to punish them. I say whatever You can do to punish the Democratic Party, we gotta break 'em The great Jimmy Dore Thank. you Okay? Thank you. Thanks for listening. The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made. The complete library, Tucker Carlson dot com.