
Do you think it is possible to get people to commit acts that they wouldn't otherwise commit? I do. MK Ultra caused people to jump outta windows and commit suicide. Yeah. Yeah. You said there were a lot of shrinks at, at CIA. I Used those, those shrinks on operations. We even hypnotized one guy. He was hypnotized with his arm in the air for two hours. Would you describe the CIA as an intelligence gathering agency? Not anymore. It used to be until nine 11 and then it became a paramilitary organization. What they would rather do is fancy high tech satellites and drones, and they're not really in the business anymore of recruiting spies to steal secrets.


I got a call from a Japanese diplomat and he said, Hey, let's have lunch. I said, great. He said to me, so what's next for you? And I said, I think I'm gonna resign soon. And he says, no, if you give me information, I can give you money. He was an FBI agent. What? Trying to get me to commit actual espionage. The FBI did that to you. We got a burning government down, actually. I mean, your only crime was an A BC interview in which you say, yes, the CI does have a Torture Program. I know. 'cause I worked there and the president authorized it and lied about it in public. That's, that's, that's your sum total of your Crimes. That was it.


It's pretty unbelievable. You went to jail, I think when nine 11 happened. You were one of how many CIA officers at the counter-Terrorism center and spoke Arabic. Oh, at the Counterterrorism Center? Two. Two, yeah. So you have this distinguished CIA career. No one outside the CIA has heard of you, but in the CIA, you're very well known, helped capture an Al-Qaeda operative in Pakistan, risked your life as an operations officer. And then you leave CIA and you mention in an a, b, C news interview in 2007 that the CIA is torturing people, which it was Yes.


Illegally. Yes. And his a stain on the country didn't make the country safer. You say that and you wind up in jail. I sure did. Did any of the people who were torturing other people wind up in jail? Not A single one. The, the torturers. I'm sorry. It's so crazy. It's nuts. It's nuts. It, the torturers didn't go to jail. The people who conceived of the torture, the people who funded the torture appropriated taxpayer money for the torture. The people who implemented it, nobody went to prison but me. And what's, I guess what's so funny is, is when you think of whistleblowers complaining about something like torture, you think of like, I don't know, some profe, you know, the gans or some, you know, professional peace activist.


Right. You were, you were like a, I was a true believer. You were a CI operations officer. Yes. Like doing the war on terror. Specifically a counter-terrorism operations officer. Yes. And So you were hardly, you were hardly some Like No, I was no bleeding heart. He's now type. Right. No. And you went to jail. Amazing. So can you just, just to come to the point of the story where you are, you're out of the CIA, you're working in Deloitte. Yes. And you give this interview to Brian Ross at a bbc. Right. One of the few, I think, pretty honest, A, b, C reporters who of course left A, B, C agreed. Too much honesty for them.


And, and what happened then? This was two, that was 2007 during the bush. It was in December of 2007. Yes. So I, I went on this interview with Brian Ross And I said three things. I said that the CIA was torturing its prisoners. I said that torture was official US government policy. And I said that because President Bush had specifically said, we do not torture. I knew that wasn't true. Where Did he, where did he say that? He said that in a press conference at the White House in December of 2007. And I said that the, that the torture had been personally approved by the president, which was also true. And so within 24 hours, the CIA Wait, wait, How did you know that, by the way? Oh, Because I was, Were you, were you just guessing? Oh, No, I was the executive assistant to the CIA's deputy director for operations.


So I was intimately involved in the planning for all of this nonsense. Not just torture, but the Iraq war as well. And I was watching the rule of law just be thrown to the dogs almost on the daily basis. And I decided whatever Brian Ross was gonna ask me, I was gonna tell the truth. That's what I did. So that was in late 2007? Late 2007. December of 2007. So the president authorized this again, didn't make the country any safer? No. So the whole thing really hurt the country, but, and then lied about it in public, which you're not supposed to. I mean, let's, you're not supposed to do that.


And no, You're just Not supposed to. And you said those three things, which are factually true. Yes. Yes. And then what happened? Well, the FBI began investigating me the next day, and they investigated me for a full year from December of oh seven to December of oh eight. Did they tell you they were investigating you? No, I read about it in CNN. So how are they, how are they investigating you? You know, I don't know. They never sought to interview me. I, I ran out And I hired an attorney and, and we leaked that to the press that, oh, I'm represented by this legal giant in Washington DC It was, it was Plato CREs, who's no longer, yes, no longer living, But one of the most, most famous lawyers in the United States.


One of the most famous lawyers, the greatest in Washington. And they never contacted him. I, I really don't know what constituted an FBI investigation. But a year later in 2008, they dropped the case and they said that I had not committed a crime. But When they investigate you, what is that? Do you have any sense of what that means? Like, are they, In the subsequent investigation, which we can get to, it was very clear what it meant. But in that year, I think what they did, and I'm speculating here, is that they went over the A BC news interview and a subsequent interview I did with the New York Times, they parsed it, and they decided that I had not committed a crime.


Now, in the declination letter that they sent to my attorney declining to prosecute me, they said that it was illegal to classify a program if the program is illegal. Wait, can I Ask you, is it a federal crime to say the president is lying? No. Oh, it's not. Oh, so you're allowed in the United States, you're allowed, if you see a politician lying, you can say that person's lying. You can call Them on it. Okay. That's right. Okay. Just, just wanna, because it is America after all right. Just wanna make sure. Okay. So, so they, in the FBI spends a year investigating, you say the president is lying. Yes, Totally normal. And you don't know that they're investigating you 'cause they never contacted you, or your lawyer Never contacted either.


Either one Of us. Okay. So then 2008 rolls around, Bush leaves after two terms. Obama gets elected. Yes. And he's very much the peace candidate. He's for transparency. Well, I Like to say that it was Saint Obama that came down from the heavens right into the, into the White House to save Us black Jesus returns. That's right. And, but he's very much a, I mean, I remember in fact being on, on television saying, you know, he was this wild-eyed peacenik lefty guy. Oh, no, he wasn't. Oh, he wasn't. You know, this is something that I've puzzled over for a long time, and I've come to the conclusion that the CIA at the top levels of the CIA, they, they really love it when a new president is elected, and he has no background in intelligence or foreign policy.


Usually Donald Trump is a very unique figure in this. Yes. In this scenario, very unusual. But Barack Obama, two years as a senator, two years as a senator, no experience in foreign policy, no experience in intelligence. The day after an election, the director of the CIA authorizes a president-elect to begin receiving A-P-D-B-A President's daily brief. And so the day after the election, they go with this, this 16 page document marked at six levels above top secret. And they say, Mr. President-elect, wait till you see the cool things we're doing all around the world.


And they've sucked him in. They made him one of the guys. And every day they're like, wait till you see the update on what we told you yesterday. It's incredible. And then we get the, the feedback at the CIA, oh, the president loved this. The president had a follow up question on that. Oh, the president said, oh my God, when he read this, well, That's Obama. Well, it almost sounds Obama like you're psychologically profiling the president. Oh, I think, I think that's exactly what they do. And don't forget, they have an entire staff of psychiatrists and psychologists that do exactly that. And so they use the tools that they have employed for decades to subvert foreign governments to subvert their own government. Yes.


But they smile while they're doing it, and they say, no, no, we're just trying to forge a good working relationship with the president. In fact, for a while in the nineties, they didn't even call him the president. They called him the first customer. Come on. I swear to, I swear to God. Is there, I know we're getting far afield and we will get back to your story, but it, it, it, it doesn't sound like, so if you look at the org chart, the president controls CIA. Yes. But you're describing a, a situation where CIA kind of controls the president. You know, Thi this is another problem. It's that presidents come and go every four years, every eight years. But these, these CIA people, they're there for 25, 30, 35 years.


They don't go anywhere. And so if they don't like a president, or if a president orders them to do something that they don't wanna do, they just wait because they know they can wait him out, and then he's not gonna be president anymore. And they can continue on with whatever plan the blob or the deep state wants to implement. You know, Donald Trump took a lot of guff in his first term when he used on a regular basis the term deep state. And I argued from the very beginning, it is a deep state. Maybe you don't like the terminology. You don't have to call it the deep state. You can call it the federal bureaucracy. You can call it the state. But the truth is that it exists.


I, I would say by definition, I mean you just described it, the president, and by the way, the elected representatives who are the instrument of the population through which they control their government, you know, are perennial, they come and go, oh yeah. But the people who carry out those orders remain. So over time, they're the ones with the power. Right. And then when they get caught, they scramble. I remember Jane Harmon, she was a congress con congresswoman from Venice, California. She was the chairwoman of the House Intelligence Committee during the Iraq war. And she was briefed on the Torture Program. Well, when I went public on the Torture Program, reporters had questions, well, did Congress approve this?


Of course, Congress approved it and Congress appropriated money for it. So she's the chairman. And reporters went to her and said, Hey, what about this Torture Program? And she said, I didn't know anything about the Torture Program. She's a liar. She was lying. And I said, And I remember saying it to the New York Times, I said, she was in the room when it was briefed. Yeah. And when she was challenged, she said, oh, yeah, I remember that day. But you know what, I got up And I left early And I left one of my aides as a note taker. And he never briefed me, which is also a lie. Yeah. Well, she was just a pure tool of the Intel Agency. That was it. And of foreign government. And that's an ongoing problem on Capitol Hill, is rather than being overseers, they're cheerleaders for the intelligence.


So how that is absolutely true. And I, I've known them all. And you know, the, if you criticize any of the Intel agencies, particularly CIA would obviously the most powerful, they're immediately defensive. Oh yes. About it. You know, like it's their job to defend these agencies when in fact, their job, as you said, is to oversee these agencies and to keep them within the boundaries of the constitution. How does that happen? You know, I say all the time that we really did have real oversight for a while. From the seventies, yes. Into the 1980s, a decade, a decade and a half, where people really did exert influence over intelligence policy by really examining some of these covert action programs.


But Pat Moynihan is dead, and Barry Goldwater's dead, and all these other senators and congressmen, Otis Pike, they're all gone. They're all dead. And now we've got people who just egg on the intelligence communities. And I'll give you, or Oh, I know them. I'll give you an example. It's disgusting. When I got out of prison, I was invited to a dinner at the Greek ambassador's residence, And I went and there was a senator there, a Democratic senator there, who's a member of the intelligence committee. And so he came up to me and he said, Hey, welcome home. We were really worried about you. And I said, oh, thank you. I said, Senator, I've gotta tell you, I was disappointed that you didn't say anything.


You didn't express any support or, or anything related to my case. And he got very angry and he said, listen, it took everything I had just to not lose my security clearance. And I said, So you are afraid of them. That's what this is. And he walked away. That's disgusting. That's disgusting. But I think you can go through, certainly in the Senate, you can go through the roster of the, you know, the hundred members of the Senate and, and then compare it to the list of the permanent, you know, the community on intelligence. And those are the worst. Those are the most dishonest people. Yeah, they are.


Yeah. They are the, the most rotten, the most morally compromised, the most dishonest by far. I Have to agree. That was my experience. How Does that happen? Like sitting on the, the Senate Intel Committee is like just a sign that you, you know, you, You're one of the in-crowd Worse than that. Yeah. Like, you're not someone I would invite to dinner at my house. Yeah, no, I agree. How, how do they identify the most morally compromised people? You know, I, I wonder if, if this began with nine 11, I think that it didn't, I think it began earlier than that, like during the Clinton administration where everybody just where the, the intelligence community was seen as a, as a force for good.


Yes. Which was odd to me. Well, I mean, that's, I, that's how I grew up thinking that for sure. I mean, it was not even questioned When I first joined the agency. They were still sort of getting over the whole church committee era. And then when Bill Clinton was elected president in 1992, we were told that there were gonna be big changes at the agency. And indeed, one of the things that Clinton did was he ordered what they called a cull. So we had to go through the files of literally every recruited agent in the CIA. And if they had any human rights problem, they were fired. Right. We just cut off contact with them. And I remember thinking, wow, they're actually serious about this.


I'm, I'm very pleasantly surprised. But then nine 11 happened, and not only did that go out the window, the pendulum swung so far to the other side that it has yet to go back to its point of equilibrium. And Then just naturally, inevitably, predictably, the tactics that, that another agencies used against foreign governments were used against, against the us, us government, against the elected government and the, and the population of the country. I know you And I agree on this, we've talked about this in the past, but the CIA's forbidden by law from spying on American citizens as is NSA, it's a part of NSA's charter.


Yeah. That it may not collect the communications of American citizens or US persons. Basic NSA spied on me. Yeah. It leaked the information to the New York Times And leaked the information. I remember it very well to Control me. Right. Oh, it's illegal. Guess what happened? Nothing. And here again, Congress just says, well, what are we gonna do? Yeah. We're afraid of them too.


So here's a company, we're always excited to advertise because we actually use their products every day. It's Merriweather farms. Remember when everybody knew their neighborhood butcher? You look back and you feel like, oh, there was something really important about that, knowing the person who cut your meat. And at some point, your grandparents knew the people who raised their meat so they could trust what they ate. But that time is long gone. It's been replaced by an era of grocery store mystery meat boxed by distant beef corporations. Ugh. None of which raised a single cow. Unlike your childhood, they don't know you. They're not interested in you. The whole thing is creepy. The only thing that matters to them is money. And God knows what you're eating. Merriweather Farms is the answer to that. They raise their cattle in the US in Wyoming, Nebraska, and Colorado, and they prepare their meat themselves in their facilities In this country, no middlemen, no outsourcing, no foreign beef sneaking through a back door. Nobody wants foreign meat. Sorry. We have a great meat, the best meat here in the United States, and we buy ours at Merriweather Farms. Their cuts are pasture raised, hormone free. Antibiotic free, and absolutely delicious. I gorged on one last night. You gotta try this for real. Every day we eat it. Go to merriweather farms.com/ TUCKER, use the code TUCKER 76 for 15% off your first order. That's merryweather farms.com/ TUCKER.


So we'll get back to all of this, but I just want to return to the thread of what happened to you. So Obama gets elected, and you've gotta think because your, your real crime was calling the president a liar. Yeah, George W. Bush. You had to have thought that once he was gone, you know it was gonna be forgotten When, because What you said was true. That's right. And when my attorneys received this declination letter, my wife And I actually went out and celebrated that night. We went out and had dinner. I had no idea that three weeks later when Barack Obama became president, that that's when my trouble was really going to start. Obama initially named John Brennan as the CIA director.


Liberals were up in arms at the time, and so that, that nomination was withdrawn, you may recall. And he named Brennan instead, the Deputy National Security Advisor for counter-terrorism. John Brennan. And I always hated each other. I don't know why he hated me. I hated him for what were very clear. How Weird. He seems like such a marvelous guy. Yeah. Such a, such a sweetheart. I found him to be a very dark figure, very dangerous, willing to take risks that no one should take without appropriate congressional oversight. And frankly, I said this on your show one time, And I don't mean to sound like you know that guy, but I thought he was in over his head intellectually in that position.


He was not cut Out. When did you meet him? I met him in 1990 January of 1990. Over 35 years ago. Yes. Okay. So it's fair to say you Oh, I knew him very. You're not making this very, very well. In fact, when I was the executive assistant to the deputy director for operations, John was the, he first, he was the deputy executive director and then executive director of the CIA. So he was the number three officer in the CIA while I was the assistant to the number four officer in the CIA. So I briefed him every single morning and we just did not like or respect one another. So Why, why didn't you like or respect him?


First of all, I thought he was unqualified. Number one, John made a life in analysis, but he struck up a very close friendship with George Tenet. When George was at the National Security Council during the Clinton administration, George became the deputy CIA director, and then CIA director. And every time George got promoted, he promoted Brennan, but he promoted him into jobs that he simply wasn't qualified for, like the station chief and Riyadh, this is a guy that had been an analyst for, you know, 20 something years, and you're gonna make him the station chief. Not only has he never recruited an agent, he's never even met one. And that's who you want in charge of, of operations in Riyad, in Riyadh, all places.


One of the most important Yeah. Places in the middle, complicated Place. Very complicated. And then when he went back, he, he named him the Deputy Executive Director. So he's running the day-to-day operations of the entire CIA. The whole thing. It just didn't make sense to me. So you Thought that he was unqualified, but it sounds like you thought that he was morally unqualified also. Oh, I, I always believed he was morally unqualified. John had a reputation as being vindictive. He had once worked for a woman who didn't like or respect him, and she let him go. He got a job briefing George Tenet at the National Security Council.


And then when George was promoted, he promoted John to the point where he called this woman in and he fired her. Like, was that really necessary? You could take the high road. There's no reason to be that guy that you just go in and start, you know, trashing your enemies. But that's what he did. And there was a group of, there was a group of guys that, that came of age with him, and he all promoted all of them with, with himself, with his rising boat. They all went to the, to the top. And I'll tell you too, I was in operations at the time working for people who had spent 30 years in operations, and they disliked him with, with a special kind of passion.


And it was because they didn't respect him either. It was clear. Interesting. You, you said he was dangerous. I always thought that he was dangerous. Why? Yeah. That's a strong thing to say about somebody. Yeah. You know, I'm gonna get on my soapbox again, so forgive me, but we are a nation of laws, right? We're a nation of laws. And whether you like the law or you don't like the law, you have to respect it or you work to change it. You can't just pretend that the law doesn't exist. Right. Oh, we're the good guys. So let's, let's talk about the Torture Program for a second here. He is the number three in the CIA, and the leadership wants to implement a Torture Program.


Okay? We've got this thing called the Federal Torture Act of 1946 that says you can't do that. In 1946, we executed Japanese soldiers who had waterboarded American POWs. We executed, that was a death penalty offense to waterboard somebody. In January of 1968, the Washington Post ran a front page photograph of an American soldier waterboarding a North Vietnamese prisoner. The day that that picture was published, the Secretary of Defense, Robert McNamara, ordered an investigation that soldier was arrested. He was convicted of torture and sentenced to 20 years at Leavenworth. But then in 2002, like magic, it's all legal.


So Waterboarding's been around a long time. Oh, It's been around a long time. The Chinese actually invented waterboarding. Of course they did in like the 15th century. Can you explain water boarding for a moment? Sure. So a prisoner is strapped to a board with his feet elevated compared to his, his head. There's a something put in his mouth, like, like material, a cloth, burlap, whatever. And then water is poured on his face. So it's supposed to give you the feeling that you're drowning. In fact, in many cases you are drowning because a lot of water's getting past that, that cloth. In the case of Abbu beta, and we can talk about him later if you want.


We drowned him. His heart stopped beating and he had to be revived so that he could be tortured more. That's what waterboarding is. Why is it done? The idea is this is, this is a term that the CIA came up with. The idea is to instill the feeling of learned helplessness in the, in the prisoner, so that the prisoner is so terrified of you, so terrified of what you can do to him that he'll whimper as soon as you walk into the room and just confess everything that you want him to confess to. But the problem is that torture just simply doesn't work. This is a proven fact that decades of scientists and psychologists and psychiatrists have proven it doesn't work.


And so the prisoner will tell you what he thinks you want to know just to get you to stop torturing him. You know, we know from, from prisoners held in North Vietnamese prisons, American prisoners that when asked, well, who was on your ship? What were the names of the men on your ship? They would recite like, you know, the, the, the Pittsburgh Steelers offensive line from 1968, or just make up names or childhood friends just to get them to stop torturing. So it just doesn't work. So what was the process post nine 11 for, for waterboarding? I mean, I noticed that in the later reports, some of these guys were waterboarded, KSM, for example, 187 times 187 times.


So was, was he coming up with the offensive line of the Pittsburgh Steelers every time? Like, why would they keep doing that? Well, he even, well, he, they were con they were convinced that he knew the location of Osama Bin Laden and that he knew what the plans were for the next attack on the United States. Well, there were no plans for the next attack. Sometimes there would be, you know, 10 or 12 guys sitting around a campfire in Afghanistan saying, you know, we should do, we should attack, you know, we should attack the Chicago Stock Exchange. Oh yeah, that's what we should do. Okay. That's, that's not an, that's not a plot. That's just some guy at a campfire just throwing it out there.


So they were convinced that there was another plot planned and they wanted to get it. But 187 times, like, And KSM ended up confessing to the Daniel Pearl murder, which we, we know for a fact he wasn't even in Pakistan when Daniel Pearl was murdered. It's, and he confessed to it. He Confessed to it. And then when they showed him the video showing that it wasn't his arm that was sawing off Daniel Pearl's head, he's like, no, look, look at the hair on that arm. My arm's that hairy. That's my arm. No, you didn't kill Daniel Pearl. Stop saying They did a lot of hairy people in the region. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. So, but, but 187 times And Abbu beta 83 times.


They Waterboarded him 83 Times. But it was, it was worse than that. You know, there, there's this conventional wisdom that waterboarding was the worst. It was sort of the top of the, of the, the list of, of torture techniques. There, there were worse techniques. We, we killed people with other techniques. For example, the cold cell. So you, your stripped naked, you're chained to an eye bolt in the ceiling. So you can't sit or kneel or lay or get comfortable in any way. Your cell is chilled to 50 degrees Fahrenheit. And then every hour a CIA officer goes into your cell and throws a bucket of ice water on you. And people died of hypothermia. We, the Justice Department didn't say we could murder people.


They said we could use these, you know, different techniques. They didn't say we could use this cold cell that was just made up and People died. There was another one. Well, sleep deprivation. The American Psychological Association, the a PA, has published studies saying that people begin to lose their minds at day seven with no sleep. Yes. They, they begin to die at day nine. Their organs begin to shut down. But the CIA was authorized to keep people awake for 12 days and people just dropped dead as they're being kept awake with that eye bolt in the ceiling again. And strong lights and hard rock, you know, death, metal music, 24 hours a day on a loop, you go crazy and then your organs just don't work.


Do we Have any idea how many people died under torture? The CIAs never said they, it, it was in the Senate torture report, but it was redacted. So we don't know the number. What's your sense? At least a half a dozen Or tortured to death. Yeah, to death.


We're always looking for cool companies that make products that make you feel better. And that's how we ran into bond charge. Bond charge offers a wide range of products that improve your physical condition, help you sleep better, perform better, and center your mind, recover faster, maintain energy, et cetera, et cetera. They make blue light glasses, red light therapy, a lot of different products like this. And they help you address the trials of modern life effortlessly and naturally. Now, one of the things they make is a sauna. We could go on and be boring about sauna, take one every single day. But charge makes a sleek infrared sauna blanket. It's got a similar effect to a finished sauna, but without the intense heat. It's an easy and comfortable 30 minute session you can enjoy while relaxing with your family, talking to people, reading. And it leaves you feeling refreshed and slightly euphoric, but in a good, healthy way. It's a great addition to your wellness routine. You may even drop a few pounds doing it. Bond charge ships worldwide bond charge, whether it is B-O-N-C-H-A-R-G-E offers free shipping and allows for easy returns and exchanges. So go to bond charge.com/ TUCKER, use the coupon code TUCKER to save 15%.


Do you think, obviously you're very much part of this story. You went to prison because of it, so it's kind of hard to, you know, you have an interest in this. Sure. But as objectively as you can, do you think there was a lot of usable information produced by all this torture? No. Not by the torture. Listen, it, it's like a kick in my gut to have to compliment the FBI. It really is. You know, when I've had 22 FBI agents raiding my house and taking all my stuff. But if there's one thing that the FBI is really good at, it's interrogations, and they proved it with Abeta, they proved that if you treat a prisoner with respect and engage in rapport building and take some time to build this relationship, the prisoner will tell you everything that you want to know.


And that's what happened with Abeta. But every time the CIA would step in and begin torturing him, he would clam up like completely clam up. And then the FBI would've to go back in, try to reverse the damage and start the whole thing over again. So you gave that interview at the end of 2007, in which you said really just, it was pretty spare interview. It was, you didn't go into any detail. No. Investigation happens. It's dropped. Obama gets elected a month later. John Brennan, I interrupted you. I Had no idea that John Brennan asked Eric Holder to secretly reopen the case against me.


So why Do you think he did that? I think of all the problems that were Going out in the world, no other problems in the world. Right? I think for two reasons. Number one, he genuinely disliked me. And he has this history of going after people using lawfare, which now we all know what that means. Using Lawfare to take down his enemies. Number one, Lawfare understates it violence. I mean, they came to your house, they cuffed you, they threw you in a cell. Oh yeah. Like those are acts of violence, physical force they're using Very much so. Right? That's right. So if you'll do that, if you'll take a man from his five children and lock him in a cell for years, And they fired my wife just because she was married to me.


She was a senior CIA officer. Okay. So you've answered the question, how is John Brennan a dangerous man? So he goes to the then Attorney General Eric Holder and says, we need to reopen of all the problems that we've got, we need to make sure John Kiriakou goes to jail. Yeah. We, we received 15,000 pages of classified discovery in my case. But we found in that discovery, three memos, there was a memo from John Brennan to Eric Holder saying, charge him with espionage and Espionage. Espionage, which can be a death penalty charge. I might add. Who Are you spying for? Exactly. Who, Well, did they allege you were spying for somebody?


No, what they said is that I told the media that the CIA had a Torture Program. And so because the media published it, our enemies knew that we had this top secret program. But How is that espionage? I know It's not. So Holder writes back and says, my people don't think he committed espionage. Yeah. And then, and then Brennan wrote back and said, charge him anyway. And make him defend himself. Try not to use the F word. This is my new, this is my new thing. Self-improvement journey I'm taking. But it, it's making me mad hearing this because I mean, you were in pa I happened to be in Pakistan around the time You were very dangerous country. Oh boy. I wasn't, I wasn't even doing anything dangerous.


Oh no. It was super dangerous place. The most dangerous place I've ever been on, On Earth. Yes. At the time. Yeah. And so you're, it's not an overstatement to say you're risking your life, father of all these kids, to fight the war on terror against the Islamic terrorists. And now they're accusing you of aiding those terrorists, aiding The enemy. It gets worse. That's really over the Top. Oh yeah. I, I, I don't think I've ever told you this story, but when I was on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, I was the senior investigator. And so one of the great things about that job is you get to have lunch with diplomats from around the world and just talk about the issues of The day. You, you were working for CIA at the time? No, I was working for John Kerry. Yep. When he was the chairman of the foreign relations committee.


When was this? 2009 to 2011. Yes. So I got a call from a Japanese diplomat and he said, Hey, let's have lunch. I said, great. So we meet at a restaurant on Capitol Hill. His English was so bad that we had to do the lunches in Arabic. Right. He was an arabist. And I, I'm an arabist. And so we would have our lunches in Arabic. And I remember what we talked about in that first meeting. I know, it's absurd, isn't it? Did you And the Japanese guy speaking, speaking Arabic, Surprised somebody didn't call the cops. So we talked about the, the Israeli election. The Turkish election. We talked about the peace process.


I remember it very clearly. And at the end of it, he said to me, so what's next for you? And I said, I think I'm gonna resign soon. I promise Senator Carey that I would give him two years. It's been two and a half, And I have five kids that I need to put through college. And he says, no, don't do that. If you give me information, I can give you money. And I said, what in the world is wrong with you? Do you have any idea how many times I've made that pitch? Shame on you for cold pitching. Me. And I indignant got up and walked out. And I went directly without stopping to the office of the Senate security officer.


And I said, I was just pitched by a foreign intelligence officer, I need to report it. He said, was it that damn Russian again? And I said, no, it was Japanese. He said, Japanese, well occasionally they're poking around looking for trade secrets. So he said, sit at the standalone computer, write it up and I'll send it to the FBI. I said, fine. I wrote the entire thing as a memo. He sent it to the FBI. The next day he calls me and says, two FBI, agents are gonna come up. They wanna interview you. I said, great. I go back down to the security vault and these two young FBI agents come, I tell them the story again. And they said, okay, here's what we want you to do. We want you to call him back and invite him to lunch and try to get him to tell you exactly what information he's looking for and what he's willing to pay for it.


And because I'm a patriot, I said, do you want me to wear a wire or something? And they said, no, we'll just be at the next table. We'll listen to everything. You're Such a boy scout. I know, right? I love, well, kind of love my country, Mean everyone who lives in DC get, you know, has had something like what you described. But I've never heard of anybody going to the authorities over it. Interesting. So the morning of the lunch, they called me and said, something came up, we can't do it. So do the lunch and write another memo. So I did, And I wrote up a comprehensive report. I sent it back to the FBI. Then they asked me to do it a third time, a fourth time. And the fifth time, which I did. And in the final lunch, it was at a place in Georgetown.


Which Place? It was on Lower Wisconsin, the famous Italian place. Oh, Oh, where they give you after dinner drinks at the end. Yes. And it was such a great, the ladies in the front window making the pasta. Such a Great restaurant. Fina. Fina. Thank you. It's been forever. Sorry. I love fina. It's wonderful. It really is wonderful. So, so I I I do it. And in that final lunch, he says, I got promoted, I got my dream job. I'm gonna be the number two at the Japanese Embassy in Cairo. I said, congratulations. I shook his hand. I never talked to him again. A year later I've been arrested.


And we get discovery and we see that there never was any Japanese diplomat. He was an FBI agent. What? Trying to get me to commit actual espionage. But I kept reporting the meetings back to the FBI. And then there was a, there was a memo to Peter Str, who actually put, not Really Put the cuffs on me in, in 20 20 12, The Peter Str, the Peter Straka, he actually, I'll get to that in a second. But one of the, one of the FBI agents wrote to Peter Straka and said, we should end this operation.


He's clearly not gonna take the bait. No way. And I said to My lawyer, why would they do this? I'm a patriot. The FBI did that to you Because I hadn't committed espionage. We gotta burn B Government down, actually. Yeah. I mean that's, yeah. John Brennan specifically said, charge him with espionage. Well, I hadn't committed espionage, and so they're trying to get me to commit it so they can charge me. I kept reporting it back to them. So Who was the guy, the Japanese diplomat? Oh, no, he was just an, an Asian FBI agent who didn't speak a word of Japanese, but he did speak Arabic. So he pretended, oh no, You're blowing my mind.


He pretended to not speak English so that I wouldn't be alerted. Are you sure this happened? A hundred percent. It's all, it was all in the discovery. But Brennan said, charge him with espionage. And they were like, okay, well we gotta charge him with espionage. We have To create the crime in order to fit the charge. And what happened? They charged me with three counts of espionage. Wait, How can you believe any? So like, I have friends who have a, a lot of interesting information on the Oklahoma City bombing. Ooh. And my brain doesn't want to go there. Same with January 6th. Same with a bunch, bunch of different operations. The FBI has been involved in where it seems pretty obvious they're trying to get people to commit felonies, acts of violence, acts of terrorism.


And I'm like, I just, I, I can't bring myself to believe that that happens in the United States. Oh, but you're describing it. Oh, TUCKER, I was in prison with this poor guy. This guy was just a, just a dope. And he and a couple of buddies were in a bar one day in Cleveland and this other guy was there drinking with him. And he said, Hey, you know what would be fun? We should blow up the Route 82 bridge. And they were saying they were drunk. They said, yeah, that would be so much fun. I'll, I'll get the explosives. Well, he's an FBI informant. The FBI gives inert explosives. These idiots go out to the Route 82 bridge and try to blow it up. It doesn't blow up. And then the FBI comes out from behind the bushes. They got 20, 25 and 30 years in, in prison.


Why would they do that to these Guys? Why they, why would they do that? It wasn't their idea to blow up the stupid bridge. But, but why, why were they targeted? Because This is how FBI agents get promoted. They don't get promoted by not arresting you. They get promoted by arresting you and heaping charges on you so that eventually you go bankrupt and you give up and then they say, okay, here's the deal. We'll drop all the charges. But one, you take a guilty plea to a felony and then you do, you know, two years or whatever. But these guys went to trial because they said no. Well, it wasn't our idea. It wasn't our explosives. It was the FBI's explosives. And it was the FBI's guy that talked us into doing it.


We were just having drinks that night. We weren't gonna blow up a bridge. But that's, that's how they get ahead in Washington. That Is, but they, I mean, they're targeting American citizens for destruction. Sure, sure. That's what they do. You need to shut down the FBI right away. I would not object to that at all. And in my case, they charged me with three counts of this. What Is the fucking point of all of this? Yeah. Pay your taxes. I know, right? Hoist the flag on your front lawn. I do those things. Yeah, I do too. And, and then they try to destroy you.


Yeah. Like and your, because your crime is, you didn't like John Brennan when you both were junior guys at CIA. Yeah. And I 'cause you Correctly aired. Debbie Laundry said the president George W. Bush was lying. Was lying. 'cause he is a liar, unfortunately. And so, like, let's spend millions of dollars. All This $6 million of the taxpayer's money is what they spend on my team To destroy you. $6 million. And you Need a pardon right away from Trump. But, okay, but sorry, sorry. You're making me emotional. This is just too ridiculous. I've known you a while. I didn't Yeah, I didn't know the details.


Yeah, it was, Was ugly. Okay. So like, can we just go back so Sure. Bren orders this investigation. The second Obama takes office, goes to Eric Holder. Holder says, we actually, our staff attorneys don't think that he committed espionage. Then what happens? Like, do you know that they're investigating you again, No idea. No idea that I'm being investigated. So I'm going on my merry way. I'm trying to build a business in consulting. I have some big name clients. Things are starting to look up. In fact, I was going to New York so often that my wife said, you know, maybe we should buy a little Pieter there. So instead of staying in a hotel, 'cause things are going really well Right now.


You should, you should talk to a real estate agent. It was so exciting. Right. And then 22 FBI agents raided my house When? January 12th, 2012. 2012. 2012. They investigated me for three years. How did you know they were investigating You? No. And then when we got the discovery, but they Investigated you for three years. And this is now like quite a few years after. The only thing you've done wrong is you gave an interview to a b, C News saying three things. Right? The president lied. We had a Torture Program and was the third one. And the, the torture was, was and was approved, signed by the president. Yes. All true.


All true. And so for five, six years they investigate you without telling you. Now what were they doing to investigate you? They were, they had my phones tapped, actually, actually tapped. Yep. They intercepted all of my emails. And I'll tell you something funny about that For real. There's a service that you can pay like $36 a year called read notify.com. So if I wanna write you an email, I put, you know TUCKER carlson@aol.com.read notify.com. And when you access it, it'll show me TUCKER Carlson read your email. He read it for two minutes and 37 seconds.


He forwarded it, he deleted it, he filed it, whatever. And this is where he was located. And it has a, a, a town and it'll have sometimes geocoordinates. Damn. So I, I wanted to write a Freedom of Information Act request. 'cause I was thinking of writing a book about a a an author, a novelist from the fifties. And I wanted to know whether he had worked at the CIA. So I sent this Freedom of Information Act request. Actually, I, I, I called a, a journalist that I knew who writes these things every day. And I said, I don't want it to get rejected. So can you walk me through the process? He said, yeah, just send me what you have and I'll, I'll correct it for you.


So I sent it to him And I got a readify notification And I looked at it and it said, accessed in Washington DC And I said to him, I called him And I said, you're not in Washington today, right? And he said, no, I'm in la. Why? I said, because somebody just accessed the email and it's in Washington. I said, hold on. 'cause it has geo coordinates attached to it. So I took the geocoordinates, I put it into Google Earth and you know, Google Earth, it shows you the whole planet and then it kind of zeros in on the FBI's Washington Field Ops. No Way. And he said, are they looking at you or are they looking at me? I said, I haven't done anything. They're probably looking at you because you Didn't even know you were under investigation.


No idea. But they were looking at me and they were accessing all of my emails. They even followed my family and me into church, into Target to go shopping. And, and they would write these stupid reports, subject. And his family went to church, sat in the first pew hour and 15 minutes later, subject and family went home. All because you called the president a liar.


I was in a restaurant the other night, in fact this weekend. And I had a little trouble hearing what people were saying. And I thought to myself, I'm a little young to go deaf. Why? Well, because I grew up shooting bird hunting, target shooting. And I remember my father saying, just stick a Marlboro filter in your opposite ear and you'll be fine. I wish we'd had suppressors, but we didn't. You can now check out Silencer Central Silencers play a crucial role in improving accuracy, maximizing your experience and protecting your hearing. They're not dangerous or scary, it's just the opposite. Not using them can be dangerous. Have dinner with me in a restaurant and you'll know what I mean. Silencer Central can fix your problems immediately. They will find the perfect silencer for you and make it very easy to buy one. It's not the hassle you thought it was. I know. 'cause I just went through it. So you get approved and then Silencer Central ships your order straight to your door, no hassle whatsoever. It is easy. It doesn't get any better in fact. So if you thought it was impossible to shoot suppressed you were wrong, go to Silencer Central dot com Right now. Start browsing, use the code TUCKER 10 for 10% off your first purchase of Banish Suppressors. Highly recommended.


Did am I missing part of this? I don't, Brendan Brendan complained that I had aired the CIA's dirty laundry. But that was I think more of just an excuse to cover up his own, you know, narcissism. But I mean Right. But like airing dirty laundry, calling liars. Liars. Yeah. These are not crimes. No, They're not crimes. Exactly. There was no Crime. But am I missing something? I mean, did you kill anybody? Were you dealing heroin at all? Nope. Nothing. And then You didn't start some kind of fake cryptocurrency company. I wish I had thought about it. I'd be rich today. Yeah, exactly. Exactly right. I hope at some point we can talk about all the actual criminals who are Right now richer living in my neighborhood.


Right. Richer than ever. Okay. So, but you don't know any of this is going on. When do, when do you get confirmation that you're the target of an investigation? The FBI called me. I was sitting at my computer one morning writing an op-ed and the FBI called me And I looked at my phone and it said Federal Bureau of Investigation. And I thought, what in the world is that? So I answered it. I said, hi, this is John, may I help you? And he says, hi, this is special agent. I forget what, do you remember that case that you helped us out with when you were on Capitol Hill? 'cause remember, I didn't know that this Japanese guy was an FBI agent yet. I said, sure. This is so freaking bonkers. I, yeah. And he said, well, we have another case and we need your help.


And I said, 'cause I'm an idiot and a patriot. I said, anything for the FBI. What do you want from me? That's what I told him. He said, can you come down here tomorrow at 10? I said, absolutely. So I went at 10 o'clock And I said, what do you want me to do? I said, was This to the FBI building downtown? Yes. I said, is it what the Russians, who is it? Well, you know, before we get to that, he says, I wanted to ask you, you know, I just read your book, which was a lie. I had a book that had come out two years earlier. I just read your book And I just wanna ask you a couple of questions. And it was all about the Torture Program and I'm getting more and more nervous.


And finally, what Were the questions? Well, when you were in Pakistan and you were describing this, this piece of technology, did you get that cleared by the CIA? I said, of course. I got it cleared. I said, it took me nine months to write that book and 22 months to get it cleared at the CIA's Publications review board. Well, you know, what about this guy? You mentioned this guy. Do you remember? You just say, John Doe, do you remember his name? I'm like, yeah, I remember his name. And then I said, what, what, what are we talking about here? And then one of them said, well, we probably should tell you that as we're speaking Right now, we are raiding your house.


We're confiscating all of your electronics and holy shit, you're gonna be charged with a lot of crimes. What? That's what he said. And thank God Wait, As you were talking, they were raiding your house. My wife later told me that as soon as I got on the metro to go to the FBI, they just broke down the door. Was she home With our two month old son? Ah, Yep. And then one of the, one of the female lefts, I Don't think drain the swamp. I drain the swamp is not Please drain the swamp. It's not strong enough. It's burn It down's. Burn it down. Burn it down. Yes. You know, this is neither here nor there.


'cause my opinion's not important. But when Cash Patel was named the director of the FBII wrote an op-ed in a leftist at a, for a leftist news outlet celebrating this appointment saying this is exactly what we need to do. We need to tear the place down to its studs. If there's going to be a federal law enforcement organization, this one needs to be scrapped and rebuilt. And nobody else has the guts to do it. Yeah, let's build 'em in your headquarters though. Yeah. Yeah. In Kansas, maybe. Yeah. Leavenworth, Oh, excuse me, one final sentence.


I thank God that I had the presence of mind to say, I want, I wanna speak to my attorney And I'm not saying anything else. And that was the only reason they didn't put the cuffs on me right there. So I said, I wanna leave. And I got up and they said, just a minute. Just a minute. I said, no, And I'm not under arrest. That means I'm free to leave. And as I walked out, Peter Straka was standing there and he said, did he implicate himself? And the guy says, not really, but I'll tell you about it in a second. And he turned to me and he said, you're free to go. Did you have any idea what this was about? No. No idea. No idea. There. They, they charged me with, this Is like a bad dream.


It it was a nightmare. It was a nightmare. I, I went outside, I called my lawyer. He told me, come to the office immediately I went, told him everything that happened. He told me, try to take it easy. I said, this is a death penalty case. He said, just take it easy. They're not gonna seek the death penalty. What Penalty, what was happened? Did you call home and ask your wife what was going On? Yeah. And she was just wonderful. She, she was as calm as I wished I could be. And she said, the FBI's here. I said, I know. I said, are they treating you with respect? And she said, well, one of the female agents said, why don't you sit with that beautiful baby and don't get up, Don't you go fuck yourself.


Exactly. Actually, excuse me, sorry. Exactly. Yeah. Talking that way to your wife with a newborn baby. And then within hours, of course, they leak it to the media immediately. So within hours, all four of my clients, and these were like household name clients that I had for this consulting business. I was trying to get up and running. All four of them dropped me That Day, that day. And then immediately Profiles in Courage Award. Oh, I'll tell you the phone we got, we ca we counted, actually we got something like 65 or 67 calls from the media that, that night I just shut my phone off.


We unplugged the, we had landlines back then. One of the local networks put a truck in front of our house with a spotlight on the house. No. Oh. It was humiliating. Just utterly humiliating. And I just wanna say for the fifth time, because at this point, I mean, you're being treated like El Chapo. Okay. Yeah. Your only crime was an a b, C interview with Brian Ross in 2007, in which you say, yes, the CIA does have a Torture Program. I know. 'cause I worked there and the president authorized it and lied about it in public. That's, that's, that's your sum total of your crimes. That was it. I'm gonna cut to the chase here.


This is So unbelievable. So you go to your lawyer's office. Yeah. You find out you're being charged with espionage. I called my wife. She came and picked me up And I told her, I'm gonna kill myself. This is a death penalty case. I haven't done anything wrong. Ugh. And she's like, you're not gonna kill yourself. Let's just take this one step at a time. What did the lawyers say? And then we started taking it from there. When did you get arrested? January. January. No, four days later. That was on a, ah, so this is another trick that they use. And they did this with the J six people. The FBI loves, loves, loves to make their arrests on Fridays right?


Or Thursdays after five, because there are no federal arraignments on Fridays. So you get arrested on a Thursday evening, and you have to spend Thursday night, Friday night, Saturday night, and Sunday night in jail. And then you get to go to arraignment. Did that Monday? No, only because I asked to see my attorney. And so they told me I had to turn myself in at the FBI Monday morning at 10 TUCKER, when I tell you I had these guys on me from Thursday to Monday, like white on rice. I mean, six feet off my bunk, my bumper, everywhere we went, even one of my neighbors called to say he had gotten up in the middle of the night to go to the bathroom.


And he looked out the window and he said, buddy, they're like, carloads of people out there at three o'clock in the morning just staring at your house. And I said, I know, I know. It's the FBI, there's nothing I can do. And so they followed us like there were FBI cars on either side of us and behind us as we drove to the FBI that Monday morning. And then when I got out the car and walked into the FBI headquarters, they broke off. And then they ch they chained me to a, to a metal bench. So I'm, I'm like this actually with a handcuff. I, yeah. Yeah. And I said, and STR was there. Oh yeah. He was there and, you know, but I didn't know, I didn't know he was Peter until I got a call in 2019 from a reporter at the Washington Post 20, no, no.


2017 Reporter for the Washington Post. And he said, Hey, I wanted to get your thoughts on Peter Straka being fired from the FBI. I said, I don't know anything about Peter Straka other than what I've read in the Washington Post. He said, no, Peter Straka arrested you in January of 2012. I said, that was Peter Straka. He said, yeah, it was Peter Straka. He was the head of the Counter Intelligence division. It was Peter Straka that wrote the reports on your arrest. He's the one that physically put the cuffs on you. And I said, oh my God. I said, yes, I'll give you a statement. He said, what's the statement? And I said, the statement is that, the statement is that karma's a bitch, and now it's his turn.


Yeah. So all they printed was, now it's his turn. I think he wound up getting like a million dollar settlement, Actually. Yeah, he did. And there was a GoFundMe. He got richer. He got richer. And there was a GoFundMe that raised another half a million dollars. Yeah. This is, so, it's a nightmare. So, okay, you're charged just to Yeah, three counts of espionage, three Counts of espionage, one, but not specifying who you spied for. Nope. There was never even an accusation that I had had spied for anybody. One count of making a false statement. We were never exactly sure what the false statement was supposed to have been. It had something to do with the clearance process for my book.


And one count of violating the Intelligence Identities Protection Act of 1982. Did you reveal the identities of anyone? Here's that story. In the summer of 2008, six months after I blew the whistle, I got an email from a, a, a journalist who was writing a book on the CIA's rendition program. I told him, I don't know anything about renditions kidnapping was not my thing at the agency. I can't help you. So he sends me a list of a dozen names. He said, can you introduce me to any of these people so that I can interview them? I said, I don't know any of these people. Then he sent me a second list of the a dozen names, And I said, look, you clearly know this better than I do.


I don't know any of these people. And then he said, there's a guy that you mentioned on like page 165 of your book, you called him John. Can I mention, can I interview him? And I said, oh, you're talking about John Doe. I, I don't know whatever happened to him. He's probably retired and living in Virginia somewhere. They got me. I confirmed the surname of a former colleague. That was it. That's the Intelligence Identities Protection Act of 1982. And they knew that because they were listening to the call.


Well, it got worse. They didn't recognize that as a violation until the journalist who wasn't really writing a book gave the name to Human Rights Watch. Human Rights Watch, gave the name to the Guantanamo defense attorneys. The Guantanamo defense attorneys wrote a classified motion telling the judge at Guantanamo, we'd like to interview this John Doe. The judge said, Hey, this name is probably classified. He gave it to the FBI, they gave it to the CIA. The CIA gave it to John Brennan. This Is crazy. What do you mean? The journalist wasn't really writing a book.


He was pretending to write a book on the Abu Omar rendition from Milan. There really was no book. He was really working for the Guantanamo defense attorneys as kind of a private eye without telling anybody what Yeah, Man. The level of treachery hanging Around. Yeah. Well, welcome to Washington. It's, it's that bad. Oh, I'm very aware of that. It's, yeah, I'm so glad I'm not there anymore. Oh my God. I can't wait until I, the day I can leave. It's like nothing is as it seems. Everyone's lying. Everyone's pretending to be something he's not. And underneath it all is the willingness to, to hurt people, to kill them.


I mean, yes. Yeah. Yes. Exactly. It's not just like, you know, we're competing and I'm like, elbowing you out of the way. I'm gonna get that promotion before you do. It's Like if you, if if I need to make sure you die in prison, that's okay. That's really Sick. Speaking of which, I took a plea to make the, the, first of all, they waited until I went bankrupt, and then they dropped all three of the espionage charges. Okay. So what were you facing initially? You get charged, you get 40, 45 years. 45 years in prison. And one of the, one of the attorneys in, in the Obama Holder Justice Department, said to me at the first proffer meeting, they offered me 45 years.


And this woman says, take the deal Mr. Kiriakou, and you may live to meet your grandchildren. Who, what? Do you remember her name? I don't, I remember she had a Vietnamese name like Ian or Tran or something like that. But she ended up like getting promoted in the Biden Justice Department. Really? It became very, very important. Yeah. Yeah. I hope, I hope that she becomes famous for that, because I hope so too. That level of cruelty to another human being is there's no justification for that. And They wanted me to die in prison. That was the plan. And so my attorney said, you haven't done anything wrong. We're gonna go to trial. Right. We're gonna go to trial. And I said, okay, let's do it.


Let's go to Trial. Can I said anyone alleged that you lied? Ever, ever. Never. Never. And you know, that's a really important point. And we talked about that. We talked about me testifying in my trial because literally everything I said was the truth. In fact, fast forward to December of 2014, I'm gonna be released from prison in six weeks. And I called my wife And I was allowed to call her for 15 minutes every other day. And I said, how was your day? And she said, it was great. And I said, great. Why was it so great? And she said, because the Senate torture report came out today, and it proved that everything you said was true. So I said, you know what?


That made it worth it. So you Went to prison, you were facing life in pr actually, you're facing the death penalty initially. Yeah. Death penalty. Because you told the truth about other people's lies. Correct. So the truth teller, and I'm just, I wanna put a very fine point on this because I think it is a trend, And I think it's a sign of evil. You know, the definition of evil is lies lying. And the truth teller faces death. The liars thrive. Yes. So that's a system that can't continue. That's not a virtuous system, that's an evil system. You're exactly right. And may I add a, a statistic, the Espionage Act was written in 1917 Yes.


To combat German saboteurs during the first World War. Yes. W 1917 being one of the darkest periods in American History. One of the, when it comes to civil liberties, one of the darkest periods, the Most anti and most un-American moment. Yes. Really, with, Without any Question, probably one of the worst presidents we ever had. Woodrow Wilson double Without any question Yeah. Destroy Christian Europe for no reason at all. Yes. Right. Yeah. It, the espionage has never been meaningfully updated. In fact, it doesn't even mention the words classified information, because the classification system wasn't invented until the 1950s. Most Americans didn't have electricity in 1917. Exactly right. Right. Between 1917 and the election of Barack Obama, three Americans were charged with espionage for speaking to the press under Barack Obama.


Eight people, almost three times. All previous presidents combined were charged with espionage for speaking to the press three times. And None of them was charged with lying. Not a single one of them. Because Lying is not a crime. That's right. Telling the truth is a crime. That's, that's all you need to know. That's it. There. You can't support a system in which telling the truth is a crime, and lying is rewarded. Sorry.


Pretty much every day we hear from desperate American retailers all asking the same question, when can we start selling the world's best nicotine pouch out? What? We finally have an answer Right now. We're opening up wholesale orders for stores that wanna be the first to carry out. It's super easy. Go to Alp Pouch dot com slash wholesale and sign up. We'll send you cases of ALP and your customers will be grateful. Don't wait until they start begging for ALP before they start moving to another store down the road to get the ALP beat. The crowd. Get ALP now. Alp Pouch dot com slash wholesale.


I mentioned to you last night, privately that one of my attorneys really put this whole thing into a couple of sentences, and it was so powerful, so profound. What he said, that it has stuck with me. I decided to turn down the Justice Department's best and final offer of two and a half years in prison. I said, I haven't done anything wrong. And I, I had this stupid idea that as soon as I get in front of a jury, they're gonna see how ridiculous this is, and I'm gonna be acquitted. Well, that's nuts. Yeah. So he said to me, you know what your problem is, your problem is you think this is about justice, and it's not about justice.


It's about mitigating damage. Take the deal. And so I took the deal. What was I gonna do? I have five kids at home, should I take two and a half years? I'm gonna do 23 months, or should I roll the dice? And I said to him, I said, if I turn the deal down, what am I realistically looking at here? And he said, 12 to 18 years, take the deal. Years. So I took it For telling the truth in an A, b, C interview. How long was that a BC interview? 30 minutes, 40 minutes. If, if you had to replay your life, live it again, would you have done that?


Yes, actually. Wow. I would have, the only thing I would've done differently is I would've had my attorney sitting with me. I I had to be reactive by hiring an attorney after blowing the whistle. So we had to respond to the media and respond to the Justice Department. I would've hired the attorney first. But yes, somebody had to say something, somebody, it, it's these, these bush people and the Obama people who covered up the bush administration's crimes that were the, that were the criminals. The amazing thing is that Barack Obama, I mean, I was there. I mean, I knew Obama. He ran against all that stuff. Yeah, He did.


Right. Iraq was the bad war. Afghanistan was the good war. And he, he ran a campaign against that, You know, but He ended up throwing into prison. The guy who told the truth about it, Mark Halper and John Hyman wrote a book about the, well, both the 2008 election. The 2012 election. And in the second book, they quote Obama twice saying things that just put it all into perspective number one. He said, I never said I was a liberal. Like, why are the liberals so mad that he's a warm mongering? You know, NeoCon, I never said I was a liberal. He said, and the the other thing he said that really struck me, he was talking about the drone program.


He killed 10 times more people with drones than George W. Bush did. And he said, you know, I never realized I would be so good at killing people. He's a cold human being. Like, what is That? That's, that's sociopathy. Yeah. Well, for sure. You Have to be a sociopath to, to even think that way. Yes. But he surrounded himself with other sociopaths like John Brennan, who for sport, would ruin people's lives to the point where they're actively considering suicide or making plans to die in prison. These are Americans. He's doing this To Americans, Clearly a man capable of great violence. And you, you wonder if he's involved in plotting physical violence against Americans Now, would not surprise me at All.


I would not be surprised by anything anymore. You know, when President Trump, I had to laugh when President Trump stripped him of his security clearance. I went on one of the networks, well, I went on Fox, but I think I also went on M-S-N-B-C that week to say, why does John Brennan deserve a security Clearance? Exactly. Why don't I have one? It's a Private citizen. Do you have one? I don't, I don't either. See, So why does John Brennan get one? I agree. So I said, of course, the president should strip John Brennan of the security clearance. And then when he disallowed Brennan from entering into a government building, I went on Fox and they said, is this legit? I said, of course it is. This guy is so dangerous that he shouldn't be anywhere near a federal building with what we know he's plotted in the past.


God knows what he's cooking up today. No, I wouldn't trust him in a federal building. I wouldn't trust him in a position of trust, And I wouldn't trust him with a security clearance. He's dangerous. Well, all these people have security clearances, which really are the currency in Washington. Very much So. You conduct business without one in DC because everything is classified. That's right. Not to protect American national security, but for the obvious power advantage it gives the, the holders of those clearances. That's right. So, you know, I, I think there should be a real attempt to do that to a lot of people. Agree. Like a lot of people. But there won't be no, as You know. No, there won't be. So anyway, you, you plead, you get how much time I got, 30 months.


And at sentencing, my attorneys ask that I be sent to a minimum security work camp. There, there are no bars on the windows. Right? There are no locks on the doors. You're free to come and go. Most of those guys worked in town at the local university, sweeping the floors or whatever. And there was a, there was a possibility that I, I could get out in 17 months with good behavior and halfway house, not halfway house, but home confinement. So I said, okay, I, this, this will be easy. So I get to the prison. It's very strange when you go to prison, if you're not remanded at sentencing, you have to physically drive to the prison and knock on the door and say, yeah, I'm here to turn myself in for prison.


The opposite of a jailbreak. Yeah. It's, it's nuts. It's nuts. And of course, I've got, you know, two cars with me. There's a, a documentary film crew, and my lawyers and my cousin, and we, we have this caravan that, that, that go to the prison with us. So you've already said goodbye to your children. Already said goodbye to my children. What was that like? They were very young. And so I said, I said, you remember I had that fight with the FBI? And they said yes. And I said, well, I lost. And so I have to go to Pennsylvania for a while and I'm gonna teach bad guys how to read and write because I figured I'd probably teach a GED class or something.


And I said, but you're gonna come and visit me all the time, and then I'm gonna come back home and everything's gonna be great. How old Were They? They were eight, six, and one Your little kids. And so, eight, six, And one. At, in the visiting room, there was a sign on one of the doors that said, inmates only. And my 8-year-old said, dad, what's an inmate? And I, without thinking, I said, it's a prisoner. And he said, wait a minute, are you a prisoner here or are you a teacher here? And I said, Ugh, buddy, I'm a prisoner here, but we're gonna get past this.


It's gonna go quickly and I'm gonna be home and everything's gonna be good again. Ugh. It took everything I had not to Ah, it makes Me emotional. Yeah. Oh, that's bad. Yeah. I'm out of adjectives actually for that. So you didn't wind up in the work camp? No. The CIA under John Brennan, who was, he was Director by this point. No, but he was soon to be director. And actually 2012. Yeah. He was director at that point. Yes. Yes. Thanks for correcting me. The CIA objected. They objected to my placement in a minimum security camp. Well, they're vindictive, aren't they?


I guess ask Julian Assange how vindictive they're, And and well, I got there. Exactly. Exactly. Ask Julian Assange. They almost killed him. So Under Mike Pompeo plotted his murder. Literally, who's Still free, by the way, is Mike Pompeo in jail? I haven't seen in the announcement that he, are You allowed as an appointee to a government not elected, just an appointee? Are you allowed to plot the murder of people who embarrass the agency? You are. I'm not. Oh, you're not allowed. Okay. You are not. You can't. So you can't use federal funds to murder people who embarrass you. Only if you're Barack Obama. But anybody else know you can't do that. So if You do that, have you committed a crime?


Yeah. A serious crime. A serious crime would be attempted murder, I think plotting a murder. There's A former CIA officer Bob Bear, who was, who was given AdChoices to either be charged with attempted murder, or resigned from the agency for talking to a Kurdish group about killing Saddam Hussein. So why wasn't Mike Pompeo arrested for talking about or planning? He did more than talking. They planned to murder Julian Assange. I don't know. That's a whole different conversation. I hope he threatening to sue me for saying that. Well, But the facts are a defense. I hope you will. I hope You will. There you go. Discovery would be fun. Anyway, sorry. So I, It's also in Frustrating.


So you say goodbye to your children. I do. I say goodbye to my children. See, I make certain you don't go to the work camp, you go to a prison. Yeah. It was five days before I got access to a phone at the prison. And I called, what was that? My lawyer. The first five days. It was, you know, looking back, I think I was in shock. Did you think about fleeing? Everybody does. Yeah. I don't know that I would submit to that. I mean, I, you know, you never know until you're there. But I mean, you're, you find yourself constantly looking at the fences, constantly calculating how bad you'll get cut up with the concert wire. No, I mean, before you report to prison, did you think, like, I served this country, I grew up here. You're from a, you know, middle class family pro-America.


No. You never thought about fleeing the country? No. Why? No, because I was right. And they were wrong. And you know, the truth, TUCKER always has a way of, of coming out. Always. Sometimes it takes a while, but the truth always comes out. And in fact, the, the, the deputy director for operations at the CIA under Brennan, Jose Rodriguez, another notorious murderer, tweeted at me the night before I left for prison. And he said, don't drop the soap. He actually tweeted that at you. And I tweeted back at him And I said, Jose, I am on the right side of history, and you are not. These People are morally diseased.


When Michael Avena, who I mocked for years, as the creepy porn lawyer went to prison, I felt sad for him. Sure. Know, Becausecause, You're a human being. I despised him, but he's in prison. Ever been to a prison? I've been to many prisons. Yeah. You don't want to be in, you served in prison. You don't Want to be in prison to, To cheer when a man goes to prison. And your only crime was embarrassing them by telling the truth. Whatever happened to the Jose character, C-M-S-N-B-C contributor, he Took his $6 million book advance and moved to Florida. Actually, Doesn't this, I mean, why are you not insane? I know there's a lightness to you that Thank you. And maybe I'm an idiot, but I really believe that I'm on the right side of this.


And I'm hopeful that President Trump will, pardon me. I have a, a an amazing amount of support. IISI hope that you get a pardon this afternoon. I really do. Thank you. This is horrifying. His enemies are the people who did this to you. Yes. He ran against this kind of Yes, he did Behavior. And he write it with the J six people, with Rod Blagojevich. I wrote Rod Blagojevich a letter when he went to prison. This is before I was ever in trouble. Yeah. I wrote him a letter And I said, you don't know me. I don't live in Illinois, but this is a travesty. It it was, I remember There's no crime that was actually committed.


Oh, I know. And then 14 years have people lost their minds. I know. But the president, you know, you And I were talking about this privately, the president has been unlike almost every other president in that he's not waiting for the political safe period to issue pardons right after an election. Right. He just issues them as they, they come to him To Pardon Mark Rich because he's sleeping with his wife. Precisely. For example. Precisely. You know, who else did that? Historians have told us, historians have documented that Abraham Lincoln used to sit up late into the night pardoning people by candlelight, because he said, for example, that army deserters shouldn't be executed for cowardice.


I agree. He didn't wait until after a congressional election. And neither does this president. Yeah. The British army disgraced itself by they, they murdered a lot of their own men. Yes, they did. Who snapped. Cowardice is contemptible, of course. But you shouldn't kill a boy because he runs away. Exactly. It's Disgusting. It's disgusting. It's like get, you know, regain your senses for a second. Yeah. So anyway, the first five days you were in shock. I was in shock. I was in prison for 40 minutes. And the only thing that the cop who processed me said to me was, if somebody comes into your cell uninvited, that's an act of aggression.


And I said, great, thank you. And then he walked away and sure enough, these two guys walk in. One of them had a swastika that took up his entire neck, came up onto his face, the other one had, fuck you tattooed on his, on his eyelids. It's like kind Of a movie. It was nuts. And I jumped up And I said, what do you want? Because I thought, it's two of them. It's one of me, but I'm, I'm gonna do my best. You Got to, yeah. And the one with the swastika said, are you the CIA guy? And I said, yeah. So, and he said, are you a fag? And I said, no, I'm not a fag. You know, I haven't even said that word in so many years, but we're Not in Georgetown anymore.


And he says, are you a rat? I said, no, I'm not a rat. I didn't have anybody else in my case. And he said, are you a chomo? I said, I don't know what that word means. And he goes, chomo, like I'm stupid chomo child molester. I said, no, I'm not a child molester. And he says, okay, you can sit with the Aryans in the cafeteria. And I said, oh, okay then. And you know, funny thing, a year later, I I, I lived right across the hall from, from a senior captain, the number three in one of New York's five families. Right. And he said to me, good guy, good, great guy. Not even good guy. A great guy.


I would give him the, a good fellow. Really? He was a good fellow. I'd give him the New York Times every day he would give me the New York Post. So we traded papers every day. Perfect. So, you know, he got a Christmas card one year from Derek Jeter that really impressed me. Derek, I've met Derek Jeter. Nice man. Sweet guy. Yeah, Absolutely. So anyway, he said to me, let me ask you something. Why do you sit with those Nazi retards in the cafeteria? I said, I, I don't know. My first day here, they told me to sit with them. And he says, very dramatically from today, you are with the Italians. And so, from that day I was with the Italians.


And You're still friends with some of them? I, I am. We were talking about a dinner last night. We, we, we talked frequently. Good guys. Yeah. I, yeah. That was a misapplication of federal power. It's like, I, you know, obviously you don't want, you know, organized crime. On the other hand, like if that's your number one con well look at what has happened to America Post Mafia. Has it gotten a lot better? Oh, no, it hasn't. I Don't think so. No, it hasn't. Now. Bensonhurst has not improved. No, it hasn't. I no, I'm aware. I'm aware they did a better job with Staten Island than the current rulers have. So at this point, your case is Wellknown not Well, it's known.


Okay. I was, I'm in the media, so I sort of following it, but I don't really know. It's a leak investigation. You've somehow betrayed your country. Right. That's all we know. Right. But there are some people who are paying attention and they're making a lot of noise. But they, but it doesn't matter. No, it doesn't, it doesn't matter. You know, it's funny, my support came from people on the hard left Yes. And people on the libertarian. Right. Right. It it led me to the conclusion that the ideological spectrum is not a straight line. No. It's a circle. Yeah. And it meets at a certain point Yes. Where civil liberties are concerned. I agree. And so I started following other people's cases that would never have interested me in the past.


And it was always cases dealing with government overreach, like reassessing Ruby Ridge. Right. Or, or Waco. I mean, I mean, Ruby Ridge was really just absolutely murdered. The guy's In cold Blood child and his wife and his wife shot his dog, Randy Weaver, because his shotgun was two inches too short or something. Yeah, that's right. Lon Ucci, I think was the name of the FBI sniper. I wanna say it again. Lon Ucci Murdered them in cold blood And shot a woman. Really? Yeah. A woman who was standing in The door holding a baby, I Think holding a baby. That's right. Yeah. And that was, and by the way, that was not only never punished, Lon Ucci was never punished for that.


He should have gone right to prison for murder. And his superior should have gone right to prison for authorizing that murder. But it was like, at the time, it was like, oh, were you a Ruby Ridge person? Like, you care. Right. Like you're a wacko or Something. So you're some kind of right wing extremist. Yes. If you I was a right wing extremist. So I knew about it And I was really bothered by it right wing in the sense that I, I believed in the Bill of Rights. I don't think you should be able to sh murder women for no reason. Like people, People began sending me books by John Whitehead. And I remember just blowing through these books saying, why have I never heard of this guy before? No, I Know. I mean, he's talking sense here about government overreach.


Yeah. Case after case, after case All documented. I have that book on my shelf in my office, Government of Wolves. It's unbelievable. But the media, not to blame everything on the media, but it is kind of the mouthpiece of the blob. Yes. It's, yeah. The pretorian guard, really, the protectors, the bodyguards of the murderers and the liars. They just, man, they swarmed anybody who expressed concern about these cases. That's right. They try to paint you as a radical, A conspiracy theorist. Conspiracy theorist. A term that was created by the CIA, by the way. Yes. You shot the man's wife. So this, So you, you views And I should have done a, people can Google you And I hope that they will, but it's hard to overstate the departure that this turn is from the rest of your life.


Oh, yeah. Which is, you weren't a CIA paramilitary, you were an actual, just like o officer. Case officer. Yeah. Case officer recruiting spies to steal secrets. Multilingual, you speak Greek, you speak Arabic, which is like considered basically impossible for native English speakers. You're a scholar, literally. And, and kind of an academic in some ways. I mean, right. I, I'm, I'm a professor of intelligence studies now at the University of Salamanca in Spain. And I taught for, for four years at Liberty University in Lynchburg, Virginia. Right. And it's funny, when they called me to hire me, I said, I said, wow, I'm flattered, but you And I probably disagree on 99% of the issues.


Why would you want me to teach in the Jesse Helm School of Government? And the dean said, because torture's not Christian. That's It certainly isn't. And I said, you know what? I'll take the job. Certainly isn't. And I love those guys. I'm still in touch With them. Killing unarmed, defenseless people is immoral. It is. And It's also just dishonorable in the most secular terms. That's right. If a man is handcuffed, you don't punch him in the face because it's bad for him. But it also degrades you. That's Right. It does. You it's Degrade how honorable men behave. PTSD and moral injury are real. I totally agree. We damage ourselves. It's Also disgusting. Like what, what is this anyway, I mean, I sort of believe that the, the country was good because it was virtuous and like we Right.


Certain things we don't do because we are above that. We don't send our wives to go fight wars for us. No. We don't torture people who are chained because they can't fight back. That's right. What is this anyway? What, what is this? And then what happens when you go in and you say, oh, I accidentally killed him. Oh, well just bury him out back. That's literally what they did. Actually bury him out back. Yeah. It's just hard to make a moral case for the things that you're doing when you behave that way. Agreed. And, and, and to see, once again, the only man who tells the truth face the penalty and the liars thrive is really dispiriting.


It is. I'm confident things are gonna turn around. I think so too. I I hope so. I pray that. Thank you. So how long were you in prison in the end? 23 months. I didn't get a single day of halfway house time. They made sure that I did every day of that sentence. They had to take seven months off for good behavior. They had to, because it's, it's legally mandated. But I was in that prison for every last day that they could get out of me. Were any elected officials sympathetic at all? Yeah. Well, yes, but none were really willing to go out on a limb.


Gus Bill Reque, who's a congressman from Florida, he was very supportive and friendly. I, I should add it wasn't just Gus, Gus is, is a sweetheart of a guy. It was the whole Greek American community. Say, man, they're cohesive. They are. We stick together. Oh, I, I'm aware of, Yes. So they, they really went to the mat for me. I got fantastic press coverage in Greece. The Greek government hired me to help them write a new whistleblower protection law. When I got outta prison, it was my first trip. I had to get permission from the judge to travel because I had just gotten out of prison. So that was fun. But really, no. And, and Jim Moran, who was a, a democratic congressman from Yeah, Jim was very helpful.


Very, very helpful. But that was it. Besides the two of them, Moran was, I don't even know if he still alive. I knew Moran pretty well. Yep. Drank too much Florid and wild private life, like crazy town. And I disagreed with them on all domestic policy issues passionately, because he's very liberal. But his foreign policy views were out of the mainstream. Yes. He was not a NeoCon. Right. And boy, watching the job they did on Jim Moran, how many times did they pioneer him? Jeremy ran against him. Gould's that who? Just like on the merits. So Jim R seemed like possibly hadn't honored his marriage vows and Right.


Drank too much. Okay. Okay. And he was like a loud mouth, and he was always ready to beat people up. He was like this big Irish guy. Okay. Got it. Those were his sins, as I understand them, the people who were against him and like, committed genocide. Yeah. Right. Right. And they were like, it was crazy. It was crazy. And they systematically destroyed Jim Moran's life. They did for asking like, pretty obvious questions. Like, why did nine 11 happen? Right. No, they don't wanna talk about that. Should we know, I Mean, you'd think, Assuming that it was exactly what they told us it was, which was this group of 19 Arabs, mostly Saudis decided to, you know, attack the United States, whatever. Let's just say that's true.


I'm assuming it is true. Why did they do that? Why were they willing to die for that? Like, what were they mad about? That's question. What were they mad about? That's what Jim Moran asked. And they're like, you, You can't ask that Question. Oh, by the way, Jim Moran. Yeah. And then they like plastered. They, they Glenn Greenwald him. Yes. Big time. They did. And they kind of drove him out. Yeah. And I think they, he lost his seat in the end. He retired. Oh, he did? Okay. And he, he's at a political consulting firm. He still McLean Virginia. I ran into him at a conference about a year ago. No way. Yeah, he's, he's a lovely man. He really is. I Always secretly liked him. I had him on, I interviewed him a lot. And he would get, you know, per his, the ethnic stereotype, he'd get like red in the face, Like Spit would come out.


But I does, I kind of like, you know, he was like a, I liked him. Yeah. Still, sorry. Not to. And Gus Reiki is one of those guys who's just a genuinely nice guy. He, and he's actually, he's quite an accomplished legislator, which he doesn't get a lot of credit for, but he's a good guy. And So, you know, a fellow Greek American needed some help and he was there to help. Wow. Have you ever had any contact with CIA since you got out of prison? No. No. Well, not other than sending articles and books in for clearance, right? No. You know, when I got outta prison, I finished house arrest.


I had 90 days of house arrest. And, and people started calling me, Hey, let's meet for lunch, or let's have a pizza, or whatever. And every time I would go to meet them, I'd be under surveillance. And the first few times Still, yeah. But from whom? It, it had to be the FBI, it could have been the CIA. On What basis could they justify surveilling you? They sent you to prison for an ABC interview And it, and it's done. It's all done. I'm just gonna go have a pizza. And Moreover, by this point, a congressional investigation has confirmed that you were telling the truth. You're exactly right. And this is just, this is now in Wikipedia, But Barack Obama was still in the White House. Now why did the policy mad at you?


Hadn't Changed. I don't think he knew who I was one way or the other. I think that Brendan went to and said, there's this very dangerous guy, insider threat from the CIA. He leaked to the press, and Obama just said via con, you know, He's a cold man. Yeah. He doesn't care. No, he doesn't Care. So part of the reason that this has to be precedent, they cannot allow a CIA officer to break Ranks. This is what's very dangerous. There, there actually was a legal precedent that was set in my case. And it was, it was one of the things used against President Trump in the documents case I was charged in the Eastern District of Virginia, which is called the espionage court for a couple of reasons.


No, I'm Aware. Yeah, no, no. National security defendant has ever won a case there ever. And it's the home of the Pentagon, the CIA. Oh, of course. All the defense contractors. So we made a hundred motions to use, a hundred classified documents that we received in discovery in my defense. And we asked the judge to block off three days to hear our motions. And we walked into the courtroom and she says, I'm gonna make everybody's day much easier, and I'm gonna just deny all 100 of these motions. You can't use any of these documents in the case.


And my lawyer said, your Honor, it's, it's our whole defense. You're saying that we can't mount a defense. And she said, classified is classified, So you can't use the classified documents to defend him. So as we were walking out, I said to my lawyer, what just happened? And he said, we just lost the case. That's what happened. And I said, well, now what do we do? He said, now we talk about a plea. So the government charges you with the death penalty offense and then gets to decide what you can talk about in court. In fact, they made a list of words that I wasn't allowed to use in court. Like I could not use the word whistleblower. I had to use the words swimming pool.


There's a whole list. So Swimming pool, Because the word whistleblower in and of itself, they deemed to be classified. And so I couldn't say I'm a whistleblower. On what grounds, how is it Classified? They, they say, they say, so it's a Secret word. So they invoked something called the sippa, the Classified Information Protection Act. So they would clear the courtroom every time I had a hearing, they would put plastic tarp over the windows and tape it up so nobody could shoot a laser beam at the window and listen to the vibrations and hear classified information. There was the list of band words like whistleblower Wait.


Yeah, whistleblower. Absurd. So The, the physical security of the United States dependent upon you not using the word whistleblower. Yeah. That was it. And so my lawyer said to the judge, well, the judge said his reason for blowing the whistle is irrelevant. The question is, does the intelligence community say that he violated the espionage Act? The answer is yes. And my lawyer said, your Honor, are you saying that a person can accidentally commit espionage? And she said, that's exactly what I'm saying.


Who is this judge? Her name was Leoni Brima. She was a Clinton appointee. Was she not bright or was she just so committed to the status quo to the Intel community? Oh, she's committed. She reserves every national security case for herself. They're supposed to go into a wheel Right. And be chosen randomly. She had Julian Assange, she had the Ed Snowden case, which never came. She had my case. She had Jeffrey Sterling, another CIA whistleblower. Every national security she had Zacharias Saui, the 20th hijacker. So she reserves these cases for herself and everybody gets the maximum. So she said in response to my attorney That she sounds like a scary person.


Oh, she was, she was terrifying that the definition of whistle first, she said, I'm not respecting a precedent set in the federal district of Maryland. She's not respecting it. In the Tom Drake case, where the judge ruled that there had to be some harm to the national security, there was no harm in my case. Nobody was harmed. Literally, the name that I confirmed was never made public. Never. So nobody was harmed. So she says the definition, And actually you were speaking out against harm. Yeah, I was speaking out against harm. She says, the, the definition of espionage is providing national defense information to any person not entitled to receive it.


Period. So ev That's espionage In her view. I mean, it may be illegal, but it's not. Espionage is spying For a foreign country. Correct. Daniel Ellsberg called me. He And I became very close friends over this whole thing. And he said, I'm gonna ask you to do something that's completely selfless. I'm gonna ask you to go to trial because we can only challenge the constitutionality of the espionage act if somebody goes to trial and is convicted. I said, Dan, I have five kids. I can't go to trial. So he asked Jeffrey Sterling to do it.


Jeffrey did go to trial, was convicted. The judge saw that this conviction was kind of trumped up. And so he was convicted of nine felonies, including seven counts of espionage. And to use her words, I'm giving you Ku plus 12 months. That's what she said at sentencing. I'm giving you Ku plus 12 months. Who Is he alleged to have spied for? No one. He gave, he gave an interview to the New York Times about the, the racial discrimination suit that he had filed against the CIA. They passed him over for a promotion just because he was black. And then they had the temerity to tell him, we're not promoting you because you're black.


And he said, when did you realize I was black? The irony is that there's a lot of espionage in Washington. A lot, Apparently. Yeah. Well, there, I mean, every, is every intelligence service in the world has its officers in Washington, but They are also people who work for the US government, who without any kind of authorization Sure. Give highly relevant, classified information to foreign governments. Yes. Yeah. I, I know every day. I know that for a fact, And I know people who've done it. And none of them is in jail. No, No. None of them. None of them is in jail. And It's also fair to say the US government is penetrated by foreign actors.


Yes. Yes. And it has been for a long time. Yes, I'm aware. And I don't think anyone goes to jail for that. No. Right. You know, I tried a couple of times to get a pardon under president's Obama and Biden, thinking that most of my contacts in the Greek American community had access to those presidents. I was laughed out of the room under Obama, And I knew I would be under Biden. There's a Greek Orthodox priest who very generously offered his access to the White House. That can I just, it's just note parenthetically, I don't think there are a lot of Greek liberals left.


No, there aren't. There used to be. There used to be, used to be almost all liberals. Yeah. And they've, they've all moved, I've noticed. I don't think I've met a Greek liberal in a long time. No, They're, they're just not out there anymore. Yeah. So he said, look, you know, I've known Biden since the early seventies. I, I, I can help you. And then nothing. And I called him And I said, father, forgive me for being so blunt. But maybe if I had been, you know, a crack head relative of the, of the president or a Chinese spy, or a a judge that sold children into bondage in Pennsylvania, maybe then I would've had a chance. But Joe Biden doesn't wanna hear about a case like mine.


And the truth is, And I I mentioned this to you yesterday, my support comes exclusively from the Republican party, the libertarian movement and the conservative movement. And I embrace it. People like, that's just Wild though, because They're the ones thinking about civil liberties now. They're the ones thinking about individual freedoms. You know, what's his name? Hakeem Jeffries the other day said, Vladimir Putin isn't a vowed enemy of the United States. No, he's not. That's a NeoCon position. When did he take a vow?


He said he was an n vowed em enemy. When did he take a vow? That he was gonna be an enemy of the United States? No. Stop trying to, to lie us into a war or trick us into a war. But that's today's Democratic party. Oh, I'm aware. It's, are you, do you think, I mean the, the kind of casual cruelty in violence in the CIA that you describe? I, I haven't seen any meaningful attempt to stop it. Oh, no, no, no, no. I agree very strongly. Do you believe that the CIA has hurt other American citizens? Yes, I'm sure of it.


Yes. What about physically? Well, there are two very well-documented cases where Barack Obama used a drone to murder Anwar Alaki. Yep. And whether you like the man's politics or not, he was an American citizen who had never been charged with a crime. And then a week later, Obama drowned his 16-year-old son and 14-year-old nephew who were sitting in a coffee shop having a cup of tea. Also, American citizens who had never been charged with a crime and they were children. So yeah. The CIA does all kinds of things like that. What About domestically? Well, you know, I keep thinking back to Eric Holder's testimony before the, the Senate Armed Services Committee.


When Rand Paul asked him, does the president have the legal authority to murder an American on US soil? Well, Senator, you know, just answer the question. Say yes or no question. Yes, he has the authority. Now, has he done that? We didn't know, but the Attorney General of the United States said that the president can murder an American citizen in the United States if the president believes that he presents a clear and present danger to the national security. That's sick. It's, It's Unbelievable. It's anti-constitution constitutional, not just unconstitutional.


It's anti-constitutional. Do people who work at the CIA have a sense that maybe they're not serving good? Generally? No. Generally these are, I mean, at the working level, these are hardworking, really smart, patriotic people. Some of 'em are really smart. I can confirm that. Yeah. Really smart. At the upper levels, you know, they believe they're the smartest people in the room. They're smarter than whoever happens to be president at any given time. And if they don't like this president, eh, they just wait him out. He'll be gone in four years. They'll still be there in their still senior positions, and they're gonna do exactly what they want to do.


You know, this is why they panicked when Ronald Reagan named an outsider as the deputy director for operations. Boy, remember, Do I remember? Yeah. They Lost it because they were like, oh my God. Okay. You, you appoint your campaign manager, the director, that's one thing. But now operations, you're gonna bring a friend from Wall Street or wherever he was. He was an attorney. Yeah. Yeah. I would, I think that's when they called in Bob Woodward to, to blow them up. Right. The former Naval Intel officer, Bob Woodward. Oh, I'll tell you. Not, not the only time Bob Woodward has been called in by the, by the National Security state to destroy Americans. Well, when I was, when I was the deputy direct, the, the executive assistant to the deputy director for operations, I had, I had just finished writing a cable.


I had this lovely private office, and it looked out past the secretary into the hallway. So I finished writing And I leaned back like this in my chair, And I happened to be looking at the hall. And Bob Woodward walked by And I said to the secretary, was that Bob Woodward that just walked by the office? And she said, yeah. And I said, without a security escort, like he owns the place. And she said, you didn't see the memo? I said, what memo? She said, George, George Tenet. She said, George sent a memo saying that Woodward's writing a book and we're all ordered to cooperate with him. I said, I'm not talking to Bob Woodward. I couldn't believe it. It, He's just a great reporter.


Come on John. He's free to Let's go shoe leather. He's not, You're talking about people that have been undercover or deep cover for decades. And he is just walking the Halls. He's not an instrument of the government. He's a, he's a counterbalance. He's a check against their overreach. He's a, he's a journalist. They're, they're gonna run with that. It's so absurd. I was shocked. What, what did you think of Bill Burns? I wrote an op-ed when Bill Burns was appointed A former ambassador to Russia. Yes. And then up until January, the ca a director, I said that I disagreed with his position on Russia as I think every freethinking American should, but we needed an outsider in that job.


Ha. Having insiders is a mistake. You know, Obama proved that having insiders Clinton proved that it's just a mistake. It's incestuous and they feed on each other. Yes. So you needed an outsider. Bill Burns was one of the most highly respected ambassadors that we had in the State Department. Yes, that is true. And I, I called him the adult in the room, And I thought, you know, if we have to have a Washington Insider in that position, he was a good choice. Yep. That, that's, that sounds right. From everything I know about him. When you worked there, did anyone ever talk about the murder of the president in 1963?


Yeah. Oliver Stone, And I got into quite a spirited argument about this one time, because I made the mistake of saying that I didn't think we had given enough thought to, to the involvement, the, the possible involvement of, of Santo Tante and, and the mob. And he said, oh, you're so full of shit. He says, and he just started yelling at me. I came to my own conclusion. I talked to Bobby Kennedy about this too, actually. He's the one that pushed me over the edge and, and led me to this conclusion.


I believe that elements of the CIA were responsible for, for the assassination of the President. I don't agree when people say it was a CIA operation, because John McCone was the head of the CIA. Yes. And he was Bobby Kennedy's best friend, a Name forgotten to history, but Yes, that's right. And a, and a good and decent man. But there were a lot of people, unfortunately, one was a Greek American who Very famously, very, Very famous Greek American. His name does not bear repeating who hated John Kennedy for not providing air cover for the Bay of Pigs. Yes. And wanted revenge against Kennedy.


And these guys were still in constant touch with the Dulles brothers, who were also just dark stains on American history. And so I, I ca came to the conclusion that yeah, there were CIA officers who were responsible for carrying the stain out. Did you think that when you worked there? No, I didn't. Hmm. In fact, I thought it was so absurd. I couldn't believe people were even talking about it. Really? Yeah. Yeah. It's like, we're the good guys. Yeah. Why would we kill the president? I thought the same. Why haven't all the files been released? I genuinely don't know. For, for JFKI think they have been. No, they Have not.


They have not. No. That, that frightens me. You know, there were a couple of explosive revelations in the last tranche. The fact that James Angleton, the deputy director for counterintelligence, wanted to recruit to formally recruit Lee Harvey Oswald is exactly the opposite of what the CIA has been telling us for so many years. Yes. For, for 60 years. Why, if, if the Russians came to the conclusion that he was just a nut when he was living in Minsk and didn't want him to come back, why was the CIA involved or interested rather, in, in recruiting him?


What was he doing in Mexico City in October of, of 1963? He, he said, or not, he said, but the, the CIA has said over the years that he was there to go to the Cuban and Soviet Embassy to try to get Visas visas. Why was he meeting with Americans? And were those American CIA officers? Of course they were. Why else would he have gone to Mexico City? Yes. I'm actually more interested in the RFK and the MLK documents. There is so much that we don't know about those two. Especially RFK, they recovered one more bullet than Sirhan Sirhan's gun held and Thomas Nucci.


And this is confirmed. Yes. And Thomas Nucci the, well then That's kind of case closed then. There it is. Right. I mean, we, we don't know what happened. We know the official explanation is untrue. It's Untrue. So it, 'cause it was a revolver, it was a 22 caliber revolver. Correct. It's like a nine shot. That's right. 20 twos fit a lot in the cylinder. Is that I did not know that. Yeah. And Thomas Nucci, the coroner Yeah. Said that the, that the death shot came from behind. Yep. At an angle from, from down on the ground. But Sirhan was in front of him. Yes. There was a, there was a security guard there who was not associated with the Kennedy campaign or with the Ambassador Hotel.


Yeah. The Ambassador Hotel named Caesar. He was a well-known racist and white supremacist. On video, you see him lifting a gun out of his belt, and then you hear bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang. And he puts it back in the belt. He never got it fully out in the nineties, the National Geographic Channel tracked him down to Mississippi or Alabama or something, and they interviewed him and they said, did you shoot Robert Kennedy? And he said, no, I was going to. But that Arab fellow got him first. Well, we know that there had to be somebody else in the kitchen at the Ambassador, and we know that the shot came from behind.


We know that there was a second gun because there were too many bullets. So why hasn't this been released? Yes. And and it raises the really obvious question, which was, I mean, we know Sirhan had a gun. Yes. Fired. Fired the Gun. Yes. Film. Correct. Lots of people there, including lots of famous people. Rosie Greer and Yeah. Rosie Greer. Yeah. Right. So God bless him. So Kennedy had just won the California primary. Johnson had announced a few months before that. He's not running. Bobby Kennedy clearly is going to be the Democratic nominee. He's murdered that night after his victory speech. That's right. Walking through the kitchen of this now demolished hotel in Los Angeles.


Yes. Sirhan Sohani, Christian Palestinian from a very poor family, was arrested for it. His apartment is searched and there are all kinds of papers where he writes, RFK must die, RFK must die over and over again. What w He has said he's still alive, by the way. Oh, yeah. And still in prison. Yes, he is. And I mean, that was before I was born and I'm 56, so it was quite some time ago. What was that? Well, that's the $64,000 question. Yes. Because now there are rumors that when he was at whatever it's called, Los Angeles Community College or whatever, the, the community college there was, that he may have participated in experiments that fell under a CIA operation, then known as MK Ultra.


Yes. So what's the truth now, M Director, director Helms, during the Nixon administration, or during, I guess it was the Ford administration ordered that the MK Ultra documents be destroyed. Which they were, which they were after being specifically told it's a crime to destroy federal documents. Yeah. They don't belong to You. Right, exactly. Do you think it's, and this is a debate about, you know, a lot of different people in Lewisville and West and the CA affiliated psychiatrist. Right. Do you think it is possible to get people to commit acts that they wouldn't otherwise commit?


I do. You Do? I do. Yeah. You said there are a lot of shrinks at at CIA. Oh my God. There, there are offices where everybody is either a psychiatrist or a psychologist, and they're operational psychiatrists and psychologists. So you take them with you on an operation to consult with them on how do you get this guy to crack? You want him to just lose his mind. What do I need to do to push this guy over the edge? Right. Or what do I need to do to convince this guy to do something that he definitely doesn't want to do? I used those, those shrinks on operations. We even hypnotized one guy. He was hypnotized with his arm in the air for two hours, never saw anything like it in my life. And then when he took him out of the hypnosis, his arm fell down.


He looked around, he said, what happened? And then he vomited. I've never seen anything like it in my life. So people did, did it work? It did work, yeah. We asked him, I'm getting a little off the subject, but we asked him about, no, this is definitely a subject, a political assassination that had taken place that he had claimed to see. So the guy didn't speak any English. So the the shrink is asking questions, and I'm translating the questions as softly and as gently as I can. Right into Arabic. Yes. And I'm asking him, what did you see? Well, the guy had stopped at a mosque at this little small roadside mosque to relieve himself.


So he's behind a tree and a car pulls up, and it's these people who had been identified as the shooters in a, in an assassination that had just taken place. And I said, so describe the guys. And he's describing what they're wearing. And I said, what kind of car are they driving? They're driving a van. I said, does the van have a license plate? He said, yes. I said, can you see the license plate? And he go, his eyes are closed. And he goes like this. And then he reads off the numbers and letters to me. So I hand it to another officer that was in the room, runs into the next room, does a cable to the Country Intelligence Service.


It comes back stolen plates. I said, my God, he, he actually did see the plates. The plates were stolen specifically for use in that assassination. Amazing. So you can convince people to do things that they otherwise would never dream. So mind control is not a sci-fi fantasy? No, no. MK Ultra did far, far more damage caused just grief and, and misery to hundreds of people, maybe more. And there are subsets like MK Chi wit, and there there were like five or six other sub operations that were part of MK Ultra that, that just, you know, caused people to jump outta windows and commit suicide.


Yeah. Jump off bridges. Well, The Defense Secretary did. Yeah, he did. James Forestall Yep. Committed suicide. Yes, he did. Well, sure he did. Yeah. Quite, that's quite an amazing story. I don't think that's on Wikipedia. No. So, but I would encourage people to look into that, because that is definitely worth knowing about. Is it possible to infect people with cancer? Not while I was there. People talked about it a lot, but They talked about it a lot. Yeah. Like, do you think it's possible? Can we do it? I mean, you know, if we could do it, what would we do with it? And this is something that the, that the Venezuelan government and the Cuban government have both accused us of doing.


Oh, yes. When, when I was there. And Many governments around the world believe that that is real. Yeah. Now remember, I, I left 20 years ago, so who knows, I don't know. Is, would you describe the CIA as an intelligence gathering agency? Not Anymore. No. It used to be the, the deputy director for whom I worked was very fond of saying, and used to say this all the time, the job of the CIA is to recruit spies to steal secrets and to analyze those secrets so that our policy makers can make the best informed policy. Okay. So I thought that was the whole idea behind creating the agency.


Right there. Yes. That was it until nine 11. And then it became a paramilitary organization. You know, the, the, the director gave a speech the other day in which he said that we need to focus on human source intelligence. True. Every director says that when he becomes the director. But the truth is, what they would rather do is fancy high tech, you know, science stuff, satellites and drones and, you know, computer intrusions and stuff like that. They're, they're not really in the business anymore of recruiting spies to steal secrets. They should be, but they're not, This is not directly related, but we know, 'cause it's public information that somebody bet big against United Airlines and American Airlines Right.


Before nine 11. So people knew it was coming. Now the people who planned it knew it was coming. Yes. Do you think that those bets, those stock bets shorting those airlines, that Al-Qaeda did that? No, I don't think Al-Qaeda did it. I think that in, In other words, who else knew it was coming? I Think there were intelligence services out there, foreign intelligence services that knew it was coming, but it was in their interests for the US to be at war. I think that's where this came from. Did you think that when you worked there? No.


And I'll tell you why. On July 6th, 2001, totally normal day, I was entertaining a group of Middle Eastern intelligence officers, which we did every day. They come in, we do a day of briefings, we exchange gifts, they get a photo op with the director, and then we take 'em out to a fancy This is at Langley? Yes, at Langley. So I had this group of, of Arabs that day. And I had gone to this very young junior analyst on Al-Qaeda at the Counter-Terrorism Center. And I said, Hey, I've got this delegation. Can you come in and give us 30 minutes on Al-Qaeda? He said, sure. So it comes time for the briefing.


And instead of this junior analyst showing up KO for black shows up, huh? With the chief of Operations. And who was Topher, black KO for Black was the director of the CIA's counter-Terrorism Center. Later Ambassador KO for Black. He was the special coordinator for counter-terrorism at the State Department. Then he went on to black water and, and great, great wealth. So I jumped up And I said, oh, I said, gentlemen, this is KO for Black. He's the director of the Counter-Terrorism Center. And this is the chief of operations for the Osama Bin Laden group called Alex Station. And I mean, I, I had no idea why somebody is important. And as busy as Kofa would come in, he sits down and he says, he starts off by saying something terrible is going to happen.


We don't know exactly when or where, but we're hearing communications from Al-Qaeda that tell us that something big that we've had we've never seen before is going to happen. We're hearing code words for a huge attack. The honey salesman is coming with vast quantities of honey. There's gonna be a, an enormous wedding, there's gonna be a great football match. We're hearing Al-Qaeda Camp Commanders on the phone with their students, and they're crying and saying, I'll see you in paradise. He said, we have no idea when and where this attack is gonna come. He said, I'm begging you, if you have any sources inside Al-Qaeda, please help us.


And they just kind of sat there and, you know, looked at each other and he got up and he shook their hands and walked out. So at the end of the day, I'm thinking about this all day, at the end of the day, yeah. I send them back to their hotel. I said, I'll pick you up at the hotel. We'll take you, I'll take you to dinner. But I went back to ER's office And I said, I said, Cofer, I wanted to thank you for, for coming and talking to those guys, but I have to ask, were you serious? Or was that for their benefit? And he said, oh, I'm, I'm dead serious. Something terrible is gonna happen. And then it happened on the morning of, of September 11th, Kofa And I had a meeting scheduled with Condoleezza Rice for the stupidest idea.


Now, in retrospect, the government printing office was going to print a volume of declassified cables called Foreign Policy of the United States. 1949 to 1967. Greece, Turkey, Cyprus, nobody's ever gonna read this thing, right? Not, not one person. No. Even the cypriots will ignore it. Not interested. Right. But it mentioned three people who were still alive, who had been informants for the CIA. And the law says that if they are outed, we have to offer them resettlement. So rather than go through that whole rigmarole, we made an appointment with Condi to ask her to just National Security Advisor.


National Security Advisor. Thank you. To just remove those three cables. Nobody's gonna miss 'em. 'cause nobody's ever gonna read this book just in case. So I walked over to ER's office to tell him that our car was ready and his secretary, well see you were at Langley that morning early. I was, I was there early. And his secretary had a small TV on her desk. You couldn't watch TV on your computer in those days. And I said, what happened to the World Trade Center? And she said, A plane flew in into it. And because I'm an idiot sometimes, I said, you know what? That happened once before in the 1930s, a plane flew into the Empire State Building, but it was really foggy and raining that day.


It's so crystal clear today. How can you not see that you're flying into the World Trade Center? And then the second plane hit and she turned to me and she said, did you see that? Or did I imagine it? And I ran back to my office. I said, guys we're under attack. Two planes just hit both towers of the World Trade Center. We all ran up to the front where ER's office was. And you have to imagine this big bullpen where there are maybe 150 or 200 people in, in partitioned, you know, cubbies. And then there are private offices all around the perimeter. And then there are TVs hanging from the ceiling above ER's office on, you know, B-B-C-C-N-N, Fox Canal, plu, RT from all over the world.


And they're all showing the same thing. And there's silence. And then somebody behind me shouts, will somebody please lead? And Cofer said, oh yes, Y you go to the director's office and tell him this. Y you go to security, you go to operations. And the rest of us are like, what do you want us to do? Evacuate? Nobody's evacuating. Literally not a single person evacuated. Finally, the, the CIA cops came in and said, if you don't evacuate, you'll be, you'll be arrested. So we evacuated. I got about halfway home, had to abandon my car. So I started walking. Why? It was gridlock like, like World War Z like the end of the world, you know, I mean, on, on the George Washington Parkway, which is four lanes, it's like 12, 12 cars wide.


And everybody's just parked That parkway passes right. By the Pentagon. And, and that's right, right by the Pentagon. When I got to the Teddy Roosevelt Bridge, I lived just up from the Teddy Roosevelt Bridge. I saw the Deputy National Security Advisor with no shoes evacuating. And I said to this guy next to me, how could this happen? That's the Nat, the Deputy National Security Advisor. Yeah. He ran out of the White House without shoes to save himself. I ended up my, my, my ex-wife And I, we climbed to the roof of my building.


We, we were engaged at the time and we watched the Pentagon Burn for a little while. And finally I said, this is ridiculous. We, we have to get back to work. And so I walked back to my car, drove across the median, went back to CIA, and, and stayed there for the next four days. I just slept under the desk hour or two hours at a Time. And your fiance also worked at CIA? She did the same thing. I mean, and then, you know, the world changed and your life in particular changed. I could never, ever have predicted the changes either for me personally or for the CIA in the country. So you didn't think is one of the only Arabic speakers at the counter-terrorism center at CIA and Langley, of course you knew you would play a, a significant role in what came next.


I expected that. I would. And you did, but you never expected you'd go to prison, Did you? Never. Not in a thousand years would I have said, ah, I'll do the prison experience for the little while, see how that works out. So I just wanna ask you one last question. The, of all the things you've said, which I've known you for a while, but I'm, and we just had dinner last night, but I'm, I'm shocked by some of the things that you have said actually. And I grew up around this stuff And I'm still shocked. Right. So the story that you told about the fake Japanese diplomat trying to set you up is, is, is remarkable. That's a remarkable story. Sick. It. What is sick. It's unbelievable that they would do that to an American citizen, particularly one with a demonstrated record of serving the country at personal risk.


So, but outrageous aside, it does sort of reframe your understanding of how things actually work that happened to you. That's a real thing. Yes. Provable. And you said that it had in fact changed your view of how things actually worked and you, you'd reassessed your understanding of things that had happened in American history, and then maybe they're not exactly what they seem to be. That's right. Can You, can you go into a little more depth about what you're thinking now? The, the short version is, I have come to believe very strongly that Ronald Reagan was right when he said that government is the problem. It's not the solution. Yes. To the problem. He was right. He recognized it and the rest of us failed to see it.


So now when I hear about standoffs, let's say between American citizens and the Bureau of Land Management, for example. Yes. Or a TF or DEA, I no longer believe what is reported in the media. I no longer believe the strategic leaks that come from whatever bureau or agency to spin the story. I, I've gotten to the point where I'm obsessed with doing my own investigations. Yes. And I read all source material because the truth has to be out there somewhere.


I just feel like I have to put it together for myself. So now when we talk about the Kennedy assassinations, or RFK, I mean, or MLK or as we said earlier, Ruby Ridge or Waco, whatever it is, I I default to doubting the government account. So you worked for the government during Waco? That was my first day working at a newspaper. So I remember the chaos in the newsroom when that happened. So that was 93. 93, that must have been the spring of 93, correct. Is that right? Yes.


So boy, over 30 years ago. But you worked for the government then? I was at the CIA at the time and it was on every TV in the CIA. And I remember looking at it, not really having an opinion, and my boss saying, well, it's about time they finally moved on that operation. So what was that? Boy, that's really a forgotten moment in American history. So there was a religious sect known as the Branch Davidian. So that's what we called them. That's right. A guy called David Koresh, that was his cult name Anyway. And they were accused of mistreating children. Yes. Which I, maybe they were, I have no idea. Hoarding Weapons And hoarding of course. And hoarding weapons. And they were surrounded by federal agents at their compound in Waco, Texas.


And that standoff culminated in a shootout, which federal agents were killed. Yes. And ba most of the occupants of that compound were burned to death. I it was something like 27 of them and half of them were children. Yeah. Like young children. Yeah. I think it was maybe more than 27. More than 27. Yeah. It was, it was a lot. It was awful. But what was it? Was that more than what we were told it was, do you think I Well, the spin was this was a dangerous lunatic and he had to be stopped before he used those guns to go out and kill people. The truth of the matter is, you're allowed to buy as many guns as you want. Yeah. I've proven that. Yep.


I have. Good, you're not allowed to buy guns because you're a convicted felon. I'm a Convicted felon. And you've done nothing wrong. And I really hope you received that presidential pardon, soon Because, and, and on top of losing my, my gun, I lost my pension. The, the Obama Justice Department seized my federal pension. Why? 20 years of proud service. $770,000. I'm gonna have to work until the day I die. Only a pardon? How could you have worked at CIA for all those years and not wound up rich? Yeah. Right. I have to say that is the story that no one ever tells. And I just know it from my per just personal life, just living in DC my whole life.


They're all rich. Have you noticed this? They Are all rich. How? Why are there all these former officers who are rich, Some of them, excuse me, some of them get enormous book advances. Others make this odd transition into venture capital or consulting, or butts in the seats. Kind of, you know, Booz Allen style firms, a lot of them go overseas and stay overseas. So the CIA pays for everything. The only thing you pay for is your phone bill. And they just invest, invest, invest for 30 years and come out with plenty of money.


I've lived in nice neighborhoods for a long time and they're always CIA people on my street. Always, Always. Half of McLean, Virginia is CIA. Yeah. In the District of Columbia and Florida. And it's just like a lot like legit rich. Yeah. Rich. Is that, that's not a good sign, is it? No. No, it's not a good sign because you're not supposed to capitalize on, on a position of trust. Not when you have the power of life and death over people's. That's what bothers me. It's not just like people from the labor department or commerce who are like leveraging their skills to riches. It's like people who have information that they're the only ones legally allowed to possess true inside information and the power to kill people.


That's right. Like that's one category with No questions asked. May I add one thing? Yeah. I recently received, I recently received an email from someone I had never heard of, but this is the third such email that I have received And I wanted to mention it. So of all things I re I received it through eBay. Right. I was selling something on eBay and somebody saw that. 'cause I, I'm an open book, so I'm just like John Kiriakou on eBay. Yeah. So I, I received this thing through eBay and it says, dear John, it's so nice to finally speak to you.


I've been watching your YouTube videos And I love all the content and I've been wanting to reach out to you for many years. I'm one of the FBI agents who wants to personally apologize to you for the disgraceful way that the FBI and our federal government treated you. I worked on your case with both headquarters and the Washington Field office team And I know many of the personnel that you're familiar with. Unfortunately, that case was directed and driven by senior most officials, many mid-level and street personnel were against it. But nevertheless, we just followed orders. Anyway. I've always felt bad about what we did to you and for the way you and your family were treated. And I want to personally apologize. Well, God bless that man. Do you think that's real?


Yeah. Yep. Two other FBI agents sent similar emails to my attorneys. They're sorry they did as they were told. It's nice. But do you Worry about anything further happening to you? I did for a long time. Yes. I, there were people inside the Justice Department with whom I was friendly, who said, Ooh, the CIA's really mad that you only did 23 months. Like they really wanted you to die in there, so be on your best behavior. 'cause they're watching everything you do. And then that wore off about two years out of prison. I didn't see the surveillance anymore.


Never got any funny emails. As soon as I got home, I was home for a couple of days from prison And I got an email from a guy who claimed to be an attorney saying he had some classified information that showed a crime and he wanted to send it to me. And I said, don't you dare, I don't want any classified information. Call the FBI and give it to them. But I figured it's just some nut trying to set me up. So anytime I had a question, I would just call the lawyers, refer people to the lawyers, and then it ended up just going away after a while. So the Story that you just told over the last couple of hours is very distressing. Yeah. To hear as someone who grew up in this country, believes in the country, loves the country, I can't even imagine what it must be like to be you.


And yet you tell it complete without bitterness and no self pity whatsoever. How have you been able to maintain emotional equilibrium, wisdom, perspective, and peace in the middle of everything you've been through? Oh, thank you for asking that. When I was in prison, I read constantly, including biographies of Martin Luther King and Nelson Mandela. And I thought, wow, what these guys went through. And they just forgave over and over like Nelson Mandela, especially the way he was treated and kept in solitary confinement on, on Robin Island. And, and he forgave. And then there was a biography of a 20th century Greek Orthodox Saint Saint called Saint Nios Nina.


And he had been the Greek orthodox bishop of Alexandria, Egypt and other priests who were jealous of his rapid rise accused him of having an affair with a nun. And so he was stripped of his office. He never attained high office again, but he forgave everybody for what they had done to him. And he hadn't done it. No, he hadn't done anything. And I thought, you know what? These people went through so much more than I did. It was so much worse for them. And I've become friendly with one of the former prisoners at Guantanamo, Mohamedou Slahi, the CIA kidnapped Mohamedou from Nia while he was attending his cousin's wedding.


We tortured him mercilessly for 14 years. 14 years. And then we decided, eh, wrong guy, let him go, actually. Yeah. Which happens with more frequency than you might think. And so when he got out, he went onto Twitter And I tweeted at him And I said, Mohamedou, you don't know me, but my government will never apologize for what it did to you. So I want to apologize. I am so sorry for what happened over the last 14 years. And his attorney called me and said, would you be interested in a conversation? I said, absolutely.


We've been friends ever since. He actually lectures to my, my grad school class at the University of Salamanca. He comes on Zoom. The, the poor guy couldn't go back to Mauritania. He was afraid they'd kill him. No country wanted him because he had been in Guantanamo for 14 years. Finally, the Dutch said, we'll give you citizenship. And so he has gotten married, he has children, he's got an education living happily ever after in, in the Netherlands and zero bitterness. And I said to him one day, he said to me in front of my class, what you just said, you're not bitter at all for what? Ha. And I said, me. I said, you, you're like Mandela, how can you not be bitter after what we did to you 14 years?


I was 23 months. And he said, what would bitterness accomplish? Nothing. He said Bitterness would put me right back into that cage And I don't wanna live in there. So that's the position that I've come to take. There's A very, that's, that's a rational explanation of it. And I think, I think it makes total sense. I think it's true. But forgiving people is kind of the next step. Right. Which we've also done. And I like what's the purpose of that? I've forgiven for myself. I I'm sure that John Brennan doesn't give two shits if John Kiriakou forgives him.


But I feel better having that monkey off my back. Yes. So I did it for myself. I don't care what John Brennan's feelings are. And John Brennan, as you described as a grudge holder, he is the Opposite. Oh yes he is. And a prisoner of that. Yes. John, I really appreciate all the time that you've taken to tell your story today. I appreciate You giving me the opportunity And I hope that you are vindicated in the Thank you To the fullest extent. Thank you very, very much attention back. Thank you. Truth telling should be rewarded, not Punished. It should be, you know, like I said, I, I'm very, very fortunate, blessed to have the support of people like you and Dr.


Phil and Bruce fine and Brett Tolman and Doug Deon and, and people who understand the import, not, not just to me, but the import to all Americans of protecting our civil liberties from a government out of control. We have to make sure that we never go back there. You Have to reward the truth and punish lies. And if you invert that, then it's the system you can't live under. That's right. 'cause it's evil. It is. It's evil. John, thank you. Thank you very much. We wanna thank you for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day. We know the people who run it. Good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bells So you never miss an episode.


We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter. Telling the truth. Always, you'll not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell. We appreciate it. Thanks for watching.