
Welcome to Tucker Carlson show. It's become pretty clear that the mainstream media are dying. They can't die quickly enough, and there's a reason they're dying. 'cause they lied. They lied so much, it killed them. We're not doing that. Tucker Carlson dot com, we promise to bring you the most honest content, the most honest interviews we can without fear or favor. Here's the latest. So when you, you, you texted me, when was that? When did you text me about this? I texted You probably, I sent you the audio of it probably four months ago. So I'm not a, you know, a musician or a musical performer or anything like that. So I don't, you know, I have no idea what's, you know, what the market wants or anything like that. But when you said you were, you'd written a song about Revelation, I was like, well, legitimate book of the Bible.


But it's the one that preachers don't teach that no one really wants to read. And I'm thinking I don't. That's so great. I couldn't wait to talk to you about it, but yeah, I didn't think that anyone, It's an uncomfortable Book. Wanna Hear that? Ask me. So Tell the story, like how I've never heard of anybody doing something like that. Right. First of all, what is Revelation? Revelation was written by the Apostle John at the end of his life when he was basically a castaway at that point. And he started receiving visions and prophecies and he wrote down what he saw. And a lot of what he saw, he gotta remember, he only had his life experiences to try to describe what it was that he was seeing in these prophecies.


He was on an island, as I recall. Yeah. Al Al of Patmos. Yeah. And so he was writing this out as it was coming. Can you imagine what he must have felt like? No. What is that? What is that like? He's seeing all these things that are gonna happen thousands of years in the future, and he's trying to describe it to us in the terms that he was familiar with. So, I mean, the, the book is absolutely incredible. And it's not just Revelation. Revelation ties back into Daniel, which was around thousands years before John. Yes. It also ties into Matthew 24 and two Thessalonians two and one Corinthians and a lot of other places. People think that the whole end times discussion only resides in the book of Revelation, but that's not true.


So The book of Revelation tells the story of the end of history. That's my re tells The story about, about the return of Jesus Christ. Yes. It, it says, it's telling you what is going to happen prior to him coming back, and what's gonna happen after he comes back, lays it out. So how did you decide to write a song about a book of the Bible that most Christian preachers don't want to talk about? I did not decide to write this song, huh? Because first of all, how do you sing what's in revelation? I mean, think about it. You know, last November I met my house in Nashville, was not thinking about writing a song about anything, and outta nowhere it felt like a hammer hit me in the back of the head boom.


Like that. Like, what is this? What is going on? What's this feeling? And this melody and these lyrics, oh, revelation. I can feel it coming like a dark train running, oh, get ready. 'cause the king is coming, the king is coming back again. Just B I'm talking like that. And I went, where were you? Okay. I was at home in Nashville, just Sitting in your living room, Just being a, just chilling out. And I said, okay, I hear you. I grabbed a guitar off the wall, a pencil, a notebook, went and sat in a quiet room in the house. And in about 60 minutes, the entire song had come out. I sang it into my little voice notes on my iPhone, put my earbuds in, and walked around the house, just pacing around the house, listening to it over and over.


And the hair is raising up on my arm. Is This how, pardon me, ignorance is this how songwriters write songs? Does this, has this happened to you before? No. Is This No, nothing's ever the only other song I ever wrote that felt like this was one called Earth to God that I wrote a few years ago. That was the same experience with that. But this one was more intense than that. You know, when he hits you, you know, it it it is, it is. You cannot mistake when the Lord slaps you upside the head with something. You have a physical reaction to it. I do. I have a physical reaction to it. It does not happen very often. It's a very rare occurrence. But when it happens, listen, what I'm built to do is take a pencil and put the words on the paper, put music to that, and then project that out.


That I've spent my whole career getting to a point where I'm pretty good at that, except this message, this message is beyond. And it's incredible that it hit me when it did in this period of time. So You felt like you were channeling this? I felt like he slammed it right through me. And as I'm walking around listening to it and the hair's raising up on my arms, I remember looking out the window and I looked up and I went, what do you want me to do with this? I mean, what is, what do you want me to do? And the message I felt coming back to me was, take it all the way to the mat. That's the phrase it hit me. Meaning make the audio as great as You can with your skillset. Make the video as compelling as you possibly can.


And when you get those things done, tell as many people as You can. Slam it out there with no fear, as hard as you possibly can. And let, let this thing be heard. That is your job. Go do it. So You're describing a creative process in which you're kind of like not driving the train at all at All. No, no. 'cause I didn't come up with the song. I did not lay out some marketing strategy for the song. I was given instructions as to what to do with it. And listen, it, it's, it's an unnerving thing to write a song like that, to sing it and then put it out there in front of God and everybody, especially in the way the world thinks and operates today. That's, that's not what a, that's not what a popular artist would do.


I mean, well, What's cr again, I don't know anything about this world, but when you told me that, I didn't even think about, you know, would anyone download that song? And then as of this morning, it's one of the top downloads in the country. It's in all genres. It's, it's in the top five-ish right now of all genres of downloaded songs. It's battling people like Eminem, who I looked up his record just to see what Eminem's doing. One of the titles on his record is just called Evil. One is called Lucifer and one is called Antichrist. How crazy is that? And so I see Eminem and Revelation, of course, he's got the entire machine behind him. I I don't have anybody, I don't have any, you know, any physical machine behind me.


And so to watch those two songs sitting there coexisting was a, a pretty Striking. When you say machine to people who aren't in the music business, like maybe they don't know what you're talking about, what are you talking about? Massive record labels, massive radio play, massive budgets to, to push and promote and manipulate media and get, get his, get his song out there. What Is your, what is your record label doing for you? My record label? Yeah. My record label is a PO box called Rich Records, LLC. So You don't have, I'm the president, founder, and employee. So you don't, you don't have anybody pushing this song? Nope. Just the people that hear it. And if the song strikes them, they, they push it forward to whoever's following them.


So before we get into what the song is actually about, will you just describe, like how do you, how do you roll something like this out if you don't have publicist record label, if You don't have the machine, how do you do that? I do have a publicist. So Jules has been with me a long time. So when it's time to roll, she'll call people and go, Hey, John's got this song Revelation, would you interview him about it? So we do do that. We go out and talk to people and, you know, come talk to you. But beyond that, nothing, you just post it. I posted it on my ex account at John Rich and I went up there and I said, this is the most important song I've ever written. It's called Revelation.


I hope it brings courage to the saved conviction, to the lost and absolute fear, to the truly wicked. That was the post. And within about 48 hours, it's now battling some of the biggest artists in the world. That's all I said. That's just absolutely incredible. And that's it. There's nothing else. That's it. Then the song and that video does its thing, you know, it's, it's got the boss's hand on it. He, he gave it to me. He told me to write it, so I did. And he told me to go put it out there. So I did. It's on him. Now What do you, what do you think the message, so you, you basically have said that you didn't write the song, the song came through you.


That's correct. And I, that may sound like some kind of weird thing for people to hear, but that is exactly what happened. I'm not capable of writing lyrics that, and, and first of all, they're not really lyrics. It's, they come right off the pages of the book, man. I mean, it, I just made it rhyme. I just made what John talked about in Revelation, I just made the crafted them. So where they would rhyme and become a song. But, you know, the, the, the entrance of the song says Stan dancing in the flames, the people cursed his name talking about Jesus and bowed at the altar of the father of lies. But there's a number to their days and all their evil ways, the Lord's gonna turn away from all their cries, meaning at the end.


And what that's talking about is when you watch the Super Bowl halftime show, or you watch the Grammy Awards, or you watch some of these big concerts and music videos where they are putting Satanic symbolism right in your face. They are, they are practicing witchcraft on the stage right in front of you. You're watching a football game or an award show and with your kids, and now Whammo straight evil coming straight at you, we've all seen this. Now somebody has to counter that. You know, these guys have all these massive budgets. The entertainment value, the, the ability to produce those things at such a high level, it's impossible to look away from it. You know, it's like boom, pow, huge special effects, all this stuff.


And everybody's just mesmerized and it's going right into 'em. So, on Revelation, wait, Can I just ask you to pause? Yeah, go ahead. I, I actually haven't seen any of that because I don't have Right. But I've read that this happens. Yeah. Why, why are they putting, why are they pushing Satan worship on television? Because They're doing the work of their father just like I am. Wow. And there's kind, there's kind of no denying, I mean, there's, they're not getting richer by pushing Satanic symbols. Sure they are. Yeah. Yeah. Because the industry, you know, the way that, the way those movie industries, music industries, all of that.


Now not everybody in those industries obviously is, you know, some kind of a Satan worshiper or something. But there's a lot of that in there. There's a lot of that in there. And they have spent decades programming us from a young age to think those things are fine and normal. And they get rewarded for that. You know, that they people, that people that really serve the father of lies, they get rewarded by him when they, when they proclaim his word and do what he tells them to do. And so Revelation is the other side of that. That's why I went to such extremes with this video, because I wanted it to compete visually with what people are used to seeing. I didn't want it to be like some one dimensional looking thing.


I wanted it to be up to the level to what people are used to seeing. If we're gonna combat, if we're gonna present both sides, play at a high level, bring it at a high level. And that's why we went so far with it. It's just, it's so interesting to see the way you're framing this. So it's, it, you're framing it very differently. It's not just that the, the media and entertainment businesses are liberal or in the pocket of the Democratic Party. You're saying that they're pushing a theology on the country. A hundred percent. No doubt about it. You know, the devil, he's scared to death of Jesus Christ.


I mean, it says in the scripture, resist the devil and he will flee from you. Flee like wet his pants and run out the door. If you deny him, if you go, nope, of course with Jesus in you, you go, Uhuh, get outta here. And he will, he'll take off running. And so you're not supposed to have fear of him. The only one you're supposed to fear if you're a Christian is not the ones who can kill your body. It says, don't fear the ones who can kill your body. Fear. Fear the one who can kill your body and kill your soul. Meaning the creator, the boss, Jesus Christ, the Trinity. And so I look at this situation as, man, if he's gonna hit me with this song, and trust me, it makes me nervous.


I'm a, I'm a little nervous right now just sitting here talking about it. But if he's gonna task me with that someday when I go see him, I'm gonna, I'm gonna have to answer for a lot of things I didn't do right. But I hope this is one where he goes, but you did a good job on that one. 'cause I gave you the song, I told you what to do with it, and you did it. You put it out there. It it, So when you say these things, you're not saying them as someone who's guessing. I mean, you've been in the entertainment business your whole life over 30 years since you were a kid, I think. 19. Yep. 19. So, I mean, you know how it works. Again, this is not something that you read, it's something you've seen. When did it become clear to you that this was a theology that these people were working knowingly or not on behalf of evil, actual evil.


Like when did that dawn on you? Well, it became, they got so arrogant with it, it seems like in maybe the last less than 10 years, it, it, I don't know what happened on their side. I guess they got the green light to go all the way in. And that's when you started seeing, for instance, Grammy award performances where people are literally coming out wearing satanic symbols. They are carrying out, I guess they were mock seances, but I mean, it looked pretty real to me. And all of this stuff started happening. Even some of your biggest artists in the world during their live concerts in full of giant stadiums full of people are doing these things out on the stage in between their hit songs.


They'll come out as just part of the production of the show. It's art. It's just art. I mean, go look at, there's a rapper named Lil Nas out there. And trust me, everybody watching you won't know, but everybody watching this, most people will know what I'm talking about. When you see him giving a lap dance to the devil in his video straight up. And they are not ashamed about it. You look at Eminem's new record, where the titles are Lucifer Antichrist Evil, this is out right now. So I don't know what happened on their side to go pedal to the metal with it, but they absolutely did. So on the other side of that, what are we supposed to do in response to that? Just yell at it, scream at it, be disgusted by it. You can do all those things, but Well, the first thing you could Take action you're doing is naming, you're naming it.


You're, which I think is so interesting. You're calling it what it is. You're not falling for the lie, which is this is just art. Right. It's more than that. I mean, maybe it's art, we can debate that, but it's certainly more than that. This is a theology. You're pushing a religion on me. Yeah. And it's a religion of darkness and lies. Right. And they're, you know, they're pushing the same, their same theology. 'cause it is that on our kids, they're pushing it in schools, they're pushing it in pop culture, they're pushing it everywhere you turn around, you can't get away from it. I mean, we're inundated with it right now. We are swimming in what these people have put out there. It's, again, it's just really important to know what you're dealing with and to say it out loud.


Yes. And I think if you had said that to me five years ago, I would've thought, well, you know, really like John Rich little far out. But now Nothing I'm saying right now can, every anybody that's had a TV set on in the past year knows what I'm talking about. It's just beyond. Thank you for saying that. So tell us about Revelation. You said revelation is the story of Jesus coming back. Right. What's in it exactly? Because I think even a lot of Christians haven't read it carefully, don't understand it, don't want to confront it. What what is it? So, and, and in this song and in this video, what, what it is talking about is what the real war is.


The Lord's Gone turn away from mal Dear Christ, it coming, the king is coming back again. The real war is not Trump and Biden, the real war is not left and right. The real war is not culture war. It says in Ephesians, we wrestle not with flesh and blood, but with principalities and powers and the rulers of spiritual darkness of this earth, of this world.


That is the battle. That's the real battle. And, and they say, you know, in the Bible it says you can't see that because there's a thin veil between the physical and the spiritual. Yes. What's going on just on the other side of the veil. But when you read Daniel and you read Revelation, it says it some point that veil will be torn, which my song talks about that. And when that veil is torn, you'll be able to see what's going on on the other side of that. And so in the video, you see the devil come blasting through a fiery portal out in the woods of Tennessee on one side of a little country church on a black horse. And he starts running and he looks nasty. It's Nick Ccy, by the way, the actor, my good friend, he plays the devil.


He's one of the nicest guys you ever met. So it's funny that he's the devil, but he plays the good one. And on the other side of that church, out in the woods in Tennessee, this massive beam of energy comes crashing down to the ground and the trees go like this. And outta that blast comes Michael the archangel. And he pulls a broad sword out of his sheath and he start and he grits his teeth. And this guy's got muscles. That's Hollywood Yates, my buddy from California. He comes walking straight towards the devil and they're coming like this. And I'm standing in the middle, I'm humanity and here's evil and here's righteousness. And they are about to clash. And the point of that is to put into people's mind a representation of what is spiritual warfare.


I wonder what it actually looks like. And I did the best job I could, trying to depict that. But when you see those scenes, I think that's one reason why this song is doing what it's doing. Because to my knowledge, nobody's ever even approached this subject in the world of music or video. Amazing. So why is it, why is Revelation so hard for people to, to grasp, to read, to understand. So for thousands of years, the prophecies in Revelation and Daniel and other places seemed like such science fiction to people. They just couldn't understand how these things were even possible. Including my own dad who's been preaching since he was about 19.


He's in his early seventies now. And he said, yeah, John, you know, just never could understand how some of these things were possible. For instance, The Mark of the Beast. How is it possible? We would all say that you could track every human being in the world and know where they are and how they get their money and where they spend their money. I mean, that's just impossible. And here we sit going, oh no, they're tracking us right now. They know exactly where we spend our money and where we get our money. 'cause it says, you won't be able to buy or sell unless you have The Mark of the Beast. You could, you could replace the word beast with system. Revelation Says that, Oh yeah, without the market, you Won't be able to buy or sell Unless you bear The Mark of the Beast.


And when you, when you go back and look that up in the Hebrew, it's talking about the global power that's in place at that point. The system that is in place


Traditionally think tanks do a lot of thinking. And the Heritage Foundation still does that. But it also thankfully, has begun doing Heritage has built a massive investigative and litigation operation out of its headquarters to save this country from the corruption that is taking it over both actual literal corruption, financial corruption, there's a lot of that, but also ideological and moral corruption. And to Fight Back Heritage is engaging in almost 50 separate lawsuits against various government entities to try and pry out information, to bring a little sunlight to the process that even Congress can't get. And it's been working. They produce documents exposing the Biden crime family to the rest of the world. You've read those stories and help kill the sweetheart deal that Biden's DOJ tried to make with his son. Hunter Biden Heritage also developed a comprehensive plan to dismantle the deep state, the swamp by staffing the next administration with people who know what they're doing. Thousands of Americans who on day one can start to make this country better. So it's important work. Again, it's not just thinking it's doing. And if you wanna support it, go to heritage.org/tucker.


Hey guys, Josh Hammer here, the host of America on trial with Josh Hammer, A podcast for the first podcast network. Look, there are a lot of shows out there that are explaining the political news cycle, what's happening on the hill to this, to that. There are no other shows that are cutting straight to the point when it comes to the unprecedented lawfare debilitating and affecting the 2024 presidential election. We do all of that every single day right here on America Trial with Josh Hammer, subscribe and download your episodes wherever you get your podcast. It's America Trial with Josh Hammer.


What is the, what is the beast? The beast is going to be whatever entity, a a group of nations that speaks of, that will set into motion. We always talk about globalist and the globalist agenda and all these things. It will be a, a globalized stranglehold on the human population that they will know where you spend your money. Where you get your money. Reminds me of Central Bank Digital currency if something like that happens. So I've read, I'm embarrassed this is being recorded. I probably shouldn't admit this. I've read Revelation actually. Sure. I tried to understand it last year. I didn't realize it, se how did I miss that?


It says you can't buy or sell without The Mark of the Beast without The mark. Yes, that's true. John on the Apostle John on some Greek island 2000 years ago said that Yes he did. Yes he did. And so yu so prior to technology showing up where it's at now in 2024, these things were impossible. Couldn't he? I mean this, how's that gonna happen? That's A pretty specific call though, to very Specific. Yeah. So now all the things that need to exist physically are all here now so that the prophecies that have been laid out could now physically manifest. Now I don't know if that's gonna be today or a hundred years from now or a thousand years from now. I don't know the answer to that, but I do know this is a new era.


So when you read Revelation and you read Daniel and you read these other, these other prophecies, it's now doesn't sound like science fiction anymore because we see it every single day. That is absolutely crazy. Is that a light bulb going off or what? Well, yeah, yeah. I don't, and I also don't quite know how I read the whole thing and didn't catch that. Well, it's a, Because that is this, that is one of the central questions. I mean, that's like top three questions of our current moment is will we allow technology to take our autonomy away and for example, control what we buy or sell. I mean, right. Well, I mean, yeah, with the advent, what we've got AI now in the mix.


Yeah. We've got all these things that, I mean, we already know. They, they track us. We already know. They know where we spend our money. We already know all those things. I wanted to talk about, you know, spiritual warfare. We just saw President Trump almost murdered on stage. And everybody I've heard talk about it, even his detractors say that was an act of God that he did not die. Yes, it Was, It was also an act of God that the situation was allowed to happen in the first place. Don't forget that part. It's all an act of God. All of it. So the Lord allowed the situation to happen and then he allowed Donald Trump to survive the situation.


I wonder, I had this thought this morning before I came and saw you. And I was reading and thinking, praying about it. And I said, I wonder if what just happened to Donald Trump, this near death experience he just survived is not an analogy for what's about to happen to the United States of America. Is America at some point gonna have a near death experience but survive it, but nevertheless have a near death experience. You know, if you look at America, nobody's ever been more blessed than America. Nobody's ever been more prosperous than America, more free than America. We've been given every possible thing you could ever want.


Life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. And what has our country done with that? Not every person, but as a whole. What have we done with that? Yeah. How much blasphemous things have come from this country and exist unchecked right now in our society. And I think to myself, well, is America immune from the wrath of God? Are we immune from it? 'cause I'm pretty sure he's really upset with a lot of the things we've done. And I think the only way people ever truly repent and come back around is to have those, what we call a near death experience. That those, those experiences happened throughout the Bible where solve from Futurely known as Paul, who wrote most of the New Testament, his whole job was to go out and hunt down Christians and cut their heads off.


That's his job. And he was good at it. He was ruthless town to town, to town. They, oh, Saul's coming, hide. Hide. And he cut their heads off, cut their heads off, and then on the road to Damascus, he gets knocked flat on his butt and is blinded for several days. And in those moments, he realized, oh wow, he's real. I've been cutting the heads off of his people this entire time. And he had a near death experience. And when Paul came, when Paul Saul came out of that, he then became Paul and then he wrote half of the New Testament. This is not new in, in God's mo. When the bible, when, when God says about himself, I am the same yesterday, today and forever.


My word does not change. We change, culture changes, the world changes, but he doesn't. So I, however, he dealt with things all the way back to the beginning of the written word, is exactly how he's gonna deal with them now and into the future. And that is something people don't want to come to grips with. They, they, America likes to make Jesus into their own image. A lot of Christians like to make Jesus in their image. They want the version of Jesus that they like, they like to savior your part. They don't like the Lord part. It's Lord and Savior. What's the difference? Well, the savior part is, is the part that saves your soul. And you, you get to go be with him when you die. The Lord part, he refers to his people as bond slaves.


Bond slaves. We are supposed to be bond slaves to Christ. Meaning you are a piece of property, he owns you, you don't have your will, does not matter what you want to do does not matter. He owns you. That's what it means to truly become an actual real Christian as you turn everything over to him. It's like the, the what does it mean to repent? What does that mean? Repentance is like if you were, if you were driving your truck out here and you saw Jesus Christ standing on the side of the highway, you go, holy cow, Jesus standing on the side of the highway, he needs a ride. So you pull over, you roll down the wind and you go, Hey Jesus, you need a ride?


And he goes, yep. And he walks around to your side of the car and knocks on the door and says, move over. And he sits behind the steering wheel and turns a U-turn and goes the other direction or wherever he wants to go. That's repentance. Repentance is not, I like the savior part. I don't like the Lord part. It's just like belief in faith. The difference between those two things. The devil himself believes in Jesus Christ. He knows all about him. He's been fighting with him since the beginning. Belief. I'm, listen, what is this? This a chair. It's a nice chair. Yes. A good strong chair made. Well before I sat down in this chair, I look at that chair and I go, I believe that chair will hold me up. I really do. It's a nice chair, strong chair.


But until I sit down in the chair, I don't have faith that the chair will hold me up. You have, I have to trust and bel and have faith in this chair that I will not go crashing down to the floor when I sit down on it. That's what faith is. The Jesus that exists and whose words and deeds are recorded in the New Testament? How is that Jesus different from the one that we hear about in a lot of churches? You know, there's a verse actually printed it out. I know it, but I just don't, I don't wanna misquote scripture at all.


Second Chronicles seven 14, very well-known verse gets quoted all the time. If my people who are called by my name will humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways, then I will hear from heaven and will forgive their sin and heal their land. Okay? That gets read all the time. Here's the part they Ms. Tucker, the very first line, if my people will repent, if my people will turn from their wicked ways, not the devil's people, he's not saying, yeah, if the devil's followers will just repent and turn around, I'll come heal your land. No, he said, if my people will mine the ones who have my name, who bear my name, Christians, if they will repent and turn from their wicked ways and humble themselves, I will come heal their land.


So the answer to your question is, for very long period of time in this country, we've not had any type of persecution or horrible things happening that would, that would humble a Christian like that and and refocus them to understand who he actually is. And so because of that, all these bad things are happening now that is not gonna be preached in a church. I promise you, Tucker, no preacher is gonna say it's our fault that this is happening. Why? Because it puts the onus on them. On me, on you. Yeah. On Christians. That's right. They don't wanna have to take that real. What do you, this can't be my fault. This is all the devil's work. Well, it says right here, if my people, if my it says it right there.


If my people who are called by my name humble themselves and pray and seek my face and turn from their wicked ways, dude, read what it says. I mean, for too long, preachers have gone in and, and sanded the edges off of these very literal and very powerful verses to suit the narrative. It's not, it's not unlike what they do in the media. We always talk about how the media will take a, a story about how a war started or some, some big thing that's going on, and they'll twist it around to fit the narrative that they want to have to accomplish whatever it is. Well, the same thing happens with scripture all the time. And it's been happening for a very long time. I would, I would say even hundreds of years it's been happening.


So it is interesting, the, I mean, they replace the White House replaces Easter with trans visibility day. They put an old lady and many others in prison for pre in an abortion clinic. These are obvious attacks on Christianity, putting Christians in prison because they're Christians. That's an attack on Christianity. And you haven't heard a ton from preachers on that. I mean, some, but you'd think they would be rising up as one and saying, no, no, not allowed. But they're not. And so it does feel like if there is pushback against us, well, you're a country music star and you're pushing back again. Why is it falling to you? What About, that's a great question.


I mean, trust me, I'm going, I'm asking the same question. But if you read back through the, the history of the Bible, some of the people that came forward and, and brought messages forward were the most unlikely human beings you would've ever picked From almost, almost all of 'em at the 12 Disciples. I mean, bunch of sailors, a tax collector, I mean, random people that became the 12 disciples, or Saul going into Paul. I mean, the guy that's murdering the Christians, we're gonna have him write most of the New Testament guys. That's the plan. Really. I mean, who would've thought that? No, it's, you're totally right. Go back to, go back to Moses. You know, Moses did not wanna, did not wanna go tell Pharaoh to let my people go.


He goes, it says that Moses basically had a speech impediment. He couldn't speak. Well, yeah. He goes, you want me to go give this big message to Pharaoh? I can't even speak very well. He goes, yeah, but your brother Aaron can, so Aaron's gonna go with you and Aaron's gonna help you speak and, and tell, but you're gonna be the one delivering the message. Moses like, I don't wanna do this. I don't wanna do this. He goes, you're gonna do it. And he goes, okay, fine. I'll go do it. I mean, and Moses doesn't even have like, he's so mad at his own people that at one point he says to God, just kill me. I can't deal with these people. They're horrible. Right, Exactly. Why did you pick this guy? Well, David is a great example. Yeah. So David, David is the only man in the Bible that God said is a man after my own heart.


Gotta be the greatest compliment ever given to a human being for God to say, David is a man after my own heart. But let's, let's think about who David was for a minute. So David, when we first really started learning about him, he's a shepherd boy, probably a teenager. And the Israelites are facing off with the Philistines, and they refuse to take on the Philistines because of this giant standing out there named Goliath. We all know this story. And David goes to visit his brothers out there in the field, and he's like, why are you guys not, why, why are they still over there blaspheming us? I mean, why haven't you taken these guys out? And they go, well, David, don't you know they've got a giant? He goes, oh, that's why you're not doing it.


'cause they got a giant, well, yeah, he's 10 feet tall. He goes, oh, okay, I'll be right back. And David runs down to the creek and he picks up a few rocks and has his sling on him. He goes, watch this, wham. And he lets the rock fly, hits Goliath right between the eyes and knocks him down. People think that that's what killed Goliath. But that's not what killed Goliath. That's what knocked him down. And so when he knocked him down, there's Goliath laying there dazed and confused like, wow, what just happened? And as he's in that state, David pulls Goliaths own sword out of, out of Goliath's sheath, which was probably heavier than he was, raised it up over his head and cut Goliath's head off in front of the Philistines and the Hebrews.


And then he turns around and looks at the Hebrews and go, you ready to fight now? And they went, wham. And here they come and they destroyed the Philistines. They ran 'em completely out of there. So if David's a man after God's own heart, and that's how David operated, I would argue that's how Christians are supposed to operate. There's a difference between, you know, the, the scripture, it says, pray for your enemies. You know that one. of course There's a difference in our enemies and God's enemies. Doesn't that say to pray for God's enemies? Matter of fact, it's the quite opposite of that. It Proverbs six people that say, well, God loves everybody. Nowhere does it say that Proverbs six, it, it lists the people that God hates.


It uses the word hate. And one of the first thing you list is those whose feet are swift to shed innocent blood. Yes. He hates them. We are not supposed to pray for them. And you go into Psalms 1 39 and David says, I hate your enemies talking to God with a perfect hatred. That's what he wrote down. So there's a lot that Christians are confused about right now. It's all kind of mangled up and missed and mashed together from, from all the centuries of preaching this stuff that they have lost their edge. They've forgotten who they are and they've forgotten how Jesus operated, how his people operated and where we're supposed to land when this is all said and done, especially when you were taken on the absolute evil that runs the world.


Like we talk about in Ephesians, the spiritual warfare Side. It's, it's interesting, I I learned most by sort of negative assessments. In other words, if you look at people who you know are doing the wrong thing, what do they hate? What are they opposed to? And that tells you a lot. And They're so Focused on Christians who are the most peaceful law, abiding decent. Even if you think they're insane, they're, they're definitely not mugging anybody. Right. Why are you mad at them? Right. But they are, and they feel very, very threatened Christian nationalism. Yeah. You, You know what I mean? Do you you really think that those are the people you need to worry? No. You want more of people like that.


But the, the people in charge don't feel that way. They're very threatened by the Christians. And I just think that that's the most revealing of all. Yeah. Because they know who dwells within the Christians, the boss, the ultimate, the alpha, the omega, the one whose blood was poured out on a tree for us. That's who lives inside of us. The one who created the devil himself. That's who they're afraid of. So you said a minute ago that, that history will end, time will end, Jesus will return. You don't know when. Right. It says, we don't know exactly when. Okay. So can you and I, I get at least once a day, someone coming by my house and leaving me something about the end times, and which I appreciate of course.


And no, I'm, I'm actually serious. Sure. And every single day. And that's great. And I, and I've met a lot of the people. And there couldn't be nicer. But in some of the stuff that they leave, which I read actually, there's a sense that like we can predict through numerology, for example, like the day this is history's ending and you're saying we can't, No, the Bible says we can't. I'm not saying anything. The Bible says, no man knows the time nor the hour when Jesus will return. And that's correct. Nobody knows. Can I back up 200 years? My God with you real quick. I know you love history. Yes. 200 years ago, basically in 1830, a very wealthy, very charismatic preacher named John Darby, D-A-R-B-Y, came with this doctrine that's now referred to as the secret rapture or the pre tribulation rapture.


And that message took off. Why wouldn't it? I mean, who doesn't want to hear that? We'll all be outta here before anything bad happens. That's a great message. That'll, that'll pack the pews right there. I love it. And and it allowed them to say, for all we know, the rapture could happen before this church service ends right now. So you better move. And I guess to that end, it had a great effect. A lot of people, a lot of people got saved over that. Who Came up with the idea that you only vote in November in elections. No, you vote every single day with your time and your money. You show your preferences, you put your support behind things you believe in, and you withhold support from things you don't.


You can do that with your cell phone. By the way. There's a wireless company that if you're not on board with what's going on in this country at the highest levels, You can make your preference known. It's called Pure Talk. It's probably something you should consider. It is proudly veteran led. It's led by veterans of the US military. And it supports American jobs by their customer service team. All of them are right here in the United States. What other company can say that, by the way, not many. It proudly supports great charities. Charities that you would support yourself. Like America's Warrior Partnership. Every dollar you spend, some of that money goes to those charities every single month. When you switch your cell phone service to Pure Talk, you know what, you will not be sacrificing coverage because Pure Talk puts you on America's most Reliable 5G network. And with plans starting at just $20 a month for unlimited talk, taxed lots of data, You can literally cut your monthly cell phone bill in half while doing something that You can feel good about and believe in. The average family saves almost a thousand dollars a year. So no contract, no cancellation fee, and a 30 day, a 30 day money back guarantee. It makes switching easy. Go to pure talk.com/tucker and you'll save an additional 50% off your first month. Once again, that is pure talk.com/tucker. Switch your cell phone service to a company You can be proud to do business with.


A few decades after that, a guy named CI Scofield, have you ever heard of a Schofield Bible? Yes, I have. Okay. So Ci Schofield was a, basically a student of John Darby and he adopted that part of the doctrine and he incorporated that into the Bible. It was the first Bible ever made that had study notes with it. Yes. We have all kinds of bibles now that have, you know, concordances and study notes and all kinds of stuff that go along. Well. This was the first one that was ever, ever made. It became so popular. Every Christian was reading it, every minister was reading it. And this, this continues today to this exact second, my own dad, when he went in seminary and was, you know, wanting to become a minister, they said, make sure you have a Schofield Bible now when you come to class, have your Schofield Bible.


Schofield Bible also adopted that that entire John Darby philosophy of Christians will not be here when the bad stuff starts to happen. And most Christians still believe that. Matter of fact, a lot of my friends that are Christians are gonna watch this interview are probably right now going, hang on a minute now. Hang on. So this is a, this is pushing back against a doctrine that's been in existence now for coming up on 200 years. The problem with that doctrine is there's a several places in the Bible where it talks about what's going to happen prior to Jesus Christ coming back to the earth. When he does come back, that is when what we call the rapture happens, the word rapture's, nowhere in the Bible.


It talks about us being caught up with him and pulled outta here and then, and then the ultimate wrath is poured out on this planet. That's what we call the rapture. But the, so that's not in debate. The question is, what happens leading up to that? It's a good question to ask. Right. For some reason, nobody ever preaches that. They don't wanna talk about what all happens prior to it. So if I can, can I just read if we have time, that's why I love the thought of this interview, just Oh, I do too. But just to be clear, you're, what you're saying is the Scofield Bible, it's theology is deceptive. I'm saying that the same way the media takes a factual situation and twists it and gives you a version of it, which we all know were force fed every single day.


The same exact tactic was used in 1830 by John Darby. And guess who he was connected to, by the way? The Rothschilds. Interesting. Yeah. He was connected to the Rothschilds family back in the day that he did the same exact tactic and twisted that. I don't know why he did that. It worked because it took off. And I mean, it, it was, there were churches popping up everywhere right after that. I'm saying that including me, including my own father for a long time. That's what we believe too. But when you start actually going back and reading line by line, by line, what is said that will be leading up to Jesus coming back, which is when the rapture happens, it's a, it's the inverse of what John Darby put down.


I I didn't know that, but somehow I'm not surprised even a little bit. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. I'm, I'm sorry, but I interrupted you guys. No, go ahead. I wanna be totally clear about what you were saying. So you were saying you want, Well, I'm curious how you take this, what I'm telling you right now, I, I don't know that personally, some of these things I've, you've Thought about. I know nothing about any of this stuff, but I decided to read the Bible about a year and a half ago. I did. And it really just changed my life. I just thought it was just the most amazing thing I've ever read or, or done. But when I decided to do that, I'm so distrustful, you know, I didn't grow up around preachers, but I, I have real distrust and I think it's earned. And so I didn't want any commentary in my, but the bible that I bought on amazon.com Right.


Just wanna know Jeff Bezo What it says. Thanks Jeff. Yeah. I just wanna know what it says. And so, yeah, I, and to this day, including this morning, I mean, I just, I just wanna, because I'm coming from total ignorance that my father was not a preacher. Not to put it mildly. So yeah, I don't have the background at all, so I just wanna know what it says. I don't want to be misled. I've lived a life, you know, in the media. So I'm highly familiar with how populations are misled, lied to, deceived, and then hurt on the basis of those lies. I know a lot about that and I didn't want that. I don't want, that's why I don't have tv. That's why I don't like the internet. I don't want that stuff in my head. And so I have no commentary at all in the Bible that I'm reading.


And, but my sense was the Scofield stuff, which has had massive implications for our foreign policy, for example, and in our domestic politics was, was probably a lie. You know, it seems like a lie to me, but I, but I don't really know Because I don't think, I don't think all of it was a lie. I think this, this particular subject, That, that was, I do know that that translation or that that commentary on the Bible has had massive effects on our politics that have been very, very negative and resulted in the deaths of a lot of people. So I do know that for a fact, but I don't know much about the theology. So would you mind expl I interrupted you.


Yeah. You're gonna No, no. Get To that. You're not interrupting me. This, this is a great, it's very powerful conversation. I don't, I think we're the only two humans on earth having this conversation in front of everybody. I feel like people are very open to things that, well, I speak for myself. I I had zero interest in having any kind of conversation about the Bible three years ago. Right. Not against the Bible. Never been against the Bible. I believe in God. I believed in God three years ago. But I, I wasn't that interested in talking about revelation. I mean, I'm a right. I'm a wasp. Just don't need to talk about that stuff. So, but I feel like it's not just me. I think that a lot of people are reaching the conclusion that the materialist society we grew up in, you know, is, is insufficient to explain what we're seeing.


Yep. And that we're facing off against these forces. We ascribe names to them like leftism or communism or there's something. It's more than that. Those are, that, that doesn't tell the whole story. This is a theology that's being pushed on us. And so maybe it's worth knowing more about it. Yeah. I think people are watching what's happening in our country and around the world and they're becoming more and more fearful of it. Even to the point of dread. A lot of people are just consumed, of course, what is happening? Well, of course, that's right. And they want answers. Yeah. They want a truthful answer. Will somebody please tell me the truth? And the truth about that is the only ultimate truth is not me. And it's not you and it's not any politician or anybody on tv. It's what the book says. Now if you're, if you're watching this and you go, I I don't believe in I'm an atheist and I, whatever, that doesn't matter, that's fine.


But if you're watching this, you're gonna hear it anyway because it is the truth. And the truth has a way of penetrating. Well, I would also say this is how I felt about myself. Like, I had all kinds of opinions about God and religion and all that stuff, but it's kind of hard to have. It's like I have lots of opinions about Anna Corina, but I've read it. I mean, I get, it's just worth reading the document and it's long, it took me, you know, 15 months to read it or 14 months. But it's wor it's like no one has read it. Just read it and then get back to me and let's have a conversation about, right. What, what's in there, right? That's like the first step. Just read it. Maybe you're an atheist, maybe you're a Christopher Hitchens, it doesn't matter. Just read what's in there. By the way, that's the foundation of Western civilization.


So just as a, you know, as a historical matter, you should know what's in there. Agreed. But nobody does. Agreed. Very few people do. So why is it dangerous right now that Christians have this idea that they're gonna be outta here before any of the things that are prophesied about happen? Why is that dangerous? It's dangerous because when The Mark of the Beast shows up, when the son of Perdition shows up, who is who we refer to as the antichrist, when those things happen and they're still here, they'll say, well that can't be The Mark of the Beast. That can't be the antichrist because I'm still here.


And what danger does that put someone in that's not The, Mark of the Beast? 'cause I'm still here. So go ahead, sign me up. Think about the, the level of danger with that. And it has not existed, in my opinion, until recently, since technology has gotten to the point to actually execute these things. So if, if you got a second, can I, can I read something for you or, unless you wanna ask me something. Yeah. So Lexi's just come in with this. Yeah. Breaking news, judge dismisses classified documents case against Donald. Trump. Judge Eileen Cannon has dismissed the classified documents case in a ruling Monday. She said the appointment of the special counsel Jack Smith violated the Constitution.


Well that's kind of, I mean, I'm just hearing this 'cause it just happened. But it does, it does seem like all of a sudden, and I'm sorry to interrupt, but I just didn't respond to that. It seems like everything has aligned in the period of like three days to make it very obvious Donald Trump's committee the next president. I don't, there's no doubt about it at this point. Very little doubt to the extent You can tell the future. But what do you make of that? Well, they tried to kill him. Yeah. Well, well there's That. I mean, and they missed, or God turned his head and they missed. And Then within like four minutes, Elon Musk endorses him.


Right. Richest man in the world. Right. Biggest, most important media mogul in the world by far. And you know, bill Ackman, lifelong Democrat. It's like all of a sudden it's just, everything changes. Yeah. In one moment. Well, when God shows up that clearly it's hard for even the biggest detractors to deny it, they go, what did I just watch? You just watched God turn Donald Trump's head. Literally a split second part of a second right before the bullet whiz by, I mean, if he'd have still been looking this way, it catches him here. He turns this way, it catches him here. We all just watched it. I mean, think about God making his presence known. I mean, on the biggest possible story you ever could.


And the whole world just saw that. So now, now you've got people going, okay, I believe it. I believe it. Because how do you deny that? No, that's exactly right. And and further, further evidence, I mean we're, I feel like we're in the middle of history. We're in the middle. America's a movie and we have no idea how it ends, but clearly, Right, right. And the timing of, of Revelation coming out, I could, there's no way to know all this stuff. I mean, that song comes out a few days ago and then this happens and that happens. And, and, and then now I looked on, looked on X and spiritual warfare is trending and all these people are talking about that. And I went, okay, I get it.


I mean, that's why it was written that that's like the musical component that's out floating around out there right now. While all this is happening. I mean, talk there, there's no coincidence in in the world that can allow for that to happen. Do you believe that there are any coincidences? No. Do You No, I used to. I've seen too much. I'm 55. I don't think God is coincidental. I keep sidetracking you. No, you're fine. So, I'm sorry. I just wanted to, she brought that in. No, that's a big deal. That's crazy. That's absolutely crazy. So, so A lot of, a lot of Christians watching this right now are very upset with me. Why? Because I'm saying something that's pushing back against something they have grown up believing.


I grew up believing it too. So did my dad. And for since 1830, people have believed this, that you're gonna be outta here before any of the bad stuff happens. And it just doesn't say that. So if You can gimme enough time to read here. Oh my gosh. Right, please. I'm, I'm fascinated. Okay. This is Second Thessalonians two, which doesn't get preached very much. This is Paul wrote this. Now, brethren, concerning the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, in our gathering together to him, meaning his second coming, we ask you not to be soon shaken in mind or troubled either by spirit or by word or by letter, as is from us, as though the day of Christ had come.


Let no one deceive you by any means for that day. The day he comes back will not come unless the falling away comes first. And the man of sin is revealed. The son of perdition, who is who we refer to as the antichrist who opposes and exalts himself above all that is called God or that is worshiped so that he sits as God in the temple or in the place of God showing himself that he is God. Jesus hadn't come back yet this is happening. Do you not remember when I was still with you?


I told you these things and now you know what is restraining that he may be revealed in his own time for the mystery of lawlessness is already at work. Only he who now restrains will do so until he is taken out of the way, meaning it's being held back. And then the lawless one will be revealed, whom the Lord will consume with the breath of his mouth and destroy with the brightness of his coming. Talking about the second coming, the coming of the lawless. One is according to the work of Satan with all power signs and lying wonders, and with all unrighteous deception among those who perish because they did not receive the love of the truth that they might be saved.


Meaning it was rejected. They were told the truth and they rejected it. And for this reason, God will send them a strong delusion that they should believe the lie that they all may be condemned who did not believe the truth, but had pleasure and unrighteousness. Let's stop right there. You're telling me God is gonna send a delusion on people. He's gonna do that. He's gonna be the one to make them go into chaos and not understand. He says yes, that is what he's gonna do because he's given them chance after chance, after chance. And they refused to believe the truth and rather believed a lie when the antichrist shows up.


But we are bound to give thanks to God always for you brethren, beloved by the Lord, because God from the beginning, chose you for salvation through sanctification by the spirit and belief in the truth to which he called you by our gospel for the obtaining of glory of our Lord Jesus Christ. Therefore, brethren, stand fast and hold the traditions which you were taught, whether by word or by epistle, meaning by letter. Now may our Lord Jesus Christ himself and our God and Father who has loved us and given us everlasting consolation and good hope by grace, comfort your hearts and establish you in every good word and work. So that's Second Thessalonians two. He lays out before he comes back, you're gonna see the antichrist.


He's gonna show up, he's gonna be running the place. Now that goes, I'm telling you right now, heads are exploding in, in the church world and with a lot of Christians, they're going, but You can get mad all you want to. I'm reading it verbatim. If you don't, if you got a problem with that, go tell him you got a problem with it. If You don't wanna believe it, put some louder fluid on your Bible and throw it in the fireplace. 'cause what's the point? It says what it says. So I, I'm personally in a weird position where I, I've never heard any of these conversations. I didn't grow up in a, in a church like that at all. I grew up in a fake church. And that makes total sense to me that there would be deception.


Well, there is deception everywhere. But you're saying that, Well, it's saying That this letter, Paul's letter to the thessalonian says, and Revelation says, and maybe Daniel says too, it's all over the Bible that there will be a leader who people worship as God who is not God. Yeah. Let me, I'll read this, this piece one more time. Let no one deceive you by any means for that day will not come unless the falling away comes first. And the man of sin is revealed, the son of perdition, which Will means lying. The Yeah, the, the son of perdition is who they, we would refer to as the antichrist. The word antichrist doesn't exist in the Bible either.


Neither does rapture. That's just when we read this throughout history, Really the word antichrist is not in there. No. Or rapture. Huh? It's, but it's, it's the words we use to describe what they're laying out. So how dangerous is that if, if Christians believe I'll be gone before this ever happens? So when they are still here and he does show up, they're gonna be walking right into a buzz saw. So That, I mean, but it like raises the question that I wrestle with every day in every context, which is, how do you know what's true? How do you spot, you know, you're being lied to. How do you know? How do you know what's deception and what's truth Praying for discernment is very important.


That's, that's my go-to, but Right. I can't think of anything else. But what are the, what are the signs that you're being lied to? What are the signs that something is bad? I mean, Jesus says that it's, it's, it's just true. You don't need to be a Christian to believe it. That you judge a tree by its fruits. Right? I can call it an apple tree, but if pears come out, it's not, it's P tree. Right, exactly. So how do we know which leaders are lying to us, which are bad? Like what are the signs If, if what they say and do runs counter to what God's word says, they lying. It's as simple as that.


People complicate this whole process and go exactly the question you're asking. How do I know who's telling the truth? How do I know who's not? Well, look at what they're standing for, fighting for how they're talking. And then go take that and go read what the book says about it. What is God's stance on it? And if they're opposed to that or outta line with that, then they're wrong. And you, you base it against the ultimate truth. That's it. Well, I think that's why we have the Bible. I think that's, I think that's right. Humans can't, humans can't figure this stuff out.


So this winter, I'm standing in the kitchen with my dogs and my wife comes in, she's just come back from a long walk and she has this look on her face, this look of tranquility and joy and peace. And I said, what have you been doing? And she said, I was praying. And I said, where? She said, on my walk for an hour and a half. And it turns out she was listening to something I'd never heard of before, which is an app called Hallow. Hallow. H-A-L-L-O-W, hallow like hallowed. And a friend of hers gave it to her. And this set off a chain reaction in my family, where pretty much everyone in my family started to listen to Hallow every day. It's a prayer app and it's the best way, as you know, to find peace. And this makes it very easy to set aside the time to deeply pray every single day. And I'm so impressed by hallow that I tracked down the number of the CEO and I called him and I said, I want to advertise this on our podcast because it's something that I really believe in. And I think you do an amazing job. And it's basically non-denominational, Christian You don't have to be Catholic or Protestant. You can be any kind of Christian, but hallow will help you focus your prayer in a way that'll be very obvious to your husband when you walk into the kitchen. I can promise you that. It's an amazing, amazing resource. They've got like 10,000 audio guided prayers, meditations, bible studies, famously Mark Wahlberg leads one of them. It's just really, really good. You can download it for three months free at hallow.com/tucker. And I strongly recommend that you do that.


It, it puts a lot of us, including me, who's only read it once at a disadvantage because we're not that literate. We're not biblically literate. It's like, I don't know. You know, I didn't, you've already told me a bunch of things that I thought I would've picked up having read it and I missed him. So one marker that seems, well I'll ask you. Do you think this is a fair way to judge God? Creates order out of chaos, right? That's beginning a genesis. And so order and chaos are really significant markers for whether something is from God or or not. And if you get a lot of chaos, like that's probably not from God, right?


Probably not most of the time, except in Second Thessalonians, it says He will send a great delusion on the people because they refused the truth and refused him for so long that he goes, okay, I've given you every shot I'm gonna give you now here comes the cloud, here comes the fog, here comes, I don't know where I'm at. And he's gonna let those people who rejected him over and over and over and rejected the truth. He allows them, as I call it, walking into the buzz saw, walking into the wood chipper. That's a hard thing man, for Christians to come to grips with that. He said that, that he would do that. That's what it says. So that means good people are gonna fall for lies. It means that it, it means that first of all, there's, I don't believe there's such a thing as a good person and, and it says all of our People are trying.


I agree with that. Yeah. All of our righteousness is as filthy rags on the side of God is what it says. I mean the only good thing about a Christian is that God's in 'em. That Jesus is in 'em. That's it. Short of him being in there, you're just nasty, filthy, you know? So, but I think to your point, yeah, people who are not inherently wicked people but have refused to, to believe what he's told them for all this time and reject it, reject it, reject it. It says he'll send a great delusion. Anybody that wants to go read it, I hope they pick their Bible up after this interview and go look it up. But People who think of themselves as sincerely godly people who are trying to be Christian call themselves that. Right. They'll fall for, for the lie too. It says many will.


It says many will. So It sounds like you gotta be just on your game. You gotta be aware. You gotta be connected. Yeah. Tightly That some of the things you think are good are not good. Right? Yeah, exactly. Right. I mean if you go back to like you said, 1830 and John Darby and Ci Scofield and I wasn't there, I don't know why they did what they did, but that, that doctrine was very popular still, it's still the main doctrine today. Oh, I know. Oh, the speaker of the house believes it Of Christian Church. Most c I'd say 99% of Christians believe it. I mean, I've been, I've been anxious about this interview because I knew what I'm gonna say is gonna rattle people in, in a major way. But this is not my opinion.


Tucker, it's So funny. I'm just laughing 'cause I'm, I'm from a world where I don't think, I don't think I know anyone who's heard of Schofield. I'm only learning of this recently. Right. It, there are many different cultures in America. Sure. We're just from very different ones. So it's funny. But is that true? So even now people believe that. Well, a hundred percent Most, well maybe that's a, a good example of the principle that you're describing or the fact that you're describing Yeah. That Christians who are, you know, trying their best Yeah. Are still gonna fall for things that are lies. Because, because they have they have. Yes. Because not just them. And this is not the preacher's fault. This is not the Christian's fault. They're not at fault for this.


This has been around since way, way, way before any of us were ever thought about. It's become accepted doctrine that, that the, the footnotes and the that Schofield adopted from Darby is biblically accurate. And the only way those can be biblically accurate is you're gonna have to erase several of the things that were said. And they're like the one I just read in Second Thessalonians two. You'd have to rip those pages out for that to make sense. 'cause it literally lays out step by step this, you're gonna see this and then I'm gonna show up. The greatest one ever is Matthew 24. And that, that does get preached a lot, but they preach it backwards. And I don't know how much, I don't know how much scripture you'll let me read on the show. Well, I'm, I'm really interested by the way anyone who's not interested in this stuff will have fallen away by now.


Sure. So, sure. But I think again, at least in the weird world that I'm from, more people are interested in this than have ever Been. I think so, yeah. I I think it does talk about a great revival happening at some point. You know, that's when I go back to a, a near death experience will get your attention faster than anything. It happened To me. I know. Yeah. I've had a couple myself. Yep. Alright, Matthew 24. Are you ready? Yeah. Now this is Jesus talking to the disciples and they're, they're hanging out in a park basically in, in a nice little spot that they were hanging out. Matthew 24, start with verse three. Now, as he sat on the Mount of Olives talking about Jesus, the disciples came to him privately saying, tell us when will these things be and what will be the sign of your coming and the end of the age asking him.


And Jesus answered and said to them, take heed that no one deceives you. For many will come in my name saying I am the Christ and will deceive many. And you will hear of wars and rumors of wars. See that you are not troubled for all these things must come to pass. But the end is not yet for nation will rise against nation and kingdom against kingdom And. there will be famines, pestilence, and earthquakes in various places. All these are the beginning of sorrows. Then they will deliver you up to tribulation and kill you and you will be hated by all nations. For my name's sake.


Now that's an important part right there because a, a lot of people have taught over the years that because he was talking to the 12 disciples, that he was specifically only referring to them and their country and their, their heritage. But when it says, for bearing my name, for my name's sake, that means Chinese, Christians, north Korean Christians, Eskimo Christians, south American Christians, American Christians, anybody in this period of time that bears the name of Jesus Christ will be hunted. It says, killed, hunted, hated by all the nations around the earth. That's an important distinction. And then many will be offended, that sounds familiar, will betray one another and will hate one another.


Then many false prophets will rise up and deceive many. And because lawlessness will abound, the love of many will grow cold, but he who endures to the end shall be saved. And this gospel of the kingdom will be preached in all the world as a witness to all nations. And then the end will come. Now here, here we go here. Therefore, when you see the abomination of desolation spoken of by Daniel the prophet, the abomination of desolation Tucker is when the antichrist steps into that role that we talked about in Second Thessalonians, when you see him standing in the holy place, then let those who are in Judea flee of the mountains.


Let he who's on the housetop not go down to take anything out of the house and let him who is in the field not go back to even get his clothes and woe to those who are pregnant and to those who are nursing babies in those days. And pray that your flight may not be in winter or on the Sabbath for then will be the great tribulation. Such has not been seen since the beginning of the world. Under this time, no nor ever shall be Jesus. Still hadn't come back yet. Remember, this is the disciples asking him, what's it gonna, what's gonna happen before you come back? All these things are happening. And unless those days be shortened, no flesh would be saved. But for the elect's sake, meaning his people, those days will be shortened.


Then if anyone says to you, look, here's the Christ or their do not believe it for false Christ, and false prophets will rise and show great signs and wonders to deceive, meaning they'll perform miracles in front of you if possible. They could even deceive the elect. See that I've told you beforehand. Therefore, if they say to you, look, he's in the desert. Do not go there or look, he's in the inner rooms. Do not believe it for as the lightning comes from the east and flashes through the west. So also will be the coming of the sun of man for wherever the carcasses there, the eagles will be gathered together. Now we're in verse 29. Immediately after the tribulation of those days, the sun will be darkened and the moon will not give its light.


The stars will fall from heaven and the powers of heavens will be shaken. Then verse 30, then the sign of the son of man will appear in heaven, and then all the tribes of the earth will mourn and they will see the son of man coming on the clouds of heaven with power and great glory. And then he will send his angels with a great cloud and a trumpet, and they will gather together his elect from the four wins from one end of heaven to the other. Matthew 24, when the disciples asked him, what's gonna be happening before you come back, boss, all right, sit down, I'm gonna tell you. And he goes, play by play and then this and then that, and then this and this and this.


And after this happens, then you'll see me coming. So it is such a dangerous mindset for really save people and Christians to think that they're gonna be pulled outta here before any of this happens. Why is that dangerous? Because when those things happen, you're gonna think it's not the real deal. You're gonna think, well, I'm still here. So that can't be it. It must be something else. And the decisions you make under that false pretense could, could be cata, would be catastrophic to you. It says anybody that takes The, Mark of the Beast, that their name is not written in the lamb's book of life, meaning the names that are written down, the ones that are, that are going to heaven. Your name is not written in the lamb's book of life. If you take that, I mean, this is no joke.


How Do you not take it? How do you not take the mark? Yeah. You have to be willing to die suffer. I, I think about there's, there's Christians right now all over the world being killed by the hundreds of thousands. We just don't talk about it. They're killing 'em in China. They're killing 'em in North Korea. They're killing 'em in Africa. They're killing 'em in the Middle East. Why are we above those people? You think? You think America gets to dodge this at some point? Absolutely not. It, it is a, it's a perilous thing to bear the name of Jesus Christ in this world. One of the reasons I wound up believing that this was true is because as you read this and you read Jesus' pitch to his followers, his disciples, right?


It's kind of the opposite. Well, you're in the entertainment business, you know, it's the opposite of any other advertising campaign that you would mount. Like use this laundry detergent, it makes your clothes cleaner. Right? do you know what I mean? Right. Eat this food. It's delicious. Right? Jesus is like, follow me and you're gonna get hated by everybody including your own family and then killed Bingo. And people are gonna celebrate your death. And that message became the world's biggest religion created Western civilization. And you're like, well, wait a second. That's really, that's the pitch. How'd you get anyone to sign up for that? Well, when, yeah, when Christianity launched, everybody knew that's what it was. And they, they just, not that long ago, Jesus was crucial for that.


Well, why would anybody sign up for that? I mean, I I if a preacher and many do comes out and says, if you believe this, you're gonna get rich. Get a hot wife, get a huge house. You, you know Right. All good things will happen to you. Sure, I get it. I mean, who wouldn't want that? But if someone like Jesus says, you're gonna get to, you get to be tortured to death if you follow this. Like, why would anyone follow that? Because they know that he's the son of God. Okay. That they, that. But that's what I'm saying. That's like the greatest testimony in my view. This is the conclusion I came to after reading. It was like, how could, well, it must be true because who would, who would, who would follow that?


No, I don't think cerebrally you would ever take, you would ever bite that hook. Oh, of course not. You would ever bite that hook? I mean, now you saw that follow Me and get tortured to death. No, I don't think So. He just went past that hook. Yeah. But when he gets ahold of you in a real way, there's no denying what that is. And that's when people are converted. That's when they, when they feel that and they really give their life to Jesus Christ and he comes in, it's wham, I mean, it's there. I mean it, there is no escaping what that is. It is as real as a heart Attack. So how should we feel about, so what you're saying, and I think a lot of people will nod their heads like, you, you feel like something, first of all, that this is, this moment is real. We're not making this up in our minds. And you know, there's suffering ahead.


How should we feel about that? Well, it's, it's, he gives us a lot of tough commandments. He says, rejoice when you're persecuted for bearing my name. If they, if they persecuted me, what do you think they're gonna do to you? I mean, yeah, exactly. It's not, it's not really your best Tony Robbins pitch as to why you shut out, sign up for this program. But the benefit is, it's, it's your eternity that you're talking about here. You know it if you live to be 200 years old, it's like that in the history of time. It's nothing. I mean, like that if you touch your hand, I had this thought a while back when somebody says, I broke my arm, my arm is broken. And I go and it hit me funny outta nowhere.


I went my arm. Like, who, which part of you is claiming ownership of that arm? Does does anything own itself? That's, this is my table. That is my dog, that is my car, that is my business. I'm somebody's employee. They say that's my employee. Something is, is, is, is claimed by ev by something else throughout the world. So you go my arm, my arm is broken. What is that? That's the spirit. That's you. That's the real you that has to live in this piece of junk for however long it lives there. You're actually hearing your spirit talk when you say that this is my arm, my face, my head, my talent, my my my, all this stuff.


And so people understand, they have to understand that God created you to live forever somewhere, one place or the other. He sticks you down on these weak little banged up bodies that he gives us the weakest thing ever and then turns the devil loose. And then he gives us free will to decide which way do we want to go. That's why he became a man. So he could empathize with man, so he could understand the plight of man, what man has to deal with every single day from temptation to torture, to love and sadness and everything else. Jesus experienced all of that stuff. So I think to your point of why would anybody ever do that? It's because it's not this, you're trying to save it. It's the actual eternal you that is, that is being saved, that gets to go live in eternity in heaven with him instead of on the other side.


And it's why the other side fights so hard too. They're not trying to take their bodies. They're trying to take their souls. I also think there's, there's something about hearing something true, even if it's unexpected. You've never heard it before. You never thought of it before. It seems bizarre. If it is true, if it's actually true, it resonates like a tuning fork. It hums, it feels different. A true word feels different from a false word. Yeah. And there's something about these words that has struck people for thousands of years in ways that you could never explain. It's like, oh, that's true. I know that that's true. I was made to know that that was true. Yeah. 'cause it's in you. It's in you. What kind of preacher is your dad? He is non-denominational.


He, my dad generally focused his, his ministry in prisons, street ministry. My dad, when I was growing up, he did, I think it was 34 Marty Gras in a row with a guitar hanging around his neck, standing in the French corner as all the parades are going by. And he's standing down there singing gospel music and preaching through a little speaker that he had standing next to him. And these parades would come by and spit on my dad from the top of his head all the way down to his boots over and over and over. And I asked him one time, I said, why did you 34 Years in the month? 34?


Yeah. I said, why did you just, why did you keep standing there with people, hundreds of people just spitting on you? And he said, 'cause about one out of a hundred of 'em would stop and asked me what I was talking about. So you wipe, spit off your face and you tell him what it is you're here to talk about. And I, I have seen him do this where some, I mean crazy looking guy, you know, totally out there, start locking in with my dad and by before it's over guy's down on his knees, bawling his head off, getting right with God. There's been stories of, of men who were, who had murdered multiple people and gotten away with it. And on a street ministry like that, went and turned himself into the police and spent the rest of their life in prison.


That's my dad. That's where he went. Did he Get pretty rich doing it? Oh yeah. He's Loaded. Yeah. There's a lot of money in street preaching. Yeah. You know, you ask him because he is a extremely charismatic, ver I mean, his communication is just, I hope you get to hear him someday. It is unbelievable. He could have probably pastored the biggest churches in America and been a very wealthy man doing it. You ask him, why didn't you do that? He said, because the people that need to hear what I have to say are never gonna walk into one of those church buildings. They're locked behind bars. They're out on the street at Mardi Gras. They're wherever they are, they're never gonna run into it unless I go to where they are. So he has always gone to where they are. The Humility required to preach at Mardi Gras on the street through a speaker is awe-inspiring To me.


And And bravery. And conviction. That's a scary moment. Yes. But you're lowering yourself when you do that. You're on the street in the French Quarter, and I bet people did Spell that you're holding up a candle in a hurricane. Yeah. And no one's impressed. I mean, most people are not impressed. They think you're a fool. You're crazy. Sure. You know, there's kind of very limited affirmation from people. No one's like, you know, it's really cool you did that. They're like, shut up weirdo. Get outta here. Except when you've, when you've done that to hundreds of thousands of people, the success rate may be 1%. That's still thousands of people. It's just an amazing thing to do. What? You ever heard of anybody like that when you were a kid? Oh, I mean, it's probably no doubt.


It's why I am like I am in a lot of ways that when you grow up watching a dad who has that level of conviction, and it's not that, not that there's no fear involved or like, oh wow, this is gonna be, no, you're still gonna feel that, but, but you go do it anyway. I mean, trust me, the conversation we just had about all this stuff, I've been thinking about it for weeks before I came here going, there's a lot of people are not gonna like what I'm about to say, what I'm about to read to them and push back against what they've been taught their entire lives. They're not gonna like that. But when a song like Revelation comes along, when that's pounded into you and, and you're like, what do you want me to do with it? And he goes all the way. This interview is part of going all the way with that. You just go do it.


Where were you proud of your dad when you were a kid? Oh, my hero. Hmm. A hundred percent. I mean, what kinda, what kind of person can do that? I mean, we see preachers on TV with 20,000 people in the audience and buy my book. Buy my book, put your money in the offer plate. I'm gonna get on my G six and go fly over here on a mission trip. Right? And, and they give these lukewarm messages that keep all the, all the Christians just feeling nice and comfortable all the time. And they never go into the stuff that we're actually talking about. Which by the way, Tucker is what is gonna happen in this country and in this world at some point.


And like I said, early on, everything that needs to be in place for these things to happen exists now for preachers not to be preaching the truth about what's going on right now is such a disservice to their congregations. It's it's criminal truly. And you, and you feel it too. Oh, You can feel it all day long. The stakes are so high right now. It's like I said, back in 1830, if you want to tell people nothing bad's gonna happen before you're raptured outta here. Okay, well, the rapture wasn't possible at that point because a lot of the, a lot of the prophecies hadn't come true. Everything we just talked about in Matthew 24 and second Thess two. But, but now I would argue we're on the doorstep of it Seems pretty obvious that we are. It feels like it is. And I, and I think that's, that's why you see things like spiritual warfare trending on X really.


I mean, and, and it's also why you see the other side coming with everything they got. It's why you see these songs about Lucifer Antichrist evil and all this other horrible stuff being pushed out. They're they're throwing everything they got at it right now. And we gotta stand up and go, well, I'm not strong enough to push it back, but my dad is, you don't wanna mess, my daddy can beat up your daddy. That's that. It's that old phrase, my daddy can beat up your daddy. And that's the absolute truth. How, how should Christians respond day to day? Christians better get as close as they possibly can because I, I think we all feel big things coming. We don't know what they are or how bad they'll be or exactly when, but everybody feels it in the air.


I'm sure you feel it in the air. There's just this thing. You wake up, You can feel it. And the only real truth out there is on the pages of the book, everybody's got one in their house. There's one in every hotel room there. You can go online and look up anything you wanna look up and read it anytime you want to. The, the word of God has never been more accessible to humanity than it is at this exact second. So I suggest you don't take the preacher's word for it. Don't take my word for it or anybody else's. You sit down and you read it for yourself and then put it into action. What, I mean, what's your life like now? I mean, I know you're not, life is great. You're not here to talk about yourself, but you just had this better Than it's ever been. Well, I can tell. But you've had this kind of amazing journey your whole life in this business.


But it's on some level it's a very, very secular business, obviously. of Course. I was part of It. Oh yeah. So like what do people you've known for all these years in the entertainment business, think of you now? A lot, a lot of 'em, I don't talk to a lot anymore, but the ones I still do are 10 times stronger than they've ever been because they know what the truth is too. You know, I was the definition of what you'd call prodigal son growing up with a dad like that. And then at 18, 19 years old, I take off instead of going to college, I'd go out and start playing honky tonks all over the United States. Can you imagine what my dad must have felt like? Can't imagine that his underage son is playing in bars all, all across the United States. And then you come with, you know, these rocking hard party songs and all this stuff.


And the songs are one thing, but the lifestyle is something totally different. Yeah. When you go out and actually live like the songs you're singing and doing those things, I can only imagine how bad it must have tore him up for a long time. And at some point I remember is I, I got, I got saved when I was a kid with my dad. But at one point in my life, I had the feeling that I had, I had, I had bank pushed back against what he wanted me to do for so long that he, he stood up and walked out of the room, meaning God walked out of the room, left me sitting there like abandoned is what the feeling felt like. And that was the most desolate feeling I've ever had. And if you go reading Psalms, king David talked about that a lot because King David had a king.


David had a a, a woman's husband killed Uriah, had him killed and then took her and married her. I mean, that's pretty bad. Yeah. It's about as bad as it Gets. That's pretty bad. And then he got punished. Like you can't believe horrible things happened to David after that, including God left him sitting there all by himself for a long time. And I think that's, that's the way he gets our attention, is you, you push back long enough, he will get your attention. If you're lucky, he'll let you survive it. And we, we, we just saw somebody survive something and I think our country's gonna survive it, but I think it's gonna be quite a thing when it happens Soon. Feels like it.


John Rich, thank you. Thank you for letting me talk about this bro. Appreciate it. I loved it. Keep up the good Work. Thank You. Thanks for listening. The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made. The complete library, Tucker Carlson com.