
You're an actor, you're looking for work, your agent or somebody calls you and says, we'd like you to play Jesus. What's that like? It was an answered prayer. The person who made that call was a friend and a colleague by that point, a guy by the name of Dallas Jenkins, who created the Chosen, and I had played Jesus for him, for his church's Good Friday service in these little vignettes three times over the course course of four years, between 2014 and 2017.


Just Literally in a church. In a church. So we'd go and shoot out on a farm. These vignettes, whatever built sets into this in his church, has like a little studio. And, and so we would, but mostly on location, we would film these little films that would be in the spirit of Good Friday or illustrate a particular gospel passenger scripture scene. And that, that was in line with the theme of, of the, the service for that year. And yeah, so the first time I played Jesus in one of those short films was the Crucifixion. It was, I was in it for five minutes.


The, the, the, the film itself, it's called The Two Thieves. You can actually find it, I think, on Amazon still. And it was about, it was a, a, it was a what if story about the two thieves crucified on either side of Christ. Like who were they? How did they get there? How do you go in like one of the gospels in in one paragraph from, you know, he was being mocked and reviled even by the thieves next to him. To all of a sudden the penitent thief, as he's referred to, gives his life basically to Jesus in that moment and said, Lord, remember me when you come into your kingdom. And Jesus says, truly today you will be with me in paradise. And he basically, it's like the first confession on the cross.


And, And he grants some access to the kingdom. And so how does that, how do he go from being one of the mockers revilers to this sudden conversion on the cross? And so he tries to, Dallas tries to answer that question in the course of this 25 minute film. I, I actually read for the Penitent Thief because he's got this, this fantastic narrative arc. And then, and I thought I'd had a great audition. It was in, it was in LA at the time, and I knew it was an opportunity to like, you know, get paid a, a, a nominal stipend for some work in another city in this, in this case, suburban Chicago.


And I thought, man, I would audition for this short film. I don't care if it's for a church. It's all, it's, it's great story. It's script is great. So I, so I go and audition. I had a great audition. I'm like, I think I nailed it. A couple days later, I get a callback to come back in, but this time to read for Jesus. And I thought to myself, ah, man, I didn't get the first row. And then I looked again at the script. I'm like, okay. So Jesus got like five lines in the whole thing. But I had happened to have played Jesus six months prior for another completely independent project up in Washington state at a studio for this Catholic company called St.


Luke Productions about this saint in the early 20th century named St. Fina, who was considered a mystic. She had these visions. She wrote an entire diary that was sort of dictated to her by, by Christ himself in these visions. And so I played Jesus in the vision aspect of that story for this traveling one woman show where it was an actress playing the saint, a screen behind her, a couple of rudimentary set pieces. And then all of the other characters in the show, in the play, including these visions of Jesus, was projected on a screen that she would choreographically time out her scenes with for 90 minutes.


So fast forward six months later, I get to audition for the two thieves. I didn't get the, the Penant thief. I go and I audition for Jesus. 'cause I'm like, you know what? I enjoyed playing Jesus six months ago. Like, this would be cool if I got, if I got anything, it'd be cool. 'cause I wasn't working steadily, consistently. And the way Dallas tells the story about 10 seconds into the audition, he's like, that's Jesus, that's my Jesus for this show. And so we did that film, and it was screened. He brought me back to, to view it like a month later at the Good Friday service with his church, about seven services. It was like 15,000 people saw this thing in a matter of a day and a half.


And it was remarkably well received. It was so beautiful. And it was, it was the, essentially the, the foundational bones of the concept of the chosen, which is this, this sort of Ignatian spirituality, this Ignatian insight into the gospels, which is basically, you put yourself in the gospel, you ask in the gospels, you ask yourself a series of questions, and that's how you meditate on the gospels through this form of spirituality. And so this, this process of filmmaking was kind of like a, a living example of that on, on celluloid or digital celluloid.


And so we did it again the following year for a different kind of scene. And then we skipped a year. And then 2017, the spring of 2017, I did one more film with him for his church. And then it was in probably the summer of 2018 where he called me and said, Hey, wanna put the sail back on? I think we're gonna do this four episodes of a crowdfunded TV show. Probably not gonna go anywhere, but it'd be some consistent work. And I jumped at the chance. Wow. I thought, okay, I, I had now played Jesus for him a few times. I was getting really comfortable with the role. I was also pulled in during that time between like 2016 and 2019, I started doing these passion plays, being involved as in these passion plays that a friend of mine was, was directing.


And then I helped co-direct and then I co-wrote a version of, of the passion that we would put on for our church. And so for whatever reason, like God was putting me in these situations, in these, in these stories about Jesus so often, in such a short, I mean a relatively short period of time in a few years, I'd played Jesus like 5, 6, 7 times. And I started to think like, well, there must be something to this. Like I, I don't know what it is yet. And then when I got the call for the chosen, the penny dropped I, and it was like, oh, all of that was preparation for this.


And it became much more than anyone thought it would be. I would say. So, yes, the four episodes that probably wouldn't go anywhere. It became eight episodes of a first season of the show that was crowdfunded by selling shares to fund the show. And then released in the fall of 2019 rereleased for free, because we were charging, I think 15 bucks for the season, the entire eight episodes on DVD and streaming. And, and then when the pandemic hit the chosen, the folks at the chosen said, we want to do something to kind of ease people's burdens and, and, and give the show away for free.


And it exploded after that, like beyond anyone's imagination. And since then, it's, it's always been free on the app, the chosen app. So, and then now we just did a deal with Amazon. Amazon is going to be our exclusive window for the streaming of the show after its initial theatrical run, which for season five will be March 28th. It'll be in theaters for about a month, then it'll go to Amazon for 90 days exclusively. And then it'll go to the app where it will remain free. I mean, it's turned into the biggest, you know, thing in that genre maybe ever.


Yeah. Yeah. They don't often, nobody really releases figures in streaming for viewership and any of that kind of data. But we do. 'cause we're like, well, we don't care. We want to tell people like, it's been estimated right now that about 280 million people have seen the show globally. 340 million in the United States total. Yeah. So that's, that's pretty deep penetration as we say in Tv. I, I would say so. That's amazing. Yeah. So the reason I asked the question, and you didn't flinch, was that I think some people would feel like that's a pretty heavy role. I mean, it's Jesus Yeah. Basis of the world's largest religion Yeah.


God himself, according to Christians. Did you ever feel that on you? Like that's a lot. In the first season I did. There was this moment, especially, which I've kind of talked about at times, where, and it's still, I think it still sort of affects me. I actually like telling the story. 'cause it's a reminder for me to, to remember what it's all about and who I'm serving as I, as I endeavor to portray this role. And so we were about midway through the first season, and the time came from for me as Jesus to start preaching, you know, full on sermons.


And we started filming. And then as I was going through these words, I, I suddenly, it's like I kind of felt I was outside of myself listening to myself preach to a crowd outside the doors of, of, in our story, Zeb James and John's father, Zebedee's house. And there was a crowd of people that would, was growing crowd of, of, of onlookers, you know, and our, our our wonderful background actors that participated in the show. And, and many of them who have, whom have participated for years. Th there th this crowd starts growing outside the house as Jesus begins preaching. And the scene's not specifically about Jesus, it's about other stuff that's happening in the background that becomes the foreground of the story.


And in the background, Jesus is preaching, but I still have to preach, I still have to say these lines from scripture convincingly and, and try to mesmerize and galvanize the people that are, are listening to me and get their attention. And they seemed really attentive, so much so that it made me really self-aware. Yeah. And I thought, what am I saying? What are these words? Like these are holy, holy words set by the holiest being that ever walked the face of the earth. I shouldn't be doing this, this, this feels wrong. And, and so I would have those feelings and then, you know, we would stop and then move on to the next setup and put the camera in a different place.


And, and then as it, as it went on, I, I just had to stop the production for a moment to talk to the director to Dallas chain. 'cause I said, can we just, can we hold, can we just slow down a second? And he said, what's, what's going on? And so we, I, I took him aside. I said, listen, man, I, I'm, I'm having a hard time right now. Like it, I was starting to feel panicked and overwhelmed, almost like the be I've only had one panic attack in my life. And, and it started to feel like it was creeping into that. And I didn't know what, why or how. Well, I kind of knew. I thought I knew why and, and what was going on. But I just said, You can, can we slow it down?


And he said, what's, what's going on? And I said, I'm saying these words, and it's, and hearing them, hearing myself say them, I don't feel worthy to be saying them. This Is why I tell this story, because it drives home the point of the gift that I've been given in playing this role. And he puts his hand on my shoulder And he, his brother, none of us are truly worthy. But here we are.


I mean, it's you and me. We're here, we are, we're doing this so that the world may know his story. Those who haven't heard his story, let me know the impact that he's had on the world and on our lives personally. And I'm slightly paraphrasing because it's been many years since, since we shot that. But that, that was the essence. And it's settled my spirit. And, and I thought, you know, he's right. He's right. For whatever reason, God saw fit to put, for whatever reason God saw fit to put me in that role and not somebody else.


Nobody else auditioned. There wasn't, there weren't auditions for the role. He had just called me up and said, do you wanna do this again? And I said, yes, of course I didn't hesitate. And but then when we got to that moment, it started to dawn on me the weight of what it was that I was being given to do. And would then inform the encounters and the experiences that I would have as the show progressed. And as we now arrive here at season five, the dawn of season five, When you started The series, did you believe, did you believe it? Did you believe in the gospel?


Oh yeah. I was raised Christian. I was baptized Greek Orthodox. We lived in New York City. And then when my family moved into the suburbs, there weren't really Greek Orthodox options. So my dad, having gone to Catholic school in Egypt and my mom being Catholic from Ireland and raised in the faith as well, were more than happy to just go down the street to the local Catholic church, was familiar to my dad and part of my mom's grow up upbringing and, and for myself and my sisters, it just, it, it didn't feel different.


It just felt right. And so I'm in my first communion in my confirmation as a Catholic. And probably when I got into my early twenties, I was revisiting the idea of my Orthodox roots as, as cousins and family members were getting married in the Orthodox Church. And I so admired the beauty and, and, and the, the sanctity with which they, they approach the liturgy, which is quite, which is quite different than Catholicism for the most part. I mean, there's Eastern Catholic rights, which are more similar to, to Greek Orthodox. But it, it was different. But it didn't draw me to go back completely.


'cause I think, I just felt like, no, this, this feels, this feels like the truth as I understand it, in God's eyes, this seems true. And it's the church that Christ himself ultimately started and for, for the reasons God knows. And despite every, every effort to thwart it, especially the, the largest empire in the world at the time, despite the, the Roman Empire's attempts to stamp it out Through murder. Yeah. It didn't happen. It's still going.


And, and that means something to me. And so doing this show, playing the character of Jesus, working with the Hallow app, you know, doing all these prayer and meditation challenges with them, learning more about other stories of faith, other people of faith through like the challenges that we have coming up for, for Lent here, I've grown deeper in my faith. It's drawn me closer to the church to want to know more about the aspects of the church that I didn't necessarily grow up learning. You know, I went to public school, so I had Tuesday afternoon catechism or whatever the day was where you went to catechism out C-C-D-C-C-D after school.


And I, you know, I, I didn't learn any of the things that I've learned in the last several years because it's just not, that's just not designed that way. And it's, the church has such a rich history and tradition. It's, it's so vast. It's a, it's such a storehouse. There's so much to know and to learn. And through the experiences of, of playing Christ and, and getting to force myself to, to go into prayer and meditation prior to every season through these, these periodical prayer challenges, like we just did one in advent for Hallow.


And, and now we're doing the Pray 40, which, which starts ash today, Ash Wednesday. It's, it's, it's forced me to just spend more time in the presence of God. And that he wants me to get closer to him. What Is Lent it Lent is begins today. Begins today is 40 days of prayer, fasting, and alms giving, leading up to, to good Friday, the Friday before Easter the day, Jesus Christ died on the cross and gave his life for humanity. Two days later, three days later, we say, if you include Friday, Easter Sunday, Jesus resurrected from the dead and original sin on, you know, on the, the stain on mankind is lifted through our belief in Christ.


And so Lent, you know, for me, lent is, is a time to, I think, simplify. And it's a time to sacrifice. And it's a time to draw myself closer through, you know, the way of the cross. Basically the theme of Hal's Pray 40 challenge this year is called The Way. And it's the way of surrender, you know, the the way of, of Christ, basically. And, and everything that he did leading up to his passion, death, and resurrection. It's something for us to meditate on in that 40 days. Typically, we try to, we try to make some sort of meaningful sacrifice.


Some people say, oh, it's a time to give up chocolate. Well, if, if chocolate is chocolate is something that gives you joy and happiness, then yeah, that might be a good thing for you to give up for 40 days. And it can be really hard for some people like me, be coffee. For some people it's alcohol. For some people it's cigars or cigarettes, or some do asparagus every year. It's not the toughest l program I say, does, does asparagus give you joy? Because if it doesn't, m just kidding Tucker, I would think you may wanna revisit, Rethink that. Okay. Lent is here the period before Easter the 40 days, and it's a unique chance to get closer to God.


That's the point of it.


Hallow the world's number one prayer app can help you do that. Joining their prayer 40 challenge. It's a great way to connect with Christians all over the world and unite in preparation for Easter, which is the payoff of this season. It's called The Way, it helps participants focus on how Jesus is the way to heaven. If you join the challenge, you'll embark on a spiritual journey with some of America's most convicted Jesus followers, powerful stories, prayer you grow in your ability to sacrifice. That's what Lent is. It's a sacrifice and taking thought provoking sermons and true stories of faith in action, which are amazing. This year is gonna be The best lent ever thousands of people praying together all over the world. And You can be part of it through Hallow, which by the way is in use in my house, in a nightly topic of conversation. So You can sign up at Hallow dot com slash tucker when you join. Checkout thousands of guided prayers, meditations, music, and everything. There is a ton on Hallow, all designed to help you find peace and closeness to God. Download the Hallow app and jump onto the Lent Pray 40 challenge right now.


If you work in quality control at a candy factory, you know, strict safety regulations come with the job. It's why you partner with Grainger. Grainger helps you find the high quality and compliant products your business needs to inspect, detect, and help correct issues. And the sweetest part is everyone gets a product that's as safe to eat as it is delicious. Call 1-800-GRAINGER, click grainger.com or just stop by Granger for the ones who get it done.


So What, how do you observe it? Well, I start typically by going to mass getting ashes, which I have not yet done. And then fasting on, well, especially Ash Wednesday. But typically, and it's not an obligation, but I like to fast on Wednesdays and Fridays. Sometimes it's nothing but maybe water, sometimes it's just no meat. Fridays in LT especially, no meat fish, soups, broths are even okay. It's like fasting from the flesh.


You're denying the flesh, you're denying yourself. It's about denial, you know? And it, it recalls Christ's 40 days in the desert prior to the start of his ministry when he denied himself everything, food, water, the temptations that he was faced with in, in the desert. He, he, he held steadfast and, and came out ready to basically start his ministry. And, and there's the practice of fasting is, spiritually speaking is super powerful. I mean, if, if there's, if there's obstacles or challenges that you're experiencing in your life that just don't seem to be resolved through traditional prayer, you know, Jesus himself was confronted by the disciples at one point, I think they were trying to cast out these demons of these in, in this, in their community, and it wasn't working.


And they had been given the power to do that. And he comes up on them and, and, And they basically said, well, we, we tried everything we tried, you know, cast them out in your name and everything. It didn't, didn't work. Why didn't it work? And he said, paraphrasing, some demons can only be cast out through prayer and fasting. And so that's that there's an extra, it's like an extra superpower level that you get given when you commit to denying yourself the things that the body needs with the intention that you are offering something out to God. Have You experienced That? Yeah. Yeah. I, I've, there have been decisions that in my life that I'd really been, or not even people, I'll go, I'll go even more personal people that I prayed for that were, were sick, we're in like a comatose state.


And through prayer and fasting, remarkably on a particular day that I did this, came out of it. And they, for like weeks just unresponsive. Really? Yeah. Yeah. It's, it's a game changer fasting. Yeah. In fact, In fact. So to tie it to, to, to, part of the reason why I'm here today, it's on Fridays in this prayer challenge on Hallow, Mark Wahlberg and Chris Pratt handle the fasting portion of the challenge. So you, you go through this challenge seven days a week, and on Fridays, which is the day we typically fast from meet, they get into the spirituality and the psychology of fasting.


But the, the, the, the, the potent spirituality of denial and what that means, and it's super powerful, man. It, it, it affects change like few things do Really. Yeah. Yeah. And, and that's like a true fast did not eat. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, it's something that I would pray about. Like if, if for some people having just bread and water is extremely difficult, Or even just like a, a bowl of soup or water or like, you know, there's the, the church, the Catholic church has sort of a, a as a suggested guides, so it's essentially one meal and like partial meals, not, not a full second meal, I believe is one meal a day.


But if that's, if that's too easy for you and you're like, well, it's not, IIII don't feel like I'm sacrificing anything by just one meal. Like, I wanna go no food at all. Or maybe just some water or a couple of pieces of bread, you know, bread and water, then that becomes your fasting. So I think it, it depends, but it's always something that I, I take to in prayer first, Lord, what do you, what, how, how do you want me to approach this fast? How can I deny myself? What, what do you need from me in this fast? And how can I serve you better through this fast?


It's funny. Fasting is the one piece of religious observance that has pretty much disappeared in public conversations about religious observance. I mean, fasting sounds like of an evil practice. Well, Especially here in the West. You go to the Middle East, it's like, whatcha talking about? Of course I'm fasting. Where's a full month? Yeah, yeah, we're at right now. Yeah. No food or water or tobacco or sex during the day period. Wow. Yeah. No water. But there, you know, it's considered like a celebration. Yeah. As, as you know. But Well, I also find like even the, the Middle Eastern Christians, like the Orthodox, the Coptic Orthodox, they, they're much more culturally rigorous when it comes to fasting.


Not just meat, but no dairy. And same thing with, with Muslims, no, no dairy, no, I believe no, no meat, no dairy, no oils. Like, there's a, there's a number of different levels. But the same thing with, with the Christians in my family. Like, wow. We don't, we don't do, like, Catholics don't do the, the no dairy thing. But yeah, you're right. I mean, here in, in the West, it's, It does make you wonder if You say you're fasting people say, why? Then you gotta explain, you know, it's foreign. I mean, it's all, it's all over the New Testament Yeah. References to fasting. Yeah. And, and as you just said, it's, it's not simply Christianity.


It's like, it was just a, a feature of religiousss observance, like from the beginning of time. Yeah. And it's gone. And you, so in the mainstream, it's gone. So you wonder, like, is there a connection between like eating and spiritual awareness? Clearly there is, is there a connection between overeating and spiritual dullness? Mm. Maybe there is. And if you wake up and everyone's fat, which is true, including me from time to time. So not judging d there's a, there's like a spiritual component there now. Yeah. Or am I like, well, I mean, just a crazy suggestion. One of the seven deadly sins is gluttony. Yeah. Doesn't have to be food, but it can be like, how are you being gluttonous in your life though?


Is it, or are you hoarding things? Are you keep, if, is it food? Like, is it just not putting any kind of boundaries on your satiety? Like Yeah. Just like, you know what? And, and, and I think it's, it's something that can, can fuel other sort of leeches into, to breaking that spiritual connection to the divine. I mean, there's no doubt it, one of the most striking things about having grown up and living in the modern west is realizing things later in life that are like glaringly obvious. And you think to yourself like, how did I not notice that?


Yeah, Yeah. Of course. Gluttony is bad, right? Greed is bad. Yeah. Worshiping money is bad. These are all, violence is bad. These are all the things that I've realized in the last couple of years. It had never occurred to me. Yeah. Not one time. Well Then you see movies, I mean, here's the power of entertainment. You see a movie like Wall Street, you got Michael Douglas, who was a superstar at that time, height of his career. Greed is good. I mean, isn't that the phrase from that movie? Yeah. But the funny thing is, like, I'm old enough to remember when that came out, which I think was in the late eighties. Eighties, yeah. And it was used, it became political immediately. And it was like, this is what the Reagan era is like, and they're all greedy and whatever. And so of course, you know, I was not a liberal, so I was like, oh, shut up. But I do think that was the, it's been almost 40 years.


That was the last time I remember anybody in the United States saying greed was bad. Mm. That was the last time. Mm. Have you ever heard anybody say that? Maybe some like far out wacko, protestor or something at, but no one you'd ever meet. Yeah. I really have ever heard anybody say greed is bad. Yeah. Since then. Have you? No. No. It's, it's, I mean it is, yeah. But it's everywhere too. Yeah. It's everywhere. Which is maybe why you don't eat. Yeah. Eating every day till you get fat. Also bad again, not judging, I've been greedy and I've been a glutton, so like, I'm not, again, not judging, but it's bad. Like why not say, I don't know. Yeah. Sorry, I'm just, I'm just coming to these very obvious conclusions.


Well, I mean, I think luckily we have, I mean, that's what repentance is for. Yeah. You know, in the Christian life, it's, it's, you know, becoming aware of your faults and the way that you've hurt people or hurt yourself even. Yes. And if the body is truly a, a temple of the Lord, a reflection of, of the creation and of the creator of God, and you're hurting yourself, then it's like, it's an affront to God. Which is why Yes. Things like gluttony are sinful because it's, But it also dulls you. It's like a bong hit or, you know, three beers or something. It keeps you from experiencing anything beyond yourself kind of.


Yeah. Yeah. You're, you're, you're now creating a, a wall around the ability to be, to be connected to from, from the divine. You know, it's like you're, you're walling yourself off from, from God in a Way. Totally. It puts cheesecloth over your whole That's Right. Exp You know What I mean? I love that you used food as a reference to, you know, I'm just thinking of like Something that kind of dulls the camera and makes the the edges softer. Yeah. And you sort of don't fully perceive what's happening. I mean, you eat two big Macs, you know, you're not as aware Yeah. Of anything. Oh my gosh. It's like, talk about comatose. You're just, It's a head injury, right?


Yeah. Yeah. A hundred percent. And so fasting is the opposite. You're hyper aware. That's right. And your mind is just like, you, you, you sense everything. Interesting. It's, and the longer you do it, it starts to, you know, I, once I tried, I know people who have done like 40 day water fasts. I don't like with electrolytes and stuff. That's not, you know, whether it still sounds dangerous, but I, I don't know how I tried it for a week. One lent, I got through four days of it and I'm like, this isn't gonna work. Your body starts to do stuff that you have no control over. You're like, Oh, I Can't imagine. And it's like, I think we're dying, so let's just get rid of everything.


I'm like, wait, whoa, whoa, whoa. I'm, I'm at work. I, this isn't, I'm on a, I'm on a set. This doesn't work. I can't keep running to the, so I said, Lord, please forgive me. I can't continue this if I'm gonna work for the rest of the week. Because I just, I, unless you make it stop, it's not stopping. So I gotta, ITI, But there a friend of mine, here's the truth, Last winner who was coming off a three week fast, he's for a spiritual man. And I happened to be at his house when he broke his fast And he, the first course was soup. Hmm. And he put, he hadn't had one thing in his mouth for three weeks other than water. Whoa. That's it. Three week watch, three Weeks, 21 days. And he puts the spoon in the soup And he holds it.


He's talking And he holds it in front of his mouth. He's making a point. And I'm watching this. Everyone's looking at it, and then he puts it down and then he does it again. And he's making this point, and then he puts it down again. It's like, you're like, eat Soup. That's self-control. Yeah. So, as you're, Well, at that point I would think you almost don't wanna break it. And you're like, how long can I go? That's Totally right. How far can I go with this? So funny though, people go like, you know, climb, you know, pay to climb Everest or you, you know what I mean? Or go, you know, participate in some radical sport or, And they take these crazy risks And they push themselves to, you know, past obvious boundaries. And I'm not critic.


I, I, I admire that. It's great. But no one ever thinks to just like, not eat for a week and see what happens. Yeah. That is a pretty bold thing to do. And maybe worth trying. I I think everybody should try fasting if they've never fasted. Everybody should try fasting. I mean, you know, if you've got medical conditions, I'm not a doctor. Of course. Right. But, but, but I think discern it, pray about it, and like it, I've only found it helpful. And I think it just, even if it's just like for a day, like see what denial denying yourself food, what does that do for your mind, for your spirit? You know?


I mean, if, I don't know, if you don't have a sense of spirituality, it might not mean anything. It might just be like a challenge. Like, yes, wonder if I can do it. You know? But I think the point is not to do it for the sake of doing it. Of course. I think, of course, to do it for the sake of, of depriving yourself and offering up the pain and, and the discomfort. And for some people the suffering that, that might cause. Yes. Taking that pain and suffering and discomfort through the fast and offering it towards an intention, a sick person. The, the decision to, to move to a new home.


Problems that a child is having in school. Yes. Any, any kind of obstacles or challenges that seem insurmountable. Fast, fast about it. Pray and fast about it. And, and see what the Lord can do with that and with your, with your heart. Because then it's, what you're doing is you're opening up your heart. You know, it's not about, well, if I do this exactly X, y, and ZI mean, that Jesus' whole thing issue with the Pharisees. You know, you cleanse the outside of a cup, but then you, you, you, the stuff that's already inside you is just, is rotten your thoughts and your heart is rotten. So it doesn't matter that you wash your hands before you eat this. And, and you eat that.


Like, he was calling out the Pharisees at one point for being so specific and attentive to the law. But meanwhile, he could see in their hearts that they just had malice And they had evil And they were, weren't doing the right thing for the priests and the, the of the time what they should have been doing the same thing. It's like fasting for just, just to see if You can get through. It doesn't really serve anyone other than your own ego. That's Right. But offering up the pain. And that comes with the fasting, the denial that comes with fasting, the hunger pains. That, that then gets applied in a spiritual way that, that, that then assigns spiritual rewards to you by, by offering that for somebody.


No, that's right. And it's, it's, by the way, just for in point of fact, I know 'cause I've done a lot of fasting actually. Mm. And I love it. But it's not, What's been the biggest thing that you've, that you've seen? Well, it's not an effective weight loss approach at all. In fact, I was talking to a friend of mine the other day who's, who's Muslim, who said, I always get fat during Ramadan, you know, 'cause the second the sun goes down, you know, you're, you're pounding a dozen dates and Yeah. Going crazy with the hummus, which is awesome. But I don't think I, I'm not, don't ever go to, I mean, for medical advice of course. But I, you know, I don't think going to fasting to lose weight is like effective at all. But I do think, I, I think this way, it's like if they're pushing on you weed, Xanax and endless bread baskets, maybe there's an agenda which is to make you dull and less aware of what's going on around you.


And I think sicker and sicker and of course sicker, yeah's Exactly. Right. But I, I'd I must say I'd rather be dead than dull. Mm. You know what I mean? It's like, sick is bad, but unaware is worse. Yeah. In my opinion. Yeah. There are a lot of really enlightened sick people out there actually, you know, joyful sick people. Yeah. Oh yeah.


Of all the New Year's resolutions, you're likely to put off the one you're most likely to put off and keep putting off is buying life insurance. And you should have life insurance. It's kind of crazy not to, 'cause the future is unknown. You gotta have life insurance, but you may not have life insurance 'cause it's a huge hassle. And it can be a huge ripoff. But there is an answer, policy genius. It makes it very easy and much cheaper. You can find life insurance policies to start at just 292 bucks per year for a million dollars of coverage. And some options, and this is The best part, are a hundred percent online and lets you avoid unnecessary medical exams. The guy with the gloves, you don't want that. If You can avoid it and you may be able to avoid it, 40% of people wind up looking back and wishing they'd had more better life insurance or any life insurance, it could have helped their families. Enormously policy genius can fix that for you. Peace of mind. That's what they're really selling. The address policygenius.com/tucker, or click the link in the description to get your free life insurance quotes and see how much money you could save and how much hassle you could save policygenius.com/tucker.


Okay. So you said you, you made reference to Jesus' exchanges with the Pharisees. I'm reading Matthew right now. I'm really struck this time by the intensity of his rage at the Pharisees. Like he doesn't, he's pretty gentle with everybody else. Yeah. Like literally including like the, you know, the Roman officer, the occupying army, pagan worshiping the stars or whatever. Yeah. Jesus is really kind to him. Pharisees. I mean, it is just, it. Matthew goes on for like five pages. Like he's mad. Yeah. What what do you make of that? Well, I think you have to ask yourself, well, why is he mad?


Yeah. And what is he mad about? And who are the Pharisees to him? And I think it's, it goes back to what I was referencing in that here you have, who are people that are supposed to be models of God's law and, and rule and grace. The, the, the Pharisees, like the, the, the priests, the people that the people look up to for spiritual advice and wisdom and guidance. And because Jesus can read souls and read their, know what's in their hearts.


He sees their, their probably the worst of them. And he knows that they, they have ill will towards him. And they have, they, they don't have the interests of the people in their hearts because they're so enraptured by the letters of the law. He said, you're so concerned about the letter of the law that you, that you're not even considered about the heart of the law, which is, you know, God's mercy and justice. And, and how, how are these people? Like how are you treating these people? I mean, the fact that they would go every year on Passover, the poorest of the poor, trying to bring their offerings and sacrifices that through extortion were getting charged.


500% May, you know, probably more than, than what they should have. I don't know the exact numbers, but like, the point was that they were being extorted every step of the way by their own leaders, these Pharisees. And that for him was the straw that broke the camel's back. And the next day he's clear clearing the temple, you know, he's flipping the tables over, flipping tables, whipping, you know, using a whip to clear money changer stands and, and, and, you know, just outraged God's righteous anger. Yeah. It's not the gentle Jesus at all.


No, no. Excuse me. No, it's not. It's, it's, it's the fury of the Lord really come to visit them. It's not, you know, fire from heaven, but it's fire on earth in this man's eyes. Yes. And, and also, you know, the precursor to what sets him up for the crucifixion, I mean, I think on some level he knows, number one, he has to, he has to make an impression And he, And he is vindicated through his actions because of who they are, who the Pharisees truly are, deep down inside.


But also that this will then continue the chain of events that have been set into motion that will put him on the cross so that he can redeem mankind. It seems like all of his anger is reserved for hypo hypocrites. They get singled out repeatedly. He seems to really hate that. Yeah. And the people in charge the powerful Hmm. That's my read. I mean, I'm the opposite of the theologian. I, I mean, I think, I think, you know, with power, you know, there's greed, there's hurting people at, at, you know, the at at someone else's expense.


Yes. There's, you know, taking advantage when you have the, all of these forces that try to, I think, take control over a society and the people through, through power, through influence. And there's nothing that those people can do. I mean, there's, it's, it's the definition of injustice. Yes. And God is about justice. Plus it are those who thirst for righteousness. Who thirst for justice. Basically. It's, it's, it was, it was the thing that one, it was one of the things that was most important to him.


And that people experience, you know, to have justice and feel human and be seen and be, and be not discounted because of their status, because of their, you know, financial, you know, situation because of who they were, who, what family they were born into or what, what yes. What, what, what cased for lack of a better term that they were born into, you know? So I, I think it was, it was something that he, it was a last stand for him, basically in, in that when he cleared the temple and it was, it all the preaching and, and, and the teaching didn't have enough of an effect on the Pharisees for them to change what they were doing.


No. You know, it Didn't, so he, I think he had to, he had to show Don't tell. He had to show, not tell. So when you're reading your scripts, when you're preparing Yeah. You're basically reading the gospel. Yeah. Gospel plus I'll, I'll say it's, you know, because as a TV show, it's not always, you know, the scriptures as they are don't always give us the full picture of a conversation. They definitely don't Of a Character of a person. So we have to through, you know, biblical, these, a group of biblical scholars that, and advisors that help us and, and give insight into the things that we're writing.


We, we help have to craft these plausible, hopefully authentic backstories that create believable characters that could have existed in the first century, that augment the world that the gospels give us a glimpse into. So a lot of it is scripture, yes. But then there, there is some creative license taken just to be able to make a good TV show. 'cause at the end of the day, this, this isn't, this isn't the Bible. We're not saying this is the Bible. We're, we have a TV show first and foremost, that is based on the gospels and hopefully is compelling enough for you to really, you know, get hooked into it and, and binge it.


Just like you would binge any other TV show. And then start asking yourself, well what, what did Jesus really say? Did he say these things? Did, is this, is this character really like this? Like, let me, I want to explore. And then if you, if You can get people to read the Bible and then want to have a, a relationship or even explore what it means to have faith. If you've never had faith or even be curious about Christ, I mean, inevitably that is the relationship in a person's life that will change their life. Irrevocably, I mean, forever. So if we can create an entertaining story that is based on the truth of the gospels and who Jesus and the disciples were, maybe it'll introduce people to, to Christ and in a way that the audience is introduced to him.


And maybe they'll wanna follow him too. How did it change your life? The gospel? I think the more I read the gospels, the more I discover the Bible is the, the Bible is alive. It's the, the living word, right? They say the Bible is alive. And so at any given time, You can read a passage from scriptures, from the gospels, even from the Old Testament, the letters of Paul, the acts that somehow will apply to your own life.


Especially when you're struggling with something. You know, if I'm struggling with something, I just, I just can't figure it out. I just don't, I have no ideas about where to go to resolve it. Inevitably, there's the answers somewhere in the book, and it's, it's a matter of sitting down with it and reading it. And I mean, it's remarkable the amount of times, like I, I've had something in front of me that I just didn't know how to deal with it. And then I would flip to a random page and it's like, the answer is right there.


It's right there. So I stopped being surprised about it. I just, like, of course, that's, this is, yeah. And I, I take, I take notes. Sincere Christians never seem surprised by anything. I've noticed that It's amazing. It is amazing. And I've, I've, I've met those people where, and, and we kind of talked a little bit about this at one point where the craziest things are happening that they kind of already had a, an intuition was gonna happen.


Like, I don't even know what's a good example. There've been so many times where it's like somebody wanted to, wanted to, to, to, trying to get rid of their house or something like that, try to sell their house. And, and like they, you know, they had a, like a certain amount of time, it's just an example. Like, they had like a week to get out of their house for somebody to buy their house. And, and you know, somebody just comes knocking on the door and says, Hey, you got a beautiful house. You, you're not selling this by chance are you? And you're like, well, as a matter of fact, I am. And it just so happens that they're like, Lord, just let us find somebody that wants this house.


Like, we didn't even put it on the mark yet, but, and then somebody knocks on their door like an hour later, or, you know, like CI mean, crazy, crazy stories. And they're like, yeah, I just, God just did it. I'm like, how what? You, you don't seem fazed. And Yes. And that to me even is just, I Totally agree. Remarkable. And to flip it over, they, they never seem shocked by how screwed up the world is. I'm shocked every single day. Like, I can't believe they're committing abortion outside the dnc, or I can't believe this, that, the other thing, I'm always like, I can't believe the persecution of Christians. Why'd you persecute Christians? Yeah. Like, they've never mugged anybody, you know, like the nice, even if you think their religion's silly, they're like the most peaceful people in the world.


Their religion commands 'em to be Yeah. Why are we hating on them and, you know, banning their apps in Europe or whatever we're doing, putting 'em in jail for praying. But since you're Christian's, like, well, yeah. I mean, what did you think was gonna happen? Yeah. Do you know what I mean? Yeah. Because he kind of, Jesus kind of set it up that way, Kind of did. He kind of told us 2000 years ago, you know, he'll be hated because of me, persecuted because of me. Like he, he, he, he, he lays it all out 2000 years ago, but just know it's okay. I overcame the world. It's, it's, you're good. Just remember that you're good when things hit the fan.


Just remember that. Well, I still find it infuriating. Sure. Sorry. I'm obviously not a good person. No, there does seem like it's a natural Response. There's a lot of persecution of Christians and I'm really bothered by it. Yeah. Your family, at least on one side, is Arab Christian. Awful lot of Arab Christians get killed in a bunch of different countries. Yeah. All the time. Yeah. And no one says a word about it. No. Do you notice This? I do. Yeah. I do a lot. Christian persecution is, is something really close to my heart. In fact, I, I just executive produced an animated short film called the 21, which came out towards the end of February on the 10th anniversary of the martyrdom of the 21 Martyrs in Libya.


And who were all, well, 20 of them were Coptic Christians from Egypt. One of them was non-Christian initially from Ghana. And they just rounded up all these guys. The ISIS came and rounded them up and tried to force them to deny their faith. They were just migrant workers, like, just like, we're just trying to, they went off to work for a few weeks to try to make some money and, and they got rounded up, just captured. And ISIS was like, yeah, deny your faith and we'll let you go. Don't deny it, we'll kill you. They're like, oh, well we're not gonna do that.


So, And they, they tortured them for months. And even the guy from Ghana, I said to them like, You can go, you're not, you're okay. You're not Christian. You're not one of these guys. And he is like, no, no, no. Their goddess, my God. And so they say he, he converted And he died with them. And so six years ago, this producer friend of mine named Mark Rogers, he, he was in Egypt And he saw, he knew about the story And he saw the image of one of these martyrs who had, who had like a, a lazy eye.


And it reminded him of the image, which actually is on this little medallion of Christ, the pantora. Or like, you know, basically it's that figure of Christ that it's got two, both sides of his face have one, one side of him represents the divinity of Christ. One side represents the humanity of Christ. And, and one of the sides, oh, his eye. And one side is kind of trooped and it reminded him of, of this image of Christ. And, And he got this idea to create this animated short film about the martyrs and their story. And it turned out to be stunning.


21 film.com. People want to see it. It's an ex, it's an extraordinary short film. Beautiful, beautiful. That, that I implements Coptic iconography into the, the animation. It was actually on the Oscar shortlist. It didn't get nominated, but it found its way onto this shortlist of 15 selections. And then they whittle it down to the top five. It had no marketing, it had no advertisement, nothing. But somehow I think enough people saw this like, no, this is amazing. And it tells their story and, and the, the mystical nature of their experience and of actually the, the, their, their captors, what they experienced with these, you know, while they had these guys in captivity and like the, the, the divinely mystical experiences that they had are captures.


Yeah, yeah. Are, are, are represented in the short film. In fact, if you haven't seen, I'll send you a link. But it's, it's gorgeous. And at the end of the day, what people walk away with is that these guys had the opportunity to say, no, no, I'm not Christian. And then live. But none of them did it. They would, they, they went to their graves, literally. And they were just random migrant workers. Migrant workers. Not evangelists, just people, Christian migrant workers, poor migrant workers, I think construction or farming or something. And, and they, they wouldn't deny their faith. And so I got a chance to screen this film for the first time with the families of the martyrs 10 years later.


Oh my gosh. Which was an A com a a words fail me because it was such an overwhelmingly powerful experience to be there with them and kind of have them sort of reliving this experience. But when you talk to them full of joy, full of joy, And they more than one of them thanked their captors because they, they, they feel, and, and you know, as Christians, we believe this, that because they died for their faith, they got a straight shot.


Right to the divine, right to God. They're like, we thank them because they sent them right to heaven. So the Coptic church declared them saints. And then very recently the Catholic church, it's the first time it's happened. Catholic church also considered them saints because they died for the faith in the way that they die. Yeah. It's so inspirational. It's unbelievable. And so right now I'm trying to get the film out to, for more people to see and get it out there so people are aware of that. These stories exist. Like this is a reality for people, for Christians in the Middle East. This is a reality. You know, that, that their lives are on the line for their beliefs.


That's for sure. You know, time for Their true life Alp story.


I got a call from a friend of mine yesterday, honestly, true story, who said his girlfriend had just broken up with him over alp. He wouldn't stop. And I thought to myself, that's kind of sad. And he said, no, it's not sad. Imagine if I'd married her. Now I know I was saved. Then the next day, this same friend is driving at twice the speed limit through a major American city, pulled over by a cop and a speed trap. Cop takes his license, registration goes back to the patrol car, runs him, comes back, looks in the window and sees a tin of alp on the dashboard. Pauses stunned, says to my friend, use Alp. Yeah, I do. Says my friend. So do I. Says, the cop, we all do. He looks at my friend thoughtfully and goes, drive safely, sir. And hands back his license and registration, no ticket. So in two days, he's saved from a tragic marriage to a girl who doesn't like alp. And a speeding ticket. All true. It's more than a nicotine Marriage. In an nation of 350 million people are guessing. There are about 350 million ALP stories. Email us, yours, we want to know and read it on the air email Tell all@apouch.com. Tell all@alppouch.com. Give us your op story.


You must learn a lot from playing this role. I have. Yeah. I, I've learned how much I have to learn. It's just, I, I don't know how often we think of Jesus as fully a man, though as you pointed out He was. Yeah. What's that like trying to get inside the head of Jesus? Well, I don't think I can ever do it successfully. Like completely I can. The only thing that I, I mean, I I can't do it successfully at all. The only thing that I can do, believing Jesus was fully God and fully man, but sinless in his humanity.


The only thing that I can relate to is the humanity part and my own flawed humanity at that deeply flawed, deeply, deeply flawed humanity. But luckily, I, I don't have to rely on me. I don't rely on me. I rely on him. And so my job is to simply show up, come with a a, an open heart. I do a lot of praying and fasting before the, the every season. I pray before every scene and then do The best that I can to, to simply be, for lack of a better term, a a a mirror of the divine.


So I'm like, I just show up and I'm like, I'm just trying to mirror the divine reading the words that I have being a, a, a vessel for which the Holy Spirit can use me to reach the truth of the gospel to, to the people that watch this show. And, and if it goes beyond entertainment for some people, awesome.


I mean, between the show and between the Hallow app, the amount of feedback And changed lives that have occurred, the stories that, that we get about people that you know, that are, they were, they were atheist all their life and somebody gave 'em the show and all of a sudden they, something tweaked in their heart and they're like, why do I feel this way about this guy? Like, I wanna, I wanna know this guy. Or people who have been, haven't been to church in 30 years, El lapsed Catholics, like I haven't been to church in 30 years. Started going back to church, went to my first confession in 30 years, went to my first confession in 15 years. Like I've heard all of these things. I even went, I was in confession once myself. And I, a guy came outta the confessional And he recognized me, And he was like, oh, yeah. And so he starts talking to me, and then he starts, starts to tell me what he was telling the priest in the confession. I said, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You see you, Anything interesting. You keep it in there. I wouldn't let him get that far. No. I said, that's, that's not for my ears. Save it for the confessor.


So it's, I'm not Catholic, but I've always thought that confession's the coolest thing they do. It's a, it's gift, man. It's a lifesaver. Of course, we, when it became psychotherapy and you put like an atheist with bad judgment on the couch across from you, it, I don't think we lost something. Do you know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. But the human need to connect to unburden yourself. You know what's wrong, by the way, most people know. Yeah. You know, You don't need to be a Christian to know what's wrong. Everyone know inside you, you know, when you're doing something wrong. Yeah. And to say it out loud, to articulate it in words Yeah. Is to rid yourself of it to some extent, I think.


And yeah. And then, and then for, for the sacramental part of it, that's, that's where the healing comes in. That's where the spiritual healing comes in. So it's like, It's like if you're a cheesecloth full of holes, right? And you go into confession and you receive the sacrament of, of reconciliation from the priest and the priests, you know, we believe he's been given divine authority and that has a po maybe a, not visible, but a tangible, physical metaphysical effect on, on the casing of your soul. And it's like mending the little holes. Every confession is like, you're, you're closing up those holes and restoring that connection with God in a way that, that is essentially repairing your soul.


That's, that's what the, the sacramental part of confession is for us. Which, which is hugely comforting and also physically tangible. I, I, for me, I, I feel just chemically slightly different after every confession that I go through in a way that's like, okay, I can breathe a little easier. I believe. I believe that completely. Yeah. Have you never experienced it? But I believe that It's, it's, it's like nothing else. What's it like for you to be recognized on the street for playing Jesus? I know just from having dinner with you last night and telling people you were coming here, there's a lot of intensity.


Like you're, I've been on television for 30 years, I've never experienced anything. Like what you experienced, for example, is in my house last night. Mm. People are very intense when they see you, it's bound up in their feelings for you, but also their feelings for Jesus. Yeah. Like, what's that like? I, I give, I give God all the credit. I give Jesus the credit. And you know, like, I'm like, like our buddy Russell brand, like I was once his standin, I, I, I feel like I'm Jesus' standin. Jesus is the star, and I'm his standin. You are Russell brand standin. I was Russell brand standin. Looking At you. I'm not that surprised. Not that if I was casting a standin for Russell Brandand, I, I think it would be you.


Not too bad. Hey, it's all right. It's so, we had a good time with that. He's all right. I'm, he's a good mate. He's a good guy. He's a good man. I love, love That man. I love him so much. I totally agree. But I mean it without getting like too personal, it's gonna affect your life. Yeah. Yeah. Like maybe not all positive. Like what's Whole Foods like for you? Oh, de depends on what part of town. No, I was gonna say It's probably, probably not too many people watching the shows in Whole Foods, but like in normal, It depends. Non Theas grocery store, No, but it, I mean, let's take Whole Foods. So in some parts of the country, I, you know, I gotta go in with the hood and glasses.


And in other parts, especially the coastal cities like New York and la it's, it's just another day. So it, it can be They mistake you for a bike messenger, but in Michigan, they know that's pr that's very Appropriate. Yeah. That's very appropriate. It, it can, it can be interesting, I think Because of who I'm playing and because there is this oftentimes this front loaded relationship that they already have with Jesus.


And then I become stand-in like the face of that relationship that they, now, when they read the Bible, I've been told this, my face pops into their mind as they're hearing scriptures or they're seeing, I mean, even for myself, when the, when I'm at mass and the priest is reading the gospel and he's talking about Peter, I'm, I'm thinking of Shahar Isaac who plays Peter in our show, and I'm like, okay, yeah. I can't get him outta my head. And yeah, but okay. I love Shahar and he's great as Peter. And so, yeah. It's just, you try, even as an artist, like you, you, you still suffer that, you know, you're, you, you can't quite separation, of course, human being.


Yeah. Yeah. Because you've, you now have this relationship with these people and these characters, and so to be the face of what is often the most important relationship in a person's life, I mean, even beyond their family, it's like God first and then family, and then everything else to be the face of that for people. I, I don't often th I try not to think about that. Yeah. It's, it's more than being a sidekick on Seinfeld. Yeah. Yeah. And, and I think God's given me the, the, the, the gift and the grace of kind of being somewhat blinded to the magnitude of it and the weight of it.


That's good. Sometimes I can feel it. Most of the time I think I'm shielded from it because I think if I, if I was aware of exactly what, what that implication was, even for a single person Yep. It would crush me. Yeah. Self-awareness is a burden. I would not recommend it at all. I don't have any, so it's never bothered me, but I know people who are highly self-aware and they're like in agony all day. Yeah. I mean, other things I, I like, I have a lot of that in other areas, but when it comes to playing this character, I'm glad I don't have much smart No, it's so what a, that is a blessing.


I


what is Hallow and how'd you hook up with it? Hallow is the world's largest, and from my money, the greatest prayer and meditation app a person can ever find, like ever, there are thousands and thousands of ways, prayers and challenges and meditations that people can use in their daily life to the point of automation. They just set it up and you get reminders and where You can just connect with God In the most creative ways. For me, it has been a way to keep me completely focused on God. When I'm in the middle of life. It can be, it's an op for opportunity for me to, to access my faith in a consistent way. And, and to, to, to get through life's biggest challenges. I mean, there's, there's so many prayers on this app that I use daily, like daily. And, you know, for instance, there's a prayer called the, the surrender novena. No, novena just is, it's a Latin word just means nine days. So it's a, it's a prayer you say, for nine days. And this, this particular prayer has been so valuable to so many people. Basically it's, it's very simple, but you repeat it like 10 times and there's all in, in, in the app, like, it, it walks you through it. But the, the essence of it is this prayer where you simply say, oh, Jesus, I surrender myself to you take care of everything. Oh, Jesus, I surrender myself to you take care of everything. Can you repeat that like 10 times? And the number of people that have experienced profound grace and Just ease of the burden of lightness, of the weight in their life has been, I mean, I, I've, I've never, I've never heard of a prayer that's had such a profound effect like the another one. So there was this couple, they were trying to have their first baby, they had a miscarriage. They were in a, a, a pretty severe state crisis, depression, everything that comes with that. Yes. They see an ad for how long, And they download the app, they start praying specifically, they start praying the surrender prayer that I was telling you about this surrender novena and the rosary. And they were Catholic as well, so they were familiar with them. So they prayed the rosary, super powerful weapon, and the surrender novena, And they get pregnant again. And their relationship is really growing together in faith and in God's strongest that it's ever been. Five months in, they lose the baby. Oh. And they're holding their past son would pass away. And the words that come to mind for this woman is, is the surrender prayer. Oh, geez, I surrender myself to you take care of everything. It's the first words that come to our mind. And they told us, they, they said that if they hadn't gotten into this consistent routine of communicating with God through prayer, if their faith hadn't been strengthened, that second miscarriage would've destroyed their marriage. But it didn't. And they kept going. A year later they had a healthy baby boy. And the first words that came outta her mouth that time was the prayer from numbers, Lord bless you and keep you or shine's face upon you, be gracious to you. The Lord look kindly upon you and give you peace. I think their son's name was Jack, I think. And so the power of, of having that relationship, the power of prayer, the power of being in a constant dialogue with God. It's what we were made for. We were designed to worship. We were designed for that relationship. It's in our DNA. And the more we try to ignore it or, or squash it or bury it or ignore it, or pretend it doesn't exist or that it's not there, or replace it with something else, the more we just run in circles, the more we try to fill that hole with something else, with some other vice, some other endeavor, some other, you know, righteous indignation of something, some, some, some other


effort that will never substitute, never replace our need for God. It'll never replace it. And so for me, it's, it's like playing Jesus in the chosen. It's one of the, the most important things that I've ever done artistically. I mean, for, for all of this, for me feels like an apostate. It feels like I'm a media apostle. I feel like that's what I was sent here to do, like at this time and place to kind of be a part of this.


What I see as this growing movement in film and television in the culture that is, that is truly counterculture to the current culture. That's for sure. You know, and to be a part of the ushering in of this, this opportunity of expression that supersedes the previous iterations of what this looked like because it's so attentive to quality. Like the chosen him aims to be a great TV show first.


And because, because of that, the fact that the people making it are really invested in the subject matter, make it that much more powerful. And then from a, a very myopically human level. And then God sees that And he takes it And he multiplies it. He's like, he, he multiplies the magnitude of it. The, the, the efficacy of it is then energized and multiplied globally. But even just reaching one person and changing one person's life, Dallas will tell you this as well, it's worth it just for one person, all the discomfort or whatever I may or may not feel in, in the world as people approach me wanting to take a selfie in, in the gym or in the, in the supermarket when I'm clearly trying to like, get in and out.


I mean, all of, all of that discomfort for me personally, and it's, I've been through worse, you know, like I've been through real discomfort that it's nothing something, but it's, it's relative. You know what I'm saying? So all of it's worth it because one person decided to go get baptized, and now they have like, they have a whole new life. They have a whole new, they have a spiritual awakening. It's amazing to me how successful it's been. And it's amazing to me the reaction to it banned in China. Yeah. It's not calling for the overthrow of the ccp, it's not calling for the Hallow app's banned in China. Yeah. How app is banned in China. Yeah.


It's also effectively banned in Europe, In fact, because Mark Zuckerberg's company Meta has shut down all advertising for religious oriented, faith-based advertising. Yeah. So it can't operate in Europe. Yeah, That's, that was a tough one. They just, they had just launched in Polish and Italian and I think German and like all these languages and, and now they can't, people can't know about the app because they've banned. But Why is that a threat? I mean, it just does tell you everything, right? I mean, it's like, it's like understanding things in reverse. Yeah. It's like, why would they be upset with that? That's like the kindest, least threatening, you know, only wanna help people.


Like why is that bad? Yeah, Exactly. I I'd be curious to hear the you's answer for that, or Meta's answer for that. Yeah. Mark Zuckerberg's answer for that, and China's answer for that. Like, what, what's wrong with that? Yeah. It tells you a lot. But you, you don't seem shocked by that at all. No, No, you're not. I mean, when you read of the stories for decades of people smuggling Bibles into countries, you know, underground churches, even in our, in the story that we, we cover in the Pray 40 Challenge for how, it's the story of this guy, Tashina guy. I mean, he was living in Nagasaki, Japan right around the, the time of the, the, the second World War when the, when the bomb was dropped on his town, on Nagasaki.


And Japan had just come out of 300 years basically of Christian, you know, persecution. Like they had, they had gotten rid of any, you know, they, I mean, I think in the, the late 16th century, they were crucifying people. Oh Yeah. And, and, and then three, 300 plus years later, Nagasaki's now the largest Christian hub in all of Japan. Hmm. And it wasn't the first target for the bomb. No. They tried to drop the bomb somewhere else. This is all in the story that people hear about this, this length.


It's an ama it is an amazing story. This man's story is amazing. Ash, a guy, he's a radiologist doctor, they, the first target, they tried to drop the bomb and it was too cloudy. They couldn't, they didn't, they couldn't see And they didn't have the conditions appropriate to, to drop an atomic bomb. So their second target was Nagasaki, oddly enough, right above a cathedral. And it blew up, detonated, detonated right over the cathedral and wiped out everything. And he survived nobody else. His family, everybody died, killed The majority of the Christians in Na Nagasaki, which was the Christian capital of Japan.


Yeah. Yep. Yeah. And, and I mean, killed. I'd Love to hear an answer for why people are very enthusiastic about that and think it's great. I don't think it's great. And I, I think there should be a law that American armaments can't be used to murder Christians abroad. I, that's pretty simple, but I agree. There is a thing that I wanted to read that he read, that he said right after the bombing, which he had converted from atheism. And he was Shinto, and then he was atheist, and then he converted to Christianity and Catholicism. And he was, he was influenced by the, the writings of Blaze Pascal. So he gave a speech to his community. He was one of the very few survivors in his community.


And this just goes to show you the resilience and the mindset of, of him and what, and how having faith can completely change the perspective, especially when you're effectively living in hell on earth, which is what Nagasaki was. After the dropping of the bomb. People were walking around asking for water with, while their skin is melting off like it's literal hell on earth. He said, I have heard that the atom bomb was destined for another city. Heavy clouds rendered that target impossible.


And the American crew headed for the secondary target, Nagasaki, then a mechanical problem arose, and the bomb was dropped further north than p planned and burst right above the cathedral. It was not the American crew, I believe, who chose our suburb. God's providence chose Akami the suburb and carried the bomb right above our homes. Is there not a profound relationship between the annihilation of Nagasaki and the end of the war was not Nagasaki, the chosen victim, the lamb without blemish, slain as a whole burnt offering on an altar of sacrifice, atoning for the sins of all the nations during World War ii.


Happy are those Who weep. They shall be comforted. We must walk the way of reparation, but we can turn our mind's eyes to Jesus, carrying his cross up the hill of Calvary. The Lord has given, the Lord has taken away. Blessed Be the name of the Lord. Let us be thankful that Nagasaki was chosen for the whole burnt sacrifice. Let us be thankful that through this sacrifice, peace was granted to the world and religious freedom to Japan.


Wow. Is that not a profound perspective? That is a, that is not a normal secular perspective, I would say. No. No, that's amazing. That is the power of a relationship with Christ. That's what that does. So for people who haven't heard it, tell us what you do for, hello. So I am one of the main voices on Hallow for prayers. So if you wanna pray a specific prayer, chances are I've recorded it and You can hear me pray it. Or for any of the challenges like the, the Pray 40 challenge, I will be guiding people through this challenge telling people about Tega guy's story.


And I'm also kind of a creative advisor as well. And come to them with ideas and, and, and work with them on different things that they're doing. And yeah, I I, I love working with them. They've been such great partners. And, and I think the reason is, is that they're believers themselves. You know, they're, they're doing this. I mean, you had Alex on the show and you heard his story. I mean, he originally created the app to, for himself. And, you know, God took that desire and that intention in his heart and then amplified it and, and now it's, it's the largest prayer app in the world.


It's a frequent conversation at my house. I told you yesterday, my wife's very kind, never scolds me for anything, but when she saw my schedule and saw you were coming and that we hadn't invited you for dinner, she actually did bark at me. 'cause she's like, your biggest fan. What, what? Pretty detached from my schedule. But yeah. So yes. Well, thank God for your wife. Thank God for my wife. Not the first time I've thought that. Thank you. It has really been wonderful the last 24 hours to, to talk to you. And it's Been my honor. Thank you very much. Thanks, Tucker. We wanna Thank you for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day.


We know the people who run it, good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bells. You never miss an episode. We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter, telling the truth, always, you'll not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell. We appreciate it. Thanks for watching.