
Thank you for coming on, Mr. Attorney General. Glad to be here. So, the most pressing problem, I think it's fair to say, as an outsider in Texas' immigration, it's totally changed your state in every way. Do you expect that the new administration and the executive orders in the first couple of days are gonna have an, a material effect, a noticeable effect? I Know they are, just because I saw what happened four years ago or eight years ago when Trump came into office. I mean, I, I went through, I've been in politics since Bush was in office, and, and I've seen how Republicans and Democrats have dealt with immigration And they have not dealt with it effectively because they have not enforced federal law. Trump was the first president to use the force of our federal laws, which are, which are good and designed to protect us, whether it was remain in Mexico or whether it was Title 42, or it was stopping catch and release, basic common sense, things like building a wall.


Those things work. They just absolutely work. And just what he's done in the first couple of days is, is, is significant in changing where Biden was taking us. So one of the things you pointed out off camera was his executive order designating the drug cartels as terror organizations is significant. Yes. We as states don't have much authority to stop illegal immigration, but the federal government has that authority and by, by designating these, these cartels as terrorist organization, now the military, our military force can be used to against them rather than just using, you know, border patrol and, and leaving the states subject to the cartel's, you know, crimes.


You do wonder about the, about the power of the drug cartels. They've, you know, a lot of the weapons we've sent to Ukraine have been sold by the Ukrainian military onto the black market. That's a fact. A lot up to half. And a lot of them been purchased by the drug cartels you see in Mexico, pitched battles, military engagements between the cartels and the Mexican military where they're very, you know, they're well armed. Are you worried about that happening in Texas? Absolutely. I think the Biden administration has indirectly funded the cartels. Yes, they have encouraged by, by saying no deportations on day one of his administration, they've encouraged illegal immigration and there's, that's a profit center for the, for the cartels.


They make, you know, eight to $12,000 a person. We have, if you just do the numbers on 14 million, that's a lot of money. They're making billions every month. And then they can go and use that money to buy weapons from Ukraine, which we're funding, we're, we're sending that over free. So indirectly they're part of the whole process of one, allowing the cartels to have access to our country and allowing them to make a profit and then to use that money to arm themselves in a significant way. I was just, I mean, that's our government. Well it's horrifying. I mean, 'cause you know, some of the weapons are, are surface to air weapons. So you wonder like, what's the threat to commercial air travel? You can see things kind of starting to fall apart. Is there like widespread acknowledgement of this in Texas that we could have a serious problem with these cartels?


I think even just common people are aware of that just because of the influx and the, in the, just the increased crime associated with just everyday crime that they, that people see as, as it relates to the cartels moving into our state. Yes. And that network that they built is not just in Texas. They have building that network all over the country and they're not gonna, they're not gonna wanna give it up. They're making too much money on drugs, sex trafficking, other crimes, and the importation of, of people, every Big construction site in this country has prostitution run by the cartels often of children. I don't see anyone do anything about it. And it makes you wonder like Mexico is completely corrupt. Utterly corrupt because of cartel money.


Politicians, judges, journalists, all in the payroll. You see this in other Latin American countries. I mean our, our our politicians are not that expensive. Like you could do that in a state like Texas, right? Or California. Yeah. Well here's, here's one of the biggest problems we have. We have it in Texas, we have it in other parts of the country. George Soros has figured this out. He's gone in and elected das in democratic counties. Austin, Houston, Dallas, San Antonio. So 70% of our population controlled by Soros das. He, he went in and knocked off Democratic das. 'cause we can't get elected Republicans in those, those areas. So he went in and knocked off das who were actually prosecuting and replaced them with Soros das. Now our legislature could fix that.


They haven't, they could come in and say ag you have concurrent jurisdiction to go after these crimes, but because they haven't done that, crime is proliferating in all of our cities, financial crimes, other types of crimes because they will not prosecute crimes. And so the cartels have an open invitation. So do other cartels from other countries. So if you go out to our financial crime unit in Tyler, they will tell you about all these crime crime groups coming in from other countries because they know they can get away with it. And our legislature so far has never, has not fixed that. Why. Okay, so then the question motive arises, like, why wouldn't you want to stop crime in your state? That's a very good question. I find that das have tr they have more power in Texas than I any elected official I've ever seen.


Because they're not accountable to anybody that if they commit a crime, no one can prosecute them. If it's a state crime, they'd have to prosecute themselves And they can allow any crimes in their area And they can go after. In Texas it is so easy to get an indictment. You just walk in, You can tell the grand jury anything you want to, You can lie. Once you have the indictment, you've got it. There's no getting out of it. And so I think a lot of our politicians are afraid of their das, even if they're liberal Democrats. But if we don't get control of this in our state, in another state and give somebody like the attorney general, I'm not gonna be there forever. Give that authority so that there's another way to prosecute when the Soros das and, and Soros has figured it out. But the Republicans have not. I mean, it's so obvious just in your, you know, 45 second explanation.


It, you know, it makes sense. So how is it that they haven't figured it out? Or do they have a higher loyalty? They're afraid of the das. They're afraid the das come in and lobby and everybody's afraid of their own DA that they'll get indicted if they do it. There's just that power. 'cause it d to get an indictment in Texas, you don't have to have, there's no recording of it. It's only one side of the story. You can, and if, if they lie And they get the indictment, there's no remedy, there's no consequence to the da and there's no remedy for the victim of that lie. You are going to trial. You can even if somehow You can find out what happened in that secret grand jury proceeding, which I have before, it doesn't matter. You can go to judge and say they lied.


You still are indicted and you're still at risk of going to prison. You have to tell your kids you've been indicted And you might be in prison. They st you might be in front of a jury that, that doesn't know the truth. And you go to jail or you're in a, you know, democratic county, you might go to jail on something that they made up. So you You really think, I mean, I'm sorry to be so naive, but I grew up in this country and we didn't have things like this that I was aware of in 1985. But you think that members of the Texas legislature are afraid they'll be indicted if they push back against the das? I think there is a fear And there is this lobby of, these das have so much power otherwise, why would they allow Soros to control the major cities and the pro, it's obvious that they're not prosecuting pri crimes.


They won't even prosecute shoplifting for like if you, you have free ride if you want to, as long as you take seven $50 a day in Dallas County, whatever the number is, and you go to different stores, You can do that every day. And you will, you, the DA there said, we will not prosecute you. But Why would you want that? Unless you were trying to destroy a civilization Soros. That's exactly what he wants to do. So yeah, there's No political goal here. It's just destabilization. Right. And it's so easy. It is literally so easy to do that. And he also, I, I believe got control of our court of criminal appeals, which is our highest court. We have a bifurcated system in Texas. We have the Texas Supreme Court that, that's the final appeal in civil and the Court of Criminal Appeals. But no one knew who they were. And suddenly they striked down a law that allowed me to pro, that directed me to prosecute voter fraud.


And they took it away just by saying, oh, it's unconstitutional because you're in the executive branch and separation of power says you can't be in court. How insane is that? So we, I've had to go run three, I've, I'm trying to take that court back, but we, right now, I can't even prosecute voter fraud, which opens us up to unfair elections in Texas, which we, which I was prosecuting plenty of voter fraud before that happened. So, so who, who was supposed to prosecute voter fraud? The Soros das. So that's where we're at in Texas. So that's why I ran, this is a nine member court, six year terms. They waited till two days after the filing deadline to announce their decision. This is a 1951 statute that has thousands of cases of precedent.


And they came up with this insane idea that it was unconstitutional for the attorney general to be in court because I'm in the executive branch. If that's true, every ag in the country is violating the constitution. So that was a rationale. I had to wait two years. I recruited three people to take out the three people that were up. So we've replaced three, we've got one good one on there, but we're still down five four. So until we fix those things in Texas, we're at risk. Oh, big time. Oh, big time. So do you think that the Soros das have hesitated to go after the drug cartels? They don't. They don't go after crime in general. They don't wor they're pol They do political crimes, but they generally are not there.


They don't do their jobs. They don't prosecute Even when people get killed, Hit and miss, hit and miss. But they're not, they're, the message from Soros is let as much crime go as possible. It's amazing that a non-US citizen who hates the United States, hates the West, could have that much power in our country. It's just his money. It doesn't take very much thing. It doesn't to elect a DA in a, in a Travis County, which is Austin, you're in a democratic primary. It doesn't take that many votes. You've got, I was working with a DA there who was a Democrat. I didn't agree with her on everything, but she was doing her job. They spend a, he spends a little bit of money, takes her out. And suddenly now I've got a DA who won't prosecute anything. Same in, in Bear County, which is San Antonio.


I worked with a DA a lot in Bear County, a guy named Nicola Hood. His brother is now converted to a Republican. He's a state rep. He was awesome to work with. And And he was a Democrat. He Was a democrat. I i he did his job. Guess what? So replaced him with money. So that's what it, it doesn't take him that much money. And he controls our, our, our whole situation with crime and controls our judicial system, at least on the criminal side. And we're sitting here letting it happen in Texas and other states. What did you think when Joe Biden gave George Soros the presidential medal of freedom? Disgusting. I mean, the guy's done more to, I mean, as, as far as I know, there are not many people in the world that have done more harm to our country. And he's being applauded by Joe Biden.


It's not surprising. 'cause Joe Biden has the same motivations. Yeah. I mean, what does, what did Joe Biden do? That was good And can you name it? I can't think of No, they worked From day one to destroy what future, what past generations had built this amazing country. And It had to be on purpose. And the reason I say that is because you, you would think that randomly he could, he would've done something good if he weren't, if it weren't purposeful, he would've had something economically, internationally, the border. Something would've been right. Right. Just randomly there's no, the love averages suggests a Victory Once in a while. The bell curve tells you, yeah, he would've had something good. He didn't have anything good. It was all on the other end of the curve, the downside of the curve, which was harm to Americans that that cannot be accidental And, and two individual Americans.


I think that's absolutely right. But what, again, I just, I'm so fixated on this, why would you want to do that? I truly believe that this, and this started I think with President Obama first president, I believe that didn't love America. That really thought we were a bad country that thought we were racist and that we deserved to be taken down to another level. And I think they operate under this idea that we're a bad country, there're bad people, and that we, we don't deserve this. And they fundamentally don't believe in what was created here. I I truly believe that. And they want to destroy it. Take it down, dismantle it because They think it's bad. Yeah. They think we're bad. I I don't see another explanation. There's hate behind it. There's no doubt about it. I mean, there's, how could you, how could you wind up with it, with the outcome with people dying of drug ods on the street and stores closing 'cause of stealing.


And You know, think of, think of kids Cutting their own genitals off. Like you would have to hate someone's steal. Do You remember the contempt that Biden, that that not Biden Obama said they clinging to their religion and their, their, their guns and they're, they're, God, there is contempt for that, what the founders put in place. A bunch of white racists who had slaves. And so that, that permeates his view of America. And yet that's not, there's no excuse for slavery. We, we messed up in that. Of course we had, we fixed it. We were moving in the right direction. But his view is we're broken because of that. And therefore we, we, we deserve to be dismantled because we don't, It's not about that. I mean, there are countries, well sta slavery is still practiced in certain countries, but there were like critical US allies that had slavery until the 1970s.


And no one ever 1970s. And no one ever mentions that or holds them responsible. Obama has no problem taking money for speeches in those countries. He, that's Why it, it doesn't make sense. It's slavery's been around in the world forever and it's not right. And it's awful. It is awful. And the US and Great Britain were the reason that we don't have it anymore. And globally for the most part, and no civilized country would tolerate slavery. But if you're against slavery, by the way, why would you be for the drug cartels which practice slavery, which sell people. All I know is it seems like the things they focus on do the greatest harm to America. America. No, I totally agree. But it doesn't, I think it's a mistake to take their explanations at face value. I think there's something deeper like that's just hate. They wanna hurt people And they are no, do not have an abiding love.


Look, I didn't like Jimmy Carter as The president. I think he did a good job. But he didn't have a hatred for this country. I don't think so. I don't I don't think he did. I think, I think we've had a lot of mediocre to bad presidents who still didn't want the country to be dis I agree. But I think it started with Obama. Biden didn't know what he was doing. He was being told by others of course, because he wasn't competent of course. And that this was the third presidency of President Obama to, And he And he didn't have to worry about being popular anymore. 'cause he limited himself a little bit 'cause he wanted to get reelected. He didn't care if Joe Biden got reelected. You think it's over for Obama. His influence is permanently diminished. I think it's been impacted and affected.


It could be. If we continue the momentum, we don't mess this up. If we, if we get caught up in not focusing on The best things for America, he, he can come right back in. If we don't take care of the American people and make that our number one focus what's best for the American people, if we stay on that track, we have a really good chance of being successful for a long time. If we lose sight of that and we start worrying about our power and our I Agree, We, once we start taking care of ourselves, then they have a chance back in because the American people see that. I think that's really wise. I'm concerned about that. Not because of any individual acting in bad faith, but because human nature. The depravity man's What it is.


It's exactly right. The Presbyterian, the Presbyterians actually had that, right when they set this government up, it was based on the depravity of men. It was the reason they wanted three branches of government that made it so frustrating to get things done is 'cause they didn't trust people in power. Because every human, I wouldn't trust myself in power at all. I don't want power 'cause I don't trust myself. I don't think any an honest person can really say my motives are pure. I mean Right. No, I agree with that. We all have this Oh, pull towards. Yeah. And anyone who doesn't admit that's a liar, right? So yeah, I want oversight of me. Right. You know, and then you see Chuck Schumer and you're like, that guy needs a lot of oversight. Like armed oversight.


You know what I mean? Like all of us. Yeah. I think you got it right in, in your speech at the Bible museum during the inauguration about humility and realizing your need for, for, for God's work in your life. And without that you, you have a 10, we all have a tendency to go down the path. A hundred Percent. And you lie to yourself, oh, I'm doing this for the greater good. You know, I have known people personally who've killed other human beings. 'cause they thought or they convinced themselves, you know, this is actually for the, you know, some that humanity will benefit from This. Oh, oh yeah. That's what we all convince ourselves. Oh of course. Whatever we're doing that, we're doing this. And it really, and we, we, we tell ourselves, well this is really good because it's so true. But we are off face many times.


It's So, it's so true.


So the whole point of market capitalism is consumer choice. You have AdChoices between products and services and the competition between companies makes the goods and services better. That's the core idea. Unfortunately there are an awful lot of monopolies out there. Monopolies are not good for consumers. They are not good for you. And one of the places where there's effectively a monopoly is in wireless contracts. But it's not a complete monopoly. You're probably paying way too much to use your cell phone. But now you have AdChoices, you don't have to pay a hundred bucks a month just to get a free phone. That's not a good deal. There's a company called PureTalk, which we use that has no inflated prices with a qualifying plan of just $45 a month. You can choose a free phone on iPhone 14 or a Samsung Gallery. Then you get unlimited talk tax, 25 gigs of data, which is enough for most people. A mobile hotspot, all for that low price. And it's got the most dependable 5G network. So you get your free iPhone 14 or Samsung Galaxy by visiting PureTalk dot com slash tucker. And you switch to PureTalk today. America's wireless company. PureTalk.


So can I, can I ask you, I I was reading in the final weeks before the election that the Biden administration was selling off portions of the materials for the the board wall. Is that, is that actually true? I believe it is. And here's what happened. We had sued the Biden administration a couple of years ago and you know, these cases, these federal cases don't happen overnight. No. Yeah. It took us a couple of years. We sued him and we said Congress appropriated money for the building of the wall. You are not building that wall. You're actually selling off assets. So we sued him, we won that lawsuit and in May we got an injunction from a federal judge saying, you DOJ you Biden, Michigan cannot sell any more assets off. So then I get a call from President Trump, you know, a month ago And he said, they're selling assets off, so would you sue 'em?


And I said, well I don't have to if I would done it. So how we get an order. So I we go back into court, we tell the judge, Hey, they're selling off assets. We've been told they're selling off assets. We went in accounting and before we got there, DOJ is calling us, begging us, Hey we're don't, we're not selling, we swear we won't sell any more assets. They didn't say, they hadn't say we won't sell anymore. So they, they signed an agreement, say we wouldn't sell anymore. But the judge, which we asked for, there's gonna be an accounting and there's potential sanctions. If they lied And they follow it, they did not follow that order. We don't know that yet. But we're gonna know that soon. Now that DOJ is switching, we're gonna know that soon. And I've, I truly believe they were selling off assets in violation, not only of federal law, but in violation of a court order that we got in May saying you can't sell off assets.


'cause we were trying to protect those assets so that if Trump won, we would, we would come. 'cause I knew Biden would never build that wall, even if he was instructed by Congress to do so. How hard is it? Why I I never have really understood. Why is it so hard to build a, it seems like a pretty straightforward infrastructure project. It is a pretty straightforward infrastructure project. But they hate it. It's, it's some kind of symbol of, I don't know, racism or whatever. But it's not, it's a, it protects, it protects us from exactly what we've had. So why not pass a law that says anyone, any elected official who opposes the building of a border wall is prohibited from putting a lock on the front door of his house. Well that Would affect a lot of republic. I mean, my own senator would, would, would, would have to have trouble with that, John, corny. 'cause he's been against the, the border wall saying it wouldn't work.


But we all know that walls do work. They do work. And I've seen it, I've seen how it works. Border patrol. Why, why would John Cornyn be opposed to a border wall protecting his own state? I don't understand it. I've seen quotes from him. I've seen video clips from him over and over. How it's, it, it's not enough. It, it doesn't work. It's a bad, i it he is opposed to the border wall. He, but he's, I mean, boy he's helped appropriate billions and billions and billions of dollars for border security in other countries. I Know it's really odd that he thinks it works other places, but it, it doesn't work in Texas. And he's, he's sort of mocked it and said it's, it does, it doesn't work. It's not, it's nots not effect. I'd love to hear him mock Israel's border walls. Do you think he will? No. Oh, I'd love to hear him. Mock Ukraine's territorial integrity.


Do you think he will? Nope. Never heard him do that. What is that About? I don't understand it. It's, it's, I mean I think the Bush has had this same idea that open borders were relatively good. I don't think that he, he or the Bushes Did, but only for us, not for, no one's calling on China to open its Borders. No, I don't know why they have this view. But they, I I mean even under the Bush presidency, I don't think they took immigration seriously. I, the first president I've ever seen take it seriously is Donald J. Trump. How did John, I mean this is a question I could ask of so many, no offense, I say this as a Texas lover who's got a lot of relatives there, including a child. So I love Texas and however, I think you've got some of the worst politicians in the country. Like how did that happen? How does that happen?


So I, you know, I think about like the Texas House and what's going on there. What's gone on there for 16 years? We, a small group of Republicans for power aligned themselves in the house with the Democrats so that the speakers elected by mostly Democrats and a few Republicans. They just did it again. Dustin Burroughs just got elected by a minority Republicans after he put the rules in place that the caucus, the Republican caucus would decide who the speaker was. And when he lost that vote in caucus, he walked out, cut a deal with the Democrats And he just became speaker of the Texas house that is for power, that is for his own personal, you know, power. And that the, the Republicans that do that have traded, getting good policy done, getting property tax done, school choice, protecting the border, not doing impeachments of guys that just got elected.


They traded that to have power. That's all it is. With all this drug cartel money in your state, it's not gonna get better. 'cause you could just buy a member of the Texas legislature. What would that cost? Not too much, right? Not too much. I mean, these guys, I mean they only make $600 a month. So, you know, anything is good after that. I Guess we're pretty vulnerable that way. I think we are. And I, I think a lot of these people, 'cause Texas House, you get paid $600 a month. So most people that run have to have money. You can't, of course. And if you don't have money, you, you're, you're getting paid somewhere for something because it's impossible to live on. Obviously 600 a month. So everybody has to either work and it's hard to work when you've got a job that may take a year out of every two years.


So specifically on John Cornyn, how, how did he get to be a senator when statewide in Texas? So this goes back to George W. Bush appointed him to be a US Supreme Court judge in, not us, but a tech Supreme Court judge. And when he did that, he authored an opinion that created this thing called Robinhood, which takes from the wealthy school districts and gives to the poor supposedly. And what that did to our system was it, it created a mediocre school system because it's, it's just socialism. Instead of just letting the, the wealthy school districts make their schools however they want to, we've gotta take their money away. Why don't we just fund the poor school districts? It makes no sense.


But I Think because it's not about helping the bottom, it's about crushing the top. It's about Making it all equal. That's socialism. It doesn't work. It's never worked anywhere. We have no example that it actually works. So, but, and yet John Corn did that for George W. Bush because George wanted to be president. He, he didn't want to pass a major tax increase. So he let John do it judiciously. It was a five four decision. John Corn was on the five four. Really? And I'm pretty sure he authored it. And so for this was In the late nineties. Yes. And for that he be, they pushed him Rove and Bush pushed him to be the, the attorney general of Texas first Republican actually. And then they pushed him into the US Senate. So he has been pushed and funded by that group. And fortunately Texans have caught onto that and, and realized that group, whatever they say they believe isn't really what they believe.


'cause they don't actually follow through on it. Well, but I mean, we kind of know what Bush believes. I mean, his family's out there campaigning for Planned Parenthood, voting for Kamala Harris. I was with him two days ago and Obama at the Inaugurations right next to him, across him. I watched him, you know, Powell around with, you know, he's friends with Obama. That's his world, Right? That's his world. That's all well known. But what's and pretty distressing was running mate endorsed Kamala Harris and his sad little daughter campaign for Kamala Harris. So that whole world is now, they're all Democrats. But John Cornin is still an elected statewide elected official in Texas. He's a puppet of the left, obviously.


Like how does that continue to happen? So I think it's because people weren't as aware of what the Bushes did and what he's done and, but they've come become more aware because of people like you and, and others who have outed that. So he's never had a real prime. He had four people running against him. None of 'em had money. Nobody had ever run before. No one even knew who they were. It was all fake. And he claims, you know, he got 76% of our, of course he had nobody running against him that I could tell you who it was. And I'm pretty involved in politics. Somebody needs to run against him this time because he has been there for, what, 16 years just in that position, count as ag. That's four years. He was Supreme Court, I mean Texas Supreme Court Justice. And before that, he's been doing this a long time and he's gotten away with this.


It's about time that he'd be held accountable. 'cause I can't think of a single thing that he's done for Texas. That's good. He has no acclaim for doing things good for Texas or our country. No, he's helped Zelensky and that's pretty much it. So how do, okay, so what's the process? The guy, I mean, I've never met anyone who likes John Cornin. Never met anyone who thought he's achieved anything. Never met anyone who thinks he's smart. He's pompous. He's quite a self-righteous little guy. So I think he's very unpopular with every person I've ever met in my life. And yet all things being equal, he gets reelected. So how do you, how do you stop something like That? So I'll give you an example of what you're just saying. So two, right after I beat George P. Bush, who he, he came out and endorsed of course.


And then he, he made disparaging comments about me being an embarrassment to Texas. And he made some comment about me being part of Russia propaganda. Oh, you're a Russian propaganda. Oh, I don't know how that happened. I, in Texas, I became part of the Ru Russian propaganda because I criticized him on Ukraine. He said that you were Russian propagandist. Yeah. Yes, that's what he said. Crazy stuff. You Know, people didn't use to say things like that. Right. Well guess what, so who's A more loyal American? You or or John Cornyn. Look, I'm, who's More focused on the fortunes of his own country and his own people. You or John Cornyn, who obviously doesn't care at all, didn't say anything as his own state was invaded and lectures us endlessly. So tool, the Intel agencies lecturing us about Ukraine. But you're the disloyal American.


It's actually like, you shouldn't say things like that. People should not talk like that. It's crazy. So and so justice, the crazy thing, we have a text Republican convention shortly after the election where I win by 38 points against George P. Bush, which is a pretty significant margin and a primary. So we have the convention, there's 12,000 Republicans there. He, he and his wife walk up on stage and for 10 straight minutes, he doesn't say a word. He gets booed for the 20 minutes that he's speaking. He never adjust his speech. He gets booed the entire 20 minutes. He gets booed 30 minutes straight. I'm standing waiting to go on stage. I walk away. 'cause I'm afraid of what I might say after he's said these things public to me, I go up and get a standing ovation. So there is, the people of Texas know John Cornyn and I don't think he'll survive another primary.


So how do you stop this cycle? So I think in Texas it's very doable because people realize now who John is. We have a primary next, not this March, but the next March. So somebody needs to run against him in that primary. Primary. So in a year, basically in a year and two months, you have a primary. Yep. So that primary, oh, It's Imminent. It's coming. Yeah, absolutely. Wow. So he's, he's, I don't think he's, he's long for this Senate world, So Well I'm sure he's got such an enormous reservoir of skills and talent that he'll, he'll thrive in the private sector. Doing what? I don't know if he's ever been there. He couldn't start my truck on a cold day. He has no idea. He has no skills. But anyway, sorry, I'm being too mean, but it's all true.


How do you, how do you beat him in a primary? So I, I mean I've, I, I don't know if I'm running for sure I'm looking at it probably in the next few months I'll be talking to people around the state. But I, I mean I've run two primaries against George P. Bush, another guy Dan Branch who was George, one of George WI Knew Dan Branch. Yeah, yeah. One of his close 25 years ago. One of his close friends, but very moderate. And I you're A nice guy. I beat him nicer to you than he was me. Yeah. I served in the house with him. One, one always so nice to me. 65, 35 him with, he had a lot more money. Same with Bush. I beat him 68. 32. So primary voters, if they're educated, will make good choices based on what you've actually done. Yes. And that was always me with Dan Branch.


We were in the house together for 10 years and I moved over to Senate for two while he was in the house. And I said, don't listen to the rhetoric, look at the record. We both have a record. Go look at the record, compare 'em, see if they're the same. They're not. He can say what he wants. He is not what he's, he's he's running on my record. Look at his record. And that works in primaries. And the same thing with John Cornyn. I bring out what he said about Trump and how disparaging he was to Trump in 2016 and 2000 just in this last election saying he shouldn't run. He's not the right guy. I mean, John's wrong about most everything. There's very few things. He tends to side with the those swamp in Washington And he does what Carl Rove tells him to do. So that, that doesn't work in Republican primaries. Not in Texas.


What does Carl Rove, I mean Carl Rove is, I mean he's gotta be 70 anyway at this point. I would think he's been around. I mean I've known him for pushing 30 years. I don't think his track record is something anyone could brag about at all. He's been wrong about. He's sub genius, I would say for sure. I'm a genius. No you're not. And his record suggest he's not. And so like why does he still have influence? Does he, is he still effective Still? Let's be honest. He's propped up by Fox News. He has the platform. They take care of him. He, he can keep people, like for instance, I can't get on Fox News. He's still on Fox News. He's still on Fox News. And he, he's kept me off for a couple years because I, when I ran against Bush, they got Bush on and took me off and all the shows I used to be on almost all of them.


Are you serious? I know that for a, I know a fact. Don't have a tv. This is a disadvantage. Carl Rove is still in Fox. He's still in Fox. I just saw him during the inauguration. He's there a lot. I used to go in studio at the same place in Austin. I used to trade out with him. Yeah, I've been to that studio. Yeah. And he got me cut out for sure. And I know that from hosts of shows who have said no way we, they will even, like I will have a case. They will, we will get, we will, Jesse will talk to my communication, we'll talk to 'em, they'll book me, then they'll cancel me, then they'll go try to find another ag. They'll call the Republican judge. Can we find another ag or they'll ask for somebody else in my office other than me. That was Carl Roe Blacklisting and Fox. Carl Roe is booking shows at Fox News.


He just goes around And he, he he controls. That's so crazy. No, I've been told by People you know that have shows. Well I know everyone there. Yeah. I just don't want to out him. Yeah, no I get it. That Have told me we can't have you. And for the last two years I've been on Fox like maybe a couple times. I used to be on every day. Sometimes most Fox. Imagine If I can just say since I know these systems were, I lived it. Imagine you're the host of a show and you get a call saying the sitting republican attorney general of the second biggest state is not allowed on your air because of reasons we won't explain. 'cause like Carl Rove's, like a totally discredited buffoon doesn't like the guy.


It'd be like buzz off. Well I think he went to like Paul Ryan and the board and just got, it's like I am Why Would you cave to that? Like no job is worth taking orders like That. You didn't cave caved then. Well, I got fired. Exactly. But that's, I wouldn't even consider that. Like what they cave. I would always say on the three or four times they ever said anything like that to me, I'd be like, no, that's totally great. Just put it in writing. Just send me an email explaining why we can't have this guest the rationale for it. And, and, and I'll assess and I'll respond in writing. The second you say put it in writing And they're like, oh, You know, they never call you again. Well I'm just telling you. I Yeah. Put it just, just put it in writing. It's totally fine. I don't, you know what, I've got some hearing issues. So if you could just, just write it down, explain what exactly about Ken Paxton is like verboten.


I was supposed to go on a show. There was all, there was still one host that would sort of have me and I was supposed to go on this show and I, I had two different settings to go on and both got canceled. I was told you got canceled from the book. We're moving in another direction. Yes. Even if it's my case, I mean, I file a case And they want another Attorney general to come on and talk About it. Yeah. So I would just never put up with that. That would always, that's they do, I would always call and say like, what, you know, what is this? Well the decision's been made by whom and why? But that's why Carl Roe still has his platform because Fox. But it's all the most disgusting kind of power, which is like stealthy feline power behind the scenes power rather than just say, you know, here are my views and this is what I think and I'm happy to debate it or whatever.


I think you're wrong. I don't like, you know, Ken Paxton's evil. Here's why they'll never do that. Because they're not honorable people. And I'm not just talking about at that company. I mean, more broadly in our society, like the people who win every bureaucratic battle are exactly the same. They're all, they operate in darkness. You know, they're never straightforward about Anything. You talked about my imp impeach. We, I came in, you were the first person I talked to about the impeachment. That was how my whole impeachment went. It was done in three days, no due process. I didn't get any information. I wasn't allowed to participate or respond all behind closed doors. And then they leak stuff to the media. That's not even true. And I've got a gag order on me and I can't talk. It's So dishonorable. How do you survive that? It's really hard. Well also how do you live with yourself?


Like how do you live with yourself if you operate that way? They Convince themselves, if I Don't like someone, I'm always delighted to call 'em on the phone and say I don't like you. And here's why they Convince themselves that like, I deserve it. 'cause I'm a bad person. Because all of this stuff is true. But none of it was true. You know why? Because it wasn't true. But why, but why do it behind the scenes? Why? Because It's because I can tell you why they, so I had friends that were called into the speaker's office, Republican House members. And they were saying, look, we need you to vote for this impeachment. And they said, well can you just show us like some evidence? Well you have this, you know, three day hearing, three hour hearing. Well there's no evidence there. Can we see some evidence? No, you're not getting anymore. Well can we like, have a little more time to like kind of figure this out? We've only had like three days.


We're gonna vote on this in three days. No, we're not giving you more time. What about like, can we talk to the witnesses? We don't even know who they are. None of 'em were sworn in. We don't even know who the witnesses against him are. Ah. And he, they said, no, we're not gonna let you do that. And he, And they said, well why is it that we can't see the evidence? Why is it that we can't see the witnesses? Why is it that has to be in three days over Memorial Weekend? And they said, because if we give Ken more than three days, he'll win. That's what they told him. That is, you know, if you find yourself living your life like that, you have to make a change. 'cause that's really deceptive. That was the Republican, supposedly the Republican house controlled by the Democrats. Oh, They're all like that. I got called in one time by executives of a company And they, they're trying to tell me that Roger Ales was a rapist who I, you know, I knew well and, and really loved, you know, was flawed guy.


Like we all are. But I didn't feel like a rapist to me. Pretty sure he wasn't a rapist. And I remember saying like, okay, who did he rape? Well You don, we know this, we just know this, you know, we had Ropes and Gray do this investigation. He raped people and well, okay, who, who were they? He goes, I know everybody. I work there. I know everybody. I can just, just trust me. If you saw what we saw you. And I was like, okay, but can you just tell me like, what were the circumstances of the rape? This is like an elderly man who's got hemophilia. I don't think he's raping anybody. Well, And they were very annoyed that I asked the basic questions. And look, I, I don't know so many things I don't know. But I did come outta that meeting thinking he didn't rape anybody.


You know what I mean? Oh, Absolutely. I see it all the time where they, people get accused of things, then they get overwhelmed by media and then they're, they get Overwhelmed and people always say the same thing. We know this, we know, look, I've talked to people, we know this. Like, look, let's just start there. We know this. Carl Roe did that to me. He went to people and said, we know this, we know this, we know this. And and they're like, well where's the proof? Right. Oh, I've got it somewhere. That's what he does. But I Do think to you just, all you need is self-respect. Like, I'm not gonna be lied to if I can help it. I'm lied to all the time and I don't know it, but if, but I'm not gonna allow myself to be lied to if I can help it. Well look what And, but people are just like, they're willing to be lied to. It's the vaccines safe and effective. Okay then it turns out it's not safe and effective And they, they don't have enough self-respect to demand an accounting of those lies.


Like, you told me this, it turned out not to be true. Why'd you do that? No one ever does that. Or they, Carl Ro shows up and is like, we know Ken Paxton's a criminal. Okay, where's everyone's self-respect? Like, I'm an adult man. You can't lie to me. Okay. It just seems like a kind of baseline. It is a baseline. And that's why when I was in the middle of that impeachment and I had no voice, I could not respond. I'm getting beaten up every day. Told my lawyers, I know you, I knew you think I'm gonna resign, but I haven't told no one. I'm gonna resign because I'm not even allowed to talk to the media. So how could I even told it? 'cause there were printing stories. I'm gonna resign. I said, I want you to know, I don't care how bad it gets. I don't care what they say these senators are going to, I'm gonna make them vote.


They're gonna, I got elected four and a half months to go by the people. Let them vote me out. If they do, they will be accountable to the voters. But I will not give in no matter what. I, I, I watched it up close and you won. It was Amma. It was amazing. It was amazing. And it was, it was hard to So how many times did you win at the Supreme Court with the pre the Biden administration? How many times? Yeah. Gosh. I mean we had 106 cases. We won over 75% of our cases. But several months that we, I can't even keep talking about. Okay. But yeah, 106 a Lot. We went there a Lot. Yeah, you sued him 106 times. So I'm kind of thinking since this is politics, that, that may have had a role in your impeachment. I Have no doubt.


You know how I know they were there. I'm convinced that Biden administration went to the house, Texas house with the Democrats, said we won him impeach. And then Biden sent two lawyers from the Department of Justice to help the General investigating committee, which is five member committee. Three Republicans, two Democrats. They had four lawyers. Two of 'em came from the Justice Department, just randomly showed up to help. Was the Biden administration involved? I don't have proof, but I'm not, I'm can't prove it. I'm not stupid. That's unbelievable. So is there any, so do you expect that Carl Roe will be involved in this primary Oh, Absolutely. He, he will do whatever he can to stop. He he, he does whatever he can to stop conservatives in Texas in general. Most of his, well Not just in Texas, nationally.


Oh yeah. All his fundraising, everything. Thinks he out to help Republicans. He goes into primaries to get Republicans. Oh I know. To take out conservatives. Oh, I know. He is not there raising money to go after Democrats. He's there to go after Republicans. What do You think he's doing? I mean it's amazing the number of Republicans who are Republicans who are mobilizing against Trump's nominees, particularly Bobby Kennedy and Tulsi Gabbard. He must be having, I, I don't know this, but do you think Carl has a hand in any of that? I would not surprise me at all. Wouldn't Surprise me at, not at All. And the reason they wanna go after those two is because they're gun, they're effective. Oh, of course. They're courageous. Of course. And they're gonna change America if they're given the opportunity. That's exactly right. And they're, you know, so sad to see some Republicans who I know well mobilizing against Bobby Kennedy And there saying we're doing 'cause he's pro-choice and Well, I'm vehemently passionately pro-life.


I have always been, I will always be. But these are all people who are themselves pro-choice. Yes. Who supported plenty of pro-choice nominees. And it's not about that. It's about the fear that Bobby Kennedy means it, that he's sincere and that he'll get something done. And by getting done, it's like fighting the corruption that controls Washington. The Thing that's most missing in, in, in political leadership is, is not knowledge of what to do or how to do it. It's courage. Yeah. And the thing that Bobby Kennedy has, he would, he will take on the Democrats, his own family and the food, the big food world. That's exactly right. And They know that. And that's what they're afraid of. And so they have to stop him.


Yeah. It's the testosterone level that scares them. That's totally, you're Absolutely right. Unafraid. He's unafraid. So in September we went across the country coast to coast, 17 different cities on a nationwide live tour. And it was amazing. And we brought the entire staff with us like we always do. 'cause we all worked together for so long and enjoy traveling together. And one of our producers is a documentary filmmaker. And so he decided to make a documentary film about our trip, a full month across America with some of the most interesting people around. Different people joined us every single night on Gino and Russell Brand and Bobby Kennedy and JD Vance and Donald Trump, et cetera, et cetera. We had The best time. And the fruit of that is a documentary called On the Road, the Tucker Carlson live tour, which is available right now on TCN on the road.


Tucker Carlson live tour is hilarious. You will like it. It's interesting. I do you think it's fair to keep a list? I mean I'm probably too fixated on this just 'cause I've lived in a republican world in Washington for so long. But I think it's fair to keep a list of like the Republicans who are working against reform, who working against Trump's best decisions, which are reform minded decisions like nominating Bobby and Tulsi. Like we should keep a list of that. Absolutely. And it should be open. We should be transparent. We should tell the world like who's working against us? 'cause they've done all this And they try to do this in secret and then they go back and tell their constituents, well yeah, I did my best.


No, they did not do their best. They were behind the scenes. This is John corn's career. This is what these people do. Transparency just like my impeachment. But transparency of a trial actually help me because the truth comes out. Transparency is what we need in government, right. And we don't get it with people. Like No, that's the People you're talking, that's, that's, I think that's really deep and true. The thing they hate most is exposure. So I've always thought that's why they hated Trump. They were worried he was gonna declassify stuff or say secrets out loud that, you know, that implicate the people running things. They hate him for that And they hate him because he also is courageous And he, he doesn't, his agenda is the American people. Yeah, no, I think that's interesting.


So you, do you think you may run against Cornin? I'm strongly considering it. I haven't made a decision. I have the spring to kinda work it out and you know, I'm still doing my job. I had a lot to do under Biden before he left. Yeah, it's a lot easier with Trump 'cause we're working cooperatively instead of having to be adversarial on everything. So, you know, I'll be looking at this spring and seeing what people see. I'm gonna travel the state and get a, get a feel for it. But I, my sense already is that John Cornyn is not loved in my state by Republicans. He may be loved by the Democrats, but he is not loved by the Republicans. How long do you think Texas has before it becomes a democratic state? It's totally up to us. If we can preserve it, we can, just like with this thing I told you about America, if we do the right things and we take care of the, the, the people in our state and we give them opportunity, we give them a good education, which the state is responsible for.


If we provide opportunities for their children, if we provide just freedom to go be The best You can be and not get in their way with regulations and taxes we give them, we will be a Republican state. Because what, it doesn't matter what your skin color is, if you get a chance to be successful, you're gonna vote with the people that gave it to you. I think that's right. I think that's right. And I, and I'm embarrassed to say that I kind of bought, I guess intuitively I didn't really think about it, but the idea that demographics is destiny. And I do think that's, there's a lot of truth in that. However, you know, Texas went from a majority white state to a really a, a majority Hispanic state and but that doesn't mean that it has to be like a dystopian left wing state at all.


Hispanics are conservative Exactly. Socially they are hardworking, they are family people And they want to be I totally agree. And they wanna be successful too. Well, but It's interesting. So that, I first heard that line from Carl Rove actually, how surprising my next door neighbor and he would always say, you know, Hispanics are natural conservatives. And I would say, well I'm from California and that became majority Hispanic state. And it just be, it just went right off the cliff and it became, you know, really, really dark socialist dystopian place. And he and I would say, so what do you make of that? What I didn't realize was it was actually the liberal whites who are the problem.


I mean that state's run by Gavin Newsom. He's not from Oaxaca, you know what I mean? Yep, exactly. He's from Marin County and, and a lot of the decisions are made by people like that. And actually Hispanics are conservative. I mean, that's real. Look at El Salvador. And so it, what what's happened though is that the party is controlled by Neoliberals like Gavin Newsom, like Carl Rove And they use the power of the Hispanic vote to affect outcomes that I think a lot of Hispanic voters reject. Right? Yeah. And look, Trump is winning counties in Texas. There you go. That have never been won before. And we are ha we are that we are having more and more Democrat Hispanic politicians move to our party and their positions are not changing.


They're just realizing. No, I agree. That the Democratic party allowing all this illegal immigration and hurting their areas and all the, those types of things, they don't want that. They, they're leaving the machine. I, I guess the only thing I would say, just as an outside observer is if the drug cartels are allowed to control the machinery of democracy in Texas, like it, it could become Mexico. Right. That's why the whole DA thing that I was telling you about is so important. I remember when I was coming into the Attorney General's office. Abbott has served as long as serving ag in, in Texas for 12 years, becoming governor. I'm now about to tie that. But it was, he was the one that told me the most powerful elected officials in the country, Texas District Attorneys, because they can do whatever they want.


They can allow any crime they want. They can let their friends commit crimes. And there's nothing that can be done to them. They are free to do what they want. Well, So we had problems like this in, in the fifties and sixties after Brown V Board where, you know, certain states just didn't wanna comply with federal law. There was, and you know, Eisenhower sent the hundred first Airborne to Little Rock and said, I'm sorry, you can't violate federal law. You can't, you're not your own country, actually. And, and you wonder like, how serious could the Trump DOJ be in reigning in this crap? No, you're not allowed to have chaos in your state. This an American state. No, I, I agree with that. I, and I, I think you're already seeing it on the board.


He's already sent federal troops down there, and I think he, as long as it's, it's following federal law, I know that Trump is going to be aggressive at protecting this country. I, I hope so. And I believe It. So here's a question I've been obsessed with recently, and I dunno the answer, but you're an attorney general. How are states allowed to have sanctuary cities an open violation of federal law? And that's not insurrection because We've allowed it. That, to me, that that should, I mean, like in our state, we banned them. You cannot have a sanctuary city and we can remove people from office that, that, that put that in place. But can states just say, we're gonna ignore federal law? I think we had a civil war over that, didn't we? No. As long as the federal law is constitutional and it is not infringing upon state's rights.


Right. You know, not every federal law is, is correct. Right, of course. But the ones that are Of course, that, that are correct, then yes. They ha it has to be followed. We're we are, you know, well These are the borders of the nation. Yes. Right. So what states do with immigration affects the other 49 any individual state. Exactly. Right. Because It does seem like there was a standard in place under Biden where illegal aliens who are by their presence committee a crime, were held to a lower standard than American citizens. We had to sue the Biden administration. We sued them specifically over letting criminals into this country known criminals. And they fought us on it. They fought us on a very, yes, we are in litigation over we, whether the Biden administration can purposely bring criminals.


And of course, all these countries were emptying their prisons to get rid of their bad people from all over the world. And Biden say, come on in. It's, it's, that's what I say, evil. Like, I don't believe they were trying to do good for America. You cannot do that and tell me, you, you are trying to help America. So how hopeful are you that we can deport millions of people? Look, I've seen Donald Trump do things that I never thought could be done. He, he said he's gonna do it. I think it's, you're not gonna get every one of 'em. But I think Tom Holman, I love that guy. He, I think there's gonna be a real serious effort to get as many out as possible. And that's really all You can do. But I think it's, I think it will be a success in the end because they're gonna one stop the, you gotta stop the bleeding, right?


We've been bleeding like profusely. And then second start moving. Don't accept the fact that these people came in here illegally and, and just let 'em stay. There will be a lot of forces raid to stop that. Obviously The, I already know the Democratic ags. I already know. I mean, I know the game plan and, and I, what's the game plan? The game plan is to sue Trump and stop 'em at every turn, legally. Go to liberal judge, try to get an injunction and then, you know, slow, just slow it down. So I know, I think California Ag already, they've already allocated 25 million to, to this fight. So I To stop Trump from deporting criminals And to, and to stop his agenda in every possible way.


So the democratic attorney jails are going to be suing and stop trying to stop all of this. The good thing is, you know, I've got one of my guys that was my offensive coordinator to sue the Biden administration. He's, he's, if he gets confirmed, he'll be in, in a strategic position And he knows exactly the game plan and how to deal with it. If You go and beat Cornyin in the Senate, which I certainly hope you will, is there someone coming up behind you who can get elected, who will be as aggressive and focused on the needs of Texans? So one of the reasons I didn't wanna leave last time, one is I didn't wanna be forced out. Like I didn't, I didn't want them to, I, I didn't wanna step away under their terms 'cause I, I just thought it was wrong. That's the spirit. So second was, I didn't, I mean, I ran against three people that I just thought would be horrible for, for that job.


They didn't know what they were doing. There are certainly people that will run that. I mean, there are, there are lawyers who've never practiced law that want that job. 'cause they're in politics there. That's not the right way. I want somebody who knows how to practice law that understands the law. And yes, there are a couple people that I know that could run and that I think might run otherwise I'd have a hard time walking away from it. 'cause I don't want to give, this is such a crucial position really for the entire country. The Texas Attorney General has the largest Republican office with the most resources and has the most ability to go fight. We have, we can attract talent. And so we have a lot of ability to take DOJ straight up. That's why we've run up one over, you know, three fourths of our cases because we can fight them toe to toe.


I just think it's, you see this weird dynamic in Texas where, I mean, there's so many great people in Texas, but all the money, not all the money, but a lot of the money in, you know, Highland Park and River Oaks, you know, your richest zip codes pretty liberal. What is that? And by the way, I know a lot of those people and I really like them. And I'm not attacking anybody personally. 'cause I know, you know, I know a lot of 'em, but boy, they, they seem to be funding people who will not continue Texas as currently organized. Like, it's, It's exactly right. So a lot of it's very strange. So this group, Texas for lawsuit reform used to take a lot of that.


They, they would funnel their money through them so it wasn't them directly. And that's the group that spent, you know, 10 million recruiting the Supreme Court justice, who was a DEI person. As it turns out, that's how we, we, we exposed that and she blew up. That's who they supported. I don't totally understand it, but it's, but They don't like you too. They're like, oh, Paxton so embarrassing. I know it's because, But if you asked 'em to run on a piece of paper, like where, what are your political priorities? They would, they would be not so different from yours. It's that whole Thing. But they don't like it when you actually try to implement what you say you believe. Here's part of what I think happened. I think that I, when I rang Astan branch, he was w as one of his best friends. Of Course I knew Dan branch, he was not, his deal was always this, I spent 10 years with him.


I would say, Hey, we need to do this. This is the right thing to do. He goes, man, what are the optics here? I'm like, who cares what the optics are? This is the right thing to do. It was always the optics. How does it look? And his voting record, You can look at it is not co consistently what most voters, most Republican voters would want. But it was for Highland Park. I don't know what it, Which is an affluent part of Dallas. Yes. And same with you were talking about River Oaks in, in, in Houston. Those, that Bush world that supported Bush. And I have family in both those places and I think they're wonderful. They're Not. No, they're not. And I like all the people and as I said, I like Dan branch. I mean, I think I'm probably susceptible to, to charm in a way I shouldn't be because like, I like all those, they're all good guys. But like they, in the end, it's considered somehow ghosh or bad to actually try and do what you say you're gonna do.


That's why they don't like you. I've just, I no offense, hope it doesn't hurt your feelings. But I've been at dinner and people are like, oh, Ken back. And you know, Ooh. It's like, why? 'cause he's doing what you say, you believe The same thing happened. What the hell? It's the same thing with Trump. People had were, I mean, I don't know, you know, you're Right, it Is, I was at his announcement at Marlo, you know, he elected officials were there to support him that first there were lots of regular people there. Me and Troy Nelson at the very first announce. Really everybody then was like thinking it might be somebody else and no one wanted to touch you weren't sure. Yeah, because you got, you had these indictments. And it's the same thing with Trump. If you actually go out and do the hard things, then you're controversial and then they attack you for being the media attack. You Yeah. They don't like it. They don't like it. And then, then people go, well, you know, we need to see.


And I'm like, okay, you're, you're, you know what? You don't want Trump because he's controversial. That means you don't want somebody to actually get something done. The people that aren't controversial are the people that don't get anything done. The media doesn't attack them. And so then all these people are like, oh, I just don't like his tweets, you know, blah blah blah. And I'm like, what? I care about what he gets done. I think it may be that rich people are so insulated from the effects of everything that they don't really feel like these arguments are existential, that they really, really matter. Whereas, you know, if you make 120 grand a year and you live in Houston and you see the city, like You can't use the hospitals and crimes outta control and like everything is changing too fast to metabolize. And you can't really, you make 120 grand a year, you can't really do anything about it.


You are powerless. And, and that's by the way, twice what the average person makes. Yes. You're like, you realize this is not a joke. They're wrecking my city for real. It can't be fixed. I think you've hit it because those people, Even those people are affected by inflation. Right. Everything is more expensive. Gas is more Expensive. No, it's totally right. The, The average American and even above average American feels all of those negative effects. Yes. Every day. If you are a billionaire, it just, you just, it just, it's, no, I, You don't care what it costs to fill 70 day fill up your gas is tank. Who you don't even think about it. You could have, It's just weird in Texas. So if you go to California, if you go to Marin or downtown San Francisco or you know, the town that I grew up in, affluent town, you know, they're, everyone's kind of openly liberal, you know what I mean?


Like, they're smoking weed with their kids and they're whatever. They're liberal. You go to Texas and you meet the affluent class in Texas. And boy, they're just great people. They're just great people who share your values. And, and I think they really do, by the way, at least the ones I know they sincerely do, but they don't feel that sense of, of eminence, of like, holy shit, we got it. This is like a crisis. They do not feel that. Well those are the people that elect me. If you look at my campaign financial reports, I usually have a massive number of people giving, but at a lot lower level than some of the other statewide officials. Yeah. The numbers are, are just staggering. I, I raise less money, but my contributions from the number of people I get, I think I, the last report I, maybe I'm off on this, maybe it's one for 8,000 contributors.


Yes. In six, six months. Well, I don't think anybody comes close to that, but it's a, it's, it's not the million dollar checks. I don't get million dollar checks. I have a much lower contribution. But I, I love it because I like the fact that the people as a group or helping me, Yes. That's who I'm beholden to. Those people. I think that's right. And there's a by the way, I just, I just wanna be clear, especially in Texas, like the rich people I know in Texas are good people with nice, you know, know, love their families, their children turn out well. Like they're good people for real. I love them actually. But I, And they would agree with everything you say, but in practice it freaks them out.


And you see this with Bobby Kennedy too. Like anyone who's kind of tuned in realize, yeah, Bobby Kennedy is like a turbo liberal. He's a Kennedy. Yeah. You know, he said all this crazy gun grabby, pro-abortion nonsense. But then you watch him and you're like, oh no, that guy's on the same wavelength as me. And he might actually get stuff done. It's only, it's it, honestly, it's the rich Republicans who, he freaks out. He scares them. I I because he for the same reason You scare them. 'cause you mean it. And they're like, ah, this is embarrassing and maybe I can't fully control it. I'm not sure I'm for this. Part Of the problem is they all talk to each other And they all get their ideas from like each other. It's, it's just almost too inbred. They don't get agree. They don't get down to talk to the people that you're, that you and I are talking about.


They don't know 'em, they're not around them. They don't live with them. So they don't feel it. Oh, you're right. It's part of what your original point was. They just don't know these people if they knew those people. I think, like you said, they're not bad people. No. They're, I think if they could connect with people that are not billionaires instead of just with each other, would I think That's totally right. It would Help them. I think It's totally right. I, I grew up in a rich person world. The greatest gift I ever got was, you know, spending time in a non-rich area for a portion of every year. And it really changed my worldview like so dramatically just having contact with people who aren't, you know, in that world. Like just getting out of it a little Bit. It's, it's called perspective a I don't have a ton of perspective, but I have like a little bit of perspective.


Right. You know what I mean? So Like that's super helpful. It's super Helpful. It is. It's super helpful. And wow, that's so interesting. Can you win if you don't have the support of the big money in Texas? Well, All I can tell you is I've been, I've been statewide for 12 years and I've won my closest primary runoffs when there weren't, you know, four people in the race was 65, 35. The last one was better, 68 32. So I just go to the people and not, I usually get outspent as long as I can be within like two to one spending, I have a really good chance of winning a primary. And I think anybody at whole is consistent on views that are, that take care of their constituents.


That's the key to winning is take care of your people. Care about them. Yeah. Well I've always thought that. But then I, up and down the ballot in state after state, you see people elected who are basically promising to destroy their own constituents and all the, the black leaders in Chicago who are like, you know, lecturing about black political power and how important it is. And then they make this the city hi Hispanic. Now they have no political power. It's like, what? I mean, I, whatever you think of identity politics, I'm opposed to it. I don't think you should be running on your race anyway. But it's just a fact that they did exactly the opposite of what they promised their constituents. And really now nobody cares what those people think. It's the same problem. People like that were taking care of themselves. They were not actually looking out for the people they said they were looking out for.


And then they, they leave him in a terrible situation. They're not better off what Donald Trump supposedly the guy that doesn't like those people when he's finished these all categories of people, black, white, Hispanic, are better off. No, I know that seems like a good thing, right? I know. But yet he's a bad guy. It's amazing. So here's a complicated issue that I think I, I know that you've addressed it in court data privacy, the idea that you ought to be allowed to have like conversations without other people listening to them. The idea that people shouldn't be able to steal information about you and profit from it. Where are we on that? So, you know, my first term was about stopping Obama. Yeah.


And so I think in two, two years that he was there, I sued him 27 times. Now I stepped it up a little bit with Biden, but we had four years with Trump. And the reason I ran the second term was to deal with this exactly that issue I saw, I saw big tech and I saw big corporations and people felt powerless because all their information is being taken. They have no control over it. They're being censored. And I'm like, how do I solve this? So I went out to Palo Alto, I spent like a year of my life going out there talking to professors, talking to lawyers who were tech experts. And we ended up putting together many lawsuits. Several against Google, several against Facebook. We just had, like, we sued Facebook because they, there's a text law that says you cannot steal somebody's face, take somebody's face or their voice without their permission.


And then once you've taken it, you have a certain amount of time, a reasonable period of time to keep it. And then you have to destroy it. And you can't sell it without their permission. Well guess what? Meta now Meta they were doing it. They just did it anyway. Yeah. Why do they care? So we sued them and we got the largest settlement between a state and a business ever. $1.4 billion. We have sued Google, I think five times we've won two of those cases. We got two settlements. But the three biggest are coming. One of them is, is about the same thing that Meta did. They stole our faces. Another was about Incognito where they told people, by the way, you go into this incognito, you sign up for this, we will not track you. Hmm. Lie they tracked us. Anyway. That's, that's a deceptive trade practice in Texas where they tell you one thing and do another. They lied and they're so big And they make so much money, they just think they can win everything.


Well the final one was, this is one that everybody thought was crazy, but we did it and now do then DOJ followed a copycat case under Biden actually where they, where Google controls 97% of the ad market. And they destroy the competition if, if you're competing. And they, we believe they cut a deal with Facebook to keep them out of it. Pay them off. And they destroy you if you're small enough. They buy you if you're big enough And they cut a deal if you're super big. And all of that's illegal under antitrust law. So we in April, we are going to trial in Texas. They delayed me for two years by forcing me into what's called a multi-district litigation. And I got put in New York. But we get a piece of legislation stuck on a bill that got us back outta that. So we're back in Texas. So we are going to take on the big tech companies, we're taking on General Motors because General Motors would sell you a car And they wouldn't tell you that their OnStar system when you signed up for it, was tracking all of your driving.


And then they're, they're selling that to insurance companies. And then you get canceled and your insurance goes up. 'cause they're tracking every, you know, every turn of your car, what time you're driving, how many months. They don't tell you that's, that's a deceptive trade practice. So, and of course we sued Pfizer and for, for lying to us about the vaccine. It was a little weird after all of that to see Larry Ellison stand up and be like, everyone's getting an RNA vaccine for cancer. What? I mean, it's crazy. I don't even know. I'm trying to digest all That. Maybe just living in ized, you know. Yeah, Exactly. But do you have a hope? It does seem, look, I'm not against, well that's the lie. I am against technology, but I don't think I should be against technology.


I should be a little more open-minded. But you know, there's a, there's a place for technological progress. Of course there is. But it does seem like it's unrestrained. It does. You know, I believe in force counterforce, I believe in balance. I believe in marriage, which is that, you know what I mean? Yeah. To forces having to accommodate one another. And in that you find a peace. I don't see that dynamic with tech right now. It's just, it just seems unrestrained. The charge of the elephants. Like nothing can get in the way. So that is the reason I saw, I saw that if we didn't step in soon and I I didn't see anybody else doing it wasn't DOJ wasn't doing it. I didn't see other states doing it. So it was my, that's why we're in the second time. My mission was, if we don't stop this now, they make so much money, they just buy their way out of everything.


So they get sued by the, you know, European Union And they just pay 2 billion. They just jack up their price. When you're making $130 billion a year, that's just a minor little tax right. For Google. So that is why I didn't just, I'm not just doing this for money, I'm asking for restructuring of Google. I don't want them to be able to do this to us anymore. They need to divest things so that there is competition in the marketplace. I'm not, I am totally free market, but one company that controls 97 per percent of the market and then destroys competition. That is not good for consumers. And that's why we have antitrust laws. So if we don't stop them now, they'll control all our speech. Wait, we still have antitrust laws. We do. You'd never know it. We've, we brought 'em back. And by the way, DOG copied our Google case.


Exactly. Biden did. Is there any hope? There's Hope. And I think, I think the fact that you see after we settled with Mark Zuckerberg, he's, he's shown up at Trump. So he was, he spent what, 400 million trying to beat Trump last time. Yeah. You're seeing these CEOs come in now they're, they're trying to keep their profit motive going and they're, it's hard to get anything done in Congress 'cause they give so much money. But I think the state ags and hopefully DOJ with Pam Bondi are key to making sure that they play fair. Look, go make billions. I don't care. I want you to go make a lot of billions. I want American companies to do well all over the world, but play fair and, and allow consumers choices.


Don't destroy choice. Yeah. And it just acknowledge that what you do has an effect on a lot of other people. And you know, it's okay for other people to weigh in and have an opinion. It's you, you get this, I mean, I know a lot of these people, you get the scent, they're so annoyed if there's any impediment to what they want, like, so annoyed. Like they can't even believe it. Like what you're getting in the way of progress. It's like, well first of all, I'm not totally convinced this is progress. Like, that's a subjective term, right. We can debate what that is. But second, like, I don't know, I, there are all kinds of things I want to do, but I have to negotiate with the people who are affected by those things to reach some accommodation. That's just what life is. But the idea, and you see this with some countries too, like, oh, you know, our neighbors don't like it tough shit.


It's like, I don't know. That's not what life is like. Everything is give And take is a give and take compromise. Well, so, and where do We get these attitudes? Like I just get to do exactly what I want. It's gonna totally overturn your life. And if you don't like it, like shut up. These are super companies, right? Companies are bigger than most countries. Yes. Yes. And they, they have more money. And I think that that arrogance that we talked about in politics, oh my gosh, it happens in business. And so not only do they want to control every market and control every, you know, transaction on the internet, but they also wanna tell you what to say and what You can, what You can say on their, on their platforms. And then they tell you they're not censoring, but they are. And so even in with the Pfizer case where we, we went and sued them, we sued them not just for lying about the effectiveness of the vaccine, which they did do sued, they even noticed.


But secondly, for trying to censor people once they found out that their vaccine didn't work, I wanna do that with this podcast. So I, what I want is Congress to pass a law preventing anyone, anyone from suing me no matter what I do. And that anyone who criticizes me is pulled off the internet and called a racist. That's pretty good deal, don't you think? Absolutely. And then if you happen to like, not participate in their little scheme with the vaccine, then you lose your job. Right. And you're listen To my podcast or you're fired. Right. Yeah. It, that does seem like an unfair business advantage. It's pretty unfair. And I actually, it's crazy because then there's no incentive for them to test it. They didn't test the vaccine. Oh, of course not. They don't have to.


Why would they? They they test it for like six days. Well they're fully indemnified. There's nothing You can do to them. So we got, actually we sued Pfizer over the vaccine. We got dismissed by a federal judge who said we didn't have, because of that federal law, our state laws don't apply. I don't think that's right. So we've appealed to the fifth Circuit saying, wait a minute, they have their federal laws. But our state law, if you deceive someone, you lie to them. That is a violation of state law. Who cares what the federal immunity thing is? It has nothing to do with our, our state laws. And that's our argument, Man, you guys, you know, there's so, there's so many arms available in the black market. I think Texas should buy some just to, for one more influence. You know what I mean? That's not my department. I always tell people they want me to go. They went, why don't you do something? Why don't you do something to lawyer?


I said, well I am. But they didn't give any guns. They just gave me like lawyers. I mean, all I have is lawyers. You Like the drug cartels is buy. I am on the dark web. Oh, hilarious. Ken Paxton, Thank you so much for taking all this time. Oh, I Enjoyed it. Thanks for having me. And I hope you crush that, John Corny. And I really do. I, we'll see. I'm rooting For you. Well Thank you. No one else agrees. But I'm in Highland Park, but I'm on your side. Hey, Thank you. Appreciate it.