
Ah, thank you. Ah, thank you for having me. Ah, I'm really glad to be here. I have to say thank you. This is, this is our 10th city, and we're going coast to coast in the month of September on the theory that it's a beautiful country and if you live here and plan to die here, you should see it.


And also in the theory that, you know, everything's censored, but you can't censor a live event. So that has really, but of all the places we've been, and this is totally sincere, I am especially grateful to be in Grand Rapids. I have, I have, I've been coming to Grand Rapids since I was a teenager. I, I grew up, I didn't hear what you said, but I think I agree with you. And I grew up in a totally different part of the country, a beautiful part of the country, but a much less wholesome part of the country. And I wound up dating a girl when I was 15, right after I turned 15, whose family was from Grand Rapids.


And so I, I had been coming here consistently for 40 years, initially trying to, you know, woo her, make the sale. It's a little harder than it was with girls where I grew up, but worth it. And I continue to think this is just one of the greatest places ever. And that the wom, and I'll just be totally blunt with you, since no one's listening, that the women Michigan producers really are at a higher level. I mean that, I mean that just the nicest and the cutest, if I can say. But just the nicest, you know, and if you're a married man in the state of Michigan, the chances are that you've been barked at this morning, very, very low, very low.


The chances that someone's just been really nice to you are incredibly high. And so it's like wild that your state is run by like the worst women I've ever seen. And it's weird. It's so weird. I, I remember telling my son when he was like eight. I was like, you have got to marry a girl from Michigan. You just have to, it just works. It's incredible hunting season. I'm gonna be hunting for. of course you are. There's understanding, kind, warm, ugh, the best. And so then I, I wake up one morning, I'm like, who is running that state?


And it really is kind of a metaphor for everything, really for the entire country. You know, if you read about Michigan, I mean, I come here a lot because of all my wife's family here and all our friends here. And one of my favorite people in Michigan is gonna be joining us in just a minute. One of the, One of the great boosters of Michigan. Trust me, I've been, I've been to a lot of places with Kid Rock and wherever he is, he is representing the state of Michigan at full volume. Really? They ought to give him a, the tourist bureau ought to give him a commission because he is the most loyal son the state has ever produced. But anyway, if you read about the state, you're like, wow, that place is really screwed up.


And then you come here and you don't meet a single person who is capable of screwing up anything. You don't meet a single, every single person you meet in the state of Michigan is kind and straightforward and nice and loves his family and muskie fishing and like all the good things loves walleye. You know, it's like who are, who are all these people who are allowing someone like Gretchen Whitmer or Dana Nessel, like who actually voted for Dana Nessel? I always wonder that nobody, nobody, there's like nobody, it was like Bill de Blassio in New York, the city of 8 million people.


You couldn't find a single one who admitted voting for the guy. And he got, you may not even know who that is, but he was a spectacularly stupid mayor that they had. He was just really just unbelievable. Like Whitmer people, like Whitmer, like Whitmer, but without the facelift. But like Whitmer, it's totally right. I'll never forget during Covid, because I'm, I've been, you know, a booster of your state. And I can do, like I can point on my hand where things are and I know what the up is. And like I am kind of a, an adopted son of the state. I've shot a bunch of your birds. I've caught a ton of your fish. I married one of your girls, like I am basically from Michigan.


And I remember someone saying to me once, like the governor of Michigan, Gretchen something who I think is actually from Grand Rapids area, amazingly banned the sale of paint in paint stores. I'll never forget this during Covid. And I was like, that's obviously an urban myth. That's a legend. That's like they're eating the pets in Springfield, Ohio. That's not really true. That can't be true. You're not really eating the pets. Actually they are. She can't really have banned the sale of paint.


Is paint a well-known vector for Chinese viruses. What? That's crazy. I know. Miss and what? And seeds. Yeah, no planting flowers during a global pandemic. You knew that. That's just like basic epidemiology. So I remember saying clearly something has been lost in the translation. That's not really real. She didn't really do that. 'cause I wanna give everyone the benefit of the doubt. Obviously no one's that stupid. And then you wouldn't like keep everyone in the state indoors, but let your husband go off to your cottage and go fishing in a boat rental that was closed to everybody else.


Like you wouldn't do that, would you? Because that would really just be like giving the finger to the entire state to people who vote for you. And then you look it up and you're like, actually like the pet eating. Totally true. And so then the question arises, well how did this happen? So we learned two things, okay? The first thing is the leaders of a place, whether it's a state or a town, or a country, do not necessarily reflect the people they lead or who live there at all. In other words, You can have a place that's amazing, that's great on every level. It's incredibly beautiful as this state genuinely is.


You can have like the best people in the entire country, And, they can be led by like a brain dead robot who bans paint sales, the name of Covid protection. Like that happens. You can't judge a place by its leaders, which itself is a kind of challenge to the idea of a constitutional republic or a democracy, because of course the core idea is the people rule, it's their country, it's their city, it's their state, it's their neighborhood, it's their nation. And the people who run it aren't kings or queens or arch dukes. They're not, it's not even a military hunter. It's just a bunch of ordinary people who are serving at the pleasure of the population.


They're the employees. It's like your housekeeper, but maybe less talented, but still your employee. And if you catch 'em stealing or being creepy, You can just, can 'em, sorry, you work for me outta here, honey. You know what I mean? Learn to paint houses. So how could it be that leaders don't reflect the essential character of a place that's anti-democratic? I mean, in other words, when you come to Michigan, if the democracy is functioning as intended, you would expect to find millions upon millions of little Gretchen Whitmers dumb people with facelifts saying nonsensical things.


But that's the opposite of what you find. So what does that tell you? It tells you the system is not working as intended. Okay? So that's the first thing you learn. And the second thing you learn is that there's a reason for that. And that's it. People who are not with the program may be mad, but they're not actually voting. But they're not actually voting. Now why is that? Well, I think I know, and I'm not here to scold anybody. I mean, trust me, there have been many times where I'm like, I know the people running for office a little bit too well to vote for them. You know? Or you just feel like, ah, what does it matter? The system's fake, obviously, you know, in 2020 you never saw a single Joe Biden.


Joe Biden didn't even exist, actually, you know, he's like a hologram at this point. But in 2020 you're like, I never met a single person who's voting for quote Joe Biden. And he got like over a billion votes. He got more votes. Or maybe more than that. I think he got more votes in the population of the earth. And you're like, you look at that and ev, oh, don't say fake. That's not allowed. By the way, that's not on Wikipedia. Wikipedia says it was totally on the level. Therefore it must be to this day, if you go on a Google product, YouTube, you're not allowed to question the last election, which is usually a sign.


Whenever someone tells you you're not allowed to have an opinion, it's pretty near proof that that opinion is true. They're not banning lies in this country. Trust me, there's no penalty for lying. When was the last time someone got busted for lying? Do you remember? That's no longer a crime. They lie to you from the podium every single day. The Biden administration's illiterate spokesperson. You can't understand what she's saying. But You can be certain because her lips are moving, that all of it is untrue. But she will never be held to account Tony. Fauci still has a secret service detail. Boo. Do you have boo Boo? Yeah, boo, yeah boo. The only people protecting him should be prison guards.


I mean, honestly, yeah, boo boo is right. So obviously there's no penalty for lying. So if they're telling you you can't say something, take it to the bank, bet your house, what you're saying is true and that's why they hate it, because it's a threat to their lies, right? So, I mean, this is all very obvious. You don't need to be a political scientist or a college graduate, you know, which I'm not to understand the basic dynamics in life, which is honest. People are not afraid of different opinions. They're not afraid of your opinion. The only people who are afraid of talking are people with something to hide.


And what they're afraid of is that you might expose them. That's of course exactly why they hate Trump. It has nothing to do with this program. Trump's like the least radical person in the world Trump's like completely moderate actually. But that's not what they care about. What they care about is Trump's irrepressible tendency to say things that are not on the script. They don't trust Trump not to tell the truth. You know, You can write a 10,000 word speech for Trump, but you can't be certain then right in the middle of it, he won't be like, get another thing and then tell the truth about you. So if you're trying to hide something really, really obvious, like, I don't know you murdered Jeffrey Epstein or something, as if nobody knows really Epstein didn't kill himself.


Are you serious? Right? Everybody already knows that. But the people who did it are really worried and did a million other things. Oh, it wasn't safe and effective. Seriously, they're worried that Trump will just go off script and tell the truth. They are not worried. They're always like, oh, Trump's such a liar. He is such a liar. He bragged about his crowd size or his hands where it's like, no, no, no. That's not why you hate Trump. If he was a liar, you'd love him. You'd vote for him. No, you're worried that he will accidentally tell the truth about you. And so, sorry, speaking of getting far afield, and so, you know, you're not allowed to question the 2020 election.


But I think just to get question, the covid vax, what else are you not allowed to question? I can't hear you. I didn't have, I'm not endorsing that. Just like you can't question, you know, human caused climate change or whatever. You can't question. You can't question for a reason. Boy, this is a, this is a sporty crowd. Go grand rapid pits, I love it. But people don't vote because they look at all of this And, they're like, you know, what's the point? The system is fake. They do think that, I find myself feeling that way at times.


Well, of course it's fake, but it doesn't mean your vote doesn't matter. It doesn't mean you couldn't overwhelm them to such a degree. They couldn't steal it. You could actually, and especially now because something wild is happening that nobody is talking about. And I almost never talk about politics because it, well, I don't know that much about it to be completely honest. Having spent my life around, and I understand it less than I ever have. I couldn't tell you how many electoral votes your state has, you know, just being honest, 2016. 16, okay, that sounds about right. 16 oh grade. So there are political experts here, but here's what I notice if you get it.


One of the reasons I don't get too into the weeds or the facts of electoral politics is sometimes it obscures the bigger picture. And the bigger picture, as far as I'm concerned, just as a observer of it, and as someone who's traveled across the country in the last three weeks, is that there is some kind of weird and huge realignment going on. Massive realignment going on. And it's not your imagination at all. Well, I mean, kid rock's coming up on stage. I mean, the guy entertainers didn't use to do stuff like this before. Crowds like this amazing, two nights ago we had Bobby Kennedy on, and I've always liked Bobby Kennedy 'cause he's a sportsman.


You know, he's an outdoorsman, he's a hunter, a fisherman, you know, and I like people like that and that's more important to me. But Bobby Kennedy was always like a liberal partisan Democrat. Actually his name is Bobby Kennedy. Bobby Kennedy. And so, you know, I, I never thought I'd wind up in a place where he had vigorously in a heartfelt way, endorsed Donald Trump was promising to work as a part of the Trump administration to help with the transition, become a cabinet secretary, all of which I hope happens, and then be greeted by a crowd of people who are probably gonna vote for Trump as a hero. What and what does that tell you?


It's not just about Bobby Kennedy, who I think is, is an extraordinary and an incredibly brave person. It tells you that the categories that we've grown up with and that have been used to describe what's happening in our country are lies. And they're designed to mislead us about the truth. And what they're designed to convey is the idea that the country is much more divided than it actually is. That's what I notice. If I, if I experience what's happening in America on my phone, which unfortunately I do, I live at the other end of the country in a really rural area and I don't know what's going on in America. So I like look up my stupid phone and I see an unending litany of sad stories about how much Americans hate each other.


You know, on the basis of politics, especially on the basis of race. But gender, two men, women hate each other. Black people, white people hate each other. Democrats, Republicans hate each other. It's all a bunch of hate. And then you get actually out into the country, and I don't know where that's taking place, but nowhere I've been, this is my 10th city, no one has ever come up to me. Not one time I've been like, I hate you for your skin color. You hate me for your skin color. I hate you for your, no one ever says anything like that. Everybody's really nice. I don't know where all the hateful people are. I mean, I do know they exist. I guess they're all in the Biden administration, but they don't seem to be wandering around the strip malls of America or the coffee shops or the hotel lobbies are all the places I've been. I never meet 'em at the airport.


Occasionally if I go skiing in Jackson, Wyoming, And, there are a lot of rich ladies waiting in the lift line. If you're at the main G moon, no, that main G moose is fine. But if you go into the Four Seasons for the Elk chili, there's always some like angry woman with a facelift like mad at you racist. Alright, so there's like 100th of the population who are super, super unhappy, possibly having an affair with the yoga instructor who are married to finance guys who are really, really angry. Not possibly, certainly, and they're really angry. But I don't see that anywhere else ever. And so then you think, well wait a second. If the experience that I have wandering around the country I was born in bears no resemblance to what I'm told, then maybe that's not the only lie they're telling me.


And maybe most people do not hate each other. Despite the best efforts of the people running the country to make them hate each other for like 60 years. All of American history taught from elementary school through postgraduate is designed to make you think that Americans hate each other on the basis of race. That's the whole point of it. It is. I'm not gonna use the naughty word you just used, but I endorse it completely. It was a synonym for false. And that's exactly what it is. It's false. That is not true. But you think about it for a second, it's like, why would they be telling you that?


And then you think about the sort of person who would want a population to hate each other. And that's like the darkest thing you could ever want for people. And if you're a parent, you know that if you're a parent, the most important thing to you is that your children love each other. That's the most important thing because they're your children. You're in charge of them. And when you die, all you leave behind all that remains of your family. All that exists of your life is the love between your children. That's where your memory lives, is in the love that they have for each other. That's the most important thing.


That's the most natural thing. You don't need to have read a parenting book or be Dr. Spock to want something like that. You just have to be a normal human being with a normal love for people. And that's true, by the way, for leaders of all organizations, from the family, the smallest to most important, to the workplace, to the military unit, to the state, to the country. Leaders, decent leaders, normal leaders want the people they lead to love each other. Only a sick and evil leader would intentionally so hatred between the people he leads, period. That's not political, that's not wrong, that is evil. That's the definition of evil.


Inspiring people to hate each other, is the definition of evil. There is no clearer sign. And by the way, that's so unnatural that it's supernatural. That's exactly what that is. You are acting on behalf of unnatural forces if you are convincing the people you lead to hate each other. And that's exactly what your governor, and particularly your attorney General Dana Nessel are doing in this state. And that's what the Biden administration's doing. It's what all of our leaders are doing and have been for a long time. And it's not working. That's the crazy thing.


I haven't always been proud of the companies that have advertised on shows have had over the years. But now that we have our own company, we decided, well, we're only gonna take ads from people we like and agree with and admire. So it is with actual pride that we announce partnership with Bass, Pro, Shops, you know, Bass, Pro, Shops You can get everything you need for hunting, fishing, enjoying the outdoors at Bass Pro. And we do. What you might not know is if for over 50 years, BassPro has been a leader in conservation efforts throughout the continent. BassPro is led by our friend Johnny Morris. He's the visionary founder. Visionary is not too strong by the way of that company. And he's put conservation at the core of their mission from the very first day. And by conservation, we're not talking about some weird theoretical climate scheme. We're talking about preserving the natural landscape, preserving the land, the natural resources that we inherited, created by God. So for the last decade, bass Pro has average giving back more than 10% of their earnings to conservation and advancing their mission. A critical mission of introducing people to the outdoors, getting them away from screens into God's great nature, advocating for the rights of sportsmen and conserving wildlife and habitat, which is essential if you hunter fish, you know? So customers were invited to round up their purchases in store and online to support Bass, Pro, Shops and Cabela's Outdoor Fund, which gets invested directly with conservation projects and organizations in the communities they serve. It's all real. So rounding up that little bit of pocket change adds up over time, particularly with a big company like Bass Pro. And it makes a big difference. So stop into your nearest Bass, Pro, Shops or Cabela's to gear up for all your outdoor pursuits, hunting, fishing, being outside. And while you're there, we recommend rounding up for conservation.


It doesn't appear to be working. If Americans believe the things they hear about each other in their country, they would've been in a permanent race war like 50 years ago. You wouldn't be able to drive from New York to Los Angeles. There'd be roadblocks of people with guns. It'd be Lebanon. But it's the opposite of that And. so that tells you just once again, that the country itself, which means it's people and it's dogs. Dogs are a reflection of the people. And we have the best dogs. Heck yes, we have. We have the best dogs in the world. We do, we do. And dogs do take on the characters of their owners.


That's true. But the people of this country are loving good people who are being led by the worst people who've ever led a country. And that is just true. I think that's true. I mean it, my loathing, my love of Americans and my loathing of their leaders deepens every day that we're on the road. It really, really does. Because the disconnect. So what can you do about it? Well, You can vote. I don't think I've ever encouraged anyone to vote ever. But I feel like in this state, it's particularly important. I'm not a political person. I'm not here on behalf of a candidate. Probably guess who I'm voting for. I actually am voting this year. I am, I am. But I do think people should vote in the state of Michigan because there's absolutely no reason you should be led by people who do not share the most basic values of the people of Michigan.


And I mean from, I always beat up on the east coast of Michigan. My wife is actually from the Detroit area. I know, boo. Oh, I agree. I know, I know, I know. And whenever I talk about Michigan, I'm like, there are actually two sides to it. And the West coast is way nicer. But the truth is, there are super nice people over there too in northern Michigan is just like a wonder. It's incredible. And none of you deserve, none of you deserve your leaders. None of you. I don't care. It's true. Even the people who vote for them don't deserve them. If I can just say, You often hear we get the leaders we deserve, that's a total lie.


No you don't. No you don't. And you see that around the world. I ended been in plenty of countries with horrible leaders. Those people don't deserve them. Nobody deserves leaders like that. And so I did hear of something really cool today. I've never done anything like this, but I'm gonna do it now. There's actually a website in the state of Michigan where You can find people who probably would vote for the candidate you're voting for, but don't vote. And You can look 'em up. The voter rules are right there. It's called 10 x votes. And You can go on there and just contact People, you know, and be like, Hey, by the way, you don't, we don't deserve this. These people are horrible and we're not horrible. We're great. And if you're frustrated with these people, even if You don't think the system works, you think it's all fake, you think they're gonna steal it in the end.


That's Not exactly true. You can overwhelm their, their mal-intent by your voting. And at the very least, You can You can give them the largest middle finger ever wagged in the face of anybody by voting against them. I do think it's important. Yeah, that finger, the one you just waved. That's right. I'm not gonna do that 'cause it's wrong. But I do love that gesture. 'cause it's just, I don't trust I'm in the word business and I don't really trust words anymore. I'm not gonna do that. Kid rock's about to be here. He literally has that painted on the tail of his plane. And I'll let him explain who that's aimed at.


No I can. I can't. If my, if my Michigan born wife saw me hoisting the middle finger in front of some of her relatives who are in this room tonight, she would look at me with a pained face in that squeaky and adorable and honestly kind of sexy Michigan accent and say to me, that's not very nice. My wife always says to me in her Michigan accent, you don't hate anybody.


I don't wanna admit that. Actually. I kind of do. But Anyway, so before I bring Kid Rock out, I would just, I, I have, we've actually thought about even moving here over the years and 'cause that's how much I love it. And, and maybe we will. I mean, who knows what's gonna happen. But if I lived here, I would just, I would, yeah. Right. Can you imagine being governor of Michigan that that would be Ah, That would be a hard job.


It would be so great though. I'm telling you, we would have Walleye day if I, but the two things I would keep in mind if I lived here, the two things I would keep in mind is that actually the people of your state are great. Your state is great. Your state is beautiful. I would not let them tell you otherwise. And even Detroit's a little better than they say, I just had dinner there it is. It is, it is. It is. I've been to a lot of crappy places around the world and everyone's like, oh, Detroit, you know, the cent and the giant fist and all this stuff.


It's like, it's actually kind of a cool city. I'm just being honest. This is a cool state. It really, it really is from the top to the bottom. It is a cool state. And by the way, when Chicago burned, everyone's like, oh, Chicago's so cool. Where did all the wood come from to rebuild Chicago? Does anyone know it came from Michigan? And what does that tell you? It tells you that everybody wants a piece of Michigan. Okay. That's the first thing it tells you. The second thing it tells you is have a little self-respect. Okay? If Illinois comes knocking and is like, we want all your stuff. So you took it once. Never again. We're Michigan. Okay?


Okay. But just remember that what you have is awesome. It is just awesome. It's people in the landscape is awesome. And it is, you know, I can understand why people leave. I am in Florida a lot and you meet an awful lot of people from Michigan I know. And they're like, oh yeah, we moved to Florida, we couldn't deal with it. And you're like, I get it. I get it. But I don't know, stay in fight. I guess that's what I would say. It's worth it. Okay? That's the first thing I would remember. And the second thing I would remember is that you're not crazy. You're not crazy. They spend all their time trying to convince you. It's such a psyop. You're crazy. I'm crazy. Have you ever seen Dana Nessel that talk about crazy eyes?


By the way, if you have time, like when you get home tonight, you got your iPhone. If You don't know who Dana Nessel is, I mean you should. 'cause she has a big effect on your state. Type in her face into Google images and just like expand it and look at her eyes. Whoa. If you've ever trapped a raccoon in the garage with a broom, no, I'm serious. And like you go through your life like, oh, raccoons are so cute, And, they little hands, they kind of have posable thumbs and they're little like rubber mask eyes. And they're so cute. You ever catch one in the garage eating dog food at night? Whoa. You realize this is a vicious analyst.


Bite your face off, right? And you know from their eyes, and Dana Nessel has those eyes. So for Dana Nessel to be calling you crazy, are you joking? No, you're not the crazy ones. And that is the beauty of an event like this is you get to be in a room and You can feel it. Even if you don't talk to anybody. You can feel the vibe. I can feel it backstage. One of the people I traveled with from Maine said to me, oh, do you feel the vibe out there with good people? You can literally feel it. And what that tells you is that the things that you want, like decent schools and roads without holes in them, and the ability to walk to the grocery store without getting mugged and like an inflation rate that's under 12% and maybe a little cottage you share with your cousins up north, like just sort of normal things.


Maybe a little continuity, maybe the right to live in a state that's not completely different from the state you grew up in. That's a right actually, they're always inventing rights. You have a right to this, you have a right to that, which usually means you're getting nothing. Okay? You shut this fucking state down. Yeah. Oh, I'm aware baby. And I'm aware, and again, you use profanity, but I'm with you. Okay? But there is a right that every person has, which is to be a little bit insulated from like having their state invaded and changed overnight. Actually, sorry, it's just true. Like you, you shouldn't wake up in a place where you were born and not recognize everything's totally different.


All the attitude's different. The people are different. The economy's totally different. That's like an act of violence against you. Actually. That's not the promise of America. The promise of America is that things get a little better. Not maybe radically better, but your kids have a shot at a little better life than you had. That's the American dream. The American dream is not that you wake up and like You don't even recognize this place. And you know for a fact that your kids are not gonna be going to the little cottage they share with their cousins up north. They're not gonna be able to afford a house. That's the opposite of the American dream. So I guess what I'm saying is what you want is totally sensible and moderate and reasonable and human and basic.


It's not crazy. It's not asking for like a fleet of helicopters or free ice cream. They're the free ice cream party. You just kind of want to go to the grocery store without getting mugged or going broke And. they tell you that you're insane because you're against like, I don't know, castrating children. That's not insane. They're insane. So just look around. Remember that Take heart. You are not the freak. Dana Nestle's the freak with sharp teeth and raccoon eyes.


Gretchen Whitmer is the freak with the facelift and the paint sales bands. You're a freak dude. If you had a cousin like that growing up and she came over to Thanksgiving, people would talk very quietly around her. Because who knows, once she has a fork in her hand, who knows what she'll do with it. Everybody has a relative like that. How does yours become governor? I don't know. But don't let her convince you that she's the normal one. She's not. Woo, sorry. And so with that, let me introduce somebody who needs no introduction whatsoever. The only thing I will add to this, I called him the most faithful, loyal son of the state of Michigan.


And he is, I will also just add one humble brag by saying he's also my friend, ladies and gentlemen, Kid Rock. Oh yeah. So dude, I, I'm, I'm in the dressing room. You mind if I start this off? Oh dude, it's All yours. I literally, this is how twisted I am. I'm in the dressing room and it's very nice. Get some cold beer in there, ashtray, a little meat and cheese tray and snack tray.


And so, you know, I'm looking at snack tray. I'm like, yeah, you got Doritos and Fritos m and m's and stuff. And I go fucking Twine. Right from the eighties. Yeah. Whoa. So I asked one of my, my friend Corey, I'm like, dude, when's the last time you had a twine? He's like, man, I don't remember. And I'm like, I remember my mom used to like put him in our lunch in elementary school, like on a special occasion. I go, I When's the last time you had a twine? I, I had one. It's been a long time. I Had one in 1987. It was my twine, right? So this time I Had a Winston Cigarette. So I thought about it again.


I'm like, I can't remember when the last time I had a twine. And no one else can either. I was like, they should rename these things, blow jobs. I didn't hear what you said. I'm working clean tonight, EV seriously, are there children here? I don't want to be using curse words if just children here. So you're a busy man and this is only my sister-in-Law calls me Tuck. It's hilarious. She's from Michigan actually.


So great. What, what do you think is going on with this election right now? I think Trump's gonna kick their ass. Honestly, I don't, it reminds me of 2016. I mean, I literally went to bed like a lot of people that night, you know, pulling for Trump on his team, you know, being very vocal. I was like, I'm going to bed and without a lot of faith. I mean, all the polls told you this. They had you convinced if you looked at any television, like there's no way he was a joke since he came down the elevator, you know? And so were a lot of us that supported him since he came down that elevator and still been getting shit till this day, which is fine, I kinda like it.


But it reminded me of that. And then woke up the next morning like, Trump won. I'm like, what? I, you know, and I, it, it just has the same feeling to me. I'm not a vibey person, but it just has that feeling to me, what's going on. I mean, I don't know how You can look at this. I mean, did you see that Oprah thing yesterday? I I, I did. But I would for those, I don't know how many faithful Oprah watchers we have in this, in this room, but tell us about it. I think everybody's, I don't know, at least I, I didn't watch it, but I caught wind of it, you know, on, you know, the morning news and stuff. It was a joke.


It was a complete joke. Well, well, well in the, in the interview that you're referring to Kamala Harris, like the big fact of the debate from my perspective was the fact that Kamala Harris owns a gun. And Yeah, but nobody has. But What, how, why is she allowed to have a gun? But nobody, not nobody. And that she's done her little interviews with or anything that says what kind of gun do you own? Yeah, Exactly. You know, just start there. You know, is it a red ride or BB gun? Do you have a shotgun? You know, what size caliber bullet do you shoot? You know, do you practice with your arm pieces for self-defense at home? She just says, I have a gun. And everyone going, oh my God, she's so middle, she's so in the middle.


And then you got this. I'd like to watch her clean it And then while we're at it, then you got this ass clown Tim Walsh, right? Oh my God. Oh, I'll get him, I'll get him it. Don't mess with a songwriter or a comedian. So I'm listening to this guy and he honestly reminds me of like, I think of a few junior high and high school teachers that I absolutely hated, right? Mr. Self-righteous, Hey Guys, if you're gonna do it this way, you know, blah, blah, blah. I'm right, I'm right. You know, I coach football, this, that, and the other. And then he is, you know, you know, wearing a camo hat, like, I'm, I'm the best shot. I like to hunt. I'm a hunter.


I'm like, yeah, what do you hunt Coxs and Dicks? I Don't know why. And that I don't want to be Unfair or whatever, but every time I see him talk, I think of that scene from airplane Where the pilot's like ever seen a grown man naked. Johnny, I'll tell you this much that Tim Walsh has seen one up close, if you know what I mean. I can't Confirm or Deny. I told Trump actually when he, you know, we more have fun together. I'm not the big policy guy. I'm, I'm happy to give my opinion if asked or whatever, but you know, I'm not a political scientist. I'm an average person when it comes in regards like that, like most people.


But you know, we're always looking for a, I like the fun name game, you know, this, that and the other. And, and I was like, we got something for Tim Walsh yet. I was like, how about tampon Timmy? Right? And I think, I think even Trump said, eh, it might be a little too far. I got all sorts of him, you know, I'm like, you know, one of his, my favorite policies of Trump is, you know, without starting wars, it, what do they call that again? Strength through strength. Peace through strength. Peace through strength. I think that's genius. of course, if it was my policy, I'd call it fuck around and find out.


I think it's a similar principle. Most of us, well actually all of us go through our daily lives using all sorts of quote free technology


without paying attention to why it's quote free Who's paying for this? And how. Think about it for minute. Think about your free email account, the free messenger system you use to chat with your friends. The free other weather app or game app you open up and never think about. It's all free buddy, is it? No, it's not free. These companies aren't developing expensive products and just giving 'em to you 'cause they love you. They're doing it because their programs take all your information. They hoover up your data, private personal data and sell it to data brokers and the government and all of those people who are not your friends are very interested in manipulating you and your personal political and financial decisions. It's scary as hell and it's happening out in the open without anybody saying anything about it. This is a huge problem. And we've been talking about this problem to our friend Eric Prince for years. Someone needs to fix this. And he and his partners have, and now we are partners with them and their company is called Unplugged. It's not a software company, it's a hardware company. They actually make a phone. The phone is called Unplugged. And it's more than that. The purpose of the phone is to protect you from having your life stolen. Your data's stolen. It's designed from a privacy first perspective. It's got an operating system that they made. It's called Messenger and other apps that help you take charge of your personal data and prevent it from getting passed around to data brokers and government agencies that will use it to manipulate you. Unplugged commitment is to its customers. They will promise you And, they mean it, that your data are not being sold or monetized or shared with anyone from basics. Like its custom libertas operating system, which they wrote, which is designed from the very first day to keep your personal data on your device. It also has, believe it or not, a true on off switch that shuts off the power. It actually disconnects your battery and ensures that your microphone and your camera are turned off completely when you want them to be. So they're not spying on you and say your bedroom, which your iPhone is. That's a fact. So it is a great way, one of the few ways to actually protect yourself from big tech and big government to reclaim your personal privacy. Without privacy, there is no freedom. The Unplugged phone You can get a $25 discount when you use the code Tucker at the checkout. So go to Unplugged dot com slash Tucker to get yours today. Highly recommended.


So you are Like often Photographed with Trump. I just happen to know for a fact. I, and I don't know if it's widely known that you're like legitimately close to like, you know Trump very well And have known Him for a long time. And I've heard you Describe what he's like. Would you mind? He's the greatest. He's, he's, well, well just, you know, you don't hear a lot of people talk about him as, as a friend. of course. You know, when I really got to know him, he was president. That was very enamored, very nerve wracking. Like it would be in any situation at first. And I mean, after, you know, our first, you know, I had dinner with him in the White House and that was great. And then, you know, our first time golfing, it's like, it's when he's The president, it's, it's a shit show.


You know? It, it's, you know, you're trying to tee off, you're like, Jesus Christ. It's just, You can imagine everything going everywhere. And I swear by the second hole, it's like, this guy is one of my oldest friends. Like, he's just like, my dad's out there with us, God bless him. And he is like, don't smoke or drink around The president. He's like, don't light up that cigar and don't drink beer around The president and like third home like, Mr. President, you mind if I smoke cigar? He's like, no, I can smoke cigar. I'm like, cold beer on this course. He's like, you want some beer? You want I got, I got Hershey bars.


Keeps these, keeps these huge Hershey bars in his, well he, he's just such a down to earth fun guy, you know? And I've seen him with his grandkids, with his children. A lot of people don't like before where we go to golf sometimes. He's like, Hey guys, I gotta push back a few minutes. I'm gonna go hit some balls with my granddaughter or something like that. A lot of people don't see that. I mean, just when I was, I was just in Detroit introducing 'em for a National Guard event, right? And I took my mom with me and it was really great. And my mom had all these years and never got to meet him. 'cause my dad always went with me and my brother and all that. But, so I took my dear sweet mother, she loved, it was great. But right before I'm getting ready to go introduce him, he's got an orange soda, like a Fanta, right?


And you know, and someone's introducing me and he's like, you want a sip? I'm kind of like, and I, I really didn't. And I'm like, I'm like, no sir. Like remember when people used to drink outta the same bottle, just normal shit. Like, he's not a weirdo. They make him out to be some crazed freak in the press and like, you know what I'm, and they've done that to us all. They've done that to you. They've tried to do it to me. I, I'd rather like it myself, you know, like, go for it. Like, but he's just, he's just a terrific human being man. And he's, he's so much fun to be around.


So much fun to be around. I I, I think If there's one thing I'd say about Trump that I don't think he gets, gets credit for and really deserves credit for, I think he's one of the funniest people I've ever met in my entire life. Hands down, hands down, hands down. Funny. I wonder if I should tell this story. I think you should. Ah, let's go. Oh, it's so good. I, I hate to speak outta school. You know what? I No, you're You're in school. We're in Michigan. Ah, fuck it. It's fun. Alright, so, well, the first times when the White House having dinner was Sarah Palin Trump invited Sarah, this is very early when he had just gotten into the, into the White House and, and Trump said, invite some interesting people.


So she called me and Ted Nugent, right? Pretty interesting dinner party. So we go in the Oval Office to meet him and he's just wide open like kid, like blah, blah, blah, this, that, and the other. And then we conversate, take some pictures. He's like, anybody wanna wash their hands? I'm like, I do kind of a germ freak. So we go in this little room and we're like, we're literally like sharing a bar of soap. And I'm like, man, this is weird. Weirdly awesome, right? And then he goes, rock, come here. And we walked outta this other room, left of the Oval Office and we're standing, there's some papers and like Fox News and a picture of George Washington.


And he goes, you know what this room is? I'm like, no sir. He is like, this is the Monica Lewinsky room. And I'm like, and I literally, I felt like I was his stepbrothers. I'm like, did we just become best friends? Like, and so I yelled down the hallway through the Oval Office. I'm like, Audrey, Sarah, Ted, come here, come here. They come down to get in the room. And I'm like, do you guys know what room this is? And and they're like, no. And I'm like, sir. And he's like, it's the Monica Lewinsky room. I'm like, yes.


That's just fun. That is so gr. I Mean, and I've been in, I've been in, I've been fortunate enough to be in the White House a lot of times through the Kennedy Center Honors. When you go there and do things, you get to come to the White House and been invited for different things here, And there. And pretty much got to be around every living president at some level. Like actually spend a little time with him. And that first time we're in there having dinner, he is like, have you ever seen, have you ever seen upstairs private residence? I'm like, no. He's like, do you want, I'm like, yeah. And his, his knowledge of American history, every painting in there, he's like, this is Andrew Jackson and he did this, this, this and this.


Like every, it was like a history lesson. The doctors were great. He walks by the doctors, he goes, doctors are great. He's like, Hey guys, if I drop off a heart attack and you bring me back, they're like, yes sir. He is like, they're the best, they're the best. Like, we're just having fun. I'm drinking a beer. We're going through. We go upstairs, he's like, there's a Gettysburg dress. I'm like, holy shit. Like, it's like Lincoln bed. We're in the Lincoln, here's a queen's bedroom. I'm just like, oh my gosh, this is mind blowing. But that's, you know, just how down to earth he is. You know? I guess I don't think I'm anybody more special of any other friend than he has. I just, that type of guy he is like, and, and the one thing he said about that, when he's showing us around, I go, I can't believe you're showing us all this. He goes, this is the people's house.


This is your house, Man. That says It all right there. That says it all. And there's been a million other instances that I, that I probably can't recall right now. And rock and roll has not been too kind to my memory. I think you're doing pretty well considering the road Miles West. So why do you think, why do you think A certain sort of person hates him so much? I can't understand that it's okay because it's a level of hatred. I've only gotten it one time and it was a kid that was drunk. I had a MAGA hat on somewhere.


And actually you were involved. Now that I think of it naturally, the kid comes up at this restaurant we have in Nashville and he's like, And he's kind of standing there and I'm like, there's some politicians in there. I think he looked like he might've been a military kid. And lot people come up and say Hello, pic, life Life's turned into a picture as you know, this, that and the other. And I'm kind of looking at him. He is like, fuck Tucker, Carlson, fuck you Trump hat. I'm like, ah. I'm like, okay, well you done yet? Yeah, let's go.


That's like literally one of the only times. But why people hate 'em so much? I don't know. I guess they hate winners, jealousy, envy. I, I can't figure it out. You know, they, I've, I've heard, I've talked to my democratic friends. I have a lot of liberal friends. Obviously the business I'm in, you know, it's kind of what it is. And, and I can be friends with anybody. They can think differently than me. That's fine. You know, and I'm happy to give 'em my side And, they give me theirs and we can crack a beer and it's all good. It's no problem. But, you know, they, they're like, he lies, he does this, he does that. I'm like, what channel are you watching?


Because it's, it's, it's honestly, it's different on Fox News. And I watch 'em all, you know, I watch Bill Maher, I've been on Bill Maher's show. I watch CNNI watch Fox News. You know, I'm a little bit of a news whore, you know? I mean, not sure how healthy it is. You'll Watch anybody you just like to watch. Well, honestly, I don't, I don't know the what's what'd you say? Sorry, I'm not calling you. Pete did. He's just kidding. Whoa, now whoa, whoa ho. Sorry. Working blue for a minute. Well that's crazy. A thousand bottles of lube. That's a lot. It's a lot. It's, well, You know, but I did think of that and I'm like, I always try, believe it or not, to try to find the positive in anything.


You know, I at least search for it before I turn into negative Nancy. And I'm like, you know, sometimes Costco just has a good sale. He can't pass it off. You gotta get The pallet. Yep, I got it. I did that with styrofoam cups one year. They're still in the garage. A little different. So you are in this business, you've been in this business, entertainment, music among artists your entire life. And I bet there are some who agree with you, but there are very, very few who've been as honest about having the views that you have.


Was that a tough decision? I mean, it's gotta be a decision. You are in a business. Why'd you make that decision? I mean, part of it was, you know, I got older and wiser, but to be honest, like I had the money in the bank and at the end of the day I, when I really thought about it, I just sounds hokey, but I just care about this country too much. And, And I said, you know, I kind of said, you know, and it wasn't really a conscious thing. I just started kind of doing it, you know, getting involved. And one thing led to another and it was, it was like, you know, it was kind of, you know, I had a couple talks with just friends.


I'm not one of these people that has this big machine team, have this big team around them where, you know, every, clearly every tweet's not screened. Yeah, I, I picked up on that. Everything comes outta my mouth or the decisions I make, it's, I take responsibility for it all. It's me. There's no filters in there. But when it came it was like, you know, there's gonna be no corporate deals, this, that and the other. And I'm like, good. I'm like, I'm, I'm so sick of dealing with those. I'll try not to curse so much. You know, and the BS that goes on in these corporate things. And I've only aligned myself with, you know, things that Coors Light had to deal with them. I had deal with Jim Beam, had to deal with Harley Davidson and Chevy trucks.


It's like, these are all things that, you know, I was involved in but, and still Even those, I used all those things like dealing with the corporate bullshit. I was like, yeah, if I never see that again, I could care less. And there's no amount of money on the face of this earth. 'cause I've turned down tons of it that would ever get me to be vocal or be somebody I'm not. And then people would see somebody different than who I really am. And I, I just gotta say, you make it sound easy. I know a lot of people in your business, in the entertainment business, obviously And, they don't reach the same conclusion you did. Actually. I think it's a harder decision than you're admitting.


Like I said, I had the money in the bank, so it was, you know, a lot of people don't wanna mess with their bottom line. A lot of people, anybody, this goes for anybody, they don't, you know, they're scared of their social standing, you know, God forbid mom drops off the kids at school with a MAGA hat on. You know what I mean? You're like, oh, You know, all of a sudden, you know, you're this, this polarizing, you know, divisive person because you said, I wanna make America great again. It was like, how dare you? You know? It's just, it's people are scared. I'm I one thing, I've been a lot of things. One thing, I've never been as scared, that's for sure.


Amen. So has it, do you th do you think it has cost you? No, I was planning on it probably, you know, like, Hey, you have the potential to give up a lot. And I'm like, I don't care. It's like whatever this tells me it's the right thing to do. This is what my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ tells me. It's the right thing to do And I'm gonna follow my heart. And you know, it's crazy 'cause there's some times where it goes like this and it's, you know, it's very vocal. The last however many years and the last full tour I did a few years ago, the only thing I did to promote it was the thing I did with you.


That was it. And to one piece of present, we sold out every city on that tour. And you know, it just goes to show you if, if, if you speak your truths, and I mean, they have to be your truths. Not something you heard, not something you're repeating to get somewhere to get to a certain stature. But if it's really your truths, you, your families, your friends, things you believe in, like good things will come. That is where I, I I love hearing hearing you say that. I think it's true. Where did you learn that? I don't know. Detroit, You know, that's what I'm saying.


You know where I learned a lot of that when, when I was very young, I was like the white kid that hung out in the, in the black areas and I was a DJ and I break dancing and all this stuff. And I remember back then, like if I would try to fit in like back then, wear like a troop suit and have on like this cool hip hop stuff. What, What's a true, what's a troop Suit? Like LL Cool J used to wear him. It was this big thing in the eighties, like it was some straight hip hop shit like, you know, and I was really this nerdy little kind of, you know, white skateboarding kid, you know, that came from a really nice middle upper class family from Romeo, Michigan. But I'm like, you know, thank you. I'm very proud of that. And, and my friends would kind of be like, man, what's the matter with him?


That boy's confused. Like, you know? And then when I would kind of just be myself and I'd kind of have on my nerdy painter's cap and my skateboard gear, and I'm doing my DJing, like, people responded more that I was just myself, And. they, people could see, people can see through you. They can tell if you're real or not. And so I kind of learned that through that experience, young. At least that's one of them. That's so smart. So how, okay, so you now spend part of the year, obviously you're still in Michigan a lot of the year, but you are also in Nashville, which is really the center of the music business. And like everybody in the business seems to live there. How do they treat you? Well, I feel I have to, I feel I should just tell the people of Michigan that I, I said for years, there's no way I will ever live outta Michigan.


Ever. Right. I live in Nashville now, and I'll tell you why I, I'm still up in Charlevoix all summer long and, but you know, I, I never thought I would have another residence from Michigan. I figured, you know, I'd die a Michigan resident. That's just the way it was. And, you know, have other homes because I've worked hard and been blessed. My son, you know, he went to school and raised him in Clarkston, Michigan. He went to St. Orchard Lake St. Mary's. And then he went to college at a small Christian school called, called Belmont. Had my granddaughter while in college with his eighth grade sweetheart. They eventually got married.


I have my second grandson now, but after he finished college, he was in Nashville for several months. And I'm like, and I was at a condo down there, kinda like a little party house, and it was no fun. And so I finally know when I'm like, well, son, I'm like, when are you coming back to Michigan to, you know, learn how to sweep the floors and maybe figure it out and work your way up and run one of these businesses. He's like, I'm not coming back. I'm not coming back to Detroit, not coming back to Michigan. I'm like, you're not coming back to the Mecca of Detroit. I'm like, Hmm. I'm like, yeah, okay.


All right. I'll be right there. So, so my son and my grandkids probably to Nashville and it's, it's been great. But there's, there's nothing but Michigan in my heart till I die.


The most interesting and newsworthy television show of the year is coming here to TCN We are not bragging. That's actually true. The president's been shy. I repeat. The president's been Shy. So, our longtime producer, Justin Wells and a team have been embedded with no publicity at all with Donald Trump on the campaign trail for months. Know the only crew capturing what is going on on the campaign in real time intimately. They're with Trump as he campaigns for the presidency across the country. And they've shot some amazing footage. It shows you what it's really like in there. So if you're a member, you'll soon be able to get this docuseries covering the historic campaign. The fall of Joe Biden Never before is seen footage from the assassination attempt at the Butler Township Pennsylvania Trump rally. and a lot more, it's gonna pull back the curtain completely. They are embedded inside the campaign. I can't wait to see it personally, but to get it first, go to Tucker Carlson dot com, become a member, the greatest television event of the year. We're proud to offer it.


So how did the, How do the other artists, like when you're, you know, sitting around your house, you have people over your studio, your dinner, wow, what a lighter. That's serious. Speaking of the eighties, that's an eighties lighter. Did, I mean, do you ever have like, political, I mean, are they on your side secretly, do you think? Who's that? The other artists In Nashville. I mean, Nashville's a lot more conservative, obviously from the country music scene. But honestly, I mean, I mean, I, I hang out with everybody. I can care, you know?


I mean, there's a short movie thing. I dunno if anybody's seen it, did it years ago with Sean Penn. It's called Americans. It's on YouTube. And it's about, you know, thinking differently, having completely different political views and how basically thinking differently is what made this country great. You know, I'm still gonna hold my views, you're gonna hold yours, but we can find more in common at the end of the day, you know, there's some things I'm just not gonna budge on. And some People, you know, like, like old Democrats didn't scare me. Blue dog Democrats, we called them, you know what I mean? Like Al Gores from Nashville, like Robert Kennedy Jr. If he would've ran like and got elected, it doesn't scare me. It's these fricking weirdos, you know, these far left Marxists borderline communist freaks, socialist weirdos that creep me out.


Are there still, I mean, a sincere question. I don't know the answer, but there used to be, you know, for generations a hundred years union Democrats in the state of Michigan who were like pro-America, hunters, fishermen, you know, masculine men, for example, actually And, they were democrats. 'cause that's what the UAW did. Do those people still exist? I mean, obviously the lines have been blurred big time in a good way because they've taken so much for granted. I mean, look at Trump had minorities, you know, working better wages than anybody else and, and ever in the history, you know what I mean?


And it's like, and everyone's like, that guy's a racist Nazi. You're like, what are you talking about? You know what I mean? And, and you know, I I think people get complacent. They always do, you know, at the top of anything. And Democrats, clearly, I I hate to sound like, you know, broken record repeating, talking points we hear all the time on the news, but you know, they, they take the black vote for granted. They take the union vote for granted. You know, they just, they just, you just think these are like, you don't, we don't have to say anything. These are just, you know, we're pro and we're gonna like, you know, give you money. It's, you know, the big pork thing in DC and, and it's When, when you hear Kamala Harris say that if the government knows you have a gun, they have the right to barge to your house and inspect it.


And. they can, they can barge in. They're going out in a body bag last time, last time I checked the second amendment means something. Yeah. And by the way, you know, it brings it to the point of the first Amendment. Like how important is that? And you know what it is, you can't protect the first amendment without the second. So you don't think barging in your house and confiscating your weapons is common sense gun gun reform. Yeah, probably not. I, the problem with the common sense laws is like, I'm a common sense person.


Like I can talk to some of my calm left wing friends, And, they like suggest these things, this, that, and the other, other. I'm like, okay, that makes sense, right? You know about being responsible to lock your gun up or keep it out of the reach of children. Like, I get it. Absolutely. Problem is if they impli imple, implement that into law, the way I see it, these, these dumb shit attorneys that drop all these bills, they'll flip this wording so fricking bad around that. They'll take advantage of these laws and it will keep going like this. And take and take and take. If we had sensible people, everything would be fine. But you know, you got people that scam on everything. They scam on their insurance, they scam on this.


It's the guy that, you know, when you're in line to get off and he comes around and cuts right in. It's these People, you know, there's tons of them everywhere, And. they screw everything up for everybody. You know what I mean? So you just can't have so many just decent common things, you know, in line. Trust me, there's ways to have fun, lots of fun without being an idiot. Name three. What? Name three. Rock and roll playing in a band. Hell, when I was younger, I, I I did drugs and I wasn't an idiot. I mean, there's times when I got vocally like, oh, maybe I shouldn't have said that one.


There have been times I've seen the videos. There have been quite a few times. Absolutely. I say drunk man's words are sober man's thoughts. Like, But you, when you were on stage, I think it was in your bar attacking Hillary Clinton, did you ever think I could wind up like Kaddafi offie? That's the most confusing thing I've ever. What was that? You can I can wind up like Jeffrey Epstein, like maybe there are certain people I shouldn't criticize because they can hurt me. Nah, I mean, there's no way to live life.


No way to live life. You know, looking over your shoulder scared about what you said, you know, might offend somebody, And, they might kill you. I mean, it reminds me like when my sister, you know, when I got money and she controls a lot of my business stuff, was like, you have to get rid of your diving board. I'm like, what? She's like, the insurance won't, you know? I'm like, that's enough. I had enough of this shit. All kids wanna jump on diving boards and other pools. Someone might crack their head and if they sue me and take everything I got, fuck it. I'm like, I don't care. I'm like, I'm not gonna live life like that. Do, do you still have the diving board? Well, I, I have a new house. It's way worse than a diving board.


It's a vanishing edge pool with, with no protection that goes down a mountain. Wow. That sounds like the world's most dangerous swimming pool Or, awesome. So I, I do wanna ask you, I've thought this of you many times, but you've been in this like 30 years and most people who've been in your business, the rock and roll business, touring entertainers, artists, I mean, they're, if they're still alive, they're in worse shape than you are. What do you mean? Well, yeah, so what's your secret? You know, my son kept me very grounded.


Being a single father. My mom kept me in check, making me be as good a father as I could be, also helping me out. But, you know, I, you know, her and his godparents, my sister, our cleaning lady, my production manager's mother who lived with us, had so many good people around to help me raise, raise my son, you know, chokes me up. But that, that, that right there, that only allowed me to be an idiot from like Thursday to Sunday morning Rest. I had to, you know, parent teacher conferences had to drive to school and field trips, you know, and, and this, that and the other, and everything else.


And, and then finally, you know, years back, you know, I just figured it out that let's replace those bad habits with good habits. I still, it's Friday night, I've worked my ass off all week, just came from rehearsals. I'm gonna have a beer. It's just, I'm not the weird one. You know what I mean? I don't do this every night anymore, five days a week. I'm on a strict health regimen, this, that and the other. I took my bad habits and I replaced those with good habits. And that's really what I did. Amazing. Do you know other people in your business who've done that who were still around? Like guys you started with? Few of them. Yeah, few of them. Yeah, a lot of them. There was, well I think Scott staff changed his life around.


He was pretty messed up for a while. Trust me. And I hear, you know, creeds back doing great stuff. I know. So, you know, it is possible. It's not a story you hear very often. A lot of time it's like, you know, you know, the band breaks up, you know, like, screw you, screw you. We all hate each other and blah, blah, blah. And then 10 years later they're like, you got any money? They're like, no. Do you? They're like, I don't either. They're like, we're getting the band back together. Reunion tour. We, we were driving from Detroit to Ecma, Michigan last summer and Ecma, ECMA Portage Lake, and it's like, what?


Three or four hour drive. And we had, we had played this game in the car where we can only listen to music from Michigan. You were on there. Must have been an awesome Ride. It was, but that's my question. Okay. And that I'm not even mentioning Motown. Like You can just go, I mean, you could drive from here to Fairbanks and just listen to Michigan music drive From here to China, put your, yeah. Put your car in. So why, why has this state produced so much good music? Well, I think it was, you know, the migration from the south, you know, and, and all the, everyone came to work in the industrial revolution in the auto industry. Some people stopped in Chicago. That's where you got like the blue scene that formed. And then other people kept going because you could get this wage and you could work and get off at three o'clock and you could play at the bars at night.


That's where you got, So the sadder people stopped in Chicago, And, They did lose whatever it was back then. You know, people, man, we can go work up there and make money and be, you know, be treated pretty decently. You know, Even, those, it was pretty horrible in those factories back then to a lot of these people coming from the south after this time, you know, dark period in our history and And, they came up here and, you know, you get off the planet at three o'clock or whatever, you go play the bars, you know, or vice versa. You get off at a certain time and that, and you had all this melting pot of people come from everywhere to come for this industrial revolution. I think the combination of that, you know, from and having, you know, jazz and blues here, everything, you know, the oldest jazz club is in Detroit, a a Baker's keyboard lounge.


Thank you. Yes. Baker's Keyboard Lounge and you know, John, John Lee Hooker writing those songs down in Hasten Street. Oh, mama Had a dream last night and know, and then it just goes on and on from there. It's the prison of soul music and Motown and, you know, rock and roll and house music and you know, hip hop. And it just, you know, it hasn't stopped. You think, you think the leadership of Michigan will get better? I fucking hope so. Jesus, Gretchen Shimer. So that's not an endorsement. Do you know anyone who voted for Yeah, it was an extended family member.


What did, did the extended family member explain why? I don't know, but ah, man, this is a tough one too. Be talking about family, but it's like most of these people are like divorced, overweight, pissed off at the world, you know, angry at every man alive. And I've, my gut tells me those are the women that voted for her. I think that's probably the deepest thing ever uttered on this stage. And the truest, my personal research on the question confirms what you just said.


So it would be good to have a happy governor with happy voters in a happy state. Someone shouting, Kid Rock for governor. Would you run for governor of Michigan? What's That? That's actually why I came tonight, was to announce my candidacy. You know, you'd, the funny thing is you'd probably win and you'd probably be great. Yeah, that was messed up when I was doing that little senate bit, by the way. Trump asked me about that for like three years after it was done. And I came out, I was like, Hey man, I was just screwing around and I was winning.


Like, actually my brother saw Debbie Stabenow, like backstage at one of my shows. I know Boo. And and she's like, and my brother's like, what are you doing here? She's like, I just wanted to thank your brother. He raised me so much money with that little senate stunt. And I'm like, oh shit. Like I, I wasn't planning on that. I backfired a little bit. Don't you think you'd have fun doing it though? No, I don't think any, I don't think anybody should have fun doing it. I'm sick of every politician on every side thinking they're a fucking celebrity. You know what I mean? When the celebrities should really be the people who fight and die for this country who keep their mouth shut and do their job, go to work every day.


And then you got these politicians who are like, well, I just got office and I wrote a book and you know, I got a job at Fox News now and I'm on CNN and I'm over here and I think I'm a big deal. Want a selfie with me? It's like you're supposed to be doing a service to your country. And the reason we can't get any good people is because it's like, when people say about Trump, well, he said, grab 'em by the pussy and like this. And it's like whatever. We're not electing the deacon of the church. All right? You want someone who's gonna keep you safe, gonna lower your taxes, you know what I mean? It's gonna protect you and your family values. And, and there's nobody in here cast the first stone. You know, he has no sin. You know what I mean?


We all got some dirt somewhere. You know, you run for office and they're gonna dig it up and they're gonna drag you through the mud and punish your family and your friends. Who would want that job? We have some of the smartest people, the smartest people in this country that I guarantee you would give 2, 4, 6 years, eight years of their life to make this a better place. To say like, I've been very successful if I can sacrifice, which I think Trump has done, didn't take a paycheck when he is in office. He's a fricking billionaire. He's got a hot wife, he's got real estate all over the world. And he is like, no, let run for president. Somebody take a shot at me. You know what I mean? Try and kill me because I wanna help this country out.


I mean, if that's not conviction, I don't know what is, you know, that was Pretty Close. I would say just drinking beer on a Friday night with Tucker and some friends. I know you've talked to 'em in the last month. That didn't even if, if someone shot me in the face, it would give me pause. I must say He didn't even seem to slow down. No. And I think he said that the other night on Gutfeld, which I thought was great.


I actually told him, I actually told him, I said, sir, I go in that, that setting with several People, you know, that are, that are smart, funny. I go, you shine like a diamond. You know what I mean? It's just not talking policy over and over again. I go, you were funny, engaging, you still had your, you know, your points. I mean, if You don't know what Trump's policies are right now, you must live in a fricking cave. You know what I mean? We understand what he wants to do and we un we, this is the first time I know I'm getting off track, but I tell people, like, I was talking to some people in my band today at rehearsal, some of 'em are democrats, you know, this says some of 'em are gay, this, that, and I don't give a shit. I'm like, but it's fun to have discussions. And the way I broke it down to one of my band members was like, you know, just think of it like this.


This is one of the only times in our lifetime, certainly. And, and I, I don't, I think it's only happened twice before. You have to fact check me. But where you have forget you, you don't even need these people, Kamala Harris or Trump to say anything. They both have four years of a track record period. You don't need to look any farther. Just check their homework. Okay. Kamala Harris, D minus Donald Trump a plus. Boom, I'm gonna vote for the guy that got the A plus. You said that you watch all kinds of media.


Yeah. Who drives you? Craziest. Who drives me? Craziest man. There are a lot to choose from, obviously. Yeah. Yeah. Not really media, but I mean, none of 'em drive me crazy. I just, I just laugh it off, you know? Like, I don't let people get in my skin like that. I could, in case you haven't noticed, I can give a frog's fat ass. Nobody's getting under my skin like that. How much time do you spend watching the View? You know, sometimes I'll watch the morning programs and then I get done with my workouts coming here, and when I come back down it'll be on, you know, 'cause I didn't change the, I like to watch Varney Fox business.


I love Varney. I do too. But if, you know, if I didn't flip it before I went up to the house, do my other workout and like come out, it'll be on and I'll be like, pop a bag of popcorn and be like, I see what these bitches got to say today. Yeah. They annoy me. They, they, but, but at the same time I'm just laughing at 'em, you know what I mean? I'm not, you know, like, oh my gosh, they ruined my day. I'm like, look at these hoes. CNN doesn't make you mad. I mean, it's more fodder than mad.


Yeah. I mean, you know, what makes me mad is like, every time I go to the fridge, I open something up and it's got like a little plastic label. Get that thing off, alright. And I'm unscreen like, I got get this thing off it and I'm like, God, son of a bitch. I'm like, that pisses me off. I'm like, why? Because there's some fruitcakes running around that want to put weird stuff in your food. I'm like, we should just execute these people, like get 'em out of the gene pool. Like, that's what pisses me off food. So food packaging is your top issue, would you say? Yep. I'm in my fifties too, man.


I, I feel you. Why does every apple have to come with a little plastic stick sticker sticker on I you get a piece of fruit, you're like, you washing your feet, like, oh fuck somebody put a sticker on this thing. Like, but that's never brought up in a single presidential debate. And I'm wondering why. Well, if you'd like to see, you know how it really goes. I should moderate a debate. I mean, can you imagine if we just talked like everyday people, and I know everyday people don't all use curse words, but I mean, my mom says the F word at this point. Like, you know what I mean? And that was a word.


If you said at my house growing up, you were running out because if not you were touching your toes and getting the paddle. You know, if you, if you could just sit there and you're like, that's horse shit. Like, what are you talking about? Like, this is clearly stated right here. Like, are you gonna answer the question or not? If you're not gonna answer it, just say no. Well, I feel, you know, the world needs a new vi. Ah, that's not the question. I just would, would you offer to moderate the next debate between Kamala Harris and Donald Trump? Absolutely. Could, could we do it at the Kid Rock house? I wouldn't exactly call it moderating.


We might have to come up with a new word more, be like referee. Trump would do that in a second. He does any of that in a second. This guy goes, I've seen him in Detroit and black churches. I've seen him in the South Bronx. I've seen him, you know, in different neighborhoods. You know, Hispanic neighborhoods here. He'll meet with anybody. I took some of my boys from Detroit to meet him last time he was here. Like guys who are real prominent in the city, like kind of grew up gangster, hip hop. Now we're community, community leaders, influencers. And they're like, they're like, dog, you might have had that one. Right? Like, you know, like that's like, you know, he, he's, he's, you know, I find a similarity, nothing like that.


And like, I will sit down and talk to anybody. Let's have a beer. It's somebody I've said the worst things about this, that, and the other. Somebody I've thrown under the bus, they've thrown me under the bus. I'll be like, let's have a beer on occasion. It's happened here. And there. And like I'm telling you, you always like, you always end up with a handshake and a laugh. You know, isolation is what really breeds hate in my mind. When you're isolated from, from everybody like Covid, that bred a lot of hatred in People. you know, you're just isolated. You're like, shit, the person you live with, you're like, I didn't wanna live with you 24 hours a day. Like, it's kind of nice going to work, you know what I mean?


To, to get out and just, when you see other people, you understand their views and there's some things where you're like, look, I just can't get down with it. You know what I mean? Do you wanna cut your penis off? Like, I'm gonna draw the line there. All right. Like, that's like, yeah, you playing, you know, the whole sports thing, a man and bathrooms like now, now I'm going. It's a hard no. A hard no. I mean, that should be a reality show. Who will cut their penis off first Dancing with no penis.


That's so good. I don't think we're allowed to laugh it though. It's deadly serious. I mean, this is a personal journey. I've never been on stage this long with a microphone. Honest to God, I love it. Have another beer and speaking without, without being like The first 10 minutes I thought of it. I go, I've never been on a stage this long with a microphone with this many people and not being covered in sweat from head to toe. Like, I'm like that kind of nice, isn't it? It's easier than what you do. I honestly, I, I'd rather have my band to be playing musical offense. Like, just 'cause I'm better at it.


So I noticed you're drinking Coors Light. I'm drinking whatever you put here. Oh, he did. My dad told me there's two types of beer in this world. Cold there, there's, there's, there's, there's, well fuck. As I'm drinking beer, there's two types of beer in this world. Coors Light and Free. You like 'em both. All right. Before you go tell us. I mean, what you do for pure entertainment, I mean dinners, everyone's seen video of you shooting consumer products.


I love to have my friends and family for dinners. Really? Yeah. Yep. That's pretty great. Where, how's you got at your house? I got this. I'm gonna brag a little bit, but whatever. You'll, you'll enjoy it. I got this dining room that's elevated and my house overlooks the whole city of Nashville and I put this floor in and it spins like one of them hotels, you know, I used to go to, and I'm like, I'm like, what the hell am I gonna do with all this money? I'm like, I got it. The floor that spins. I'm like, bam. Nailed it. And so we call it the spinner dinner and, and friends or family come over and it's only eight seats.


Well that's like a til to world Does anyone get sick? It don't go that fast. But you know, it's only eight people, so it's intimate. You spend, you spend time with people. We have some cocktails and stuff before we have dinner and then shenanigans after whatever happens, you know? And that's honestly my favorite thing to do. So you've been on stage for 30 years, you're one of the most famous people in the country, but when it comes down to what, what you really want to do is have dinner with the people you love. Yeah. Spend time with the people I love. Amen. Well, that kind of says it all. It says everything about you and it says everything about the, the purest human desires.


And I hope that we can keep doing that in this country. Amen. Amen. Kid Rock, ladies and gentlemen, thank you Michigan. We love you. The big tech companies censor our content. I hate to tell you that it's still going on in 2024, but you know what? They can't censor live events. And that's why we are hitting the road on a fall tour for the entire month of September coast to coast. We'll be in cities across the United States. We'll be in Hershey, Pennsylvania with JD Vance Redding, Pennsylvania, with Alex Jones, Fort Worth, Texas with Roseanne Barr Greenville, South Carolina, with Marjorie Taylor Green Sunrise, Florida with John Rich Jacksonville, Florida with Donald Trump Jr.


You can get tickets at Tucker Carlson dot com. Hope to see you there. Thanks For listening. The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made. The complete library, Tucker Carlson dot com.