
It's amazing to me to watch countries spending a bunch of countries spending so much effort, money on gold at a moment where technology dominates the conversation and crypto and AI or the future. And gold is the oldest and most primitive media of medium of exchange, I mean, cultures have been using gold around the world, every culture around the world for at least 6,000 years as a store of value. And they still are. Why? Because it's worked.


It's, it is. When things get spicy, gold has a 6,000 year track record. And I think store of value, your point, store of value is really critical, right? Because currency has medium exchange, unit of account, store of value, those are the three functions of money. And we have moved on from gold as a unit of account. We don't, our bank accounts aren't denominated in gold. Yes, we've moved on from gold. I'm not walking around with gold coins in my pocket, Unfortunately, But it has always retained that store of value, component of money. And in critically at the, at the highest levels of finance, the global central banks who are running our currency and monetary system as much as we have moved away from gold and those other functions, as much as we've moved to fiat currency, as much as technologies developed as, as much as our economies have developed, they have always continued to hold their gold.


And in the last 10, 11 years, I think one of the big origin stories of macroeconomics as they have developed over the past 10 years has been the fact that global central banks on net in 2014 stopped growing their holdings of treasury bonds. So global central banks have not bought a treasury bond on net. In fact, they've sold about $300 billion worth US treasuries, US Treasury since 2014 in their we'll call, they're called FX reserves. Yeah. Which is basically their piggy bank. And they've bought about $600 billion worth of gold. That doesn't ma I mean, okay, that doesn't make any sense at all in an era of biotech and nanotechnology and ai, and you know, everything is abstract and digital.


Everything is technology. Why would gold, which doesn't have like great inherent like value And there, what, what is gold actually worth? Like what? We can't eat it. You can't eat your house with it. Why? Why the, why the stranglehold on human beings from gold and why did it emerge in these separate cultures? And we know from the archeological record on separate continents had no contact with each other at roughly the same time, they all decided that gold was the most valuable thing. Like what is that? There is a mystery at the heart of gold. No. Yeah. I think it ultimately evolved to that because it is, because it isn't used for anything, right? So there's something called stock to flow in commodities, if you analyze commodities and stock to flow is just what is the stock of inventory of that commodity and what is the flow?


How much of it do you use a year? And the lower the stock to flow ratio, the more it is a commodity. And the higher stock to flow ratio, the more it is like money. And so, for example, oil has a stock to flow ratio. When oil inventories are globally a really high stock to flow of oil might be 1.2. When they're low, they might be 1.1. If they get below 1.1, you're gonna know. 'cause you're gonna see prices skyrocketing at the pump, very low stock to flow. Wheat, copper, similar types of low stock to flows. Silvers is, I don't know, as of a few years ago, around 30 to one, right? Because silver is both a monetary metal and an industrial metal, gold is 60 to one or more.


And so I think ultimately, I don't know that these ancient cultures were thinking about gold in terms of stock to flow, but I think ultimately what they were looking at is stock to flow means it keeps well, right? You can put gold in it's, it's the most moneylike commodity there is. And that's why I think independently around the world, all these cult, all these cultures, excuse me, arrived at gold as the savings store of value par excellence. You know, it doesn't, So interesting. So you what you're, so I said, well, how weird that gold would be, you know, the most enduring story of value because you can't eat it or heat your house with it.


And you are saying that's why it's the most enduring, it's pre It's precisely why. I mean, it's, it's very, it's easily divisible, right? So in the old, even in old days using old technology thousands of years ago, you could, you could divide into very small amounts. It doesn't rust. And so there were obviously, in the old days in particular, very practical applications. You know, you store a bunch of your wealth and wheat and it gets mold and it's all gone, right? You, you oil, you have a spill, it's all gone. The gold, it's much more portable, it's divisible malleable, it doesn't rust. So there's I think some practical things, but I think ultimately it's the most moneylike thing with those physical aspects Is why they arrived at it. And it has always been for all recorded history.


I I do, I do think there's something at the core there that I, that I don't under under understand. But, but it's just demonstrable. It's just true. It's True. So, and it endures even in this hyper-technical age. I would say one more thing about gold that I find fascinating is that it is the most private of all currencies. So the, the great lie of my lifetime is that crypto was gonna be private and was gonna free us from, you know, surveillance and control. And that is just not proven true. And no one's really tried hard to make it true, which tells you a lot about how much people lie and what the real agenda is, which is control. But gold can actually be moved around privately and stored privately. I mean, there's not a digital record of gold.


And that leads to my question, which is like, what the hell is going on with gold flows around the world? Gold physically moving from one country to another. Why isn't that transparent? This is public money. This is the reserves of different countries. It's owned by the public of those countries and there's no sort of transparent record of it. Am I missing something? The transparency varies, right? So in the end it isn't very transparent. That's very effecti. How Could a country move? Its part of its gold reserve to another country without telling its population. And the funny thing is, is No, but like, is that outrageous or am I just missing something? Well, They, they, they would say, well, we tell you, you just have to pay very close attention, right?


So You can look in the UK trade statistics, they show you how much gold is leaving London. They don't wanna advertise that, but there are times when do they tell You where it's going and why? The Swiss data are very, very good. Okay. They show you the Swiss data, right? Well, Swiss data are always good. The Swiss are very precise. So You can, you have an idea, but again, when I say it's transparent or not, those data, as long as what it is, what they classify as non-monetary gold, according to IMF shipping classifications, we'll call 'em however they, you know, industrial classifications, non-monetary gold gets recorded. Monetary gold, to your point, doesn't have to be declared as it moves.


Is, is, is how I understand the rules. And so when you see the monetary gold movements, there is still very much an element of secrecy and non-transparency. And yes, some of that is the public's money and it's not being disclosed why it's moving and, and how much exactly. You, it's it's almost like, it's almost like the, the the like being in the movie jaws, right? Where early on, you know, there's a shark out there and you see the impact of the shark, and every now and then you'll get a glimpse of it, but you don't really fully see the shark very often. Whenever you have secrecy, you have deception and fraud, period.


Like That's generally that's true. That's the purpose of it. I would argue privacy being different from secrecy, but you know, something that should be disclosed that's not, is not disclosed for a reason. And so when you have huge movements, am I over you tell me if I'm overstating this, but there are now big movements of gold between countries right now, correct? Correct. And we're not exactly sure why. Correct. And we don't really know the volume as you just said. And so someone's getting rich and someone's getting poor, but none of this is public. Like I, I I smell scam afoot. You know, it's one of these things where gold has long been the competitor to the dollar system.


And once you start getting into competitors to government currencies, which are, as you noted the me, the, the, the, the, the method a a very effective method of control, right? This is why we use dollar sanctions, why we've been using dollar sanctions, right? Right. That quickly gets into the reason for, I think at least some of the reason for the secrecy around gold as it relates to governments, which is number one is war. Or excuse me, as, as Greenspan said, that you know, that the only currency that's better than the dollar is gold. And it's been that way for a long time.


And that's, that's, he said that in 2013 or 2014. And so that number one is there's a perception, right? Where if you're trying to be a manager of the dollar as the US government is, that is a perception you are trying to manage. And so I think there's some element of that. I think there are other countries that have been, for example, the Chinese have been buying lots of gold. They have long said, You can find it in, in d WikiLeaks documents from 2009 that China's by buying gold to kill two birds with one stone is number one, it will build up and help internationalize the remin b over time. And also the Americans and the Europeans, they specifically said have historically tried to prevent gold from rising too much in order to increase the prestige and the attractiveness of their own currencies.


And so we're buying gold for that reason. So the, you get into it's gold is very much a geopolitical metal because when you think of it in those terms, if you are China and you are buying lots and lots of gold, as China has done at times over the last 15 years after the great financial crisis, let's be clear, that can be construed in certain circles in Washington and in Brussels and in London as a tax on those nations currencies. And so it, it's, it, it is in the interest of nations that might want to diversify from the dollar from the Euro reserves, which in which FX reserves are Primarily, I wanna check a number while You're talking Sure. Primarily denominated in it, it behooves those nations to have a level of secrecy around it as well.


So it's that element of trying to manage currency systems from two opposite sides of the coin. Okay. So let me, let me, this is directly to your point. This is the Google result. If you type in which countries own the most gold, who's got the biggest gold reserves in the United States? Have you seen this list? I I, I have. I'm reading this to you because it's just so clearly bullshit. It's so clearly not true. So this is in order the countries with the largest gold reserves, US one. Okay, number two, Germany. Number three. Italy. Italy, okay. It's got an economy like the size of Ohio, France, Russia, China, Switzerland, Japan, India, Netherlands.


You're telling me that China is 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 is number six and India is number nine. That's a lie. That's just a flat out lie. Like that is not the actual ranking. That's Not the, and those, there is no Ch you're telling me France has bigger gold reserves than China. And this is why when I say it's a political and a geopolitical medal, right? Because those are, those are the official monetary reserves. Chinese have been bringing in thousand plus tons of gold every Year. Think the Indians have been doing, the Indians have been stockpiling gold for thousands of years. I mean, to their great credit, I'm not criticizing them. Oh yeah, Yeah. The chart of gold Indian rubes looks like apple in dollars. It's, it's up until the right forever.


So I guess the only point I'm making again and again and again is at the heart of this incredibly important phenomenon, the movement of gold around the world is a lie. Like there's li like, we don't actually know what this game play Is. There's not, there's not great clarity. No, there's not great clarity. Right? There's massive lying. And again, whenever there's massive lying, there's gonna be massive fraud. Yeah. And there's a reason for it, right? There's always a real reason why that is. Why, you know, for that, for that Clarity. So Fort Knox is one of the places, the physical places in the United States where we're told our gold is stored half maybe supposedly of our reserves. Some Big chunk. Yeah. It's, it's, I wanna say yeah, there's some there, there's some in Denver, there's some at this point, right? I don't remember spread around, spread around. But Fort Knox is the famous one. Yep. And you know, members of Congress, almost all of them with the last name Paul, have been calling for an audit of Fort Knox for, I mean, just decades.


And if you really press, it doesn't look like Fort Knox has been actually audited for close to a hundred years since the thirties. I think That's right. Stand open to correction. They said it was audited in the seventies, but it wasn't actually audited. It was like, some of it was audited. Why is it so hard with the federal workforce, you know, including contractors of like 10 million people to just like, go through the contents of the vaults and weigh 'em and make sure that they're not gold plated titanium and make sure they're all there and then figure out who owns them. Like why is that so hard? We're told Oh, that's too complicated. Really. No, I don't think it's anything to do, to your point. It's not complicated at all.


I think it comes down to policy and, and that gold is a geopolitical medal. And if you go back to again, declassified documents and of, of conversations and memos around a lot in the seventies, and you'll see some familiar names there, Volcker, Kissinger, yeah. Weintraub, some of those types of names. The US in the sixties was losing a lot of gold, right? The, the system was essentially dollar is pegged to gold, $35 an ounce, everything else is TAed to the dollar. And it started becoming clear as we got deeper and deeper in Vietnam and guns and butter with LBJ, that we didn't have the gold to cover our debt offshore at $35 an ounce.


And were were countries trying to redeem their, they were, Yeah. We went from, I wanna say after World War ii, we had 18,000 tons of gold, official gold, and by the time we got to call it 71, we were down to the 8,100 we have today. And that's where No way, so we, we shipped out about 10,000 tons of gold to satisfy these deficits, the system actual physical gold. Oh, Absolutely. Like here my dollars, send me my bars. Yeah. If I recall the story correctly, the French sent, the French sent warships into New York to pick it up. Oh yeah. No Way. Oh yeah, yeah. And we were sending, you know, if I recall correctly, we were sending a, an airplane, a a month to Riyadh with bullion right. To settle gold deficits as we had agreed to with Yeah. By The way, Saudi, one of the richest countries per capita in the world is not even in the top 10 for gold holding.


Oh, Saudi owns so much gold. It's just not on the official list. Sorry, I'm just, again, I'm making the same point again. Yeah. Which is, the numbers are lies, right? So, but, and I think the reason why the numbers are lies is when you, or why there's not great clarity, right? Why, why they manage the optics. And the way they're clearly managing the optics is, You can go back, once we closed the gold window in 71, Nixon said, Hey, no more gold. You know, the dollar now free floating. And You can read from these declassified documents that the US have very much had an interest in getting gold out of the system. We didn't want, because there were, there was a, a one, one of the declassified documents in, in question there is, there was a proposal that was afoot in 73, 74 by the Europeans to revalue their gold to settle oil deficits, right?


Because Europe doesn't have a whole lot of oil. They were importing a bunch of oil, oil had gone up a bunch in price. So they had a bunch of oil deficits. They were looking to basically revalue gold and then settle deficits with OPEC in gold. And the Americans in question, excuse me, Kissinger Troub Volcker said, this isn't our interest. This is not what we want. We want the Saudis not getting gold. We want them getting treasury bonds. And so, right. The famous Bill Simon deal. And so I think, I think I, I Can't believe they took that deal. I I, I think it might've been a gold or the lead type of deal at that point in time. You know, we'll give you, not only, you know, you take the goal, you take the lead, and the goal is we'll provide you protection, we'll provide you weapons, we'll let you access to our markets.


And if you don't do it, we're gonna regime change you. And oh, by the way, we'll give you maybe a sweetener on your, you know, I think it's very possible they were getting higher than market interest rates on the treasury bonds for decades as part of that deal. Who knows? But What do you mean who knows? It's, it's, it's not something that's ever been disclosed, but, Well, how can, wait, we, It's, We give country specific interest rates on churches. I think I have heard credible rumblings from people that were around then that part of that deal may have been the, not not just countries, just Saudi may have gotten a sweeter deal than other countries. How Could, but how can that not be disclosed? That's how you get a $10,000 wrench at Department of Defense.


Wrenches don't cost 10 grand. It's right. You, they, you move stuff around a little. This is why they're always encouraging us to get mad at each other about race and the tranny stuff. You know what I mean? It's like, 'cause the big things are just not even, not even, well, I, you know, in fairness, I I I think, you know, it's always about power and control, right? This is about control of the system. This was the dollar system. Yes. Clearly 71 was a default in the gold. And so we were trying to sort of get around this. And so I think sort of the original sin, again, original or origin story of the refusal of wanting to even talk about, or, you know, what is an audit? You know, what is what is is, you know, on, as it re relates to audits of Fort Knox is once we close that gold window, I think that, you know, generation of leadership seventies, eighties, and didn't want to talk about gold and going into audit, it brings gold back up and brings it back up that, hey, we defaulted on our gold clauses like twice in the past 80 years.


By the way, FDR defaulted on gold clauses too to the domestic Americans. So I think the original origin story was about this reticence about is the gold there? Has it been audited? What is an audit? Has it been fully audited? Has it been fully essayed? All of the things you would think are pretty easy to do. I think go back to that policy of petrodollar. We don't want gold back in the system. The Europeans do. We don't. This is the deal. We threw our weight around in the seventies and sending people into Fort Knox to show 'em. We have the gold. Doesn't help us remove gold from the system. And, and ultimately, why do we wanna remove gold from the system control?


And it's easier to run deficits without tears. Sure. 'cause gold is a, is an anchor in reality. Correct.


Joe Biden may be gone, but that doesn't mean you got your privacy back. The big tech giants are still spying on you, invading your privacy, recording everything that you do online and selling your digital profile to the highest bidder. It's infuriating, but people getting paid, it's a multi-billion dollar industry. You need to get away from it as fast as You can. And that's where Express VPN comes in. Express. VPN is an app that sends a hundred percent of your online traffic, everything you do online through encrypted servers. That means no tech oligarchs can spy on you. You can't be bought and sold on the market. Express. VPN has earned our trust because their product is effective. They never store their customer sensitive information. They literally are not able to do that. So right now, you get an extra four months of express VPN for free. Just scan the QR code on the screen, we'll go to ExpressVPN dot com slash tucker. Highly recommended


You just realized your business needed to hire someone yesterday. How can you find amazing candidates? Fast, easy, just use indeed. Stop struggling to get your job posts seen on other job sites with Indeed sponsored jobs. Your post jumps to the top of the page for your relevant candidates so You can reach the people you want faster. According to Indeed, data sponsored jobs posted directly on Indeed have 45% more applications than non-sponsored jobs. Don't wait any longer. Speed up your hiring right now with Indeed and listeners of this show will get a $75 sponsored job credit to get your jobs more visibility@indeed.com slash PDKA TZ 12. Just go to indeed.com/p DKA TZ 12 right now and support our show by saying you heard about indeed on this podcast, terms and conditions apply. Hiring indeed is all you need.


What's so interesting, boy, you're, you're teaching me a lot. Thank you. They don't wanna talk about gold And they haven't since the default of 71, which is never described by the way, as a default. And, and it was of Course, well, of course, right. You're not making good in your promise. It's your fault. Of course it's a fault. And they don't wanna talk about gold. The US government doesn't wanna talk about gold ever since then, which is my whole lifetime. People who are interested in gold have been derided as quote gold bugs. And it just, it just occurred to me. It's, it's one of those phrases that's so devastatingly effective. You're like a, you're a nutcase. Yeah, you're buggy Yeah, you're, you're crazy, right? Bughouse, of course, you're a mental patient. And it reminds me so much of the term conspiracy theorist.


So CIA possibly with the help of a foreign government murders The President of the United States. And it's super obvious that that happened in 1963 and nobody believes the Warren Commission. And it's like, it doesn't make any sense actually. And so they start calling anyone who raises questions about it, a conspiracy theorist. And that was a phrase that was devised by The Intel Community to discredit people who asked uncomfortable questions. And you sort of have to wonder if the phrase gold bugs just occurred to me now is in a species of that. Right. It's entirely possible. Shut Up gold bug. It's entirely possible. And even to this day, people who, and I know some of them who are interested in gold and sort of follow, you know, it's global movements and buy gold, physical gold.


I'm non-abstract gold. They're embarrassed of it. Oh yeah. I mean, they're Embarrassed. I mean there's like a social sanction to even talking about gold. Oh, it's, it's fascinating. I've been working in investment research for 30 years and at high levels, at major institutions around the us around the world as you know, doing investment research for major money managers. And it's fascinating what you say. 'cause it, there is always, not amongst all of them, but amongst a a a lot of investment professionals, they watch gold. They're, they're, they watch it more than you, more than you'd be would think more than the average American would think they own it. But there is that stigma where it's, they own it.


It's sort of, you know, you know, Hey, you see gold, you know, you know, it, it's, it is, there is, there is a, there stigma's too strong a word, but there's a Kind of a little bit, yeah, yeah. I was with one of the richest people in the world the other day, a very famous investor, I'm sure you know him. Wonderful guy. And somebody said to me, you know, he buys gold. And I said to him off camera, do, do you buy gold? And he iss like yeah. Among, you know, among other things. Sure. I said, do you buy a lot of gold? Yeah, buy a lot of gold. But he clearly just did want it. It's even, even to someone, you know, open-minded, brilliant person. It's not something that people talk about in public. It's almost like admitting you have some kind of weird fetish or something. It it, And, And like I, I dress up in a chicken costume.


I don't wanna talk about it, but you know what I mean. Well it's, and it's fascinating, right? Because it is, I think it goes back to that original point of why those movements are shrouded in secrecy, which is gold on some level is a hedge or an insurance policy against the existing system as it has of course been allowed to evolve of course over the last 50 years. Of course. And so once you get to a certain level of wealth, power, influence within that system, you clearly understand the Achilles heels and the risks and how that system will at some point mathematically certainty, it could be next week, it could be 50 years from now, will at some point need to be reset in some fashion.


You understand that. And it is not in your interest, socially, financially, et cetera, to advocate or advertise that you are hedging or ensuring against the collapse of that system. No. Right? So it's for the Restructuring of that system. No, I Mean you no, you make a great point and I shouldn't Thank you for saying that. 'cause it's, it's not just yet another intel community inspired conspiracy though. It is that obviously, but it's also, it is in some sense like almost unpatriotic to say, you know, I'm, I'm all about golden land or whatever about physical assets. Because what you're saying is I don't, I don't believe in the system of the US government. Well, Which is, which is horribly ironic because if you go back to 1948, Warren Buffet famous investor, poo-poos gold every chance he has.


And his father Congressman Howard Buffet from the state of Nebraska wrote a missive, You can still find it online, saying gold convertibility is essential to human freedom. In which on the first page he says, look, the first thing autocrats and evil empires that we just got done fighting, right? This is 1948. First thing they did when they got to power was remove the convertibility of their currency to gold. So it's ironic, it's always ironic to me. People say, you own gold, you're anti-American. I said, there's nothing more American. No, it's right than gold. People say, what does gold do? It's useless. I said, no, no gold. The very use of gold is that as long as You can convert your currency into gold, you are still a free person.


When You can no longer do that, your vote really doesn't matter. Of course, because they control the currency. Right? It's the famous statement, of course, gimme control of a nation's currency. Of course I turn out who makes its laws, Of course the Warren Buffet thing, man, that's like, I mean it, right? He's famously mocking gold buyers. Right? Of course. I would say Warren Buffet knows so much to admire there and be impressed by, and I am and all that. But he's, he's a political player among many other things. He's a, He's a very powerful political player. And in particularly for the banks, think about who they go to, of course 1989 or six with Solomon, who is a big player in the 98 long-term capital bank rescues Buffet. Buffet. So yeah. And Buffet has Great Finance, Lots of great investors at their Warren Buffet is, you know, near the top of that list.


Of course, I, again, And he is a yeah, legendary investor. Of course, Of course. However, massive propaganda around Warren Buffet of all the investors in the world who's received more slavishly, sort of assly positive press than Warren Buffet. Like there's never been a bad word. You're not allowed. He's like, oh, the Oprah, It's the off. Yeah, it's the Ucks. Yeah, you're not, but You're not allowed. But no one has been promoted more aggressively by the American media than Warren Buffett. I I think that's fair. And it's, you know, it's interesting 'cause it's, but but He's a hard asset guy. He's absolutely a hard asset. He's, He literally bought Borsheim jewelry store. Oh yeah. He sells gold. He bought railroads. Right, exactly. Railroads and Omaha stakes.


And like, this is not, this is a guy whose whole philosophy is about, you know, buying physical things Yeah, oh, Absolutely. With inherent value. And he's, he's, You can go back to this. He's against gold. Oh yeah. You, he's not against gold. He's, You can, You can see, you know, and this goes back to that conflict of once you become big enough within the system, it's not in your interest to, to, to to, to highlight some of these things. I mean, he, one of his Berkshire letters from late sixties, early seventies, he highlights that basically Berkshire might have been in the late seventies, Berkshire stock priced in gold had gone nowhere for 10 or 15 years. And he, I mean that flat out shows you, right? So all of these productive business and all these things he says about these productive businesses over time, a hundred percent true.


And there are instances in history where gold outperforms, where gold preserves purchasing power, currencies are being debased. It's interesting, he, he frequently talks about, well I started investing in, I think it was when I was 10 years old, I bought my first stock, which would've been 1941 or 42, which just happened to be basically the all time generational low of US stocks. Exactly. 'cause Exactly Because we won the Battle of Midway. And at that point it was sort of obvious we were gonna win World War II and so on so forth. But I always say to clients and, and, and friends, like, yes, and look back 15 years, the prior 15 years from 1918 to 19 39, 19 15 to 1931 were catastrophic for financial assets of all of all types in the west gold.


Like all you wanted to own was gold. And so it's interesting, I think part of, you know, the point being, part of, I think your view of the world depends upon when you're born and what happens as you're growing up. It's sort of that cycle theory of, of, of, you know, the fourth turning. I think it affects your views on investments too. Why wouldn't it? Of course. And, and it affects your views on the future in general. Sure. And, and as you just said, the the degree to which you're vested in the system currently in place affects your outlook and affects very much what you're willing to say in public. And the bigger you are within that, the more pressure can be applied to you. Right. Or if, if you, you don't get deal flow on Sunday night if you are pumping goals.


Totally. Right. Or if you're Warren Buffett or you have, you know, you don't get the approval of whatever thing you need approved or from the congressman. It, it's just, look, I'm not opining on it, it's just how the game is played and Well, it was so obvious. I'm not a financial expert, that's for sure. But I have been in the media my whole life and I know what a fluff job looks like, and I know, no, I do. I know a lot about it and I watch Warren Buffett. I've never been against Warren Buffet, I'm not against him now, but I mean, the amount of promotion that guy received from the system told you everything about his orientation and his, the incentives in place for him and like they were promoting Warren Buffett and Warren Buffett's worldview, like very aggressively.


And so, you know, I didn't believe half of it, and you shouldn't either. That's my view of it. Yeah. I think you always wanna think critically about this stuff because it's, You think Yeah, I Think so. Absolutely. So give us a sense of where gold is flowing in the world right now. To the extent we know, To the extent we, the, the, what we can see, I would describe it simply as from the UK and the EU to a lesser extent into the us It's still flowing into China. It flows into China all the time. But there, the big delta, the big change in, since the Trump election essentially has been a significant ramp up in the flows of gold out of the UK into the us.


So that would seem good for the us. Yeah. Historically, when you see where gold is flowing, that's your economic winner. That's who's winning. And where of course the countries that are losing gold, those are the countries that are losing, that goes back several hundred years. That's, that's sort of how it works, which makes sense, Right? I say several thousand years. Yeah, That's exactly, yeah. Yeah. So do you, and I should have asked this earlier, do you anticipate any time in the future where gold is no longer regarded as a measure of economic strength and health? Does it ever get eclipsed by crypto? No, I don't think so. I don't, you know, at some point Bitcoin could compete with it, in my opinion possibly, but I think that's far down the road and failing that it would take something unforeseeable, right?


We, we discover, we discover an asteroid that has, you know, gazillions of dollars of gold on it and we developed the ability to go up there and bring it back cheaply in a way that competes. What About, okay, so gold is almost imp hovering at about 3000, a little under 3000 an ounce. It's clearly gonna make it to 3000, I would guess is there a threshold at which like, it becomes, because there's a lot of gold actually on the earth's crust a lot, and it's just too expensive to extract it, but is there a threshold at which like, gold production just ramps up dramatically, it becomes worth it to like extract a lot more gold and it affects the price because of supply and demand? Yes. Is is ultimately it, it's supply will be a function of price. And then there's a lot of it in the ocean, right?


In theory, yeah. If you sort of dry out the oceans and filter it and filter it. Yeah. You know, you know, you could, and that's just a question of price. And, and the question of price is ultimately a question of energy efficiency, right? If you wanted to, you know, that's, that's how much energy do you need to expend to, to dig and get that out of the crust where it is and refine it down so that it makes sense. And right now it's gonna cost you way more in energy in order to get that right. And so they're not, you're not gonna do that. And so if price goes up enough, then it makes sense for you to expend that amount of energy to do that. And I think that's a really important point that ties back to our stock to flow. And why gold is valuable is when you think of it in those terms of is, is when you need to expend a lot of energy to get gold and the price of gold determines how much energy you're willing to expend to get it.


It's just a compressed and portable storage of energy. And, And So that raises a deeper and more fundamental question, which is do the great powers have a built-in incentive to keep energy prices higher than they would naturally be in a truly free market? Depends which great power, right? The Chinese all else equal wanna build a consumer society, they would like to have energy prices cheaper. America, we like cheap oil, but not as cheap as we used to like it because now we have shale. So we want, you know, we want Goldilocks oil. So, you know, above $90 starts to be a problem for our consumer. Below $70 starts to be a problem for our shale industry. And, and So if you look at, at the price of West Texas, crude to intermediate WTI crude oil over the last two, three years now oil's been 70 to 90.


And I think that's, so like we need Goldilocks oil, the Europeans, same kind of thing. They need a cheap oil. The Russians, they would probably like more expensive oil. The Saudis more, you know, Saudi has $90 fiscal break even, right? That's right. Anything, anything below 90, they're borrowing, they're borrow, borrowing money and things get spicy over there if they don't maintain their promises to their people. So, but okay, so you're talking about hydrocarbons, correct. But you know, there's been, for all the talk of the Green New Deal, now we're getting far afield, but I think it's really fundamental to the world. We're all the talk of the Green New Deal and all these new forms of energy and, you know, renewables and green technology, it's really been pretty shockingly lame.


Really. I mean it's like windmills and solar panels, both of which are just like kind of absurd. There are like a lot of advanced technologies, particularly in biotech that are moving like crazy fast ai, crazy, crazy fast energy generation technologies are not moving crazy fast at all. Like no one's like, Hey, actually there's a brand new nuclear breakthrough. Like we're not building any nuclear. Like you conceivably, if you got off hydrocarbons, could, I don't know why, why isn't there a greater effort to figure out cheaper ways to produce energy? I think a lot of it is on some level political, right? I think there's, okay. Right. I, you know, So maybe if maybe the green New Deal, I mean obviously it's anti civilization, it's anti-human, it's really dark and it's built on a lie, but it's also built on geopolitical realities, right?


Like I, I think, I think so, yeah. I mean it's, look, there are things we could do that would ramp up energy production fast and that is nuclear. Like we, we should have, we should be building nuclear plants a bunch every year as far out as the, I can see should Be doing. But if you really got, you know, nuclear or any form of energy down in, in a hydrocarbon equivalence to like $10 a barrel oil equivalent, you'd like blow up the, like the world financial system kind of, I think it depends. There's a lot of other puts and takes. Yeah. You know, and some of that gets into, you know, how you would have to re, you'd probably have to restructure some debt.


Some of that is how gold gold, right? Because the Saudis at $10 a barrel. But again, that then gets into gold, right? Where we go, okay, well as partly some grand deal. Now this is far afield, but some sort of grand deal. We are going to revalue oil and gold reserves. Right? Or, or, or we're gonna revalue gold so that Saudis, like Saudi doesn't care how they get paid if, if if oil goes to 10 but their oil gold goes up to 10,000, they still have all the money, they get compensated for past Surplus. Well, right. But if energy, as you just said, if energy prices dropped, you know, far below what we can currently imagine, then the price of gold would also drop because the price of extraction of gold would, would drop.


So you'd have a Maybe well, well, yes. Yeah, fair, fair. If You can apply that energy. Yeah, sure. Right. But I mean, you'd have two competing forces. Your, your cost of energy to mine, gold would go down. But at the same time that if you drop energy, there's two groups of, you know, nations in the, well, there's a us as a reserve currency. Yeah. And then there are US creditors at Import Energy and US creditors at Export Energy. Right. And they all own a bunch of bonds. Yes. And they own a bunch of financial assets. And so if oil drops really low, all of your oil exporting creditors are gonna sell their dollar assets because they're gonna need to, because Right. Saudi owes money at $90 a barrel and if they don't pay that money for social programs, et cetera, place the place has political problems.


Yes. And so they're gonna be selling treasury bonds, they're going to be selling stocks. And that creates, and the US economy is so leveraged that, that it's, that's not gonna take a lot of selling to create an economic crisis from it. Exactly. Exactly. So you have to re basically you would get into a situation where in some way, shape, or form the Fed would be printing money again as a result of oil prices getting too low, which is in theory a good thing, which then could actually be net good for gold. Right. So there's, there's, there's puts and takes depending on, Basically you're describing a world that's so complex and interconnected where, you know, global finance, the cost of energy, and then, you know, the geostrategic stuff, the, you know, military rivalries, it's all of a piece.


So it's like pretty scary to mess with any single factor in that, in a dramatic way. That's Kind of what I It's disruptive it or it's potentially disruptive. Super disruptive. Yeah. It's potentially, and and I think that's ultimately the, the power and the encouraging thing about gold. Gold has always thought about as a, oh, you're buying gold, you're a dor, world's gonna end No part of the problem of what I just described. Change in and of itself isn't a problem, but rapid change when you have high levels of debt, it's the debt that creates the problem. And So if you, when you look around and you see these central banks buying all this gold and having all these countries buying this gold, if you revalue gold enough to basically re collateralize or buy down, effectively buy down your debt so that you have low debt levels, then You can make dramatic more dramatic changes to the economic system and its connections without running the risk of blowing up the financial system.


Right. Because whether goal, you know, once you take you, you, you introduce something deflationary into a debt based system, the debt starts to go boom. Right? People don't, don't generate the income to pay the interest. Right. In a more equity based system or in a gold, I hate to say gold based because it's, I'm not talking about a gold back currency. But if your debt to GDP is low because you've revalued your gold much higher and, and restructured your balance sheet, a deflationary recession or a restructuring of the economy that is deflationary or a good energy introduction or a pro AI productivity enhancement that is deflationary, that can be weathered and benefited from without blowing up the debt-based system.


So gold is paradoxically a way to foam the runway for a major change, be it geopolitically or energy Yes. Or ai something deflationary Foam the runway. So there's been a lot of talk about changes to the US tax code, especially changes that affect cryptocurrency investing. What are those changes?


Well, what if there was already a way to invest in the market with tax advantages? Well, IRUS Capital makes that possible. Irus Capital is a software platform that lets you invest in crypto using a self-directed IRA. That means with a traditional IRA taxes are deferred. And with a Roth IRA, you won't have to pay taxes on your crypto gains, just like a retirement account. On top of that, the crypto market never closes. You can buy or sell 24 7 in case you stay up late. I trusts capital makes investing easy, safe and accessible. You don't have to be an expert. Their website has easy to understand articles, videos, and if you ever need help, You can speak with an actual person in the United States. 'cause the whole thing is based on the United States, the whole company. So if you're looking to add crypto to your retirement portfolio, sign up today at irus capital.com/tucker and use a promo code Tucker for a hundred dollars funding bonus.


You see, you said a minute ago that big picture over time countries that are acquiring gold or stronger in countries that are seeing their gold reserves depleted or weaker seems obvious O over time. Yeah. You're running right? Yeah. You're, you're saving more than you're spending essentially. And the United States is acquiring gold. 'cause why? That's the $64,000 question in markets right now. It is. The official nominal reason being given in, in markets and in the media is that Trump's administration may or may not put tariffs across any number of countries, as we've discussed, including possibly gold hubs like the uk.


And if you put a 25% tariff on the UK across all items just to pick a number, you run the risk what the, the mechanical impact of that would be to increase the price of gold 25%. And the problem is, is that Tariffs against American imports of British goods. Yes, exactly. But Other than like shortbread, is there a British export? Not really. No. Right. They they're, they're, they're a twin destination. No. So They don't make anything. Right? Not on net. No. No, not on net. And so this is, this, this is what the story is, is that this, there's been this massive flow of gold outta the UK to the US because tariffs might happen, which would impact the price of gold in a manner such that it would be very disruptive to what are called basically spread trades.


That gold traders in New York or London bullion banks that, that traffic in gold bullion, they may have a position on in gold futures in New York and a physical gold position in London. And if a tariff were to change the price relationship between those two, it could create significant losses for them. And so the response is basically bring the gold here to mitigate that risk. That is the official story. There's absolutely a, a, a strong element of truth to that. With that said, the longer this goes on and the gold flows continue, the less that story holds up as the sole reason.


When we go back in time to 2020 and during Covid we saw a very similar spike in gold futures relative to spot prices in London. And it was driving a massive flow of gold out of London here because of covid, because supply chains broke down with the shutdowns of flights and what have you. A lot of gold is shipped on inter in transatlantic commercial airliners and the cargo holds. And so that those flows stopped. It, it drove a mismatch. And what the comax, the, the gold futures exchange in the US did. Ultimately, one of the things to, to sort of settle those markets down was to what I'll say change the rules for the layman. They, they introduced a gold futures contract that made the good delivery denomination, I think 400 ounces in London, a hundred ounces in New York, either or, right?


So that, okay, well the gold that's here is fine, so we don't need to move it. So they took a step to change the rules to settle the market down. Another famous example we were talking before, talking about before we got on air was the hunt brothers run on silver. They tried to corner the silver market in the eighties. This was Comex. And they changed the rules on the hunt brothers, once it became apparent that the hunt brothers were successfully cornering physical silver, they changed the rules. They set, they, they set the market to sell. Only you could, you couldn't buy gold or silver futures. And you, you could only sell, and the market promptly tanked. At any point in time, Trump scent Rubio, other American officials could come out and say, and clarify, we're not gonna put tariffs on gold.


There will never be tariffs on gold. There's a lot of countries in the world where there's no vat that have vat, that there's no vat on gold. So this is the long my point being that the longer this goes on without a rule change or a political pronouncement about tariffs, political clarification about tariffs, the more likely it becomes, in my opinion, speculatively that the tariffs are on some level as reason for the gold flows cover, that the, the gold's being brought here for some other reason. And they're just saying, So what what could I mean? And that always is the likely explanation that there's something else that accounts for at least part of a phenomenon that you're watching.


So what could that other reason be? I think there's two things. There's a tactical reason, there's a strategic reason. The tactical reason is if you Google gold revaluation, you'll find a number of stories in any mainstream financial media over the last 2, 3, 4 weeks, there has been increasing speculation in the aftermath of Trump's election, and in particular in the aftermath of Scott Bessant being approved as Treasury Secretary, that there is a gimmicky but completely legal and mandated in the rules way by which the United States could revalue its gold, which it currently holds on its books at $42 per ounce up to the current market price.


And in so doing, or even higher. And in so doing, it creates a bank deposit basically at a, at the Tre's bank account at the Fed, that the Trump administration could then use to buy, buy down debt, to not have to borrow as much. It's effectively money printing through gold. It's creating money supply using gold through basically an accounting gimmick that is already on the books. But That gold would never be sold to anyone, never Be sold to anyone. It's just literally an exchange of paper. So the United States would not lose its gold reserves? No. There's no chance of that. Not under that transaction, no.


Okay. As I, as it's been explaining, If you hate to get to a point where the nation has so much debt backed by nothing other than it's navy, which may become irrelevant thanks to drones. So you could, you could see this all moving very fast. It's like all of a sudden we owe the world trillions of dollars, but where's the collateral where policymakers are forced to sell off physical assets that belong to the country. Oil water, Because we have the world's largest fresh water reserves in the Great Lakes and gold. I don't think, is that a crazy, I Think, I don't think, I don't think, well, I think ultimately there'll be no need to do that because you've got the assets and you've got a printing press.


Right. So ultimately it's really a function of the currency as long as Sure. There was of of course, as long as you're the world's reserve Currency. Yeah. And even if we're, I mean, I think we will be, but they'll always have the ability to print dollars. It's just a question of, but What nobody wants them, It would just depreciate faster. Right. No, but I mean, like at some point, like if I, you know, take a loan against my house if I have a mortgage on my house, sure. And also if I don't pay it, you know, the holder of that mortgage gets my house. Right. There's collateral. So like where's the collateral in the United States other than like, I don't know, people like us. I don't, you know, what is the collateral? Well, it's, the collateral is, it's, it's a complicated question. The threat of violence question. It's, I Mean, what, Well, on some level it's the threat of violence.


I think some of what we're seeing in terms of these, you know, discussions around will we leave NATO or will we not? This is a, this is a discussion that goes back to the seventies. There was something called the blessing letter. Carl Blessing was a governor of the Bundesbank, the German Boost Bundesbank and the French were asking for their gold back. Others around the world were asking for their gold. Back in the, in the sixties and seventies, I guess the blessing letter might have been late sixties. The Germans started hinting about asking about their gold back. And the Americans sent a letter that essentially said, you know, if you ask for your gold back, we will have to reconsider store stationing US troops in West Germany to protect you from the USSR.


So you're gonna keep taking dollars or else we're gonna bring our boys home. And You can deal with the Soviets yourself. And the Germans never asked for the gold back. And so what collateralize is of a, of a complicated multi body, right? It's, it is goodwill protection, access to markets. So the threat of violence, military protection, there's gold is way, way down there. I don't think the gold is thought of as collateral at all. But it could be as a reserve asset if we wanted to change the system. But we would need to have it if we wanted to change from the system we've, we've been in for the last 50 years.


And that kind of gets to the strategic side of it, right? What if we had no choice? What if, I mean, 'cause we're not the only decision makers in this process. We're not a true, I think you would see some sort of grand deal be discussed ahead of that. And I think that's, you know, some of what we're seeing in real time when we talk about us and the Russians and the Saudis and the Chinese all getting together in Saudi and talking about, you know, probably not how the Yankees are gonna do this year and Probably not just the end of the war in Ukraine. No, I, oh, absolutely. I don't think it's only about the war in Ukraine. Of Course not. You know, those are, think about what you've got there, because The war in Ukraine is not about Ukraine and never has been, You know, you've got the four biggest, you know, Saudi, us, China or Russia, although that's 40% of global oil production, and US China is what, probably 60% of global oil imports, global global oil.


So You can, oil's gonna have a role there. Now, the strategic side of what I think we're seeing, the, the gold movement is ultimately what if you, if you take a step back and try to see the forest for the trees of what the Trump administration is trying to do. The Ukraine war showed us, we got outproduced by the Russians badly. We couldn't produce shells, we couldn't produce stinger missiles. We couldn't, we were reliant on essentially China to supply our industrial base, to supply our defense base. We have been borrowing money from China to build weapons to face down China using Chinese components.


That's not a good strategy when your biggest geopolitical adversary is China. Right? And so starting with Covid, could, could it Be that we were using Chinese components to arm the Ukrainians in a war against Russia, which is aligned with China? I think that absolutely could be the case. And I think that China, we know with the Chinese we're supplying Russians with, of course, dual use goods as, as well. And the, So China's on both sides. China's on both sides and critically think about crazy. Think about the implications of this, right? So we, America, when we wore the dominant power, we were the ones supplying the weapons to these types of conflicts.


Now, we didn't really have the ability to, to credibly say Ukraine, Taiwan, and Israel, we can supply all of you at once. Empirically, we demonstrated over the last three years, it was impossible. We were moving patriot systems out of Israel to to, to Ukraine. And then, you know, having to, having to backtrack in certain areas, in, in, in different conflicts. As a result of that, when paired with what happened in Covid, which was, Hey, we need more PPE and supplies and what have you. And China said, just as soon as we get, you know, ours, we were dependent on China and Covid, and we, it was made crystal clear to Washington that the defense industrial base has been too hollowed out by this currency system whereby we export dollars and, and we export our factories and our workers and China sends us stuff and we send 'em dollars And they send us goods and, and sorry, they send us goods, we send 'em dollars and then they reinvest those dollars in our financial markets.


And that's fine. That has been how the world has worked for 50 years and it's been great for Wall Street, it's been great for Washington, it's been great for China. It's not been great for the, the American middle and working class whose factories got offshore to China. And Washington was fine with that until all of a sudden they realized this process has gone so far. We cannot credibly fight a war without Chinese factories. And the defense department is saying, And they began saying it 10 years ago, no moss we're done here. This is, we need to start reshoring as a matter of national security. And the, the origin problem is the structure of this dollar system. And so we need to get out of the business of supplying China the dollars to buy up the world we need.


And that means we need to change the currency system that's been in place for 50 years. Well, when you say these types of things, the instant response, the correct response is, well, okay, if the US isn't going to run deficits, run up debt to supply the dollars to the world, who will? No one else will. The Chinese won't and no one else can. And that is correct. And the answer is, is then you're gonna have to settle deficits in something else that is nobody else's debt, nobody else's liability. And that is gold. And I think that's where this is going, which is, and I think it's part of the reason why the US is actually buying gold, is to try to turbocharge the, this change to the system.


When you hear President Trump say, we want to go back to tariffs and cut income taxes. When you hear Marco Ruby on his confirmation hearing, say, within 10 years, we are going to be dependent on China for everything. If we do not take aggressive actions to change and start to reshore change this currency system. And, and Reshore, when you have Senator Vance say what he said in 2023 to Powell about the dollar increasingly being a resource curse about which Vance is very familiar, having grown up in West Virginia and southern Ohio and seeing the de-industrialization, the chapter and verse, this administration understands this problem. Sure. What, what the current vice president j Vance said to the Fed chairman.


So in 2023, he said that the dollar shows the hallmarks of a resource curse, which is, it's, it's often called Dutch disease. I'll, I might, I might refer to as there, which is effectively, if you're Saudi Arabia and you discover that you are the biggest, lowest cost producer of oil, you produce a lot of oil and the rest of your economy shrivels up and does nothing, you know, it withers away and it it ultimately becomes a strategic handicap or a strategic risk. And you get and you get corruption Every time. Yeah, exactly. And Vance's point was that the dollars reserve status, we are the Saudi Arabia of money. That's how the system has worked for 50 years. We produce the world's reserve currency.


We're the Saudi Arabia of money. And what has followed is the hollowing out of industries other than those most closely tied to the money printer, to the dollar Washington Wall Street. And his point is, it is becoming this resource curse of, of being the Saudi Arabia of money is increasingly not good for the American middle class, the American working class, the US defense establishment. He specifically cited our inability to, to produce shells for Ukraine in his question to Powell in 2023, and You can find this online, You can Google it, I think it was April or March of 2023. And so it showed a fundamental understanding of this connection between the structure of the dollar system over the last 50 years and the situation in which we find ourselves, where our defense industrial base is so hollowed out and our debt level so high, we cannot credibly fight a war against our major adversaries without them supplying us.


And our debt is so high that they can weaponize their debt, our debt against us. And so ultimately I think the strategic reason why we're starting to see gold reenter the conversation why central banks have been buying gold for 10 to 12 years, why the US is, is gold, is we're likely moving to a system advocated for by the policies of the United States, if not outright saying, Hey, we want gold to be to, to, to, we want, we want gold to be the neutral reserve asset, but we can see the policies And they are functionally this in, they're functionally indistinguishable from saying we want gold to be the neutral reserve asset. I think what we're gonna do is move toward a system where the foreign capital flows, basically we bring factories, but we put tariffs on, we lower income taxes, us consumer spending rises the dollar.


We, we start to see foreigners send goods here, also pay us tariffs start to reinvest in our factories instead of just buying our treasury bonds and our financial assets. Employment goes up, building goes up, growth goes up. Ultimately though, if they're not recycling their dollars into, you know, they can only put so much in factories. They're not putting 'em in treasury bonds anymore. They haven't for some time, what are they gonna put it in if they have a surplus leftover from dealing with us where they can put their surplus dollars, et cetera. I think the answer's gold. And I think that's, I think the flows of gold the longer we go where the tariff story, you know, it's just tariffs and it just keeps coming and it just keeps coming.


Which I'm hearing is, is still to this point, continuing to keep coming gold flowing in. The more likely, in my opinion, when married with the pronouncements from Trump, Rubio Vance, Stephen Mein, the, the the Council of Economic Advisors cent, the more likely it is that these flows of gold into the US are effectively front running what will likely be a higher price of gold driven there by the recycling of global trade more into gold and less into us financial assets than has been the case over the last 50 Years. It's just, it's just an incredible story if what you're saying is right, it's incredible because really it's not, it's a, it's a, it's a move toward the fundamentals, toward the past.


It's actually moving backward. What you're saying is the future is like building more factories and buying more gold. Really? I thought, I thought we were moving to a far more abstract, I mean, I'm thrilled by it, let me just say, but it's the opposite of what I think many of us anticipate, which is a world that is increasingly abstract and you're describing a world that is increasingly concrete, I think Or an economy. An economy, yeah. And I think I, I I think there will still be growth in services and the abstractions in these things, the techno, this doesn't mean technology stops progressing. And when I say factories, I would use the broadest possible definition of factory. Right? So if you we're making things, we're making things making Robotic factories, correct.


But they're making things. Exactly. And that I think is where this is going. And again, critically, I think the reason it's going there, and I think the reason these policy makers, again, Trump, Besson Rubio Vance me like chapter and verse is it has become clear that the status quo dollar system has become an acute national security threat to the United States on two fronts. We can't make weapons, which we keep hearing. We can't make them fast enough to credibly defend our allies and, and, and, and project power and our debt has gotten so high that that too has become a national security threat.


And this sort of checks both boxes of, of, in terms of this systemic change it and it, it makes America great


again. So the People who built this country built it because they wanted freedom. One word freedom. They wanted freedom from oppressors who forced 'em to buy overpriced tea, then blockaded them when they tried to dump it into the ocean. How'd that work out? Well, we built America in response. So it's time to throw your big overpriced wireless contract overboard to a new tea party. You don't have to pay a hundred dollars a month just to use a phone. Most people don't use that much in services, but they pay it anyway. Our cell phone company, pure Talk says no to those prices. With a qualifying plan, You can choose an iPhone 14 or a Samsung Galaxy for nothing. Zero get premium service on America's most dependable 5G network. It only takes a minute to switch. We highly recommend it. No hassle, no gimmicks, just honest to goodness wireless priced, right. So you get your iPhone 14 or Samsung Galaxy for nothing, $0 with a qualifying plan. Go to pure talk.com/tucker, visit pure talk.com/tucker for details. America's wireless company,


I mean, it's an ama that's an amazing story that you're telling. I guess here's the flying the ointment. There's an entire class of people, some of the richest people in our society, some of whom I know, you know, too, who've gotten, you know, rich beyond the dreams of CREs by really doing nothing and adding nothing just as parasites on the financial system. You probably would be more generous than I am in describing what they do, but, but they're, they're useless people who've looted the country and, but they're really powerful. They're the biggest donors. And so they're gonna stand by and just let their world collapse. Well, Let's just think So, I mean, I don't, you know, it's one of these things where I think, you know, what's Charlie Munger say?


You show me an incentive, I'll show you an outcome. Right. It was one of Charlie Munger's famous quotes. Of course. Yeah. And so I don't, I don't see them as, I don't see them as, as parasites or whatever. I think I see them as rational people responding to it. Oh, They're, they're, they're, I just say, I don't think You can stand back and say like, you know, I don't know. I don't Wanna be no finance, finance Mean, I don't wanna be too mean. But like it's, it's harder for the layman me to understand sort of the added value. Is that the term that they use of some of these quote industries? It all seems fake. It all seems sort of, the product is short term thinking. It seems very mercenary, it seems disconnected from the national interest. It seems greedy among other things and, and basically disgusting. And it hasn't made the country stronger.


It's made it In fact weaker. It's described, it's made the country you just described. Sure. It's like totally overwhelmed by debt and can't even produce artillery shells. Like, well think about it, right? So like, like the system we set up, when you're the Saudi Arabia of money, as we've been since 71, you're going to have dollar Dutch disease. This is the resource curse fans talked about in 23. Right? And so you are going to have two sectors grow to the detriment of all other sectors. Federal government. Yep, Yep. And finance insurance, Wal real estate, right? The fire industry, finance. Now, both of those industries are absolutely bet, and I'm not calling them parasites, but they are parasitic industries.


They make money. Oh, I know. By taking a small cut of everything that comes in. Yeah. And if you just think about this intuitively, biologically in the natural world, if you have a small parasite on you, you have a small whatever gut parasite, it takes a little bit of every meal you eat. Maybe you don't feel a hundred percent, but you're fine. The parasite is great and you're fine. Right? At some point the parasite gets so big, if it's allowed to get so big that it's taking too many of your calories, you start to wither and you die ultimately. And that is where we're at. Un unfortunately, that's the symptoms of this are a hundred thousand people a year dying of drug overdoses.


Exactly. The inability to make shells, the hollowing out of the defense industrial base. And these are the things that this fixes. I mean it's, it's, you know, I I look at myself, I was fairly smart kid. I was gonna go into architecture, didn't like architecture. I could have done engineering, but I absolutely 35 years ago looked at it and said, okay, well I can study money really hard, right? And never go out to the bars and graduate in five years in engineering. Or I could get really good grades, a lot less effort, go out to the bars three, four nights a week and graduate in four years in business and in finance. And I, you know, I made a self, you know, I made a, it's a tragedy that commons problem, right.


It, I did what was best for me. I've, I've And my family, Most of my friends made the same choice. I'm not, you know, I Yeah, of course I people respond to incentive. That is exactly, of Course. Yep, yep, yep. And this, but this, this fundamentally changes the incentives. They, and when you do this neutral reserve assets. So to answer your question, there are a Lot of people vested in the current System, a lot of people vested Yes. Powerful. How are they gonna, I think what we have been watching over the last five years, and I think that's part of the, the, you know, the Trump versus, you know, the, the, The, there's no no, no question. The The the, the animosity to him it Manifests in party politics. Okay. Yeah. I think absolutely. And, and I think there has been a sort of the, a, a progression of the us you know, what was, you know, 1960 to 1980, what's good for GM's good for America, right?


And then from 1980 to 2020, what's good for Goldman Sachs is good for America. And I think starting Trump introduced some of these concepts 16 to 20. But I think Covid and then the war in Ukraine reinforced it. I think we're shifting to a, what's good for the US defense industrial base and midland working class is good for America. And so there's, you know, this to your point, this old, what's good for Goldman Sachs is good for America. Wing of the world, the Robert Rubins and the, you know, the Larry Summers and a lot of these guys you're seeing lament against all the tariffs and all this stuff. They're absolutely fighting.


I don't know that it is terrible for their interests. If, because what you're talking about, the two most pronounced dynamics are going to be the real value of long-term treasury bonds, long-term dollar bonds, right, exactly. Will fall relative to industrial assets, production, exactly. Equities, et cetera. So these guys may have less political power, but the reality is, is that's just a marketing to market. Their worldview has been proven wrong. We can't make shells. There are a hundred thousand people dying of drug overdoses every year. You do have a hollowed out defense industrial base. We do have too much debt. Like those things are no longer debatable. They're all empirically true. They're all empirically shown to be hurting the US So they can't argue on the merits.


So they've gotta attack the people trying to implement it. But in the end, I don't think they can win this argument anymore because events have proven them wrong. The system is, is going to change because the US military is not going to sit here and go, you know what guys, you're right, let's keep that system and we'll just have China make everything for us in five years. And then, you know, when you want us to face down the Russians over in, you know, Georgia or in, you know, Lithuania, you know, will ask the Chinese to make weapons for it. Like that's not gonna happen. So if that's not going to happen, and if we're not going to default on our debt, then the only outcome is they're gonna have to restructure this system in this way, which will be good for these people's equity bases.


Right? There'll be a lot more bank loans. So it's just more, it's not catastrophic, it's just catastrophic to a worldview. But the worldview like to any objective observer is already dead. Could, I mean, just to ask a kind of googo question 'cause I can't control myself, but you know, you, you'd hate to see manufacturing come back and then discover the only manufacturing is like machines that kill other people. Could you also, 'cause that's totally, that's totally disgusting. Yeah. It's Unproductive. Yeah. You, You, well you can't be proud of a country whose only export is bombs. I mean that's, you know, you can't be proud of that. That's totally immoral. So you, you need military, you need weapons, but you also want build things that are beautiful and uplifting and life enhancing also.


Could you get that too? I think absolutely. I mean, ultimately you think about everything we've shifted to, you know, the, this system has required us offshoring, infrastructure, manufacturing, et cetera. That stuff needs to be rebuilt, right? We're sort of, when you look at the flows of the last 50 years, it, we, our, in our, our infrastructure looks like we lost a war. It's, it's been, it's It's Hollowed out. It's been dilapidated. And so there's decades of open field running of, I mean I'm, I'm an investor in a private equity investment in US electrical infrastructure. It's a boring business.


They just make metal bending stuff that goes into transformers and Stuff. No, it's not boring at all. It's The future. But it's, it's absolutely the future. And they've got so much demand, they can't hire enough people. I can't, you know, and so there's, once you get the right incentives in place in them in terms of the monetary system and, and those flows, the markets will start to work and they'll start to feed on themselves. And then we can get into things, okay, wow, we have enough lec you know, we've got enough the demand. Now we need to build the power plants. Once we build the power plants, then we can build more high speed rail. We build more high-speed rail build trains. We Need more master Electricians too. We need, we need more electricians, we need more. Totally. And it can feed on itself. It's not easy. There's high degree of executional risk, not least of which is Because we have doled so long because this other wing of Washington has been so successful in fighting off what has long been obvious to the military and others.


We gotta run fast. We gotta run not quite on a Manhattan project type of timeframe. But we, like, we don't have, you know, we need to be aggressive in doing this. And I think it's part of the reason why we've seen the Trump administration be so aggressive with some of their moves so early on. I mean, it has been fascinating how quickly they've been doing things and moving fast and breaking stuff. And some of the stuff is that, oops, we didn't need to do that. Let's turn. But I think that's speed reflects, in my opinion, my read of that speed of action by the Trump administration is a nod towards understanding that this needs to get going fast. It's So big picture, it's just so impressive.


Y you know, just from a management perspective like that they're thinking in these terms and I think we know that they're thinking in these terms. Oh, we, They absolutely are. You can see it in their public pronouncements. And GD Vance specifically, maybe I'm, tell me if you think I'm giving him too much credit, but he seems to have thought about this, like holistically, like in a big way. You described that exchange with Rome Powell DI mean, are you getting indications that Vance has has a big picture in mind? I think Vance understands it at a level as good as any politician that I've seen in this country, in my, in, in, in decades.


And I think some of that is, you know, if, if, if, if viewers haven't watched Hillbilly Elegy or read the book Hillbilly Elegy, he understands it at such an intuitive level. 'cause he lived it. He was in Middletown, Ohio. He saw what happened in Middletown, Ohio. He saw what happened to his family. He saw, he saw the hollowing out. I mean, so much so that Larry Summers one of the people that trying to fight this was publicly praising Vance and Hillbilly Elegy in 2017. You can find it on x saying, oh my gosh, I had no idea this was happening. Yeah. So I think Vance, he's such A foolish man. Larry Summers. Yeah, That's a whole different topic. No, but Just like for it's, I mean, I'm Smart as he is. It's, yeah, he's As smart as he is.


I mean, air quotes, because I mean, we we're constantly bombarded this propaganda about how smart all these different people are. They're so smart. Really? Are they so smart? How are they their, how do they order their own lives? For one thing, the smart And common sense, right? Like, how's your Marriage doing? Like your kids respect you? Like how smart are you actually? What's the, you know, what's the, your output, what have you created that's worth having? Like smart people almost by definition would have sort of successes, right? What's his success? I don't really get it gathering, you know, merit badges, whatever. I'm sorry. Yeah. Anyways, so yeah, The whole leadership class is like that though. There's a, there. Yeah. Oh, you're so smart. Really? Show me how. And it's, you know, so Vance I think really gets at a fi he lived it. He saw like more than anyone in that seat that we've seen in our lifetimes, I, I would argue saw and is spoken about, has spoken about the resource curse.


And so Vance, you know, the, the dollar Dutch disease, what happened to manufacturing, what happened to families, what happened to the social fabric of the middle and working class across America. And he wrote about it. He, you know, the movies about him and it, and in 2023, he specifically linked reserve currency status of the dollar specifically said it might not be a good thing for the US specifically said, we are getting wildly outproduced by the Russians and Ukraine and we can't credibly maintain our defense obligations 'cause we don't have the industrial base to do so because of the dollar system and the resource curse and kind of left it open for Powell to kind of say, Hey, you know, you got two minutes to answer, you know, what do you think?


And, and I think he gets it so fundamentally from, we talked earlier about, you know, where you grow up leads and influences your views on investing in the world, et cetera. The, the timeframe in which you grow up and where you grow up, think about the timeframe in which he grew up and where he grew up. And, and he's brilliant and his ability to just synthesize data and understand not just the direct linkages, but the second and third derivative implications and the policies that could be taken, the levers that could be pulled to move those second and third derivatives in a way that is beneficial to fix, to really fix the issue and not just, you know, print money and try to paper over it.


That's totally right. It's, he, he's he's very encouraging, in my opinion, Kind of shocking. I think a lot of pe I mean, you don't wanna curse at me, he's the vice president, not The president. So, but on the other hand, I think some people in the last month have looked at some of the things JD Vance has said and written and been sort of stunned by how deep and well expressed they are. Think about you're not used to that. No. And, and you know, last weekend's a perfect example. And, and again, I it goes to that whole, the existing system that's empirically been proven to not be what's right for us. All you heard about last weekend was how he had insulted free speech in the UK and in the eu. And, and I thought that, is That what they were saying?


Oh, I don't follow That stuff. Oh my goodness. They were, they were they every the monkeys and melting flower about, oh, the liberal free speech and blah. And I think they missed the, they buried the lead, They missed the points. I mean, they're just liars, who cares? He, he said, Germany, you are the only country that did not follow. And I quote the stupid Washington consensus of the seventies, eighties and nineties. That's correct. Nineties that de-industrialized. That's correct. All of us. And now you're choosing to de industrialize like that. Just choosing passage alone tells you The Biden administration blew up their effing natural gas pipeline. I mean it de-industrialized the country for them. And they're such selfing cuts that they said not a word about it.


They've been trained for 80 years to hate themselves and the net result is the total destruction of the heart of Europe, which is Germany. Sorry. It is, It's, it's been, it's, it was shocking to me the lack of reaction. How is this good for the world? It's not, How is this good for the United States to destroy Europe? It it, it makes no sense to me. It's Vandalism on a scale that most people don't understand. And I, anyway, God bless Treaty Vance for saying that. And he is absolutely right. That, And he and yeah, and that ties back into this whole point of these policymakers or tell, when was the last time you had the vice president of the United States called the seventies, eighties, nineties Holy grail. This is the dollar system Stupid. The stupid Washington consensus.


I don't ever remember hearing that. And if it was a one-off, okay, whatever. But we've heard it, the interactions with Powell Trump saying, I wanna make us like great, like we were 18 70, 19 13, which is tariffs, low income tax, no income tax. Rubio saying, listen guys, we can't make stuff in 10 years. We're gonna be dependent on China for everything we need. Besant saying in his confirmation hearing, wall Street's had a great run. Main Street has really suffered it's main street's time. We need to pursue policy man bolster Main Street, wall Street will still be okay, they'll still do fine. Maybe not as well, but it's main street's time. We need a main street. These policy makers are telling us. And it all, in my opinion, goes back to the structure of the system, which is as long as we store global surpluses in our financial markets and in particular treasuries, that system's gonna continue.


You move to a neutral reserve asset like gold. Because now when they store money in gold, price of gold goes up, currencies can move around. We can, it, it's a natural rebalancing mechanism. The dollar will weaken against other, against the want. Right? What have we been saying? We want the Chinese weaken. You want weaken the yu want, or excuse me, strengthen the, you want strengthening, you want strengthen the, you want strengthen you want. If gold goes up in dollars and doesn't go up as much in Yuan by virtual flows into, you know, dollar flows into gold and fewer yuan flows into, into gold, the dollar's gonna go down versus the yuan, which is the very thing we've been trying to get the Chinese to do, to stop dumping so much product. Yes. Cheap product here.


Gold will take care of it. It's, it, it it, it just does what it's, Are you advising the new administration? No, I hope you will. The, I I guess the only criticism I would have of your critique, which I think is kind of brilliant and very well explained, is that I think you may be undervaluing or underwriting the ferocity of the response. I just, I Don't disagree. I'm From d I'm from DC and I I just think the state, the stakeholders as we call them, the people who are benefiting from the system in place can be really ferocious in protecting that. I I agree. And one of the things I've, I don't have as much familiar with that, and so I would admit naivete towards the degree of that to a certain extent.


One thing I would say to me, it killed Like a million people in Ukraine for like, no reason. So clearly they, they don't care about the human cost. Well, and and it's the, from a layman's perspective, I thought a lot of the Trump appointments were interesting in and of themselves, but as you know, there's appointments and then there's confirmations, right? And so I was withholding judgment to see, and I think there is some, to me again, as a, as a Washington layman encouraging Yeah. That he picked Vance number one after what Vance said most important, That's me was check one most important thing. I agree. So, okay, Vance gets it on that policy. But then when you see, when you see tulsi very unpopular in the beltway, okay, not only does she get picked, she gets confirmed.


RFK Jr I Know not only gets picked but gets confirmed like cash yesterday. Okay. Another so point being that you are seeing, you know, hegseth unpopular, confirmed. So there's this slate of people that are non sort of deep state if we will get picked and get confirmed. And so to me, you know, I would, I would defer to your joint, but as, as, as a layman to Washington, the fact they got picked and then that they got confirmed is at least encouraging that that fight that I think is presents executional risk to this optimistic view of where we could be in 2, 3, 5, 10 years.


In my opinion. It's those appointments and what have you have, have on some level mitigated, or at least they're victories. They're, they're victories in That front. They're huge victories. And you know, we're now 31 days in, I dunno when this is gonna air, but we're a month and a day into the administration and they've won almost everything except Matt Gates. And, You know, I think it's incredible. I've never seen anything like this, nothing like this has happened in my lifetime in Washington. On the other hand, it was really a victory over the Republican senate, which is a collection of some of the worst people I've ever met, but also some of the dumbest and weakest. And so it's a, it's a great victory and I love to see them humiliated and you know, every day that some of these people weep as a happy day for me.


On the other hand, like they're not, you know, some of the stakeholders in the current financial system are smart and serious And they, you know, they're not people to play with at all. I think they're completely ruthless. I think they are, you know, willing to resort to things. You, it's hard to even to imagine. And I don't know, I just think there's a fight ahead. I I think it's, i I would defer to your judgment on it, but I intuitively makes perfect sense to me. Yeah. One last question. Where does this leave the, the average person, the retail investor, whatever we're calling that person Now on the question of gold, like, you know, I mean if governments love gold, if gold plays a really essential part of the global financial system, which you've described, I think in great detail, is it wise for the average person to take delivery on gold and buried in this yard?


Yes. I think, I think the average investor should have probably five to 10% of their net worth in gold Bull coins. It's fascinating throughout. I've been in the investment research business for 30 years and one of the, it's offensive on some level, but it's, it's, it's, it's, it's an old saw because it's true. It's, once you start to see retail, investing, retail investors plowing into something en mass, right? Runaway. And a lot of times the banks too, by the way, the commercial banks Yeah, yeah. Run away. And, you know, we saw that with, you know, dot com stuff in the late nineties, e toys, Pets.com Web band. You remember? I remember well, I remember 'em well, right? And then it was, you know, San State Real Estate Oh yeah.


Subprime mortgages and, and those kind of things. And in the last three to four years, the biggest marginal buyer of long-term US treasury bonds has been da, da da US retail. They've been investment funds, right? So the biggest buyers of of of 2, 3, 5, 7, 10, 20 and 30 year US treasury bonds, they've been buying anywhere from 60 to 70% of new issuance for the last three to four or five years. And that's, I'm not saying there's any risk to treasury bonds on a nominal basis. There isn't, however, No, it sounds totally safe. You're gonna get every dime you're promised, but we can't guarantee you what that those, those, those dollars will buy you in the real world, those Dimes will be worth.


Right. That's why, you know, when you, you've got this dichotomy where for 40 years, you know, from 1974 to 2014, global central banks were buying treasury bonds And they were selling gold. Why would You ever buy a bond from, from the same person who can print the currency? I just don't understand that. I mean, I, if You believe the inflation numbers and that like, look, there are no, but I mean it's, it's kind of like a rigg system, right? Like The Government is issuing the debt, which is held in a specific currency, but that same government prints that currency. Yeah. And that's why they're, they're so hyperfocused on the fed managing inflation. No. Like, oh, I know. It's, it's, it doesn't Make any sense. It's like kind of a Rig game. It it is, My ignorance protects me from bad investments because like, if it doesn't make sense, I'm not, not that I invest, but like, you know What I mean?


No. And intuition is, is to be trusted. Well that just like, that just Doesn't make sense, doesn't make sense that that was ultimately why I first got in an interest in gold. 'cause Well, Both of the key question is not do you get paid back what they owe you? The key question is what you just said, which is what is the value of what they pay you back? It's, you may get every dime back, but maybe those dimes aren't worth anything. Well, and that's, And they Determine what the dimes are worth. So it's a rigged deal. Oh, it's, and it's, that's why I first got involved in gold. I had never owned gold before 2000, late 2008 or early 2009 when they've, when the us you know, depths of the great financial crisis came out And they said, okay, now we're gonna print a trillion dollars and we're gonna buy treasury bonds, qe. And I remember thinking to myself going, how can an oil producer like Russia or our factory base like China look at that and say, so I'm gonna expend all this energy to pump this oil and produce it and refine it and ship it and send it and, and pay you for dollars and then put that, those dollars into treasury bonds and you're just gonna click a couple keys on a computer and buy a trillion dollars of the treasury.


Why would I sell my oil and store my surpluses in treasuries? That was what first, and sure enough, guess what happened later in 2008 or in into 2009, 2010, Russia started buying gold in their reserves. Of course the Chinese, same thing. How could you sell all this stuff to the United States actual stuff like store 'em in treasury. Yeah. And, and store it in treasury bonds and then have the Americans print it and sure enough, Chinese gold purchase started ramp. So for me, when you, when you go back to what does it mean for us retail, it's the same type of dynamic. The United States government owes its baby boomers right now, it's United States takes $5 trillion a year in tax receipts. And right now we're paying baby boomers and entitlements $3.3 trillion of that.


So about 70, almost 70% of receipts are going to boomers entitlements. Has there ever been a generation that deserves it less? That's a question. No, I'm, I'm serious. Has there ever been a generation that, has there ever been a more destructive generation, a more self-involved generation? A a more annoying generation, if I can just Say. Yeah, I just, I take a, you know, as a generation, I take it again, it's, it's, I try to put myself in their shoes and it's, it's, look, if I was born when they were born and their parents came home from World War II and basically had, you know, 16 kids and like let 'em to go be free range chickens. And they, they just sort of, I love all that, that they were general, they were, they were a product of the environment and The time they lived, but they never stopped talking about themselves.


That's, I I love huge families. I love prosperity, I like peace and freedom. I like all that stuff. What I don't like is self involvement. And those people never stopped telling their own story. The stupid Vietnam war, every cliche about Woodstock and the dumb civil rights movement, which actually didn't really help anybody. And everything about it was just like, just, it was just, they were drowning in Lake Me. And I was raised around people like that And they were my teachers and I, every single one of my teachers went to Woodstock. Every single one of my teachers was some sit-in and some lunch counter in Greensboro or so it's like they all were participating in these same mass market cliches, which they thought were like a sign of, you know, unique individualism or something.


But they were all like a herd. They were like dumb and narcissistic did and mediocre. Did you not notice that? I would agree with the narcissism as a generation. Yeah, I would agree with that. Talking About Selma all the time. And I would be like, how is Selma like, have you been to Selma? Like it's an actual place with actual people. Like are they thriving? You know, all these people were like, you know, just lecturing you about how great they were. 'cause they were at Selma and I always, I always wanted to, and then I wound up in Selma. You ever been to Selma? I've never been to Selma. Yeah, You should go to Selma and, and then You can tell 'em to like shut up actually. Because like the sum total of your efforts was, you know, like poverty, despair and chaos.


Like you didn't actually achieve anything. So be quiet. Sorry. You can feel my resentment. No, No, no. It's, it's, I hate those people. So with, so think about that, right? So if you're getting 3.3 trillion in receipts or trillion in receipt, Stole a nice, and I'm like such a lunatic, sorry, Excuse me's okay, excuse me. The but how, how do you get them to pay more for their own care? Well, simple. You get 'em into treasury bonds and then you tell them inflation's four, you give 'em a 4.4% on the treasury bond and you actually let inflation run six Eight. Right? Exactly. And that's why you need to also as an investor, whether you're a boomer, whether you're not a boomer, a younger, you need to own some gold because over time you'll lose on your bonds, but your gold will more than compensate you for that inflation.


Your maintain your purchasing power. And you know, I think your stocks will, and certainly if you know, if, if broadly diversified, but that gold is ultimately the release valve that that is happening. That that, and, and it needs to happen. But basically we're not gonna be able to have an election where and and say, Hey boomers, we need you to pay more for your care, then no, no politician will be in office after trying to do that. If they raise taxes on boomers to do that. So what do they do? Because they can't do that. They take sort of the politically un courageous way out, which is you inflate you have to inflate. And that's what they're doing, what they have been doing, what they're going to continue to keep doing, in my opinion.


And that's why I think you wanna own, I think retail investors need to own five 10% of their, of their assets in Gold Bull. So it's, it, What, I didn't check the spot price this morning, but 29 50 ish, ish. Where do you think it goes in the next, I I know you hate questions like this, but like, I mean, I can't resist final question where, you know, where could go gold go? So this is something in our business, I say if you give a price, never give a time. Right? Give time, never give a price. I'm sorry, I know it's No, it's okay. It's okay. No, it's, IIII do it to, to be self-aware and parody myself on some level. But no, in all seriousness, over time, the one of the metrics I have looked at when we're talking about a restructuring of a system, we talk about the debt levels being a problem, all these things, I have a metric that looks at the market value of us official gold, right?


So let's, let's pretend it's all there. We had that discussion already. Let's pretend it's all there or it's being brought back here maybe as we speak. But it's all there, there's a metric that I follow that is the US official gold as a percentage of the foreign held portion of the US federal debt, right? So it's what percentage it market price, what percentage is the United States official gold collateralizing our foreign held debt? Because in the end we can cram down our own people, but we have to, we have to. Yeah. Yeah. Maintain foreign, you gotta pay Our creditors. Yeah. So long term, the average, going back to I think 1960 or 1950, that number was 40% US official gold at market price collateralized our debt by on average 40% as recently as 1989, that number was 20% in the, in the dollar crisis of 79 80, that number was 135%.


That was a true gold bubble. In other words, if our foreign creditors would've been so inclined we did it, they could have demanded gold for treasuries and we still would've had a third of our gold leftover. Okay, where is that number today? That number today with gold having risen 40% in the last year is at 9%. Yeah, that's bad. So gold in my opinion, would minimum over time probably has to rise at least two x and probably more like four x just to get back to historical levels, assuming no further growth in the debt and assuming no ever again and assuming no, no dollar crisis, that leads it to go over over 40%. And so I it's still paradoxically one of the cheapest assets on the board.


When you look at it relative to the debt outstanding and the way this probably needs to be resolved from a debt perspective and a and an economic restructuring perspective, China clearly thinks so. Yep. If people found what you said compelling and smart and really insightful, my views, where do they read more? Sure of your insights. We have institutional and mass market products@ftt-llc.com. I appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you. We wanna Thank you for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day. We know the people who run it, good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bell so you never miss an episode.


We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter. Telling the truth, always, you'll not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell. We appreciate it. Thanks for watching.