
This episode is brought to you by LifeLock between two-factor authentication, strong passwords, and A VPN. You try to be in control of how your info is protected, but many other places also have it, and they might not be as careful. That's why LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats. If your identity is stolen, they'll fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year. Visit lifelock.com/podcast for 40% off terms apply.


What happened to you? Marjorie Taylor Greene. I was reliably informed that you were a right-wing extremist, and now I'm hearing from Mark Levin and others that you're a liberal. Yeah, I think, I think that's what they're saying. So, so you've, you've gotten pretty liberal. No, no, no. You haven't. No, not one bit. But you are saying things that I've never heard you say before. Of course. We're in a different moment. We're in a moment where, you know, a lot of things that I'll speak for myself that I had zero interest in ever talking about, got kind of forced on us because of the wild unbridled aggression of a few ideologues in Washington. Kind of like, you just can't avoid the topic.


Right. So you are a Republican serving in the house. The really, the only issue that all Republicans in the house agree on is that Israel is a priority over the United States. They all agree. Oh, absolutely. They all agree on That. And but you're now saying that you don't think that's true. No. As a matter of fact, I'm sticking to the campaign promises that I've made from the beginning. Yes. America first. Yep. That's, that's what I've said the entire time. Oh, And you meant it. I guess I unapologetically mean it. Yeah. And apparently that's shocking.


This is so interesting, Tucker. Since I've become a member of Congress since 2021, we have voted on 22 resolutions for Israel, 22 of them, all kinds of resolutions, you know, denouncing antisemitism, supporting Israel. We voted on 22 of those. We never vote on resolutions, proclaiming great things about America, or defending certain Americans, or defending Americans in general. But we have voted on 22 resolutions in the house defending Israel. How Many of you voted Yes on, I don't know my exact record. The last one I voted no on.


And then the one before that I voted present because I just started getting sick of it. Well, That's kind of it. I mean, I never really, I've always noticed this, certainly in the last, I don't, I don't know how many years it's been a while, where republicans in the Congress or, you know, always talking about Israel. I'm not against Israel. I've always liked Israel, so I don't, I haven't really noticed it. Okay, fine. You know, love Israel, right? Love any country, you know, whatever. But it feels like something has changed. Like why and clearly it has for you. What is that thing? Well, I think I, here's a situation. It's coming to a point where it's so obvious all the time in everyone's language, the social media posts they put out, the statements that they make.


They have to proclaim Israel. They have to proclaim their, their faith and loyalty and Israel, and how they, you know, Israel is our greatest ally. And it's a statement that has to be made over and over and over again to the point it's becoming like, wait a minute, what about our own country? Yes. What about our own people? And we have so many problems here in America, and we talk about this all the time, $37 trillion in debt. Just like you And I were speaking before, our kids generation, my kids are 22, 25, and 27, and our children's generation, they can't afford rent. They can't afford to buy a house. They can't afford insurance. They can't buy a new car. They can't find a good paying job. They're living month to month paycheck to paycheck, credit card bills stacked up.


And they literally look to the future going, how am I ever going to realize the American dream? And it seems hopeless for them. But then in Congress, everyone is chasing and pursuing and proclaiming their loyalty to a foreign country. And my goodness, I have nothing against Israel. I wish them well. Exactly. Exactly. I wish the people of Israel well, I wish Jewish people well, but I also wish every country well, And I want good things for everyone. So why do You hate Israel so much? Right? Yeah. But you know, here's what it is. I compare it to, it's like white guilt. You know, we've dealt with white guilt for so many years and, and it, it's, it's, Has it worked?


Has it improved anyone's life? No. Yeah. No. And this is a similar thing when in reality everyone's lives are going to improve here in our country if we just focus on our own country. Yeah. And it's really simple. One of my children just graduated college, And I was talking to her this morning over coffee. She's got 13 friends. She's moving to a major American city with, and I know, of course I know them all. I've known them, you know, for her four years in college. Great, great people three have jobs. Three, Yeah. Out Of 13, three out of 13, you know, and it's, it's not you. It's like a real college. Yeah. You know, pretty good college and pretty smart kids. Hard to get into for sure.


Yeah. Three out of three outta 13. And most of 'em are from, you know, well-to-do family, they'll be fine. Dark and starved death or anything. Right. But like, that's not, that's not good. No. It's ridiculous. Yeah. We, we are literally failing our children. Yeah. And it's unacceptable. And it's opening the door for so many bad things in America. It's opening the door for Americans, turning to voices and turning to leaders that they should never pay attention to. Exactly. And I'm, it disgusted me, honestly. I'll, I turned a corner this past weekend where I'd had it. I've, I've, I, I have been in co four years. My first four years was under the Biden administration.


And so everything I blamed on Democrats. Exactly. And I was absolutely repulsed and disgusted to what happened to our country over four years, just like everyone else. Shocked, angry, and disgusted. Me too. And obviously that's why we won in November. Yes. Oh My goodness. It was a miracle. I mean, people poured out from all walks of life, all backgrounds, and came out and voted for Trump, voted for Republicans in the house, Republicans in the Senate. So we've been in power for six months. And, And I was so excited in the beginning thinking there's nothing we can't do. Literally nothing we can't do. But six months in, there's literally nothing that we can do.


And then we ended up bombing a foreign country. And that upset me so much. And, and I'm allowed to be upset about it. I can stand here and say, you, you are Allowed. Well, no, I'm not sure if not, according to Mark Levin, and not according to many others, you know, that, that prioritize another country over our country. It, yeah. It's, it's interesting you said a second ago that when people are really frustrated, when they're, the system they live under fails them. They listen to voices that they shouldn't listen to or wouldn't listen to under any other circumstance. Like, how did Al Sharp didn't get to be the leader of Black America or whatever. I mean, it's like, just, it's a thing. Desperate people tend to go to crappy leaders, I think.


And I just can't get over what happened in our biggest city this week, the very same week that everybody in DC is focused thousands of miles away on the greatest threat we face. Or Ron's nuclear program. I don't want Ron to have the bomb. I'm not pro Ron, obviously. No, we're not pro Iran. Yeah. Like, why do we have to say it? But we do. Right? It's, it's, but there's the disclaimer. But at the same time that everybody was looking to Iran, our largest city had a democratic primary. Effectively the mayor's race and like 3-year-old socialist who wants government run grocery stores, gets, gets elected. He's gonna likely run our biggest city. Yeah. And In the, in the country, Right.


New York. And It's like, why did that happen? Is it because people are so like desperate for government run grocery stores or love socialism or love, like foreign born mid wis running their cities? Probably not. That guy was the only person in the New York City mayor's debate to say he wanted to focus on New York City. They were all the candidates were asked if you could visit a foreign country, what would it be? And they of course all had an answer. I think most said Israel great. And he said, I wouldn't go anywhere. I'd stay in New York. And like, if I want to meet Jewish constituents, I go to their synagogues, their homes or whatever. But I'd be here in New York. 'cause that's what I'm doing. I'm running New York. That's my job. Well, He gave the right answer. He gave the right answer. Yeah. He gave the right answer at least. And he's talking, I totally oppose his program, just To be absolutely clear.


Yeah. I don't think it works. But he's talking about economics. Yep. And everyone else is talking about foreign policy. Why is it hard to talk about economics, domestic economics? I don't know. Apparently they don't know how to fix it. Well, look who he was running against. He's looking, I mean, the failed mayor Andrew Cuomo. Look at him. He was governor. Yeah. Governor or governor. Yeah. Discussing sexual all types of accusations. Yeah. So he was, he was seen as the dirty establishment. Right. Democrat. Right. A Machine politician. Yeah. Right, right. That really never solved anyone's problems. They already had him. And they still have the same problems. Right. They're still poor. They can't afford life.


They can't afford to move up in the world. Exactly. Exactly. And so they looked at Andrew Cuomo and was like, why am I gonna vote for him? He's not gonna make my life better. No, it's totally right. And so they look at this, this man who's been in our country for, what, six years? Yeah. Six years. So he is foreign born. He's a socialist. And he's promising to empty the prisons and do all kinds of crazy things. And he's talking, but he's talking to them on their level and talking about, talking about the problems they are facing, relating to them with the problems they're facing. So these young people have no choice but to turn to this. I, I agree. And it's, it's, it is a failure. It is literally a failure of, of the Republican party.


I think the Republican party has completely failed. And it makes me so angry Tucker. And I can't, you know, I'm, I'm not supposed to speak out. Right. I'm not supposed to have my own opinion. I'm supposed to just have blind allegiance to my party, and I'm supposed to cheer lead and rah, rah rah. But that's not why I ran, that's not why I ran for Congress in the first place. I literally ran because I was mad at Republicans. Yeah. Well, I'm still mad at Republicans because it is affecting our children's lives and future. And it's, it's our job to hold our elected leaders accountable. It's my job to hold my colleagues accountable. And if we don't fix these problems to the point where young people are turning to crazy socialists, it's gonna get worse.


It's literally going to get worse in our It, it'll be gone. I, I don't think we could ever get it back.


So you walk into my garage, my actual garage, one of the first things you see is a liberty safe. We trust it. All my family's guns are in there. The guns I inherited, the guns I actually hunt with. I put the things I really care about in a Liberty safe. They've got a new pricing program on its centurion line that makes it easier than ever to afford real protection, which is made in the United States. These, these safes are actually made here in Paceon, Utah. Skilled American workers make them, and they are clearly a quality product. They're not that expensive. Prices start below 600 bucks. The Centurion line is the perfect product for first time buyers. It's ideal for protecting your firearms, important family documents, anything you want to keep safe. My guns are right there, Right now. Every American deserves access to high quality, secure storage without spending money overseas. That's why Liberty is the best. Liberty safe.com. The whole century in line is there. Keep your family protected. You'll be glad you did.


We are This MLB season FanDuel's Dinger Tuesday is back. And this year all customers get a profit boost to BET home runs every week. So gear up to Go yard all season long on FanDuel. America's S number one Sportsbook 21 plus in Presidents. Next states opt-in required bonus issued is non-controllable profit Boost tokens Restrictions apply, including any token expiration in max wager amount. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


So the people trying to wreck our civilization want you to be passive. They want you weak so they can control you. Weakness is their goal. No thanks. Our friends at Beam, a proud American company. Understand that our country can only be great if its people are strong. And that's why they've created a new creatine product to help listeners like you stay mentally sharp and physically fit. People like to mock creatine. Cena doesn't like creatine at all, but people buy it 'cause it works. Beam's, creatine can help you improve your strength, your brain health, your longevity. It's completely free of sugar and synthetic garbage. That's in almost everything else that you eat. Of course, you don't hear about it too much because again, a population that is strong, clear-minded, and physically capable is a threat to tyrants. That's why they want you to play in video games. To celebrate American strength, actual American strength Beam is offering up to 30% off their bestselling creatine for the next 48 hours. Go to shop beam.com/ Tucker. Use the code Tucker at checkout. That's Shop Beam BEA m.com/ Tucker. Use the code Tucker for up to 30% off. It's built on core values, integrity, results. No BS beam. We strongly recommend it.


Well, it's just kinda weird 'cause Fox News tells us that the real threats are abroad or there are Iranian sleeper cells in the United States. It seems to me the real threat to the United States is the collapse of its cities, of its population centers where the most people live. I don't live in a city, don't wanna live in a city because they suck. Yeah. But in a normal country, I would live in a city and so would you. Sure, of course. So I don't understand how if we spent the last 25 years fighting all these wars obsessively focused on our enemies abroad jihadi or whatever they're telling us the threat is white supremacists under Biden and the country has not gotten better. No.


It's like maintaining the empire has destroyed the Republic. It does feel that way. Oh, 100%. But we have to look at what the struggle we're dealing with. So I think it's very interesting to look at the pattern in place. So 2016 America rose up And I was one of those little people, and we rose up and, and turned to one man because he was different. On a stage of 17, he was 100% different than the other 16. And he spoke our language and cared about issues. We were like, Oh My gosh, we've never heard a politician say this before. So we elected Trump and then, then President Trump went into his first administration, totally unaware of what he was getting into. I mean, who could know? If you're coming from the outside, how could you know how that system works?


You can't. I didn't know. And so then President Trump thought, Hey, everyone's supporting me now. I won. I won the election. All Republicans should get behind me. We're all going for the same thing. But no, they stabbed him in his back. People in his administration were horrible. They threw him under the bus, allowed him to be investigated and accused of horrible things. The people stood with him. But we watched the establishment, tried to beat him back. Then the election was stolen in 2020, then January 6th happened, the establishment roared back again and tried to take back the Republican party, take it back and take control. The people didn't let it happen though. The people were like, no, we are not.


We do not wanna go back to the NeoCon ways. We don't wanna go back to the failures of the leadership of the Republican party. So then we saw what happened. He, he got more powerful. They were prosecuting him. I mean, 34 indictments. They found him guilty. They tried to kill him twice. They tried. They put him in jail, giving him that iconic photo, and then we elected him again. But it's the same thing. You know what's happened? The establishment and the neocons, the ones that tell us that they're America first. Oh, we're not. We're fake Maga. Fake Maga. They're the ones that have figured out how to dress up in, in an America first costume and put on a MAGA hat.


And now they speak our language perfectly. They have the dialect down, they know the lingo, and they know how to talk like us, but they're not us at all. And that, I think that's what we saw happen over the past week when, when, when we bombed Iran, we saw the whole establishment rear its ugly head, and it's bigger than we could have imagined. And I think it was fully exposed. And to me, I looked at that And I went, wow. It's worse than I thought. Me too. Because you wanna know something Tucker, we only have President Trump for a few more years, and in just a few more years, we're going to have to elect another president. And we're going to all have to turn and find a new leader that will share our values and fight for them.


That's gonna be very hard because we are gonna have to fill shoes that are very big, very difficult to feel, to fill. And we've had President Trump now for all these years, and so many people are gonna be disappointed because you're not gonna have another Trump. There's not going to be one. And I think it's the most dangerous time for people like us that truly care about our country, le love our children and wanna fix the problem so that their lives can be better. And I think we're going to face a real fight within our party to make sure that it it that we are pushing the focus to focus on America, focus on our problems, and just let the world do its thing. We can have great trade deals, we can do all these things, but it's going to be very hard to push that system in place because I, I really think in the past week I realized that that's not who they are.


They said it on the campaign trail. They they promised it when they got elected and a whole bunch of others, the talking heads on tv, they all pretended. But in the past week, I was like, Nope. It's, that's it's not real. Yeah. So the question is, do the people who really do care about the United States give up and leave, you know, the party, the movement or not? I mean, New York City was built by, you know, hardworking, sober Christian people and they built this amazing city. And then of course they all left because it became chaotic starting in the sixties. And they're, they're all gone. And that's, you know, that's what you get the election results you do.


Yeah. They just ran away. Right. And they moved to the suburbs, or Montana or wherever. They have a tendency to productive people have a tendency to do that. They don't stay in fight. They like, I don't wanna deal with this. I'm out. Yeah. They don't have to stay in the fight. Well, That's true. But do you see that happen with America first? Do you, like, in five years, are people gonna be like, you know, when Mark Levin and Laura Loomer built America first with Tom Cotton and Lindsey Graham, right. Like, you know, the heroes of the movement, right? Like the Soviets redefined the Bolshevik revolution to make, you know, Stalin the head of it. Oh, Totally. I mean, you know what I mean? I mean, Laura Luber is America first, right?


I Mean, except Israel first. But can you, is that gonna happen? Do you think that people who really think that we, you know, we need a government that focuses on the country it represents, will those people stick around and say, no, I'm sorry. You can't, I don't, I can see through your skin suit. I know who you are. This, this is all fake. You can't use my government, my military to pros, you know, to prosecute these silly sectarian wars anymore. Right. I don't know. I'm gonna be really honest. I don't know. I think it goes one of two ways. If They can kick you out, then I think we'll know the answer. Oh, for sure. They would love to. They're already trying to, I've had, I had three reporters, literally was it yesterday?


I think it was yesterday. Three reporters, one from Punchbowl, one from Axios, and one from the Wall Street Journal. And I know who they're, they're connected to people. And they came, they came and they were asking me the same stupid questions, trying to make this like, she's, she's betrayed Trump. She's, she's broken up with Trump, she's turned her back on him. Which couldn't be further from the truth. But they're setting the stage because they want these headlines. Right. So the Wall Street Journal is now kind of looking out for Trump. Oh, totally. Yeah. The Wall Street Just enforcing loyalty in the Trump ranks. Yes. Yeah. And Punch Bowl, obviously. And They're very concerned.


Yeah. And I don't wanna see any leaking or disloyalty against Donald Trump. Those are MAGA publications. Lemme tell you, This is too funny. It's, it's too unbelievable. But it's so, it's So you so predictable. I know. But, but I do think you're, and one of the reasons I'm so grateful that you flew all the way from your real job to come see us is that I think it's important to know whether you're gonna fight for the movement that you've been in since 2016 and are really identified with, I mean, you got to Congress, you were so for Trump and his ideas that your own party tried to expel you from the Congress.


Exactly. Literally, they hated Trump. Oh, they hate, they still hate him. I serve with so many people that hate his guts. Hate him, hate him. That's amazing. Yeah. And I have argued with them so many times. I, I am like, I love him. I love the man. I, I don't care about his flaws. Whatever. I love him. Yeah. I love his fight. Yes. I love his passion. I love the fact that you cannot beat him. He will beat anybody. Yeah. And he will not give up. And I, that's what I love about President Trump. I Know it. Yeah. But I serve with people that hate him. And Right now they're having to do the dance. They have to play the game. They, they have to say the words and they're all pretending.


They're literally pretending. And they can't wait to them. Right now, president Trump is a speed bump. They just have to get past that speed bump because, and they then they'll, it's only a few years away. They just have to play the game long enough and do the deed and not get a true social put out on them. Right. Or have him, you know, primary them or primary or, you know, endorse an opponent against them. They have to do that. And then after that, it's gonna be back to business as usual, because you wouldn't believe it. Like the bills that we're putting together, the lobbyists that are coming in, tucking in what they want. Big donors. Oh My goodness. The donors that came on board in this last election, new donors, totally different donors than we've ever had before.


Hmm. These big, like, like the AI tech bros, cryptos come around. There's a whole circle of donors that have all come around. And I, those aren't the only ones. And then you always have the military industrial complex. Yeah. All of them have come around and they're demanding their little things. And they, and that's what they have all tried to Tucker into the one big beautiful bill. So it's, it's gonna, it's business as usual in Washington. It's always been that way to some extent. Of course. Always what I find different from what I thought it was anyway, is this, is this obsessive love of violence that, like Tom Cotton, you know, you could have dinner with him and disagree on anything, but if you raise a voice against bombing people, like Tom Cotton is upset.


Like he wants to be able to kill people, period. Yeah. I know a lot of my colleagues wanna kill people. What Is that? I I, it's, I think it's a darkness. It's, we're a country. Think about, think about our culture. Ever since I was a little kid, we had movies that we saw, movies where Russia's the bad guy and our, the hero in the story defeats the bad Russian. Or there's a war movie where we defeat Russia or China, or it's whoever the bad guy is. Yes. And then the, the movies where we had war movies of defeating Afghanistan, Iraq, Iran, all these movies. And we've grown up with Hollywood telling us who the foreign bad guys are.


Yes. And making these people are complete enemies and never humanizing them. And so, yes. And there's just this obsession with war and killing and murder. Yes. And that is, that is sick. It's sick that America is cheering that we, that we bombed another country now. Okay, let's look at that. Yes. Iran is that they sponsor terrorism. They have killed our military, but our military never belonged over in the Middle East in the first place. Of course, I'll argue that all day long. But however, when, when people that hold power in Washington DC like I do, but everyone I work with is just over the top excited that we may be going to war to kill people.


They, they never, they never think about the innocent people or they don't care about the innocent people. It makes 'em feel powerful.


What do you think of when you think of June Pride month? Of course. Just kidding. Pride is a sin. Actually getting rid of pride is the goal. In fact, June is the month of the sacred heart of Jesus. And our friends at the Hallow app are celebrating accordingly. They're dedicating the entire month to praising the son of God. And you're invited to join them. Enjoy a deep dive into God's love with daily prayer experiences, including the great Jonathan Rumi, who plays Jesus himself on the chosen, recently joined the show, had a wonderful dinner with him, which we're still talking about in my house. During these meditations, you reflect on the faith's most transformative stories and get to the point which is to build your relationship with God. It's hard to imagine a better way to spend your time. Again, we love it in our house. It is a never ending type of conversation. So join us and millions of others experiencing the love, grace, and mercy and peace that only Jesus can bring you. If you don't believe it, try it. Get three months free Right now at hallow.com/ Tucker.


You know that one friend who somehow knows everything about money. Yeah. Now imagine they live in your phone. Say, Hey, to experience your big financial friend, it's the app that helps you check your FICO score. Find ways to save and basically feel like a financial genius. And guess what? It's totally free. So go on, download the Experian app. Trust me. Having a BFF like this is a total game changer.


Welcome to, it takes energy presented by energy transfer where we talk all things oil and natural gas, oil and gas driver economy. Ensure our country's security and open pathways to brighter futures. What do you know about oil and natural gas? You likely associate them with running your car or heating your home. But these two natural resources fuel so much more than that. More than 6,000 consumer products that we rely on every day are maybe using oil and gas before you even step out the door in the morning. You've already used more products made possible because of oil and gas than you realize from the toothpaste you brush your teeth with the soap you washed your face with and the sheets you slept on. Not to mention your makeup. Contact lenses, clothes and shoes, oil and gas are vital parts of all these products and so many more. Look around and you'll see the essential role oil and gas plays in our lives. Our world needs oil and gas and people rely on us to deliver it to learn more. Visit energy transfer.com.


I have noticed there's a connection between the, the internal weakness in a person and enthusiasm for killing. So I've always wondered like, why is it the people with the weirdest, most unhappy personal lives? Hmm. And I don't, I, you know, I'm really trying not to be mean. So I'm gonna like not use names, but boy, I know a lot of 'em just living there my whole life. They're the most enthusiastic about exerting force on other people, including like children and villagers and stuff. It's like really dark, but it makes them feel powerful. Like, you almost never see a strong man get excited about killing. No. You see Strong men who kill, but they always have mixed feelings about it. I had to do it, you know, but Yeah.


Or we were ordered to do it. Ordered To Do it. I met just this morning with one of my counties. They came up to, to visit me. And so we had this great breakfast and, and met with everybody there. And, and two different groups that were in the big group were veterans groups. And they were literally telling me this morning about how many veterans they're working with that live with the horrors in their mind. That's right. Of what they did. Kicking in doors, going into some family's home, searching for enemies and terrorists and you know, some of them killed the father of the family in front of their children. These are the horrors that our brothers, cousins, uncles, fathers friends live with for the rest of their life.


And they cannot function, they cannot have a normal life. Their, their marriages fall apart. They turn to drugs and alcoholism. They can't keep a job and they, this is what it has done to them. So, Tucker, I totally agree with you. I don't know what is wrong with America that anybody cheers that on I I the two issues that people are completely unreasonable about, literally unreasonable reason doesn't enter into it. It's just such strong emotion that it'll end friendships or start friendships. All of a sudden you have Bill Crystal praising the Trump administration are war and abortion. Yeah. And it's the power that people feel when they kill is the, i I think it's the most alluring power there is.


More powerful than sex. More powerful than money. Being able to take a life makes you feel like God. And for a lot of people, like Lindsey Graham, it compensates for a hollowness inside a lack of a successful life. No family, right. Et cetera, whatever. I don't wanna be Freud here, but it's, it's the weakest people who are the most excited to take a life. Have you? I I just can't Get past it. I think, I think that's, I think that's accurate. Yes. I think I would say that's accurate. I would just also say how, what is wrong with our culture? How did we get to this place? I agree. Because honestly, okay, it doesn't matter what country it is in the world, those people are responsible for their government.


If they wanna tear it down, they will tear it down. I mean, that's a historical fact. Any group of people, if they hate their government enough, they will tear it down. So if Iran wants, if those people wanna tear it down their government, God bless 'em, let 'em do it. But it's not our job to do it now. Israel wants it to be our job. Of course they want regime change. Yep. And they are. That is their goal. And that's why we're seeing propaganda back on the news that now Iran is months away from having a nuclear weapon rebuilding their program and having a nuclear weapon. Because we have to go right back to it. They've been saying that since the 1990s. So they have to say it again over and over and over again. But that's what they want.


And they want America to be drug into it. I gotta tell you, it was the coolest thing this past week when I took a really hard stance And I said, I'm totally against this. This is literally what we campaigned on not doing. And here we're doing the thing we said we wouldn't do. Like why, why are we doing the thing we said we wouldn't do? Oh, Shut up Margie. Just go along with it. That, That's what I was told. Oh, I bet. Yeah, I Bet you were Literally shut up, Marjorie. I get that a lot. But no, here, this is what our, this was so crazy to me. We're doing the thing that we said we wouldn't do. And when I spoke out against it, it was ma it was like just what you described, two sides raging.


Raging on the issue. Yes. The one side that was like, yes, we are, we will defend Israel, we will defend them no matter what against anyone. We'll send our children to die for them. We will, we will. We'll take all the nuclear bombs upon ourself before we let anything happen to Israel. So we had that whole side and war, war, war. What is that? I don't know. I don't know. And then we had the whole other side, which was all these people that came outta the woodwork from all, all over the place. Democrats, liberals, progressives, Republicans, maga, America, first flooding in and and it was an all range of things is, you know, the MAGA America first people was like, I agree with MTG.


She's Right. And then you've got the people on the left are going, oh my God, what is happening to me? This is the end of the world. I'm agreeing with MTG, like they're doing mental gymnastics that, 'cause they're agreeing with me. And it was hilarious. But they're flooding my office with phone calls, agreeing with me. And I'm sitting here going, Hey, hey Republicans, remember we said we weren't going to do this? Imagine how much support we could have if we stuck with it. Like if we actually stuck with what we said. It actually meant it. Because now there's a lot of people that feel betrayed that we didn't stick with that. I know. And and that's not what President Trump wants. Absolutely.


That's not what he wants. You know, he's, and And I have to, I have to give him all the praise and credit. He bombed him and then he pulled out, thank God. And I loved it when he dropped the F bomb talking to the press and he was telling, he was like, both of 'em have gone crazy. I was so that was, I was like, inject this in my veins Right now. Yeah. This is exactly what I want to hear. But it was the two major reactions that that blew my mind. Absolutely blew my mind. I'm Not entirely surprised. I've seen that. It is a kind of weird feeling to be praised by people you disagree with on everything or think you disagree with them. Like I, who knows, I don't know everything.


It's kind of up for grabs. I'm against killing people. Yeah. Who innocence? I'm just opposed, I'm totally opposed to abortion. I think euthanasia is one of the worst thing, most evil things I can think of. Me too. I agree. And I think wars of choice are really evil. That's my view. Yep. But what's interesting, And I, I feel that instinctively, but I also feel it, I feel like theologically That's correct. I guess like what do I know? But I feel it. But you represent a district in Georgia that's very heavily Protestant, Christian, I'm Protestant, Christian like you are two. Yep. And there is a feeling among a lot of Protestant Christians non main line, what we call evangelicals, I guess is the term they use.


Yep. That we have a moral obligation to support the secular government of Israel. That God tells us that we have to fight these wars for the secular government of Israel, not for the ancient nation of Israel or the Jewish people. No secular, secular government, but for the secular government secular That, that, that supports abortion and, and supports L-G-B-T-Q and trans and Sue. I Two questions. One, what kind of reaction have you gotten from those voters? Many of whom are like some of the best people I know, I just wanna say that. Oh, they're great, they're great and they're all your fans. But what kind of reaction have you gotten from them? And second, what, where does that come from? That belief?


I think I, I'm sure some of 'em are mad at me Right now. I'm, I I can totally expect that and understand it and I'm sure we'll work it out. That's, that's something I do know. I don't know where, I don't know where it comes from. I think to me, what I've witnessed just, you know, from my opinion, it is embedded in our education system. We are taught all these things. We're of course taught about the holocaust, taught about the nation of Israel. It's, it's embedded in our education, but it's also embedded in church. It's embedded in church. And, and they take that verse back in, I guess it's Genesis, Genesis 12. Genesis 12. Bless those who bless you. And, And I will curse those who curse you.


Yeah. There's in the, I checked the other day 'cause I had this interesting conversation with Ted Cruz who said his theology was based on that verse. He had no idea where in the Bible it was and couldn't describe what really what it meant. But that's his theology. Try not to be disrespectful though. I have no respect for it. I just wanna say. But anyway, I looked at the, in my Bible, I checked two different translations. There's no word Israel in there. I don't know. Quite know. I don't know enough to know what he's really talking about, but Right. But that's very common for kids in Sunday school to be taught. It's used in Sunday school and it's used in Bible studies. And it's related to the end times I've done, I've done those Bible study groups. It is very much tied into revelations. And they walk all the way through.


They tie it in with the covenant, they tie it in all the way. And look, I'm not gonna pretend I'm a Bible scholar. I'm not going to pretend that I know everything. As a matter of fact, I'll sit way back in the back. I know who I am. I know I'm a sinner And I'm not gonna try to tell every anybody what they should believe. But I've read my Bible. I grew up Catholic and then I didn't like the pedophile priest issue. Didn't wanna raise my children in that. So I left the church and I'm just a Christian, just a simple Christian. And I've read my Bible and the one thing I know is it says a lot of other things in there. It says, do not murder. That's pretty important. It sure does.


Yeah. Someone hits you in the face, turn the other cheek. If someone takes your cloak, you know, give 'em the rest of your clothes. Yes. I mean it's like, look, that's from Jesus. So Christians care, above all what Jesus says, I think I do.


If you're A young person working for a big company, you know on some level you're working for the man. You are working for a system that doesn't like you and doesn't help you at all. But you gotta do it. But there is a way to subtly stage a minor revolution in your mouth that's by using this product's not owned by some horrible company that hates you and is trying to wreck your life. It's owned by us and we made this alp 'cause it's the single best nicotine pouch in the world. So we have something that you might be interested in, you can get involved in. It's the ALP affiliate program. We share alp, we get paid. It's that simple. When you sign up, you can eat 10% off discount code. You can give your friends, they save, you earn, everyone wins. And in the end everyone gets alp. So fight back in a subtle way that your bosses may not even notice Alp get paid to tell the truth about the best nicotine pouch out there for the Alp Pouch dot com and start earning today.


How have we gotten to the point where you have sincere Christians who I think I probably agree with on everything on Mo Certainly most things who people I love would be delighted to have dinner with. I mean, no disrespect at all to them, but how do we get to a point where good people like that are making the case that Jesus wants more bombing? I don't what is that? Well also look at Jesus himself, who was, he was, he was persecuted in his lifetime by the leaders of, of Israel, the, the leaders at the temple. He was, he was persecuted by his own people's leaders. And that that's something to recognize.


And all of the prophets throughout the Old Testament, who were they persecuted and killed by the leaders of their day? It was, it's it's throughout the entire Bible. So it's, it's not uncommon that this would be happening. And here's what, here's what I find interesting. I don't think, well America, if you've read Revelations is not in Revelations. Yeah. And nobody wants to talk about that. And we need to say, why is America not in Revelations? And I think we could come up with all kinds of theories, but I know for a fact it's not in there. 'cause I've read that part too. Yeah. I I don't think John was aware in his cave on Patmos of the United States of America.


Well, and, and, and when he was given that entire vision and, and shown all of that, he wasn't shown America. So there's a clear reason, and we don't know why, but I think back to this story is Americans have been taught that they have to do whatever Israel says, and it's the secular government of Israel. The secular government should not be telling Christians in America what they should and shouldn't do with their tax dollars, with their military and, and with who their allegiance should go to. Boy, I got a lecture on Christian theology the other day from David Friedman, the former Trump ambassador to Israel. And I was like, not against David Friedman seemed smart, but like, seemed a little much to be giving me a lecture with Christian theology.


I mean, Well, and also this, here's something else we have to recognize with people that are like mad at, at me or mad at you about saying these things. We need to rec they need to think about this too as like, hey, we all live in this house. It's called the United States of America. This is our house. And if we are giving our full allegiance to another foreign country who doesn't pay our taxes, will not pay off our debt, did not come and defend our southern border when it was invaded for four years straight. When it, when its Prime Minister Netanyahu was the first to congratulate Joe Biden being president of the United States. He was the first foreign leader. I I don't understand A country that has longstanding military ties to China.


Yeah. There's that Which runs the Port of Haifa. I don't, I I mean I'm not attack. Look Israel's doing what it thinks it needs to do. I just wanna say for the 50th time, I'm not especially mad at Israel, Not mad at Israel. I'm mad at our leaders who don't seem to care about the United States. I That's it. And that's the problem. And that's where we are. We have this house. It's our house, the United States of America. And our elected leaders are not fully focused on our house and our problem with our children and their future. And that's why we are opening the door wide open to foreigners that have moved to the United States of America and profess insane socialist and communist views.


And they are going to get elected. There's another one running against Nancy Pelosi AOCs, former campaign manager and and chief of staff. And he sounds just like that mayor in New York. And he is, he is a democrat primary Nancy Pelosi. So this whole thing is going to go, the left is going to go in a whole nother direction because Republicans who professed America first are not solving the problems for our House. Exactly. Right. And Republicans refuse to talk about economics like actual economics, not bullshit economics, GDP and tax cuts, but actually like, it's too expensive for my kids to buy a house. What are you doing about that? Right. And the answer is absolutely nothing.


Nothing other than yelling. You're a socialist. I'm not insecure about being a socialist. I don't really care what people call me. But that is a much bigger problem than anything Iran is cooking up in its centrifuges. Yeah. As far as I'm concerned. Certainly a bigger problem for everyone. I know my kids can't buy a house, therefore they can't get married and have kids. Right. So think about this last week our kids were just thinking about, I can't afford to buy a house. Where am I gonna get a good job? All my friends can't find a good job. A lot of young women that are conservative are like, where am I gonna find a good man? A lot of conservative young men are like, where can I find a decent young woman to marry? Because many of 'em are insane.


Have turned left or so far left. Yeah. So last week, 37 sexual partners, which, sorry, people are starting into it, you know, who's into that? It admits Not I, so there's all the but but think about it. Last week they were thinking about all their other problems that they already have, but they weren't thinking about, do I have to worry about a terrorist attack happening? Oh, that's right here in the United States. Yeah. Fast forward to this week. Now it's like, Oh My gosh, not only is life unaffordable and all these unknowns and all these problems I have and my credit card debt is, and my credit cards are maxed out And I can't go on vacation And I wanna go with my friends And I wanna go to this concert, but I can't afford it. But now they have to think about, oh, if I do go to that concert, there could be a terrorist attack because we bombed Iran.


It's like a whole nother, a whole nother set of problems. Yeah. And so of course when this guy that's running for mayor of New York City, iconic New York City is talking to New Yorkers And he says on the debate stage when he's asked, what foreign country do you wanna go visit? And the rest of them are saying, Israel. And he says, I don't want to go, I just wanna stay here in New York. Of course they're going to listen to him. Yeah. I listen to him And I I don't want do Mayor of New York at all. I I think it's so important that someone responsible and reasonable and American runs New York. But I guess in general, I just resent, I resent importing foreign conflicts into our country.


Ancient race, hatreds, religious, ethnic hatreds. What, what does that have to do with us? And I feel like we've definitely wholesale imported that. I get texts all the time from, you know, some people I like, but you know, Pakistani, Indian, Bangladeshi telling me about some fight in US or Canada between different Muslim or Hindu groups. And I'm not against any of 'em. I like 'em all. I'm not sure. But what does that have to do with North America? Nothing. So why did we, other countries don't put up with that. You try that in the UAE. Yeah. You're some, this happened, you're some Pakistani worker building office buildings in the Gulf and you like have a march through downtown Abu Dhabi saying, I'm, you know, I'm mad at India.


They're like, you're out on the first flight. Right. Back to Lahore Burning their flag. Yeah. Nothing Personal. Yeah. If they're out, if you're out there burning their Indian flag, I'd love to see what happens to you. Yeah. Well they, I mean the attitude of the Emirati government is that has nothing to do. Don't bring that shit here. Right. Even if we're on your side, I mean, you know what I mean. Right. Right. Yes. 100%. Yeah. But, okay, so in Congress we have, I think it's 32 members of Congress are foreign born, not born in the United States. Really? 32. I serve with them. 32. Well, I was surprised to learn that Ted Cruz is not American.


He's like a secret Canadian. He's from Canada, not Texas. Oh Yeah. So Canada, does it border Texas? I don't think so. Not on the map. I saw, okay, So what is it? I've been, I'm, it feels weird even to ask you, 'cause I've spent so many decades studiously ignoring this issue. I don't want to engage. I think it's weird. It's always bothered me, but I don't wanna talk about it. 'cause I don't wanna fight about it. But it's been pushed. You can't ignore it. And you brought it up. What, why are almost every single, every single Republican I'm aware of other than you, and maybe Massey is like in this weird kind of Israel worship mode all the time.


And many Democrats, by the way, Pelosi chief among them. When, when, what is that? So when a candidate, when some a candidate steps forward and they're running for Congress, they get approached by all kinds of groups, all the special issue groups, everything from pro-life groups to pro-gun groups, to Christian groups. And Yep. There's a group called AIPAC and they come too. And so everybody, they'll have a form, a survey form for you to fill out. Each group has a survey form because they wanna know where you are on the issues. Which I think is a good thing. I think Second Amendment groups need to know. Yeah. Hey, are you gonna take away my gun rights? I, I think that's the right thing to be asking candidates, pro-life groups, are you gonna go to Washington and vote to kill babies?


Like we wanna know who you are. I think that's great. Well there's a group called AIPAC and they come and they wanna know what your position on Israel and they want you to write a paper and they wanna know, they wanna fill you out on your position on Israel. And then if you get elected to Congress, if you win your race, everyone's freshman year, AIPAC will take Republicans and Democrats, new members on a special trip to Israel. Do They pay for it? I don't know. I don't know. Because they didn't take me. They didn't take me. Were you The only one in your class who didn't go? I think I'm the only one in my class that did not get invited. I didn't even get invited.


It wasn't that I turned it down. I didn't even get invited. And I'm not anti-Semitic. I have, again, I wish Israel the best. I wish 'em all the best. I wish everybody the best, but they didn't take me on the trip. I do Too. Yeah. I mean, but they didn't take me on the trip. So I don't know if it's they pay for it. But I should find that out because I think that's important. But here's the situation And I, it's, it can't be ignored And I have no problem talking about it. I think any special interest group, if they are representing another country, a foreign country, they have to register that way. Un under the Foreign Agent Registration Act. Farah, we Have a law. Yes.


They should register under that law. And I think, and they, Americans are members of AIPAC, they're members, they donate to it. Sure. But if you're still an American and you were representing this, the interest of any foreign country, you still have to register. Well Paul Manafort's an American, he's from Connecticut. He's from like Meridan, Connecticut or something. Weathersfield Connecticut. He's from Connecticut. And he was convicted as an American for not registering as a foreign agent, as a foreign lobbyist. So I mean, the argument that it's Americans doing the lobbying, that's the point. Right. Americans who are lobbying on behalf of foreign country have to register.


Absolutely doesn't. They can't lobby. It's just, it's fair to have them register. Yes. So, So why isn't AIPAC register? Why aren't they registered under Farrah? I don't understand that. I think everybody's too afraid to push that issue. Why? I Tucker, I have no idea. Because that is, I think it's because it's such a strong group that will come against you. They will come against you. They will fund a primary against you. I'll probably get a primary funded against me for even saying this on this show. But you know what? I don't care. I think you were getting one anyway Pro. Sure. I'm probably getting one. And that's fine. And my district can vote for whoever they want to represent them.


They can. It's just Funny. It's like you and Massy are the only member and the, the whole class Republicans, the majority of the House of Representatives, majority of 435. Yeah. Both sides. Well, 535 with the Senate. And I still think you ama are the only ones who've ever said anything like this. Prob Oh, I'm sure. I'm sure we're the only ones, we're not the only ones that think it, but we're the only ones that say it. So that's my next Question. But it's not anti-Semitic to say it. Well Obviously that's silly. I'm not gonna, 'cause if I had a group coming to me and and saying, we really wanna make sure that you're voting to fund $3.3 billion, you know, every single year to whatever.


Switzerland. Switzerland. Exactly. That would be the same thing. I love Switzerland And I, I have ancestors who came from Switzerland and I go a lot. It's just an amazing country. I couldn't support it more. I wish Switzerland well as I wish Israel well. But if there were, maybe there is a Swiss lobby, I would, and it probably is. I'm sure there is, There's every kinda lobby. Right. I'm not, they don't need the help, I guess. But I wouldn't, neither is Israel really. But I would expect them to register under the law. Of Course. And they, they wouldn probably Have And I would be anti Swiss bigot. No. For saying otherwise. No. So I guess I don't really wanna play along, but I'm wondering, this is all so very obvious and so rational and so, so relevant Right now.


Does anybody ever mention this in the Congress? I mean, you've been there for a while. No, they have their blind faith and loyalty. Blind faith and loyalty. And they're scared to say it. What about the guy who showed up in a foreign military uniform? Zelensky. Well, there's that. Yeah. They worship by, by the way, I just wanna be clear. It's, it's not just Israel that they worship. They also worship zelensky. Oh, they worship him. Oh My goodness. They worship him. That's A clear balance. But you should see the propaganda. I could go for days on that one. I, you know, I went hard against that war. That war started and, and it wasn't a month after that war started. And we had Ukrainian soldiers in their uniforms, injured Ukrainian soldiers on crutches.


Like Tight fitting uniforms. Yeah. Because a lot of this is Limping through the halls of Congress, going and visiting our offices begging for help. We need help. Hitler is going to come and take our country and steamroll across Europe. Vladimir Putin. But that's what they, that was the thing. Yeah. But, so we get, you would, the propaganda that comes through the halls of Congress is incredible. It's incredible. But are you, do you ever sit in the, you know, in the house and ever have someone say, we're voting on our 22nd Israel resolution. Like it's a, this is a lot. Actually. I did. Finally. But Does anybody ever say again, like, no, we have a country too.


Three 50 million people live here. No. No one ever says that. No. We, So Nancy Mace is like, she's just excited to vote for another Yes. Yes. Yes. So it's not just everyone talks about AIPAC. I've already said I think they should, of course, they should register under fair. It's a foreign lobby. It's common sense. Not attacking 'em. It's not even saying anything bad about 'em. They just should be register. Yeah. It's insulting. Of course. Yeah. And they can continue to that. Everyone's afraid to say that you shouldn't be afraid. No, but it's not just, there's something like, what is this? This, I think is the weirdest thing. Brian Mast, who shows up in an IDF uniform in the Congress. I don't know Brian Mast. I'm sure he is a delightful person. But like, are you allowed to show up in a foreign military uniform in the Congress?


I don't think it's, I I don't, it's like waving a foreign flag on the floor, I Don't think. But they're All over the place. But he served in the, he served over there in the IDF. Yeah. How can you, how can an American serve in a foreign military and keep a citizenship? I have no idea. It's the same thing as how can foreign born people serve and be members of Congress? I, I don't understand how that happened. But serving in a foreign military, that's pretty serious. Yes. Giving your, you swear in oath and you swear your allegiance to fight and die for that country. You're saying, I'm willing to die for this country. But then you can serve in our countries Congress. I mean, I, but how can you remain a citizen if I go and serve in the Russian Army?


I assume, oh yeah. I have no plans to, I'm Not Russian. Right. No, I don't want to. But if I did, I think people would say fairly like, how can you be an American? Said, don't you forfeit your citizenship by doing that? People would Say, yeah, they definitely would come. Well, I mean, I, of course I'd go to jail for it, but, And I, Well, the New York Post mocked me and called me Moscow Marjorie, and, and put it on their front page because I didn't wanna vote to fund Ukraine. So clearly. Moscow Marjorie. Yeah. Moscow, Marjorie. Yeah. Funny. The New York po any Murdoch publication is just agnostic. Agnostic on most things, but really pro-war. Oh, they love war. Yeah. Well, they love it.


It, it helps their ratings. It keeps all the baby boomers glued to the television. Yeah. 24 hours a day because they're terrified that bombs are going to fall on America. Something terrible is gonna happen. You have to keep up with it. Funniest thing to me, Tucker, was how come, okay, look, our country funded that war in Ukraine, funded it, and our in our military leaders ran that war. They have been all about that war. We fund, we fund their government. We fund their retirement. We have funded their small businesses. We ha the American people tragically have kept Ukraine afloat. But how come we couldn't watch that war on television? And I say that sarcastically because I think it's ridiculous.


We could watch the, the Israel and Iran launching bombs at each other and exploding in their cities and people's reactions and the nonstop commentary and counting missiles and how many missiles they shot down. But we never saw that with Ukraine and Russia. And I wanna know why, why didn't we see that? Well, now we don't see it. I asked a bunch of members of Congress, including the Speaker of the House, disgraceful person, in my opinion, Mike Johnson. But they don't. So you funded this war with billions of R dollars. We're bankrupt. But you're paying for this war because you love the Ukrainians so much. How many Ukrainians have died? Mm, no clue. Not interested. They're not interested. Really?


You are funding the war because you love the Ukrainians, but you're not even keeping track of how many of its young men have died, or now middle-aged men have died. How many fathers? How many brother died? Yeah. How many People would down syndrome? Many. How many Ukrainians with Down syndrome were pulled off the street and sent to go die in a war that you were paying for? They don't care. No. That's when I thought, you know, I'm kind of, I'm kind of out. Oh, totally out on that. But it is a, it's an interesting comparison. Why can't you watch one on TV and you can't watch the other one on tv? And I don't know the answer to that. You should be Able to watch whatever you want on tv. Right. Of a page, supposedly to pull up pornography on your iPhone. You probably should be able to watch a war that you're paying for. Right. But isn't that, isn't that just like, why is that?


Why do Americans have to be shown that Israel is about to be annihilated? And what are the consequences of that to America? If Israel is annihilate, no, wait, let's say it like this nuclear armed Israel. Why do we have to be shown on TV 24 hours a day? Nuclear armed Israel being bombed and attacked. And why do we have to be, why do we have to be fed that when we're not fed that about any other war anywhere else? You're Being manipulated. That's why. Yes. While all the flags, the foreign flags in the Congress. I was just up there last week, and every member has a foreign flag. Not every member, but a lot of them, the Republicans all have Israeli flags, which I personally think is a beautiful flag.


I'm not opposed to the flag. No, but when I was a kid, if you would, I mean, I went to Congress when I was a kid. There are no foreign flags. It's the am It's the United States capital. It's the capital of our country. It's the capital of the United States of America. What do you have one, A foreign flag. Well, my job title is representative. Right. I don't wear foreign flags. I wear the American flag. So, but you're one of the only ones who doesn't wear foreign flag. Not many don't wear foreign flags. Yes, that's correct. Or no, they'll wear a pen that will have the American flag in the Israel flag together. And there were, there's also pens that have the American flag in the Ukraine flag together.


And then Are they the same country? No. Okay. Contrary to what some people may believe. Yeah. Okay. So is does anyone ever talk about this? No. It is widely accepted. It's an, it's an everyday part of people's attire. And then Democrats will wear many foreign flags. I mean, they've gone through, they've gone through Gaza, they've gone through Mexico. They've got Iran, Mexico. Yeah. Well, Mexico. Yeah. Really? Yeah. Boy, I think Mexico hates this much more than Iran does.


You know what? I grew up next to Mexico. They don't like, I like a lot of Mexicans personally. I, I gotta tell you, I was in Mexico last weekend and it was great. Oh, no. Well, Mexicans are great people, in my opinion. Mexicans are great People. I could not agree more. I could not agree More. And the, the area I was in was gorgeous. No, I'm saying the Mexican government. Oh, The Mexican government. Yeah. Enough of that. Yeah. But no, the people there, Oh My goodness. Wonderful people. I agree. They're bilingual. Their English is perfect. And it's not because they were in the United States. It's because they learn English and Spanish in their schools as they're growing up. Sure. The customer service was the best customer service I have had in decades. And I, customer service is one of the things I'm really picky about.


'cause I grew up in a construction company, and my dad's number one rule was, customer is king. And So you treat the customer as they are the king. And that, that is how we will survive. That's how we will make money, is we treat our customers better than anybody. And so it's a, it's a little thing. I pay attention to What's a big thing. And I was blown away. I was like, this is, everybody's saying hello to me every single day. They're asking me if I need anything. I mean, like, everybody I walk by and I'm going, wait, this isn't what I was told about Mexico. No, I, I mean, there are hundreds of thousands of Americans living in Mexico. Mexico Oh yeah. They love it. Oh, of course they can. But I don't, they can't afford to live in the United States. But we don't have that kind of customer service in the United States. No, We Definitely don't.


And we don't have that kind of mentality in our government. No, I know. I've noticed. We have a, yes. So we have, everyone I work with is, is going from dinner or cocktail hour to some lobbying group, to some special interest group, to they're invited to speak. So they feel honored to speak at these groups. And it's every single night, or a lunch or a breakfast in Washington DC and they're going and doing all these things. And then they're wearing their lapel pens or their pocket, their little pocket handkerchiefs or, or whatever it may be, representing foreign countries or tying them to the United States as if you could tie a foreign government to the, to our government.


That's ridiculous. And it's widely accepted, and it's common practice. And no one ever questions it. So now you are questioning it without hate, I think. No. And you said like five times, you're not mad at Israel. You're mad at American leaders who refuse to put their own country first, which I think is fair. Right. But I mean, you're gonna get crushed for saying this Probably. What do you think's gonna happen? Well, I think, I don't know, but I'm sure they're going to try to find a primary against me. Yeah. That won't say the things that I say. Yes. And they're going to try to say that I'm betraying Trump when I'm not at all.


I have spent millions of my own dollars campaigning for that man all over the country. Like freely just going, were You just with him the other day? Yes. I saw you with him somewhere at The White House. Yeah. Like, I, you cannot make me not love. I love him. Yes. I think he's great. And I support him. And I think he did a great job. I, I think it was incredible that our military was so well trained, the strikes that they made. And then President Trump said enough, and he backed out of it. No other president would've done that. And the Congress is upset that he backed out. And Mark Levin's head is going to explode. Well, Actually, his show, I have the quote, And I hate to beat up on Mark Levin.


He's got enough problems, obviously. But, so the moment the ceasefire happened, he said this, I hate this word ceasefire. I really do. So how could, I mean, that's, so I do think it, you know, your worldview, what you're like as a person, what you love, what you hate, like that is important. And if you hate the word ceasefire, I hate the word, like dead children or killing, killing, but ceasefire, that's the word you hate, haven't you? I mean that. Wow. That's right. A heavy thing to say. Yeah. So Mark Levin, that is attacking you every hour on his ex account, I don't care. And attacking me and calling me names.


And, and Fox News is tolerating that, by the way. Of course. We, which is I think atrocious and pathetic, any other company, by the way, any other company would never allow their employees to go on their own personal social media and like verbally berate and attack and call names to people. That's a fireable offense in the real world. And private, in the private sector. No company allows their employees to do that. Fox News is allowing Mark Levin. Well, you Can't fire Mark Levin. He's got such a huge audio. Oh, wait, no. Nobody, nobody voluntarily watches Mark Levin. Of course. I, I don't know anybody that watches Mark Levin. No, I'm sure someone watches it, but, you know, he's the great one, apparently.


Yeah. But no, seriously though, it's, it's the fact that he hates the word ceasefire is an attack on the President. That's a real attack on the President. Not the words that I'm saying. Not anything that I've said. Not when I said we shouldn't be doing this. That wasn't an attack on the President. That's going exactly with what President Trump campaigned on. Now, what Mark Levi is saying, that he hates the word ceasefire. That is his attack on President Trump. That's him putting the ultimate disapproval hate on what President Trump has done. And that we are all so thankful and happy for peace is the ultimate thing that we should pursue at all times.


Peace at all times. Because it's good for every, every country and every single people. But Mark Levin hates it. Well, Peace is also the purest expression of strength. And I'm not, I'm not, and I'm not, you know, resurrecting the horst quote of all peace through strength from Reagan, which, you know, there's truth in that. But peace is a byproduct of strength. When you have a strong father in the home and you've got strong parents, the kids get along. You got some, you know, flaky, Xanax, head running the house. Yeah. The kids are outta control. There's chaos. There's fighting. That's right. Like strength brings peace. Yeah. Dad's home. Knock that shit off. We love that. Yeah. But it's, But that's just a, it's true.


That's a Yes principle that never changes. Right. And so it's just funny that there are people, I just can't get past it. I, I think it's important to say it because like, you want your country to be good. You want its leaders to be good. You don't always have to agree with them. But if their main goal is to kill people, if they, if they don't have any problem, like, watching Randy fine, who's a member of Congress, I guess, from Florida, barely Elected. Barely got elected, by the way, in a very red District. In a very red district. Very red district. But Randy, fine. Someone sent him, this is when I got off social media. I'm not, I'm not looking at it anymore. 'cause it's disgusting. But somebody sent him a picture of like a literally of a dead child.


And he's like, that's great. Oh My goodness. That's the most horrible thing ever. But how could someone like that serve in the Congress? I have no idea. They, they shouldn't be in Congress. Well, God, Is he worshiping, Be Talking about God? Not my God. Not your God. Well, God wants that. Nope. I, nobody, no God. Well, there is no God, but God and our God does not want anyone to celebrate a dead child. So you, I mean, if I'm, if I'm whatever that guy's name is, Mike Johnson running, you know, the Republican on the speaker of the house, I'm calling Randy fine and being, Hey, son. No, you're not allowed to celebrate dead children on your Twitter. Like you're a member of the Republican Party in the Congress. Like, you can't do that.


Yeah. No. Did That happen? I, I, I don't know. Did Anyone, anyone did any other, I'm sorry to be mean or so personal. I tried to interview Randy. Fine. He canceled on me. But it would've been Interesting. That's a shame. He would, I think his District, I mean, but like, what do They he should answer to his district for that. Well, I Agree. I have to answer my district for everything I do and say, But did other Republicans say, wow, this guy is one of us. He's part of the conference or whatever they call it. Conference. Conference Conference. Yeah. He's a republican, a fellow Republican in the house, and he's celebrating dead children. Did anybody say like, that's not, I didn't hear anybody say that. If Someone put a swastika on their Twitter feed. Oh My goodness. Well, And they should. I'm, I'm opposed just Yep.


For the record. Yeah. I'm opposed to the Swastika. Wait, let me say for the record, I'm opposed to the swastika. Of course. But if you put a symbol of like hate and violence and killing children on your Twitter feed, Unacceptable. The people who Run your party would, would say something about it. Right? Oh, Well, I got, I got kicked out of, I got totally removed from all committees for things that I had put on social media or shared before I ever became a member of Congress. But you weren't espousing violence, were you? No, I was not espousing any type of violence. I just, well, I saw that And I was like, I don't have any choice but to vote Republican, I guess. I don't know who else I would vote for.


Maybe I just won't vote. But I'm not gonna vote for a party that is for killing children. No. 100%. That's not what, like, how could I Do that? No, you shouldn't. I don't think anyone should. Huh? Did anyone talk about that in the hallways? Like, Randy, fine. No, I hadn't heard about it. Freaking nutcase. You're the only person I've heard talk about it. Really? Yes. Honestly, Nancy Mace didn't notice that her fellow Republican, Randy Fine. Was putting, I love killing babies. I, I don't think so. What About all the pro-lifers? Supposed pro-lifers? I believe in babies. I believe the pro-life groups would be pretty upset about that. The Real ones do. But how many followers does anybody even know he posted it? I don't know. I mean, some, but nine people sent it to me like, what I never heard of.


Apparently people are paying attention. Randy. Fine. Yeah. And every time there's a bombing bombs away, like Bombs away. That's horrible. Or signing ordinance before it goes and kills people Celebrating murder, especially of the most innocent, I'm, I'm pretty sure that that's in the Bible too. Then there's very dark things for those people. Yeah. I mean, you can be an atheist and oppose that. It's just, it's so obviously repulsive. And I just think Republicans, I mean, you're an elected Republican. I'm just a bystander who has voted Republican pretty consistently for 40 years. I think, I think it's bad for the, I hate to use the word brand, but like, I think it's terrible for the brand.


Yeah. But that's what the election was all about. No more foreign wars. No more regime change. No, the, the, the 13 soldiers that were killed in the Afghanistan withdrawal that devastated the country. I mean, I think that was like the nail in the coffin. I think so. It Was, and we're still devastated over it. And those poor families and all the, and there's, you know, and the ones that don't get talk about that, no one talks about the soldiers that were horribly injured. Oh, I know. We, we talk about the 13, but there were so many horribly injured that are living with that today. That was the nail in the coffin. And to return back to it, where our party is cheerleading it and, and apparently sharing the dead bodies of children and celebrating that, and celebrating dropping bombs, it's a, it's like I'm not attacking President Trump because I believe he did what he thinks is right and how he's handled it is exactly what I want from him.


Yeah. He is done it better than anybody. But the, the the party itself and all of the talking heads, whether it's on the internet and on television, how they reacted was repulsive to me, because they shouldn't have been like, yeah, we're going after 'em. It should have been like, Hey, remember what happened to these 13 soldiers and their families and these other soldiers? Well, There should at least be some solemnity. It's a big thing to kill people. It's a big thing to drop a bomb. I mean, maybe you think you need to do it. I, I'm, I'm not always right. I'm off and wrong, so maybe I'm wrong. Well, and its, but Even if I'm, even if I'm wrong, you still shouldn't be gleeful when you drop a bomb on people.


What kind of freak are you anyway? No, I think that's horrible. It it, no, no one should celebrate that. Now, if here's, here's what we can say is if the mission was successful and they really destroyed the nuclear program, then we can be really proud of our military. That is incredible. And we can be proud of the, the men and women that carried out that successful mission. And we can be thankful for our president, for keeping our country safe if, you know, we can go along and say all these things are true. But at the same time, when President Trump, I mean, and he went in hard and said, it's time for a ceasefire. It's time for peace.


But yet we have Mark Levin over there pissed off on his radio show, and he's saying, I hate the word ceasefire. Like that is, that is disgusting. It is disgusting. And that's not who we are. That is not our movement. That is not America first. That is not maga. As a matter of fact, he took off the costume temporarily because he couldn't take it anymore. It was stifling. It was hot. He was Sweaty. You know, you can see the whole thing. He was getting moist under the skin suit. Yeah. Very Much. And he ripped it off, and he admitted who he was again. Yeah. I hate the word ceasefire. And so I think it exposed so many people. It's so perfect.


Yeah. It's really sick. It's really sick. Too visual. I know. It's too visual. It's just better to like, have a normal personal life where you don't have to externalize all your weird fetishes onto the US military. You know what I mean? Yeah. Sorry. Here I go again. Just once again, I noticed the connection between unhappy people and killing. I mean, there are many examples through history. Well-balanced people, wise people, people with a sense of the future grandchildren. People like that. Don't, don't behave like Mark. No, no. And regular people don't behave that way. As a matter of fact.


Regular people don't. They're, they're, so, again, back to being like, okay, we have all these problems. I, my business, I want to grow my business, but I don't have any money to invest in it. You know, people that are saying, I, gosh, I really need to make more money. I can barely pay my mortgage. I can barely pay my bills. My wife's car is broken down. I can't afford to buy a new one. I mean, these are real problems. This is the stuff that Fox News should be talking about. And Mark Levin should be talking about. And CNN should be talking about and elected leaders, most of all should. We should only be talking about that. I know. That's because my job title is representative in the United States House of Representatives.


That's, that's our job title. Somebody said to me the other day, I don't know if you, I mean, you are an elected representative, So you have a much better sense of polling and where the public is. But someone said to me yesterday, the reason this push is coming now, when there was no, I mean, I don't know. There's no actual evidence that they were days away, but whatever. I'm glad. I don't want them to have a bomb. So No, we don't want them to have a bomb. But why now? So Steve Witkoff wonderful man, was on his way to Oman on Sunday, last Sunday. And on Friday the bombing started, Israel started bombing. They didn't ask, they just announced that they were doing it, and they did it and derailed the, the talks of course.


But why the urgency? And someone said to me the other day, it has to do with the polling on this question. Mm. And the only people who support this kind of lunacy are in Mark Levi's demographic. Age demographic. Like it's older people, young People, our parents generation, the baby boomers. I hate to say that everyone beats up on the boomers, but it's well deserved if we're being honest. Yeah. Really selfish, selfish generation in general. But do you sense that like anyone under 40 is for the stuff? Oh My gosh. No. No. Baby boomers get their, primarily get their news from television. Yes. The ba the Republican Baby Boomers watch Fox News. The Republican, I mean the Democrat baby boomers, they watch CNN Yes.


Or M-S-N-B-C or whatever. That's where they get their news. And that's where they receive all the propaganda fed into their head Yes. About what they should think, what they should believe, who they should support, how they should vote, when they should protest, what, who they need to be mad at. It's, it's all there on television, television for them. But, so I'm 51 years old. I'm, I'm Generation X. Right? So then there's, after that, there's the millennials, and then there's Gen Z. That's our kids. Everybody from my age down is like enough of this crap. Everybody my age down is sick of it. They're fed up, but they don't get their, they don't watch tv.


They don't have the TV on the living room 24 hours a day and fall asleep to it while they're going Sick. So you don't know any 28 year olds who are like, yeah, Ron's nuclear program is the biggest threat we face, and we need to affect regime change if necessary. Absolutely not. Abs no. 28 year olds are pissed. And they're lost. Yeah. And they're defeated. And they're, they're, they don't know who to turn to to fix these problems. Yeah. And they're facing problems we never faced. And so, no, the 20 year olds, 28 year olds are like, oh, great. You know, now I've gotta worry about this too. Like, what does that mean? Am I gonna be drafted? You know, like, what does that mean? They, they're, they're, they don't wanna have anything to do with it.


No, It's totally true. It's, it's insane. And so think about it like this Tucker, in the next 10 years, or maybe a, a little bit longer, the baby, our parents' generation is going to pass away. And by the time that entire generation is, has moved on. And, and the bulk of it sadly has passed. 'cause that's my mom and was my dad. And when they're gone and that mentality and those, you know, decisions made in Washington based on all of this NeoCon and fighting for foreign countries and fighting the foreign causes and sending the foreign aid and all of this foreign garbage, once they're gone, we are gonna be decimated and desolate because we will have never poured back into our own country.


Yes. And then we're gonna have our generation of kids who at that time are gonna be like in their thirties, and it's gonna be really hard for them. Oh, I totally Agree. And so that generation will be gone and, and Mark Levin won't get to effect, put his opinion on anybody. No. And it won't matter anymore. And I don't even know if people will watch TV anymore. Who knows. No, of course not. No. They're gonna be sick of it. I mean, I think they're already sick of it. People are checking out. We're gonna get radical politics Ex, but I think it's gonna be before 10 years. Oh, I, when I was a kid, I, I went with my dad to Venezuela, to Caracas, and it was probably late seventies. Great town. Great city. It was a, you know, biggest oil reserves in the world.


It was rich country, beautiful. Super nice people, beautiful women. You know, it was just great Crocs, Venezuela. It was great. The economy of Venezuela was always pretty centralized. Basically came down to like a very small number of families, controlled everything, which is fine, unless you marry that to democracy, you give everyone a vote. So you can only have an economy that's pyramid shaped. Right. If you don't give everyone the vote. But the second you give everyone the vote, you better share the wealth or just shut it down and make it an oligarchy. But you can't have those two together. So they had those two together, and then they elected a Marxist who, you know, and all those rich people who were there when I was in Caracas are now living in South Florida.


And of course, you know, paying politicians to hate Maduro or whatever. But the, but the point is, it's not even about Chavez or Maduro. It's like they were the products of a society that couldn't sustain a middle class. Right. And that's gonna happen to us. It's already happening. It's already happening. I wrote A whole book about this that nobody read in a number of years ago. 'cause it was so obvious that it was coming to so obvious to me. This is what you're gonna get. You're gonna get, it's gonna be about economics too. Do you, do you feel that? Oh, for sure. It's always about money. I know. And that's, I mean, that it, it's, it's, it should be our responsibility to make an, to create an environment, to create a system, to create an economy where everybody can get rich.


Yeah. Where people can actually make a lot of money. Yeah. Because when you make a lot of money, guess what? You are happy. I know they tell you that money doesn't buy happiness, but guess what? Money definitely buys a lot of happiness. It doesn't make you perfect. It doesn't, doesn't solve who you are on the inside. But it solves a lot of problems. Yeah. And we have created a system, we've created an economy where we are creating a lot of unhappiness because people are going broke. It's true. And there is no, in Washington DC everyone is drawn by whatever group they're speaking to, whatever lobbyist, interest, all these things that are pulling them away from, from what we really should be doing.


And we're not fixing the problems. That's Totally right. And I think it's gonna, So you asked me in the beginning, which direction will it will go. And so there's two things I have to talk about directions on. One of them is with our country, it's really going to be up to the American people if they're willing to get in there and really make a difference and fight for our country to not be taken over by these insane people that are gonna all of a sudden start running for office everywhere. They are gonna, it. They, that is a decision that people have to make. And I'm watching it in my own home state of Georgia. I'm watching it Right now.


We are coming up on the, the next election cycle. It is going 2026. We have our governors, Lieutenant governor, secretary of State is all the entire slate. Our entire state. All positions are on the ballot and a Senate seat. And I am not seeing the willingness in the state of Georgia to rise to the occasion upon among Republicans, voters and donors. Especially among donors. Because they don't see the threat that's coming for them. They, they have been living in Georgia where everything has been, you know, we, we have a great state. Everything's wonderful. Life is great there. Republicans have been in control.


It. Have they done everything perfect? No, but my goodness, they've done a lot. Right? So no, everybody's kicking back. You know, it's like they don't worry about it. Why would they worry about it? But they are not aware that we are so purple. Oh My goodness. Georgia is on the brink of being stolen. And it's like this Tucker di Democrats stole California years ago. I Know, I noticed. Yeah. It's a communist state. They have seriously taken New York to the point of something terrifying. And we saw that election yesterday. Think about those states. Okay. California, yes. Ports in California, powerful ports. That's trade, that's everything. New York, super powerful ports.


That's where the airports, that's where people come in from all over the world to California, New York. The state of Georgia is very similar and the Democrats know it, but the Republicans are not paying attention to how important Georgia is. Georgia is the economic hub of the South. We have the busiest airport in the world in Atlanta. We have the third largest port in the country, the third largest port in Savannah. We have I 75, I 85. We have so much trade and commerce in our barely red state that two senators hold seats in, by the way. And the people of, they are not rising to the occasion. They are not serious about defeating Democrats in this next election.


It feels like they are on autopilot and they are snoozing. But when the Democrats take the state of Georgia, they will. It, it's, it, it's impactful and it's impactful on our economy. And it's a power structure that's terrifying when you put it the dynamic of California and New York. And if they take Georgia. So I, I think the cycle is you let the middle class wither. You make it impossible for people to own anything. And then all of a sudden you have like an entire army shock troops of disenfranchised unhappy people who are your voters. Yes. Yeah. That are desperate. Exactly. And who will they turn to?


The most radical person. That's right. Yeah. No, there's no doubt about it. Do you think the White House understands this? I hope they understand it. So What's gonna happen is you're gonna see some seriously radical people elected in 2026 next fall, a year from November. And the story will be, well, they're just pissed at Trump. It is anti-Trump. You know, of course, I'm sure they don't like Trump, but that's not what it is. No. It's the state of the economy For sure. And it's the fact that Larry Fink has all the money. It's, it's the fact. Yeah. It's the, it's the fact that our nation's leaders have been America last Yeah.


For a very long time. So what are you gonna do? Are you gonna run for your seat again? I don't, I, yeah. I'm gonna run for my seat again. I don't know. I have options. Yeah, I know you do. I do have options. But I look at my home state And I go, you know what? I love my, I love Georgia more than any place on the planet. Yeah. And I would fight for them to the death, but if they're not willing to fight to, then why would I throw myself out? I just noticed, I referred to it before, and I've lived it by the way, I ran away from the city I lived in. And everyone I know my age, I'm 56, you know, who can afford it? It's like I'm moving to my summer house or whatever. Sure. It's like I'm outta here. Yeah. You know what I mean? Right.


I How about southeast Idaho? You know, why should live in Driggs? No, for real though. People are just like, I don't wanna deal with that. I'm leaving. Hmm. And that is understandable. I mean, again, I did it so I'm not judging, but it's also kind of ign It's not, it's it's not impressive to do that. Like impressive people say, no, no, no, no. I, my parents are from here. I'm staying like I'm not leaving. Right. But at the same time, you can't do it by yourself. No, I know. And that's that you need people And you, it does feel like people who are vested in the system just don't wanna fight. Do they? I, I feel like Republicans in general don't see the fight ahead.


They, they, they are completely blinded. The Republican party is a whole, is completely blinded to what is happening Right now. The whole, the whole conversation in Washington is Democrats in disarray. Oh, they're so lost. They don't, they're they're fighting for the illegals, the criminal cartels. Is that really what they're saying? Yes. They're, they're saying Democrats in disarray, Like inside In our meetings. In our meetings. Yeah. Wow. Democrats are in disarray. All they're, they're gonna lose. We're going to win the midterms. You know? Yeah. They're really saying that. Yes. Kind of congratulating themselves. Yeah. Like as if it's like, we just won the election in November, so it's a still same, that same kind of vibe, because Democrat democrats are so lost Right now.


They don't even know who they are. You know, it's, it's that nonstop conversation because they're seeing them go out and, and fight ice. And they're seeing them do these no king protests, and they're seeing them wave foreign countries flags and things like that. And they're saying Democrats are in disarray when I don't see it that way. No, I agree with you completely. And, and the Republicans cannot win elections if they don't understand what the enemy is doing and how they're rebuilding and the direction that they're going in. And they're harnessing rage, real rage. I don't think it's aimed necessarily at Trump, but there's real rage about the decay in the country. Yes. And abandoning young people.


That's The whole reason everyone voted for President Trump. I know. It's why won young people. Absolutely. And that's why, another reason why I love him, his message and campaign promises are the greatest. But if Republicans don't deliver them, once you burn people, people are too burned. They've been burned too many times by the government. They've been burned too many times by politicians. They don't trust anybody anymore. And I don't blame 'em. I, I'm like, I feel the same way. Maybe We should just move oil prices up to a hundred bucks a barrel. 'cause we're having another war in the Middle East like that, that the reckless, like if you brought that up, I said that I was roundly attacked for saying that I was attacked for that. I Was like, well, that's not a real concern.


Tanking your economy. I, everybody, I guess it's not if you're Mark Levin, but I think most people are concerned about that. Well, I guess Mark Levin lives in on some other level. I, I don't live on, but I think cheap gas is like the most awesome thing. It's like everybody I know, I agree. Drives by the gas station is like, Oh My gosh, did you see? It's down to 2 64 and everybody's celebrating and hoping it keeps going down. So To just kind of casually risk spiking the global oil price like that. Because, I don't know, I just, I, the recklessness of it, I'm sorry, I shouldn't say this, but I was, I was enraged by that. Yeah, Of course. And then also oil. It goes into so many products. It's not just the price of gas.


It's, it's in, it's, it's literally in everything. It's in our clo It's in everything. Yeah. Oil is in everything. Where Do you think your Patagonia fleece comes from? I don't have one. No. What I'm just saying like plastic, you know, polyethylene comes natural Gas. Yes, exactly. 100%. No, it's all from hydrocarbons, of course. Yes, of course. Yeah. No, I've, I mean, yeah, no, I could go on and on. I'm interested in the topic, but I, what I'm even more interested in Right now is the kind of casual risk taking that I'm seeing that I, I really disapprove of. I don't if you led your family like that, you, you should be in jail For sure. And I think President Trump, president Trump understood the moment.


And he, he himself had to fight back against everybody. He, when he said, it's time for peace and it's time for a ceasefire, he had to fight back these people that were still like, yeah, let's go. Which is ridiculous. It's absolutely absurd. But they're celebrating this movement. And the movement is really to destroy the movement that President Trump created. Of course. And the movement that everybody voted For. You think Tom Cotton's rooting for maga? No. Probably not. Well, we know Ted Cruz is not. No, of course not. And I don't know, I mean, there is a kind of honor in just saying what you think and just being straightforward about your agenda.


I guess what I'm bothered by including agendas I hate and or disagree with. But I, I'm really offended by the fakeness. No, it's Maga or it's America first to put another country first. No, it's not. It's not just say I, you know, I like America. It's not, you know, I served in a foreign military. It's not, I have a foreign flag on my door. So it's obviously not my first priority, but I like it. Yeah. Yeah. Why not just be straightforward? Why lie to me? I, well actually, to be honest with you, I don't think they are lying Tucker. They do say that they love whatever country's flag they have. They do say it. And they do give their allegiance to them. Yeah. Actually, they're not lying.


One last question. When you're, how many, 'cause you, you've been there a while. You're a social person. I think people like you personally, I know they do. 'cause I've heard that. How many other Republican members of Congress sort of understand the things that you've been saying? I couldn't give you an exact number. I think, I think there's a small percentage of 'em that agree with me. But they don't wanna say it. They won't say it out loud. It's too risky. Or they perceive it to be too risky because they don't wanna be called anti-Semitic. That's the label. It's, it's like it, once you get called that label, you get all these nasty articles written about you.


Yeah. You get all these, you know, the RJC comes after you and then, then you've got donors coming to you and saying, you can't be antisemitic when here's the honest truth. It's not antisemitic to say we shouldn't be fighting a war that Israel started. And it's not antisemitic to say we shouldn't be doing what Netanyahu is telling us to do when he's in the tank in Poles in his own country. And honestly, that man should have stepped down after October 7th. That was the most horrific, horrible thing that happened to all these innocent people in Israel. And it happened on his watch. And, and that's, that's the reality. And I'm quite sure there's many people in Israel that feel that way and, and are up upset.


I think he's At like 30%. Exactly. And it's also, He's way more popular in the Congress than he is in Israel. Way more, oh, Way more popular. And it's not antisemitic to say that there was a vote on Thursday, last Thursday that he barely won by two votes. And had he have lost that vote, there would've been an election called. And according to the polls, he would've lost. And then the next day on Friday, they attacked, they launched the attack on Iran. And what does war do? Pulls everybody together. And so that's not antisemitic to talk about. That's, that's reality.


And it's not antisemitic to say, Americans hard earned tax dollars in a nation where we're $37 trillion in debt shouldn't be going to Israel or shouldn't be going to any country that we should be keeping those at home. We should keep that money at home. You know, there's, there's, there's towns in my district that could use some money coming down there to fix a water treatment plant or to help pave a road. That's where our tax dollars should be going to, should be helping people that were affected by hurricanes should be helping people. Like, Oh My goodness, in Lana, from a, from a fire, all kinds California, for heaven's sake, we should be helping our own Americans. This is not antisemitic. And I refuse to have that label put on me.


And they've tried to do it to me before. And everybody that knows me, knows me, knows that is not true about me. And the reality is, it's a lie. And it's lie that also identity we need To get over. It's also pol it's also identity politics, which I thought we'd given up. I Thought so too. I, I was so annoyed by the Democrats. They could never talk about Americans. It was always this group or that group. You know, Malaysian Americans, lesbian Filipino Americans or whatever. I'm not against any of 'em for the record, but like, how about just Americans? And I mean, I remember hearing everybody on Fox giving that lecture. We hated entity politics. And then all of a sudden they're just engaged in it. Like there's nothing un it's an inherently divisive message, isn't it?


Like, how about passing a bill on behalf of every American citizen no matter what he or she looks like? That's The only thing we should be doing. 'cause our job title is representative. It's so dark. I can't, I can't even handle it. I can't even handle it. Do you think that, and this is my last question. You've been so generous with your time, and by the way, from the day you started running and they decided, whoever, some of your opponents have really good instincts, and they knew that you were gonna say what you thought and that's the thing that they hated about you. But they, they would always say, 'cause you have a southern accent. She's stupid. And I would just dare any honest person to listen to the hour and a half we just did.


Maybe they hate everything you said. No one thinks you're stupid. That's not, that's, that was really smart analysis. Much smarter analysis than I got from Harvard Law School graduate Ted Cruz. I would say. Did you go to Harvard Law School? No, definitely not. You didn't? Okay. Well, anyway, I think it's, I just think it's a really smart analysis, what you said. It's true. Thank You. Do you feel like any of this will change? The attitudes will change that the people claiming to put America first actually will. I think there's a shift happening, And I saw it a little bit. I don't know how big it is, but I saw a small shift And I saw it mostly in regular people.


And, And I think there are people I serve with that are feeling it too. But I don't know how willing they are to just say enough, you know, enough of this. I'm, I'm just gonna, I'm just gonna focus on our country and my district, because that's the simplest thing to say. Most simplest thing to say. I hope I can say I hope so. And but I I don't think it's gonna happen as quickly as I'd like to see it. Yeah. Well, 2026, when they get just creamed, you know, election morning, they're like, oh, democratic party is so disorganized. They don't, they're still talking about trans stuff. I hated the trans stuff more than I've hated almost anything.


I mean, I really hate it. Hurt, destroyed so many lives of kids. But what it's really about is economics. And they have just refused to acknowledge that That's what it comes down to. Totally Right. Yep. Because what happened under four years of Biden inflation was crazy. Yep. Everything was out of control. The world, the, our whole country felt unstable. The economy was fake. It was propped up by money pumped into it by the government and all the spending. And look at the shift that happened. People couldn't take the crazy one. Private equity owns the houses on your street and your veterinarian and your dental practice and owns everything. And they don't improve it. They make it shittier actually.


Yeah. Because no one's going to care about their sweet little, like I always love the mom and pop grocery stores. Yeah. And I hate that they've been replaced by Dollar General. Well, of course, like one of my biggest pet peeves. But you're not allowed to, There's No to mention or else you're a socialist. Ben Shapiro was like, oh, you're a socialist. Because I don't like Dollar General. Really? Who's Ben Shapiro? I have no idea. But I tried to bring this up to him years ago that the economic thing, I'm hardly an economist, but I just think being able to afford to live in the country that you were born in and being, you know, having an economy that allows your children to have children, that just seems like that's the measure. Yep.


And you wanna know something that should be the one thing that unifies the entire, everybody It's all I care about. I'll Tell you that. I don't care. I'm getting to the point where I almost don't care about the two parties anymore. Oh yeah. I've, I've just like, I'm like, why would I be loyal to one? And I definitely disagree with the other one. But if we can find a place to actually, like you're talking about, care about the economy, and care about our children's ability to have a future and raise a family, then I don't care. I don't care who I have to work with it. It's just getting to the point where that is so fundamentally important and nothing else should matter. I couldn't agree more. Marjorie Taylor Greene, thank you for spending all this time and, and good luck.


'cause you will definitely, you'll definitely I'm gonna need it. You're You're gonna make the Daily Beast mad. I'm just telling you that Right now. Oh, you are, you are. They may not even endorse you. Darn it. I don't read 'em, so I don't care. Thank you. Thank you. We wanna thank you for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day. We know the people who run it. Good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bell So you never miss an episode. We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter. Telling the truth. Always, you'll not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell. We appreciate it. Thanks for watching.