
America, it's time for a redecoration of independence. We're amid a hostile takeover. th globalists and their political henchmen are seeking control of you and America. A group of Patriots inspired by Tucker Carlson's, famous call to bravery have written a redecoration of independence demanding That. Our representatives. Go to Washington and begin dismantling th Washington political empire. Go to redecoration.org. That's redecoration.org. Read, sign and forward. We Declare your independence.


Today We're proud of TCN to announce th rollout of a new six part documentary series called All th President's Men by our friend, documentary filmmaker Sean Stone. It is an in-depth look at what happened to th Trump administration, th first Trump administration, 2016 to 2020. And while th rest of us were watching unknowing th deep state, particularly th intel agencies in th law enforcement agencies, under th indirect command of Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama set out to systematically destroy th lives of people who had supported Donald Trump. This series explains how They did It with th interviews with th people to whom They did It and presents It. In a way, That will shock you, and That will challenge your understanding of American democracy. Only on TCN It debuts October 21st six episodes every Monday. Go to Tucker Carlson dot com. We highly recommend


Welcome to Tucker Carlson Show We bring you stories. That have not been showcased anywhere else, and they're not censored, of course, because we're not gatekeepers. We are honest. Brokers here to tell you what We think you need to know and do It. Honestly. Check out all of our content at Tucker Carlson dot com. Here's th episode, So. Where, like, where are We So? We're three I. Think three weeks out today. What's th state of th race? Well, people say it's gonna be close for sure. I don't agree with That. I. Think It. You be one. One of them. You win easily and I. Think today that's more likely to be Trump. All th variables That you would look at to say, who's gonna win Point towards Trump with four big exceptions.


That, I. Think I know is what th Democrats are relying on So, barring these four things coming together, I think Trump will win. And I think he might win easily, but she You still win. Number one is abortion. Yep. just don't know how big a voter will be. Now, I say to people, why wouldn't That be showing up in th polls? Now, why would That be a secret? but th reality is, there's a, there's a, a, a, an emotion to That issue. As you know, politics is about emotion more than anything else. There's an emotion. That issue. That may be bigger than is currently measured. Number two is So So. but to be clear, that's not showing up in th public polls right Now. Well, I mean by definition, it's not showing up in th in th two places you'd look for. One is in th horse race.


She's not way ahead in th horse race. And number two, when We ask people, what's th most important issue to you? Abortion is well behind th economy, inflation, immigration. but, but we've seen it's electoral power. And We know That. Donald Trump thinks it's a big issue because he's struggled to, to neutralize It. He's not doing That for fun. He's doing That because he sees th same data. That, there's a power to this issue. That may be beyond th current measurements. That's number one. Number two is simply is th gender gap. just th th th th th reality That women vote more than men and can They may It connects to abortion, but it's not just about abortion. 'cause women don't like Donald. A lot of women don't like Donald Trump.


That may just power a a a victory. Three is her, her ground game, right? th th mechanical process. Her campaign is run a chair. th chair of her campaign is someone who grew up as a field person. I, don't think that's ever happened in a ma major presidential campaign before. And, they have way more money. And president tr Trump has gone out of his way to demonize early voting. He's trying to change It now. but th mechanics of That, if It is in fact close, people say, There, You be worth three points, three points. You well be significantly bigger. Yeah. And then lastly is, is th notion, That, he has a ceiling That. If It, if th third party vote is very low, and it's much more likely to be low, like It was in 20 than high, like It was in 16 from th Libertarians and th greens and, and Cornell West, then It may be That.


He can't get above 47% That this simply what you call It Trump fatigue, or January 6th, whatever you want to call It, puts off limits to him. Some number of voters, That That, she may, in a two, effectively a two person race in th seven states may be able to get to 48, 49. And he can't. Those four things are what give Democrats hope. That They can win. but in my reporting over th last week, Republicans are not, are not measuring th drapes and picking th cabinet, but pretty close to It. Not at th level. They, were at th convention when th when Joe Biden was still their opponent. but there's extreme confidence. That, they're gonna take th house. Take th Senate, take th White House.


Democrats are somewhere between worried and freaking out. And her conduct and her capabilities as a candidate are not reassuring them. If They were honest about It, They would say, as some of them have started to say, how You We have dumped Joe Biden for someone who has a few advantages over him, but has many of th same problems. And by th way, some additional problems of their own and I think they're recognizing That. When you choose a candidate like That, you're taking a bit of a risk. And th risk may not just, may not pay off for them. So, on, on what basis are They evaluating th race? Like what polls are both sides? People you listen to th smart people with predictive success over time.


Like, what are They looking at? Well, they're looking at th reality. That th race may be back as some, some people told me immediately after she became th nominee. We may be looking at a situation where she's back to where th party's back to where They were when Biden was th nominee before th debate. Okay, before th debate, he had won electoral college path, which was to win th three great Lake States in th Nebraska Congressional district. And that's It. No one's ever won when They had one electoral college path. It's, you know, margin of error, but not impossible. but They were have to be all in on That, because Biden was not gonna win. th four Sunbelt Battlegrounds, she's edged back closer to That, okay? She, she may be able to win them, or, or one or two of them, but it's possible That, those are gonna be as off limits to her eventually as They were to, to Biden.


And she's weaker in th great Lake states than he is So. if you look at what, what if you look at th private data and where things stand, these races are close. And if it's, if it's within two points, if Trump has consistently has a two point lead, or a three point lead or four point lead, does That mean he has to win th state? It doesn't. but it's th consistency. That has, That has come in th last couple weeks in both parties, data where she has come down and he has come up a little bit, That, make them worried. That, she simply hasn't done enough to win her problem is I say, th p problem of, of policy. People just sus th th undecided voters just don't understand what she's about. And she has not done They.


Some of them find It insulting how little she's explained what she's about. And We really don't know. I've known her a long time. I've covered her a long time. I've studied her positions and, and her public policy engagement, I don't really know what she stands for. I don't really know what she Do as president. I don't really know what she believes in or why she's running. And you contrast this with Trump, where even his enemies can tell you right away what he stands for, what he would do in a second term, at least, th big picture and his promise personality. And he's done almost as little to address That issue as she's done to address hers. And That means, I'm, I'm amazed people have said, for So long, no one th So. Many people in th electorate don't want Trump or Biden They want a third choice.


You don't really hear That now as nearly as much. but, but it's, it's, it's almost as true, not as true, because she satisfies a lot of Democrats who are not satisfied with Biden. But a lot of Democrats, and certainly a lot of independents and centrist and moderates, They, don't like either of these choices. And That, that's part of what Democrats are looking at. 'cause I think in th end, as much as she's not satisfied, people's desire for knowledge about her They won't vote for Trump. They just simply don't want four more years of Trump. And she's turned to That message in th last 24 hours th way Biden did. Now, I don't know if she'll stick with It, but she's now emphasizing this notion of We can't go back to somebody this unstable and this and this un unattractive in terms of personality Changing your personality is hard.


Well, it's probably impossible in any attempt to do It comes off as false So. There's of course, a cost and a risk, but coming up with a platform is not hard. You just sit in a room with your pollsters, Yeah and your policy guys, and like, pick three topics and stake out positions to contrast with your opponents. And like, why, why haven't They done That Yeah? A lot of th questions about things she's doing and not doing are mysteries. Even to a lot of Democrats, even some people close to her, you've named one. but why is she doing one event a day? Some days, most days? Why isn't she flying to three battleground states in a day? When, when people ask me why I think she, she, she's more likely to lose than not her, her great weakness is she is indecisive.


She doesn't like to make hard decisions. And coming up with policy choices is difficult. if you think of everyone who's been elected president since, since HW Bush, So Clinton onward, they've all put at th center of their campaigns, a set of policy proposals and, and kind of an ethos of th things That. Start with this sentence. What my party's gotten wrong is X, right? They've, they've, they've, they've So, they've seized on some things. That They really believe their party's at a step with th country. And wrong on th substance So. Bill Clinton 92 supported th death penalty, right? To work NAFTA and welfare reform.


And he would say, my party's wrong on these things. Yeah, right? Yeah all I. It's obvious for th th rest of what They did. Not only has she not said That, I'm not sure she believes That. I'm not sure That, she thinks th party's out of step with th country on anything. And when you see, you know, government funded operation operations for illegal immigrants who want, who want to change their sexual identity, no, no way would Bill Clinton or Barack Obama, or Hillary Clinton or John Kerry. No way would They have said, can I can for That? What is she? 'cause there's not strong public support for That. No, No, just th opposite. So, So, I, So We say, why can't she come up with a platform?


Any position she takes is going to be criticized if she moves to th center by th left. And if she, and, and even on th left, even if she takes something further to th left, as she has some of th things, she's come up with new government spending programs and tax programs. They're still subject to be criticized, and she doesn't like to be criticized. She'd rather try not to take positions now, th other day. But can m just ask, even within th Democratic party, which I routinely dismiss as crazy and evil and poisonous, and all That, but paying for sex changes for legal aliens, That can't be a hugely popular issue, even within th party. It, It isn't, but It. but It is a popular position for th loudest angriest, most influential part of th party.


but If you Do th as to Soldier, That actually works. It It So. if your goal is to get elected course I mean I'm m just Yeah, of course, can, of course, this is a moral evaluation of this course, right? course. but you just denounce th unpopular wackos in your party. It's not hard Yeah, right? Well, it's, it's hard for her because she's indecisive. Interesting. She doesn't like That. That is That is I. Think what explains It, you know, her big sister soldier moment was to say, I, wanna I, want to cut? I wanna raise th capital gains tax rate less than Joe Biden. That was her big sister, Soman. She also, you know, you look at her career, she's not really been a font of policy ideas.


No. And That, you know, she's stolen a lot of Trump's ideas, which, you know, th Trump people don't like. but I guess it's smart. If th other side's got a smart idea, and you can claim It do, but in terms of original ideas, it's just not been her thing. And can I think Parly is she doesn't like to go onto terrain where people might shoot at her from th left or th right, or both. And she is in a complex position just because of th th nature of how she got to where she is now. th fact, That, there's a sitting president sort of in th shadows behind her. What is her relationship like with Biden? Well, it's gotten a little bit afraid of late because I don't think he I.


Think he I. There are people who say he doesn't want her to win I. Think he does want her to win. There are people who say he only wants her to win without disrespecting him. Even, those he has said privately to her. And th teams have said to each other, she needs to Do what she needs to do to win I mean I. You know, I saw his mental decline in, in 2017. Yeah I did, too. You know, I saw him do a public event for a book in 2017, and I said after th event, thank goodness he's off th public stage. Thank goodness this didn't happen earlier. And So, th th th Those of us who knew him before Yeah and speaking for myself, I always liked him in a very shallow way. Yeah. but, you know, he's a Fun to be around.


Totally. And sort of large personality. Yeah, touchy Irish guy, Yeah I. Like people like That, Yeah. but those of us who knew him, It was immediately obvious. That. He had some sort of cognitive decline. I mean, It was just obvious. So, I. Think th things he's done of late That That th press cast as hurting her. m just think he's doing. 'cause he's, you know, he's not, he's not super sharp. He's kind of out of It, Yeah and th staff is as They have when he was still th nominee to being deferential to him. but There is a, a can just recently in th last 10 days, or So, There have been a number of things. Like he went out in th briefing room right when she was starting her event. No one's really explained how That happened.


It's hard to coordinate right? Between th West Wing, Wilmington and th vice President's office. Like those are three entities. Busy people doing other things besides coordinating So. I think they've dropped some stitches. I think they're determined to stop dropping stitches th rest of th way, So, you don't think it's passive aggression On th I? Don't think It is There Are many people I respect, who think It is I? Don't think It is I. Think it's just, it's hard. And he's not up to doing hard things. And she's Even those, she's not campaigning very much. She's still on th road, and it's just m just think they're dropping stitches. I really don't think there's a passive aggressive, or, or even a, a mixed feeling about It I think he wants her to win.


I mean, th toughest question for her That, I have seen is how will you be different from, from Joe Biden Yeah? Why can't, why haven't They thought through a better answer? Can, it's hard to get a straight answer about That I. Think It, there's three things at play. Number one, she doesn't wanna appear disloyal. And, and That is something he does care about. As I said, he wants her to win, but he wants her to win his way. He doesn't want her to win at his expense. Okay? That That is an ambivalence, but not, not, not th fundamental question of does he want her to win So? Number one, he doesn't, she doesn't want to disrespect him. Number two, taking different positions from him involves risk. There, You be There, You be a backlash, right?


And she doesn't, as I've said, she, that's her main problem. She doesn't like to take risks. And then finally, there's a, there's a, there's just just a basic performative question with her. That's not her only bad answer, right? That's th one That. People have focused on th most, but she's just not good at delivering sound bites or complicated messages. In a way, That That That is helpful to her. You know, she does these interviews where nothing bad happens. And, they give high fives, That, nothing bad happened, or only a few bad things happen. None of these interviews has she come out of It or people said, wow. Now I get It. Now I get why this person should be my president. And that's can just testament to she's just not That good at this thing called answering questions.


That are hard or easy. What do th donors who put her There think of all of this Yeah, So, I'd say impressionistically. 'cause I haven't talked to them all, but impressionistically, about 80% of them are just We. Gotta look for th elections coming up. Trump must lose We have to Do Every night We can to help 20% say how You We possibly have replaced. You know, We all said, th only Democrat who You lose to Joe Bi to Donald Trump was Joe Biden. How You We have possibly played a role in replacing him with apparently th only other person who You lose to Donald Trump. Now, Joe Biden and I and Kamala Harris would say these other Democrats would've be struggling as much or maybe more than she would Even.


those They wouldn't have been as burdened with th Biden Harris record So. What they're saying is, this is th best We You do. This is better than Biden. th pollsters are saying. And th public polls are saying, she can still win It. Let's put our heads down and win. but There will be a lot of soul searching about how They possibly You have placed her in this role without, without th benefits of, of actually beating Donald Trump. How did That, I I think you were th one of th very, maybe th first person to report That. This was coming. That Biden was gonna step aside. How'd you know That? By th way, I predicted It, but just predicted you reported It Yeah, Yeah So. How did you know That and how did, how did That happen?


Yeah I reported It against my instincts because I did not believe Joe Biden would give th nomination up, first of all, as embarrassing. And, you know, as staying on his legacy as much as They built It up as great for his legacy, but also he believed That, she would become th nominee in all likelihood and That, she You not beat Donald Trump and That if somehow she didn't become th nominee. He didn't think Gavin Newsom or Gretchen Whitmore or any of these other people, You, beat Trump and I think two years Ago. but So Biden didn't think Kamala Harris Can win no. Or be a good president as I understand It So, he was really Yeah. He's he from th day from th transition forward, he told Ron Klain and everyone else she needs to meet with foreign leaders all th time.


And she did I mean she's had an unprecedented, you know, kind of tutorial in That. She needs to be, you know, supported. And all That We all know what happened. She, she, she did not run a good operation. There was leaking, and, and her approval ratings were ridiculously low. He, he, part of It was his own, you know, pride in himself. but Yeah, but, but th people around him to a person would, would not have told you That. She You be Donald Trump So. And my point is, I reported on It thinking he's not gonna step down. And, and I had lots of people who We know you and I both know very smart, who said, you're, you're wrong. He's gonna have to step down. Particularly Republicans said th party can't be That irrational.


They can't be say, we're gonna continue along with a guy who is who 70% of th Democrats say shouldn't be th nominee. but he didn't have to give It up. So th I broke. I can't obviously say exactly how I broke, but, but It started with a tip about th vetting of vice presidential prospects by her. And one of th stories, That hasn't been written yet. I'll tease It out here, and hopefully someday somebody will give me a big enough book contract. I can write. It is she started maneuvering for th nomination well before th Sunday morning when he called her and said he was not gonna run. And part of That was vetting of potential running mates, which her team knew That couldn't wait. That had to get underway.


That's something That, you know, normally takes months. So I got a tip. That That was happening.


So, every year when Apple releases th overpriced new iPhone, th big carriers play th same old game. Sign up now. Next two years, some big cellular contract. Get a free iPhone. Well, what do you give up in return? A lot. Don't fall for It this time. Choose Pure Talk with Pure Talk. You get great savings on th new iPhone 16, and you still get an affordable data plan. That fits your needs on America's most Dependable 5G network. Stop falling into th same trap and paying for unlimited data. That, you're probably not going to use Pay for what you use with Pure Talk for just 25 bucks a month, you get unlimited talk tax and five gigs of data. That's more than enough for most people. It's not enough for, you can buy more, but It probably is So. Why pay for something you're not going to use with Pure Talk? You don't have to. It's proudly veteran led, and its entire customer service team is right here in the United, States, th country That. You live in So. Everyone can understand each other pretty well, and they're responsive. No contract No cancellation fees, 30 day money back guarantee. Pure Talk is easy to switch to. th average family saves almost a thousand bucks a year. When They Switch, try It. Go to pure talk.com/tucker and you'll save an additional 50% off your very first month. That's pure talk.com/tucker. Switch your cell service to a company you can be proud to do business with.


Th price of ground beef has doubled in recent years, and th average quality has gone down with Beef imports hitting over 4 billion pounds just last year. Good ranchers.com is your solution. Stop paying more for less. Get th most out of every meal with 100% American meat delivered to your door with amazed steaks, chicken, pork, and wild caught seafood sourced exclusively from local US farms. You can enjoy America's best without th inflated price tag@goodranchers.com. Save $25 on any box right now with code Tucker. Plus, during Good Ranchers presidential sale, you get to pick a free cut of meat for th next four years. That's free salmon, bacon, chicken, breasts, or ground beef in every box until 2028. Support American Farms, ranches and veterans with every purchase. $25 off and free meat for th next four years with codeTucker@goodranchers.com. American Meat delivered


James O'Keefe's line in th sand premiering only on TCN on October 10th. You can sign up to watch at Tucker Carlson dot com. James O'Keefe's new documentary line in th sand at Tucker Carlson dot com.


So, you know, things are getting flaky around th world. When prices change unexpectedly, prices tend to change unexpectedly because something has happened to supply chains, global supply chains. All of a sudden, you notice th price of ammunition goes up where you can't find common rounds. Where's all th rim fire? It's just gone So. if say, th current occupants of th White House wanna pretend th economy is doing well, They can release oil from th strategic petroleum reserve, and we'll get a few weeks of lower gas prices. Many common medications, lifesaving medications, are also susceptible to these forces. So, today in September of 2024, nearly 30 states are reporting very high levels of th covid virus. Now, as we've seen, what That actually means about individual health is kind of irrelevant. Government posturing can and does lead to stockpiling health supplies, and then rising prices, So, You can downstream. All of us are downstream from all of That from reckless policy makers. What can you Do to protect your family? Well, obviously you wanna be sure That addition to Every night else you've set aside, just in case you have lifesaving medications you might need, if There were some bigger disruption and you wanna buy them now at a decent, reasonable price. but how do you do That? Well, it's hard. Who knows where to begin? Jce Jce Medical offers something called th jce case. It's a personalized emergency medication kit. That contains essential antibiotics and medications. That treat th most common and deadly bacterial infections. They include five life-saving antibiotics. You can even add on things like Ivermectin and EpiPens. That are sure to become scarce and hard to get. If a crisis hits and It feels like It might So to get your jce case, visit jce medical.com. Fill out a form, It gets reviewed by a board certified physician, and your medications get dispensed by a licensed pharmacy at a fraction of th regular cost. It's not fly by night stuff. This, our physicians pharmacists, setting aside what your family needs at a good price. Do not forget to use promo code tucker at checkout for an extra discount. Go to jce medical.com promo code Tucker.


That I mean that's more than vying for th job. I mean That is measuring curtains. Oh, Yeah, You can Yeah if you're vetting your VP candidate Yeah, when you're th vp Yeah I mean. but, but, but because she knew, as, as my sources said, That, he was strongly considering getting out. And more than strongly considering There was a period of, of at least a week and maybe more, where amongst a very small circle of people, th default was he's getting out. And it's just, just a matter of when and how you call. He got Covid and That kind of delayed things a little bit. Was That actually Covid I? Don't know of any reason to believe It wasn't I know, there's lots of speculation about It, but I think It was So So on one track. You have him sort of starting to realize he needs to, and then you have th Pelosi track.


And th Pelosi track is part of why I was able to report what I able to report, because she was determined to get him out. And she saw That th Hakeem Jefferies and, and Chuck Schumer and th donors were not doing enough to get him out. And So, she felt she had no choice but to get him out, but can not reported yet. She didn't want to be Kamala Harris. She wanted Shapiro to run Governor of, of Penn, Pennsylvania. So, she, she intended There to be a two step process. And I'm not sure, 'cause I don't know this from her. And I would take It only from her. I'm not sure if she knew th outcome, whether she still would've been for It I. Think So, but I'm not sure what Would th stu I I. Remember hearing people told me th exact same thing, That That, They That Obama wanted a two step process.


Yeah, what would That have looked Like? Well, lots of people talked about It publicly, right? There were people like James Carville and, and can, trying to think of th other prominent people who talked about It. There's others who, who wanted basically either in th run up to th convention or at th convention, like one proposal was That Obama and Bill Clinton would pick six people and That those six people You run for th nomination by giving speeches and having th delegates vote And. they didn't rule out Kamala Harris, but th clear kind of gestalt of It was, this is th way to stop Kamala Harris. Yeah th delegates were, were Biden Harris delegates. She's th incumbent vice president. She's a black woman of color. And th th campaign Money You only transfer to her So.


Those are pretty big advantages, particularly this question of th delegates, right? They're Biden Harris delegates was, were They gonna vote for somebody else in a competitive contest? So th assumption was, even if you couldn't get her to stand down And, they knew They probably couldn't get her to stand down. Who's gonna run against That? Who's gonna run against somebody with all of those advantages? And So I? Think part I think what, what some people don't take sufficiently into account is th clock was ticking. If they'd had a year to figure this out, maybe things would've gone differently. but They didn't have much time and th minute she made It clear to people she was going forward. And you asked these other people, will you run against her?


None of them wanted to. None of them wanted to. So It wasn't a matter of, of like, Who didn't I thought Gretchen Whitmer wanted to? No, none of, well, first of all, my sense of, of th people who get talked about th half dozen, none of them are in a, John Edwards, Barack Obama, George W. Bush School of I must be president. And of course, Bush was relatively ambivalent, but he, he's like, yes, that's something I want I think if you look at th six of them, not only are They ambivalent about running, let alone running against an incumbent vice president, I'm not sure if you offered them th presidency, any of them would take It like That. And some people think That. I'm naive about That. There are politicians who are ambitious, who think about th White House, but just from knowing them and th people around them, I, don't think you You say about any of them.


Automatic. Here's, here are th keys to 1600 I. Don't know That. They would take It and I say, That without hoping I. Don't sound naive. They're politicians who We have aspirations, but they're all, they're all relatively young. They've got, some of 'em have younger kids. Yeah They recognize th th downsides of how It changes your life forever. And none of them are can in th Bill or classic Bill Clinton. Like, I'm at Georgetown plotting how to get to th White House, right? They're just not like That, So So, I I. absolutely strongly agree with what you just said. Okay, good. You can th and I, and I've seen that happens. I saw Chris Christie I saw him Do That in 2012. Exactly. There are plenty Of people. It's a big step Yeah. It's a life changing step.


And if you've got younger kids, it's just like, for some of 'em, it's a non-starter. Or if you've got a spouse who's ambivalent exactly, you know, You can't do That. And, and, and if you look at th politics of, of th era we're in now, like a Democratic president is going to be attacked every minute on social media. No matter how good a job They do, unless They can revolutionize our political culture, they're just gonna have, you know, constantly bombarded. None of 'em have national security experience. Like it's a big job. So So in some ways, in retrospect, This is our fantasy. To think anybody would run against her to say, I'm gonna, I'm gonna tear away Biden Harris delegates. In addition, how are you gonna design a system really, where Bill Clinton and Barack Obama get to pick They They were put a premium on, and she did on I th nomination wasn't handed to her.


And It really, in some ways, It, wasn't she? She earned It in th sense. That. She figured out what th rules of th game were, and she won th game. Yeah. I mean if you had Obama and Clinton just make th decision, you'd have to admit publicly That It really is an oli, correct? Oligarch, correct. You Know, correct. And So, would They pick Bernie Sanders? You know, he might win if They picked Bernie Sanders. Well, They Yeah They faced That problem twice before Yeah, Yeah So So I was able to figure out That. She was underway, and then I was able to figure out That. He was working on a withdrawal plan. And then I was able to figure out That. He had decided to withdraw as early as That weekend. This was on th Thursday night th final night of th Republican convention.


And, you know, people said, how You you risk, you know, I don't work for a big legacy news organization with lawyers and, you know, PR people, how You you risk reporting It. I had It just completely nailed. It wasn't It wasn't, It wasn't, It wasn't, It wasn't like a tough call to report. It. I reported That, he was not gonna endorse her, which when I reported It was true. What happened after I reported That was he, he There were people in her camp who didn't want him to endorse her because he didn't want seem like a coronation. They were confident. That, she'd be th nominee And. they didn't want It to be, th president chose th vice president. but he got a lot of heat from th minute. I reported That from women close to her who felt differently about It and some women in ca on in Congress who said, It would look horrible for you not to endorse her.


So from th time I reported I think, because I reported It till Sunday, he changed his mind and decided yes, he would endorse her. but others, as you know, did not, because They wanted to not create th impression. That. This was just a, a, a, an elite, you know, selection of th new nominee. How did He I still don't fully understand how he dropped out. So th media, which had cheer led for him, obviously, But had stopped Ex not only stopped Yeah, They started attacking It. Yeah, right? So. There's That. I felt That was a big deal just as an observer, Yeah. but Biden himself was resolute, at least in public. but also, every story you read said in private, he was resolute. And then It just seemed to change Well.


You know, it's, it's a normal thing. It's, that happens gradually and then all of a sudden. Exactly. So, I'm very frustrated with our business and with kind of our political media culture. That, That for seven years, There, You be this coverup of all th major. How many years have you been in this business? Since 1987. Long time. Long time. We're moving toward 40 Yeah. Okay. Yeah So, just to, for people, I I, think this is th worst scandal in journalism, American journalism history. Because because anyone knew what was happening, th public knew what was happening.


And yet th coverup continued. And when th coverup was exploded at th th Coverup of Biden's condition of Biden, a decline acuity, he spoke to a dead congresswoman. I mean what More Do, We need to know. He a, a, a congresswoman who had died. He, you know what I'm talking about, Yeah. Okay? He speaks to a dead congresswoman, and his press secretary says he spoke to her because she was top of mind, because he was gonna be meeting with her family. That's not forgetting somebody's name. That is a, a loss of acuity, which would disqualify him from being a museum docent, right? Much less having access to th nuclear codes. Yeah So, So So That coverup goes because some affection for Biden th bullying of th staff, but primarily because of, of th desire to make sure Donald Trump doesn't win.


And then when There becomes no choice, but to say, We gotta get rid of him now, because he's a threat to, to th republic. 'cause Trump You beat him. They turn against him. They never acknowledge their participation as co-conspirators in a seven year long coverup. And then th same people get to cover th th th new candidate and, and Trump. It's, it's staggering to me, like after weapons of mass destruction, There was some soul searching. Yes. After th Mueller investigation, There was some, not, not more than 5%, but some acknowledgement. That That, perhaps th coverage was a little bit off.


There's been zero as I. See, It zero Soul searching acknowledgement. We We We wrote story after story about how well Trump misspeaks to, and well, Biden, you know, There are days when he's good And. there are days still to this day, There are days when he's s fine. but we all have seen people in decline. They have good days and bad days. of course, They shouldn't be president. And that's not a partisan statement. That's just th statement about th th rigors of th job. but, but th press turned on him and then acted like They had not propped him up for seven years. In, in one day, in one hour. Yeah in watching my former colleagues on CNN pivot, like That Yeah, It's incredible.


I was my jaw. I couldn't So, I was out. I'll say I was outta th country when That happened, which made It even weirder to watch, you know, your country from th other side of th world, and wonder what is going on here. And It looked very much like a setup, very much like a setup I. Think That. 'cause They all said th same thing at exactly th same moment. Yeah I. Think That They. just I. Don't I, don't I don't think th conspiracy is That discussed They just all have th exact same orientation. th same. And they're bullied in th same way. So I don't know That They have to and react to th bullying. th same way. So I don't know. That They had to discuss It I.


I do know That. When I would talk to White House reporters privately for major news organizations, They would acknowledge Biden th acuity decline was substantial. They They saw They just were in newsrooms. That where That was, It was impermissible to say, It, how You you not report That. I Dunno. but no one did. Except for, except for people from places like Newsmax and Fox. No one, did I I really do I? Really? I really do wonder how people look back on That, because can they've moved on now? Well, But you know them all very Well. I don't know how They think about this by th Way, for people That don't follow this stuff. Yeah, you know, people who are watching this I mean I should just say th obvious, which is you are not just part of th news business, but really at th center of th political news business for, you know, many decades, What seems like decades.


'cause I think It was Yeah. It was There So, you know, every single person personally, I mean m just know They. can Do, Well I know a lot of them. but you know, there's a, This is our bunch of new, new ones, right? All right, but I'm saying I know a lot of them. I know a lot of 'em. Anyone over 30, you know, Yeah So, what Do They say, I I don't understand. Like how They You explain That, you know, th presidency now, but you don't tell your viewers or readers, That, Th ones who will offer explanations, blame their bosses, That their editors, and their executive producers and their anchors didn't want to hear It and That. They would say, It and It just didn't become part of th th th th th coverage. Some of them have said That, but can It th to me, th failure to acknowledge It, what, what They did.


I won't say it's worse than th original crime, but it's pretty bad. It's pretty bad. And, and of course, with Law Fair It helps Trump extraordinarily, because when people say sometimes in our business, oh, I trust th American people, they're way ahead of us on this one. It's true. It's not just a, a trope. Yeah, th American people, including Democrats, They, saw what was happening. They saw th clips on social media and That period leading up to th debate, like when he was overseas, when, when th White House said, oh, this is, what was th word They had for It, a cheap fake That. These clips are, are selectively edited. I'd say he talked to a dead congresswoman. We don't need more examples. Yeah We sure are There, some Republicans and some red people online who, who choose bad examples.


There are, but we don't need We don't need good or bad examples. His mental acuity decline is obvious. And So They, everybody knew just to bottom line. And everybody who covers politics in Washington covers th presidency knew, Of course, how You you not. Now They might have had a different sense of how bad It was, right? but, but, but, but I'll, I'll give you an example of th lack of accountability. Not only have They not acknowledged their own role, what about th role of th people around th president who to this day say he didn't fail? He didn't decide not to run, because he had to acknowledge That. His loss of mental acuity made It unlikely. He You beat Trump. They continue to say he didn't think he You win, or he was gonna divide th democratic party.


th people th story of how They protected him. There've been some piercing of That with foreign leaders saying, you know, anonymously That, he had this, Biden had this problem or this problem. You had th Wall Street Journal piece, which was actually weak t about, about mostly Republicans saying It was An absurd piece. Yeah This is our ridiculous, but, but I know many examples, most of which I can't describe because th terms in which They were shared with me. but Democratic members of Congress knew full well, Of course. And That, wall Street Journal piece, you know, th editors of th Wall Street Journal, I'll just say I, think are very dishonest. but I know That, They are, but some of them. but That piece was really th only piece in a big, big publication to make th point, That, Hey, people are talking about his senility, but That piece was So watered down, That, It wa like, what was th point of even running That?


I'm, I'm surprised They spent So much time on It, and that's what They came up with. It, It, It, It. but can It helped? It helped Biden, because It was It certainly did help a weak piece. Now, It hurt th democratic party, because if, if Trump wins, history's gonna show. of course, if they'd replaced him sooner with anybody including Harris, they'd have had a better chance, right? Rather than rushing her into this. but, but how There You not be I mean. She's not been asked about It. She wasn't in th town hall th other day, but she's not explained her connection to this coverup. Kind of incredible. but what was Her connection to th co Like, what is th truth? I don't think she was heavily involved with It, because That wasn't her responsibility.


Right? Right. She wasn't in charge of making sure th president. Okay, now, you You argue They should have been, but That really is not th role of any vice president, let alone this one can. He had good days and bad days, and he had good hours of th day and bad hours of th day. So I. My guess is when she saw him, most of th time, he was fine. but I'm sure just by law of averages, I'm sure she saw him when he was not Well, she must have known Yeah. But everybody, I remember when I was a kid? And going into this business and hearing people speak derisively of th White House press court during th 1930s, which covered up th fact, supposedly That FDR was in a wheelchair and thinking, you know how You That, you know, I mean, that's So North Korean Yeah.


but That You never happen. can Yeah I, I'm, I've long been a critic, critic of th press I. Think That. th th th th degree to which Trump was helped from 15 onward with th press, hostility is obvious, but this one really frightens me. It really frightens me. That. It's, it's, it's beyond just like, you know, North Korea or communist China. It's beyond That. It's, it's th it's th fact That. It's occurring in a society with alternative media and social media, and, and, and White House briefings. And reporters presumably wanted to make their bones by getting big stories. No one reported It. When It was clear, They needed to turn, They just turned against him.


No accountability for themselves or for th people in th government who engaged in th coverup with them. m just find It frightening, not just, it's fun to say it's a big media scandal and provocative to say It, but I. Find It frightening. That, That You happen in this country. Now, I find It frightening with all th media. That We have different from back when other presidents, Kennedy Roosevelt, et cetera, Wilson, this is now, this is th age of transparency. And had he not had a bad debate, he'd still be running for president. I I find It frightening. How did he have, how did That debate happen? Well, like, How did There are a lot of Republicans who say It was a setup And.


there were people who knew he'd do badly And. they made him debate to force him out. m just don't believe That, based on what I know, he was on track to lose, okay, And. there was No, precip There was no intervening event. That They saw You turn things around. He was on track to lose before That debate Yeah, He had one path to win, which was to win th three great Lake States in Nebraska, two cd. And he was behind in Pennsylvania. I don't remember ever reading That story. I mean, also, There seems like there's a lot of pressure not to report what th data show, which is, you know, if a democratic candidate or president is behind, no one wants to report That. Yeah is It. Do you think that's true? Well, It's true if it's a Democrat, That's what I'm saying. Oh, Yeah, He was on track to lose, he might've lost all seven battleground states.


And he was, and he was, he was, he was in trouble in, in New Mexico and in, and in Virginia and in Minnesota. Not as bad trouble as he was after th debate, but before th debate, things were very grim. Really? Oh, Yeah. He had, he had won electoral college path, and he and It was not, and not in states Can m just don't remember ever reading This. It's, it's true. And not to make It too personal, but I should just say, for those who don't remember, Yeah, I always thought, That, you were a liberal Democrat. I have no idea what your politics are. I'm not gonna ask you. Not a liberalist, just m just assumed. can I can, I'm, I'm, I'm a journalist. I'm an old fashioned journalist. Okay? So, But m just never even Yeah. I didn't think of you as any kind of rightwing activist. 'cause you weren't. but I remember in 2016 when you said, shortly before th election, I think Trump's got a pretty good shot of winning Yeah.


And you and That was I. Think just like your analysis. Analytical I Covered Trump rallies in 30 states and talked to voters across th country. Exactly. It was clear. He You win And he did. Yeah. So, you were right. Yeah, but you were attacked. You were denounced Yeah for saying That. Yeah, I. Think covering Trump's really hard, covering Trump is really hard, even if you want to be fair, because he does say a lot of things. That are untrue. He does break a lot of norms. That at least, cause reasonable people to wonder whether those are good norms or bad. And he doesn't play straight with th kind of decorum of, of, of interactions with th public in th press and January 6th.


And some of th things he's said publicly, That are hateful and hurtful, okay? Makes him very hard to cover, but he's also hard to cover because th th most of th press covers him In a way, That is unfair. And That, th American people, not everyone, but anyone who doesn't watch SNBC primetime knows is unfair. It's, it's right There with th law fair, it's unequal treatment that's hostile to him. So covering hims really hard. but, But you should be allowed to analyze th poll numbers. Well, of course, but also, to me it's more I mean. This, That's crazy. I mean to me. It's more, it's more to appreciate That th things That people liked about him, who liked him in 2015 and 2016 are legitimate things.


That They, That They, That They. Don't believe Washington stands up for them. That They don't believe They believe there's too much government regulation. They, believe That, there's no plan to deal with China. There were There were serious things. He talked about That th border needs to be secure. There are serious things he talked about. That are in, he talks about them some often, almost always in a cartoonish way. but those, those are aspirational things and worries of th American people, That, other politicians in both parties weren't addressing So. You can, and you can analyze th poll numbers, but you can also say, as I said in 2011, which is really how I met Trump. He's talking about stuff That people re respond to viscerally. That aren't being addressed, and they're not incidental things. They're core things for tens of millions of Americans.


So It wasn't. It wasn't to me. When people say, oh, how did you know It was not, It was not hard


With th election just weeks away, Kamala Harris has only won a single clearly defined policy objective. And that's more abortion. This is not th pro-choice position of your youth. th safe, legal, and rare pretense. This is more, abortion is a good thing. Abortion anywhere, anytime for any reason at any stage of development up to th ninth month, who can be for That? Well, th modern democratic party is for That th result. Thousands of babies dying every day. And that's why PreBorn Clinics, its network of clinics are located in th highest abortion areas nationwide, to help women provide counseling care and resources to women who are pregnant and desperate to help them. PreBorn has over th years, rescued 300,000 children, all while sharing th message of God's love and offering up to two years of aftercare th PreBorn approach. It's changing hearts for generations to come. And that's th key changing minds and saving people. They do this with ultrasound. One, ultrasound cost just $28. That's roughly th price of a very cheap dinner, maybe fast food. And for That, you can sponsor five ultrasounds for 140 bucks, PreBorn and committed to saving as many children as possible. Changing minds, changing hearts, And, they need your help to do That. Abortion should not be th basis of an entire political party, even if you're pro-choice, that's disgusting. So. if you want to help donate securely, visit PreBorn dot com slash tucker or call hashtag two five oh and use th keyword baby.


but it's It, right? Well, I agree with you completely. And I also wrote a story in Politico, Yeah making some of these points, Yeah, but I wasn't attacked for It because I was already on th outside. You were very, you were th inside and m just thought It was, th response was So interesting in 2016, because really th demand was not That. You know, you be like a democratic partisan. th demand was That. You just deny observable reality. Yes, and that's a different thing. So So I have great empathy for th people who support Trump and who are angry. That th establishment media and th universities and all these liberal cultural institutions are hostile to them.


I, I, I I appreciate and, and to see their candidate get four indictments. That are po political Even. those, some of th underlying actions were wrong, but holy political indictments, but I also have sympathy for th people of Trump derangement syndrome. I get Why They think this is th worst thing. That You happen to America. And I hear It from Democrats all th time who say, Donald Trump being president is not th worst thing that's ever happened in my life. Politically. It's th worst thing that's ever happened in my life. I, I, I. Don't wanna put myself on a pedestal, but No, I, don't believe There are too many people. Forget just journalists. I. Don't think There are a lot of people who have empathy and, and, and understanding for both those groups.


And I think that's th core challenge for th country right now is for all of us to try to understand both groups. but Why do you I mean You can from Washington DC Your father worked at high levels of government. You're very much from That. I mean you're from Yeah, literally from That culture, Yeah. And then you spent most of your life in New York City. I Was once called th high priest of establishment journalism. Well and That is, I was I'm 55. I was There, and That is totally accurate. Yeah So, how do you wind up with empathy for Trump voters? Because three things. One is I covered. Bill Clinton was th first presidential candidate. I covered and I went to 46 states with him and listened to people unhappy with th status quo.


Not just th short-term economic pain, but th long-term dislocation. We've seen since Yeah you with surveys. Are your kids gonna have th same economic future? You didn't know? Do you, do you understand your place in th world in terms of th economy? Are you confident That, you'll have a, a career That you like? Are social changes? Is th society changing in ways That are offensive to you or, or unsettling to you? So I saw th importance of getting out of Washington and New York and watching presidential candidates talk to voters and talking to th voters. And I saw some people like Bill Clinton and Donald Trump and Ronald Reagan. I put those three ahead of th others saw th mood of th country and saw That.


Their party was not necessarily addressing Every night. They need to be addressed. And, they did So. That's number one is m just understood th concept of someone speaking against th status quo and th establishment. Number two, I've always seen liberal media bias, even when in my early in my career, Peter Jennings was my mentor. He saw It too. He was ahead of his time and understanding half our potential consumers were conservative. And So, you have to constantly be questioning whether your news product and your and your analysis is appealing to th entire country. And not just th people on th upper West side of Manhattan. And then lastly, I've always been concerned, That th how do I explain this?


It's like, you, you, you, you, you, you have to be honest as a journalist, you can't just go, not just not go with th upper West side, Washington, DC mentality, but you have to be constantly questioning th assumptions. That's a, that's core to th to th job. And So. I did That, whether it's politics or not, just is, are We thinking about this right? th way. I I covered th gaming industry for a little bit, and can, fascinated by It and I think th way. We cover th gaming industry in this country is insane. And It needs to be, It needs to be different. if you look at most coverage of It, it's not So. You can say It about sports. but what, what Does That mean? That I mean. Not to get too sidetracked, but I'm interested. What Does That mean? It just, it's a, it's a huge business that's completely un scrutinized.


That, are you Pardon? My total ignorance? Yeah, because I hate all of It Yeah. Are you talking about gambling or computer games? No, no, no, no. Well, if you You say It about both, but I'd say It. About I, say It. I would say It too, about social media and about kids on iPads. No, I'm m just talking about casinos. Yeah gambling, sports betting, gambling. Yeah. How, how is It covered? That you think is wrong. It's, well, it's barely covered. And it's It. th th th th th fact That. It's like aggressive. You know, That It hurts. Poor people. Yeah. th fact, That. These businesses are extremely powerful, and they're lobbyists, And. they rarely have rules. That are deleterious to their interests. And, and th fact, That They created economic opportunity some places, That this been successful, but just, it's one of th biggest businesses in th in th world.


And it's, you, you pick up th New York Times, th Wall Street Journal, Washington Post Associated Press, th networks, they're barely covering It. And when They do, they're not covering to me. th essence of, of what it's really like. So, when I covered It, I, I got backlash from th people in th business, both in th journalism business covering and, and from th gaming industry, because I was coming in and, and questioning assumptions. How, how, as a society are We thinking about this? I don't think we're thinking about It At all. Well, we're not, but, but we should be both. Both. th positive, but also th negative. th th lives It destroys and th th percentage of people's household income. That They use on It. I. Find It. Insane. I. Find insane So. I'm embarrassed. That I. Haven't can I don't wanna get sidetracked.


but since you said That out loud, I'm, I'm one of th people who's ignored It. And Think about how much, think about how much coverage there's, you've ever read in th New York Times about th industry. this, This I learned th other day. That, it's really common for young men. And there, twenties, recent college graduates who by definition have no money, Yeah most of them, to spend a lot on sports gambling. Yes. It's a huge thing. And, and, and th and th recruitment of athletes to, you know, to raise th brand identity of th individual companies. It's, it's a massive business. And just uncovered, and it's, it's massive. I. Forget how big it's, but it's huge. It's like bigger than like, Hollywood something, something, something combined. It's just, oh, really? Oh, Yeah. It's huge.


It's huge. So can m just always, as a journalist have said, people say, Trump can't win. Well, I saw him speak at CPAC in 2011. That guy, You Win. And So just gonna question th And they did. Am I misremembering this? You were attacked viciously just for observing That. Correct? Not in 2011. I was attacked In 2016. Oh, in 2016, yes. Yes. I was attacked. Vicious. but I'm saying I. I saw It in 2011. As I started my relationship with Trump. I saw him speak at CPAC, where, you know, Mitch Daniels and a bunch of potential presidential candidates spoke, and I went on TV th next morning and, and said, Trump was th best speaker. th not just 'cause of th performance, but he got th best reaction.


Yes. And you may not take him seriously as th presidential candidate, but you need to take what he's running on and talking about seriously. And I say always, Donald Trump is, in some ways a complicated man, but in some ways he's simple. if you say nice things about him on television, he likes you. So. He called me up and invited me over to Trump Tower, and I and I mean he wasn't like my best friend. but I talked to him about politics then, pretty consistently from 2011 to 2015. And part of why I had some access to him was because when people on th networks were interviewing him and, and talking about him, 'cause he's a great box office, but mocking th notion, That, he You win I took him seriously, incredible.


And then took heat for It, obviously, when, and he actually won big, Big heat for It, Yeah, Yeah So. How just I Keefe getting Yeah sidetracked. And my apologies. but how exactly did that happens? That Biden went from telling th world, telling people around him, That, he was gonna stay in with th full support I. Think of his wife and son, Yeah to announcing That. He was not running. can, Th th th data was very Graham and Inarguable Yeah. And he was presented with a lot of It. but Nancy Pelosi, who as I understand It, has not spoken to him since he got outta th race as We sit here today.


Really? That's what she said. I believe in an interview m just read, she knew where th pressure points were. She's extremely skillful, right? She knew what It would take to get him to cry, uncle. And I'm not sure exactly what That included, except more and more governors and members of Congress saying he had to step down. Donors Think saying They would not write a single additional check, right? So, if you're th incumbent president, and your fundraising dries up pretty completely. 'cause he wasn't raising small dollars, right? He was reliant on big checks. You, you stay in th race. If leading members of your party called for you to resign You, you stay in th race.


If you had no money to run a campaign and, and really had to lay off tons of your staff, not be able to afford advertisement, not be able to fly around and do big rallies, You, you stay in, you You. but if Nancy Pelosi is saying to you, you will have no money, you will have almost no one supporting your continuing on donors, celebrities, members of Congress governors, you will lose and you will be blamed in history for having stayed in and lost to Donald Trump. Or We can celebrate you at th convention. We can say you're like George Washington, and you can salvage your, your reputation I think presented with those choices.


He didn't have AdChoices. What was Obama's role? To talk to Pelosi and Schumer and others, Clyburn and others, about how you get him out. How you design a process to replace him, to maximize th chances of th party winning, and to try not to get his backup right? th th th th th psychodrama between him and Obama is real I. Don't think It is between him and Kamala Harris, but between him and Obama, it's s real I. Remember Hunter Biden, who was my neighbor for many years, telling me more than once when Biden was vice president, how much They despised Barack Obama Yeah, he despised Barack Obama Yeah.


Well, What he did to Joe Biden in 2016, a man who'd run for president twice who thought It was his birthright to then be th nominee in, in, in 16 to say, we're going with Hillary Clinton, That, That, That and th Biden family. That's, that's as bad as It gets. That's as treacherous as It gets So. And then in 2020, he didn't really support him until he had to. When, you know, when It was just him and Bernie So, So, Obama had to worry. And this is why Pelosi was singular. If It hadn't been for Nancy Pelosi, I don't think this would've happened. He had to not get Biden's backup. Biden had to see this as, as inevitable, but not, but not embar, but minimizing th embarrassment.


And So Obama was very careful to not be, and doesn't like to be public anyway at this point. but he was careful to not have Biden think That, he was engineering It. but he was, he was, he was strategizing about how do We put th pressure on him publicly and privately? And how do We end up with th strongest possible nominee? Boy, This is not a sentimental group. I've noticed I mean loyalty, personal affection, long lasting friendship, assuming That even exists in That world, none of them play any role in any of this. I think there's some affection between Bill Clinton and Joe Biden I. Well, I'm sure So, there's some There I mean this is high stakes politics.


I. Don't think I. Don't think That. Nancy Pelosi I don't know this from her. So can. I'm speculating based on just observing her and knowing her a little bit. I, don't think That, she took pleasure in this I. Think she felt bad for him. So. In That sense, I. Think There was some humanity to It. There was just a problem. That had to be solved. They, They, They, were They. Were trying to switch from zero chance to win, to a decent chance to win. And So, I don't, I, don't I, don't know That. There's room for sentimentality. That That would stand in th way of That So They call on her to bring th dog th th vet to put him down. Well, They Didn't really call on her. She stepped up because she saw in Clyburn and, and Jeffries and Schumer and Obama and Clinton, both Clinton's, she didn't see sufficient effort.


And th clock was ticking. Did You see m just I know, I'm fixated on this, but I I am fixated on It Yeah. Did you see prior to June of this year, any story in any major news outlet saying, Hey, Joe, Biden's gonna lose. Well, in my own work, Yeah okay, right in my own work. but, but you've been I, mean exiled from That world. Mean I mean no, but because They They couldn't I mean, you saw stories in th before, before They agreed to debate. You saw stories. That said his fundraising was a real problem. You saw stories. That said he was having, you know, problems in like New Hampshire and Virginia and New Mexico and Minnesota.


You saw stories saying he was having problems with th over th Israel war. You even saw th press covering immigration like they'd never covered It before. Not, not th way They would if It were on th other foot. You saw th coverage of inflation. Yeah. You saw th th coverage. th part of why he had to agree to th debate was th coverage was, was They turned on him. To th extent, not to th extent They were trying to drive him outta th race, except for a few communists. but Yeah th coverage of Biden from February or So onward was quite negative.


So We just got back from a month on th road, coast to coast, and everywhere in between 16 cities in 30 days. And I've gotta say, almost everyone on our team looks suspiciously. Well-rested every morning as We got back on th plane, It, turns out most of 'em are using a product called Samosa, which is one of th sponsors of our tour. Simosa Blends antihistamine with a syrup of herbs and honey, and is designed to help you sleep well, waking up feeling refreshed and revitalized. And based on th sunny, cheerful faces of th people I work with It works. It's inexpensive. It's less than 50 cents a night. And We know th people who own th company, And. they are great people. They are faithful people. And, they are about th happiest family we've ever run across th product. Simbro has a ton of five star reviews. You can check It out on their website, samosa.com.


How, what's th underlying illness? That, he suffers from no idea. Why don't It, how crazy is That That a nation on th cusp of nuclear war, which We are to this day? Yeah You have a, a commander in chief suffering from some illness, and nobody demands to Crazy find Out what It is. It's Crazy. And, and th fact, That, th fact, That I mean can, this goes to th press course. Part of th conspiracy, his doctor was never made available to answer questions. That is standards. th Data Parkinson's specialist come In Yeah. Although That th facts on That are still a bit murky. but, but, well, They're totally murky Yeah. but, but, but how, how They You explain to any White House reporter's satisfaction why They weren't given access to th President's.


Doctor I can't understand. It just should have been an alarm Bell. And. they should have brought th briefing room to a halt We demand to talk to th president's doctor, as we've talked to past president's, doctors, when this president spoke to a dead congresswoman, We need to access th president's doctor. And Just th way, th stiff leg walking and Every night, just, you turn th sound off and you You tell That, There was a Profound problem. Yeah and th problem, th American and th American people knew It. And that's why, you know, I, forget th exact numbers, but like 70% said he shouldn't be running. You know, it's like there's a reason why th th th press had to say, th emperor looked fantastic in his new clothes. Not, you know, I like th shirt, but I don't like th pants.


They had to be all in on. th emperor looked fantastic because They couldn't, They couldn't show any weakness. I like th shirt, but not th pants. Exactly. They couldn't show any weakness. Why? Because They couldn't do anything to be accused of helping Trump win. What? th it's not my imagination. This is, th press has always obviously been liberal, always been sympathetic to Democrats. but this posture of like, total denial of absolute big lie deception. That's a new thing. It's a new thing. It's, it's covering Trump's hard. And, and, and just as people on th right, I'll say can have, have, are revolted by th th th slanted press coverage, th law fair, th unequal treatment I think people on th left have, have proper grievance about th things Trump has done.


That are can antithetical to a lot of what America stands for. They're, they're right about That, he's hard to cover. but, but th but th way That, most of th press has chosen to deal with It is to just focus on th negative aspects of Trump and disregard th grievances of th other side. But honesty, just I mean, even leaving aside th ideology or how you think Trump fits into American history, just like I don't know if it's raining out. You can't say it's sunny out. 'cause that's lying. I agree. but, but, but They They, they're besides liberal media bias. And besides just th emotional Trump derangement syndrome, they've decided That January 11th, and Stormy Daniels and th documents in Mar-a-Lago, and his comments about immigrants are more important are, are So important?


That, They have to cover those th exclusion of Americans being killed by people in th country illegally. That's just what they've decided. Is There any sense from within those big media organizations, That, they're, they've committed suicide. No. Their, their, their cultural, personal institutional orientation is towards covering th news for half th country. That's What They do. but It as a business, it's like they've, they've destroyed themselves. That's my read on It anyway. And I worked for all those companies. Yeah, I mean th New York Times has created wordle and recipes. So They haven't destroyed themselves.


There's always gonna be a demand for news. And, you know, They all adapted, like, you know, as you and I discussed, They adapted way too late. but There There, there's, it's a, it's an industry in crisis, but some of th legacy players are finding their way towards Yeah digital survival. So, I don't think they're all gonna disappear and I think they'll be for Sure, but they're th weaker ones. CBS, Yeah I think Nb I mean CBS is like almost done. I. Think N-B-C-C-N-N I. Don't think They have bright futures, but you know what? I You be wrong. They'll Have to, they'll have to, you know, very late in th game, adapt to digital sales and, and, and different models besides people paying for subscriptions, people paying for advertising, or cable systems paying for carriage.


They'll have to, they'll have to find different sources of revenue, and they'll have to make products That appeal to enough audiences. That, there's, there's, there's this mass There, But somebody's got to fill th assigned th intended role of th media, which is to inform th public about things, factual things, Yeah Yeah. It's, it's a crisis. And not just a crisis in America. Obviously, other countries have this problem, but, but There is a market for news. People do want news. Well, you have to have It, Yeah, So, So, We just need, whether it's legacy places, That find their way, or new places like what you're doing, what I'm doing, That That That say, we're gonna make money off of quality content, That some number of people, like, and we're gonna find business models That work, and we're not gonna be wedded to th old business models, which is just not gonna support journalism.


How Long were you at a B, C From 87 to 2007? Long time. How many years was That? That's About 20 ish years now. It's 97. 2007. Did you ever think That, you would be part of independent media? I never did I mean I loved working for a big, powerful, you know, one of th most powerful news organizations in th world, and I assumed I always would, and, and I still think there's some value in It. I mean you and I both now do things for ourselves and with our small married bands. That, before 17 people would've been working on We, never would've had to think about It. but it's a small price to pay to not be freed from th th th downsides of being, you know, in an institution where you can't do what you think's, right?


You know, some of th time at least, or best, not necessarily, right? but best, Like what? Looking back, like, can you give examples of things? That, you couldn't do That, you think you should have been allowed to do File more freedom of information Act requests, even if They were gonna annoy people. We covered So. if somebody said, well, we're trying to book That person, you know, as a great guest, So, please don't file That Freedom of Information Act request. That happened. They'd say, That a few times, Yeah. Now, There was another equity involved for th organization, right? They wanted a booking more than my fishing expedition on a foia. but I, I I will say, That. That's a, that's an example. I You, give a few others, but, but I was blessed when I worked for a, B, C.


When I worked for Time Magazine, when I worked for Bloomberg, I was blessed with a fair amount of autonomy. So I was never told by corporate th corporate side, what to say? I was rarely told, don't pursue something because of another equity. I gave you an ex one of th examples, but it's more just, you know, and, you know, putting on a TV show at a major network, like 200 people are touching th product, right? It just, it's just a hard bureaucracy to, to to, to be super creative. And, but It also produces, you know, from a production point of view, quality stuff. That's a trade off. It. I'm not imagining without getting into It, I, Yeah, this is my read. You may disagree I think in th end, you are very severely punished for demanding to think for yourself.


That's my view of It Yeah. but I don't think you're, th only one who was Yeah. It did seem like a systematic cleansing of anybody in media. Not even It wasn't even a left, right? Divide. It was like It. A I felt It was a testosterone divide, but It was to, people were like, No, no, no, I think this is right. I'm gonna pursue It. Those people are all gone. m just have noticed. Well, I mean It depends on, on th category. I think people, particularly people who challenge th left I think are, are more susceptible to That. You think, you know, Yeah, I mean I. Rachel Maddow says stuff that's out There, she criticizes her own network. Sometimes she pursues stories. She's interesting. She does, she has a lot of power and autonomy.


And, there are other examples of That To, to her credit Yeah. I've always I disagree with Every night, Rachel Maddow says, but I have always admired That about her Yeah. But, but she's, she's kind of th exception. There are others, but she's one of th exceptions. That proves th rule. Most, most people don't wanna cross th orthodoxy or, or their corporate bosses. And, and in That sense, they're not So different than, you know, working for JP Morgan Chase or working for Boeing. Like, there's not a lot of, of stepping outta line. th difference is, of course, to state th obvious That we're in a journalist or in a business of truth telling and challenging powerful interests and holding powerful interests accountable. th th public interest. And sometimes That has to be, you know, either your own employer or sometimes it's liberal Democrats, Well, it's gotta be That way though.


It's inherent. Like that's why We have First Amendment protection. Yeah like th system is set up with a free press at th really at th center of th enterprise, in my opinion, So, where, where are We five years, 10 years from now? I thought There was gonna be more joking around in this episode. Yeah, No, I'm m just interested. I mean It. It's th grimmest episode of your program, ever. It's, let's play paper football or something to shake up th mood. I mean, I'm a big believer in finding consumers who want quality. And That That can happen. Tovo, independent of, of ideology. You know, my new platform, you know, we've not started to make a ton of money yet, but, but It explicitly tries to appeal to people, not just centrist moderates and independents, but people on th left.


And th right, and I'm hoping That There is a market for That. That is different than th conventional wisdom, which is th only way to make money is to go hard, left or hard, Of course, right? Be th New York Times Yeah. but how does It work? We bring people on who are willing to talk about th country in a way that's not politics of personal destruction. I would say, our model is peace, love, and understanding. And then We, open It up to citizens from across th country and So far organically, Democrats, republicans, Trump supporters, Trump enemies, all come on, And. they all talk, and they're supposed to talk in a way. That is respectful. And if somebody's disagreeing with you, I say, learn from them, rather than say, this platform is too pro-Trump.


Well, it's your opportunity to hear from pro-Trump people, or this pro, this platform is too pro Harris. Listen to them talk. And That It almost It doesn't exist in America. No It Doesn't, doesn't, what's th business model for That I? Well, it's a platform that's not just about politics. It's, it's, eventually we're gonna expand to sports and music and write writers. It's called two-Way All communication. Almost all communication is one way, right? It's you talking or writing a substack or writing a book, right? Or cable news. We bring people together with th people They want to hear from, and So. if, if you get th best parenting experts in th world, or NFL quarterbacks or great musicians, That people are super fans of sponsorships, payments, super fan payments to, to, to That are higher than what They pay for a normal access through live video.


And then eventually, th ability to be th place to people come for, for two-way conversations. but in politics, It has th additional element of all voices under one roof. And I have So hardened. When people say, liberals will say, I, understand why people are for Trump more than I ever have. th other day, We had on just by coincidence, We didn't book 'em. Two young black men both live in Manhattan or live in New York City, both of whom explained extraordinarily well why they're for Trump, and why They don't like th Democratic party. And th And they were listened to respectfully And, they liberals, You, ask them questions. That just doesn't exist anywhere else. No, It doesn't, So I Gotta say that's consistent with my personal experience of, of black men, specifically Yeah, not That.


I'm around black men all th time, but actually fairly regularly. Yeah don't know That. Many black men who are Republicans, but I know zero black men who were liberals Yeah, not one Yeah, I I. Can't remember th last time I met one. Yeah is That. That seems like a trend. If th If th anecdotal is even close to true, Trump will break th record among support from black men. I mean he'll smash It. If th anecdotal is close to true It, just, it's all over social media, it's all over my platform. It's all over every story. I hear and part of It, you know, he, I'll give you a couple of, of, of, of elements to this That I think is important. Part of It is Trump has always had appeal with kind of a macho, rich, pretty wife thing.


Totally. Yeah has That, but it's also, you know, this example of bias coverage th press says, when Trump says, some young black man identify with him and their parents because he's been persecuted, th press says, that's racist. My experience is just true. They get th fact. That That, That th legal system comes after people unfairly. And if It can happen to Trump, It can happen to them. And It has happened to them. And there family and their communities. And then lastly, They They, th th th th failure of liberals to make life in cities for poor kids better is also a massive scandal. Another scandal is That. th Republican party hasn't done anything to capitalize on It and create competition to be mayors of these cities, for sure.


but, but when Trump says, I'm for criminal justice reform and I'm for fixing schools, and I'm for creating more economic opportunity, he did criminal justice reform. th other stuff, you know, his record is spotty. but, but he's saying, as he said in 2016, when people mocked him, what do you have to lose? These young black men say, th democratic party offers nothing to me. Trump might offer something to me, and he's done criminal justice reform. I think, I think. can you, you You be th most partisan Democrat in th world. if you can defend th performance of th democratic party to helping young black men, good luck. But what's I I agree with Every night That, you've said, but what's interesting is th black voters, including black men, are not just like part of th democratic coalition.


They're th basis of th party's moral authority After what, after black women. They're number two in terms of yes, but degree of support, Right? but I I, in terms of th story, That Democrats tell themselves yes, a hundred percent why they're right and why they're better than their opponents. It's all about black people. Yeah, we've saved black people, Yeah and So. How do They, like what's It like if you are a Democratic party, if you're Ron Klain, and you, all of a sudden all th black guys are against you. And for Trump, That must be mind blowing. Well, Of all th sort of canary in th coal mine of those who believe That, some of my sources in both parties do. What Harris is about to lose, and maybe somewhat decisively. She's spending three days, maybe four days at th end of th campaign spending th majority of her time courting black men.


That's, that's mind blowing. So. What do They say? They say they're a little bit in denial about th causes of It, but They, but they're not in denial about how big a problem is can testament to. When have you seen a democratic presidential candidate with 20 days to go spending her time day after day, according black men? but It's just weird because th one thing That everyone on planet Earth knew about Donald Trump was That. He was a, a racist. That's th one I mean That line. What I mean? That was th summary of Trump. So I had a, I had a black woman who's, who's lives in New York also, who came on my platform th other day. And when she was confronted I I connected her to a, an older black gentleman who's a Harris supporter.


And he said, how can you support th man who led th birther movement? How can you support th man who denied knowing who David Duke was? And she said, how about Joe Biden? He's of That generation too, hanging around with Strom Thurmond supporting th crime Bill. You, you, you know, her view was Joe Biden's got a racist pass too. I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna decide who to vote for based on allegations about who's a bigger racist It. It's, it's just interesting of all th candidates in th history of American politics for Donald Trump Yeah To increase th share of th black vote And th Hispanic vote. Well, Big time Yeah in That way. And can th liberal press would say how You Hispanics support a guy who's been So racist in his rhetoric about th border.


And of course, as you know, we're talking about people who've came here illegally and don't like to be lumped in with people who, who, who, who support more open border. And of course, course Even people who came here legally and benefit illegally. Correct? Correct. Who, who benefit from th 86 amnesty, for Example. Correct. And also people who think bacon costs too much Yeah. Well, exactly. Yeah Amazed So, why did you, you said at th outset, That, everyone's telling us this is gonna be an extraordinarily close election. You don't believe That. Well, It might be m just m just think it's not a foregone conclusion. 'cause I think seven battleground states six, or maybe all seven You go to one candidate, They You. In other words, if one of them wins th seven states or six of th seven narrowly by our recent standards, That would be an electoral college landslide and I think That You happen.


I think whatever dynamics exist, well, there'll be some variation state to state. but if Trump won all seven I wouldn't be surprised if she won all seven. I wouldn't be surprised. And If that happens. It's not gonna be close. I was talking to a member of Congress just a few hours ago who said, I'm totally convinced this election will not be called within a week of election day will not be, not be Yeah. I mean. If it's close, It won't be, there'll be litigation and there'll be, you know, all th normal second guessing. Our elections are decentralized and really messy. And although There were efforts to fix That after 2000, it's just th American way. And in some of these states, like in Pennsylvania, th state gives incredible deference to th counties to figure out how They wanna run things.


It's a commonwealth. Yeah and I think I think there's a real equal protection questions. We saw That in Florida and 2000, like, is It fair to one county compared to another county or th state of Florida compared to th other states? That They count differently. It's a, it's a, it's a great, it's got political implications. That are messy, but it's a great se 10th Amendment question. So, in what sense do They count differently? You know, when you can start counting different types of ballots and what th rules are for accepting ballots, That have errors in them. You know, like if one county says, well, They said 2023, but They meant 2024, we're gonna count That. 'cause We know who cares what th outside address is, like one county counts That and th other doesn't.


Is That fair to th voters, you know, That equal protection. And, and even if th rules aren't different, just as a matter of course say, well, in this county, They stopped counting at midnight. 'cause th election supervisor said, We have too many votes to count. We're gonna go home. And in this county, They kept counting. And So now is There some chain of custody question in th county where th where th people went home and said they'll come back in at nine o'clock. We just don't have uniform rules. That's just th way America is So. I mean. I would say, my base case, unlike everybody else's, my base cases will know by th next day because I think more likely than not, It won't be close. but if your person's right, a week would be delightful If It was only a week, You be significantly longer.


Because once litigation starts, It never stops. And this time, th democrats are, are as lawyered up as th Republicans in 2020 th Bush campaign said, we're only gonna do in, I'm sorry, in 2000, They said, we're only gonna do Florida We. Think there's stuff in New Mexico. We, You do. There's stuff in a few other states. They said, No we're just, and th gore, th gore, people went along with That. That won't happen this time. All seven states will be litigated if, if, if th if th Outcomes are. And to recap, those states are Th recap th states, there're th three great Lake states. Yep. Michigan, Pennsylvania, and Wisconsin. And then th four Sunbelt States, Georgia, North Carolina, Arizona, and th state where Las Vegas is That I can't pronounce correctly.


So I never do. It's Nevada Like Lad and it's Nevada. And in th last say 30 years, I grew up going to Nevada. Yeah and We had a house in Nevada, Yeah, and everyone called It That. And now They will yell at you for calling It That. They will they've renamed It. I I have a mental block about It. I say It wrong every time. Even, those I think I'm saying It, right? They, they're So judgy About It. They're very judgy. That's why I don't even risk saying I. Call It. th silver state or th state where Las Vegas is. Harry Reed's old state. Harry Reed's old state, home of McCarran airport, Clark County. Exactly. Plenty you can say about It Reno in th North So. can We just go through those really quick Yeah? Sure. And love to get your view of where th race is. And let's just start with Yeah Nevada.


Yeah. It's th hardest one. th Trump. People think they're gonna win. It and th Democrats think they're gonna win. It abortion unions. th ghost of Harry Reed, which They still cite So. I would say there's consensus amongst my sources. That of th seven states. It's, it's, it's Harris's best, but I wouldn't be surprised if Trump won. It economy's horrible. Inflation's been horrible. Housing's horrible. He's got, of course, a presence in Clark County. A lot of rural vote So, it's her best of th seven. Well, he's taken Elco We know That, yes, Alco is his.


but, But th change in, you know, Clark County is very, very heavily Hispanic. Yeah. Now Yeah and th change in voting patterns of Hispanic voters, or at least what We think is th change. That's kind of what they're banking on. They are. And, and they're banking on th economy. And she's not, she's, she's a westerner, right? but people There don't like Californians. You know, typically there's for good reason Yeah, So can I think it's right That, it's as least likely of th seven. but There are reasons to think he You win It. And you know, th biggest thing she has going for is, is probably is, is th unions Yeah. And, and, and whether that's, that's a union and a location where th gap between th leadership and th rank and file is smaller.


There's reason to believe That she'll, you know, she'll Do, Well, right? Unite here. And th Yeah, th big casino workers Unions, Yeah, So, I would say, can her best state, but, but a state Trump can still win. Okay? Let's move New Mexico. No, Arizona. New Mexico is blue. Arizona is probably Trump's best of th seven I. If there's a state she'll give up on, and I, don't think she will. 'cause she's got So much money, and there's only seven, and she's gotta fly out West. can I ask you to pause? What? just can you summarize th where th money stands as of right now? Relative So, originally her money advantage. th democrats money advantage.


Early on when Trump was having trouble raising money was significant. Then They had a money advantage, but not dispositive. It's now potentially dispositive, not So much for th ads, although That matters too. but for organizing, she just, she has, she, she's raised a billion dollars. And since she got in th race, that's extraordinary. And That doesn't include like th outside money. That's, that's not directly tied. She's raised a billion dollars Yeah since she got in th race. She's raised more for her campaign and for th party committees, That, she controls. Then Trump has raised th whole campaign. So It. You know, typically when you're at raise, as Trump said in, in, in 16, They, have enough to win They.


They won't have as much money, but they'll have enough to win. It may be, he doesn't, I'm not saying for sure, but her financial advantage over th last three weeks is considerable. Where's a That money coming from? Grassroots and rich people, one of th biggest mysteries in politics for th last 20 years has been Democrats' capacity to raise big money online compared to Republicans. Jamie Harrison, who's now chair of th Democratic Party, ran against Lindsey Graham in South Carolina, no chance to win. Not a particularly good candidate. Nice guy, but not, you know, not, not some, somebody people thought, I'll give money 'cause I'll be president someday. He raised like $110 million. That's more than Marco Rubio, who should be a good web fundraiser, social media fundraiser raised when he ran for president.


They just are great at raising money from small dollar donors. Part of It was They started earlier with th thing, act blue. but It doesn't explain It and I and I talk to people about It all th time. I can't explain It, but that's a big part of why Trump's being outraged. And if They hadn't kept indicting him, he'd be even more disparate. And then there's people writing big checks. Wait, if They hadn't kept indicting him, he wouldn't have raised as much money. Trump raised, you know, a lot of his online money in th wake of all th legal stuff, like literally on th days of indictments, th days of bookings, court dates. That was a great equalizer for him to raise more money. but, but he's badly outraged. but can I don't think it's dispositive. It. It might be It might be dispositive, but I don't think It will be I.


Think Trump has just enough. And th democratic party has rich people. So does th Republican party. th big disparity is not th rich people. th big disparity is th small dollars. Interesting. There's some disparity, right? There's three kinds of money. There's, there's small dollars social media and online, there's bundlers people writing checks of, you know, 3,900 or whatever It is now. And then there's people writing super Pac checks for, you know, 10 million or, you know, less Trump. Trump is, is, is do doing is is I think being outraged in all three categories is my guess. but I think, th biggest discrepancy is th one that's th most valuable, which is th low dollars.


'cause it's, it's, it's, it's, people can continue to give to you. And for That money, What Harris campaign gets what? More TV ads, more digital ads, more field organizers, more offices more get out th vote operations. More of Lawn signs. I've noticed more Lawn signs and, and more surrogate travel. You know, just more of all th stuff you can spend money on and, and can, no one's criticizing their operation in terms of how they're going about turning people out, voting early, voting by mail. And then on election day, getting people to polls their, their team led by th woman who's running th campaign. Jen O'Malley Dillon, who's an organizer by, by trade.


They're, they're, that's an advantage. So, in other words, more money spent wisely. It's a big advantage. So, you think Trump probably does have an advantage in Arizona? Yes, it's as best, just as, as th silver state is her best of th seven. My sources agree. That Arizona is th best, his best of th seven. Alright, Let's move East Georgia. This is our, it's a, it's a tougher one. He's, Trump is ahead. Trump is favored I think It, Georgia Will, will, will be, would be th th fifth or sixth state she won. If she's, if she's doing really Well, in other words, if she wins Georgia, It means she's gonna win all th great Lake states.


And, and probably th silver state as well, So. It's, it's probably Trump's third best of them probably. And, and I'd make him th favorite There and my Democratic sources today would make him th favorite There as well. Okay? There's There is a reality of democratic politics in, in southern states, which is, if you can increase, th th percentage of th vote That comes from black vote, which is called, called th contribution to th vote. So, what percentage of th number of people who vote are black? And you can, and she can get her numbers back up to where Democrats typically are. Two big ifs, she'll win. but Trump is, is doing Well with th young black men, There.


And, you know, th normal way he wins. States running up in exurbs in rural areas. All of th seven states have a pro-choice energy in th two Western states. There's ballot measures. That will help. There There aren't in th in th in th five others. but Georgia, you know, th Atlanta metro area is very pro-choice. A lot of suburban women So some combination of, of her swelling, black vote, holding her own with black vote. And suburban voters, particularly women, she You win It. but Trump is th favorite. There, Okay, So, we've named three So, Far Yeah, North Carolina. It's funny, th vice president herself, I'm told, and, and a lot of her aides have been very bullish on North Carolina as th linchpin for replacing Pennsylvania.


If, if They lose Pennsylvania, I have one Republican source who I trust immensely regarding North Carolina, who says, no way Trump loses It, So th storm is a variable. No I No way to know who That helps or hurt. th th governor's race is a bit of a variable, but my source is now I I trust. th ones who say Trump is likely to win North Carolina, but vice president's put a ton of time And there, and I think she'll continue to, because They need a, a hedge against losing Pennsylvania. Now, Pennsylvania does, has more electoral votes, So, if it's just a swap, if Trump wins th three Sunbelt states and Pennsylvania, and she wins North Carolina, Wisconsin, and Michigan, she loses So.


She So if she, if she wins Michigan and, and Wisconsin and North Carolina, but loses Pennsylvania, she needs one of th other three Sunbelt states. but North Carolina is th largest. And, and, and, and, and, and th same as George. th same number. but that's th kinda linchpin for them. So, that's th biggest mystery. They're very, Democrats are very bullish on It. Republicans believe That, it'll be Trump's in th end. Interesting Yeah, what about Wisconsin? Was, was considered her best of th seven until she started to slip There in th last couple weeks. And it's always been a close state. Trump had his convention There a lot of rural vote There, a lot of th social issues cut for Trump.


There less pro-choice state than some of th others. So I would say, if you take th combination of my sources, it's a slight favor to Harris. but if Trump's running, running th rest of th table, he'll win Wisconsin. I thought, th Whole point of Tim Walls was to shore up support in a place like Wisconsin. Running mates really don't make a difference. Yeah They just don't. As long as you pick someone who th public says is ready to be president, it's really very marginal. That leaves Michigan. Michigan So, It. It's a little bit of a crosscurrent There because it's, it's kind of th bluest of th of th seven states. but she's got problem with labor. She's got problem with black men.


She's got problem with union, with Arab American and Muslim American voters. And she's not gone There until recently. just th last couple days. And done th things That. th locals There demand, like th local Democrats say, you have to go to union halls. You have to be doing, you know, black barbershops. You have to be figuring out how to make peace with th Arab American and Muslim American So. She's done those things in th last few days. I would say it's a must win for her. It's not a must win for Trump, but I'd make It at this point. Her just like in Wisconsin, a mild favorite. And finally, Pennsylvania.


Pennsylvania, Yeah, So, It is said Penn th winner of Pennsylvania will win. It's said by everyone all th Time Yeah Yeah. It's almost certainly true. I'm gonna Do a two hour show called, it's All about Pennsylvania, because It sort of is now I. Say, Trump can win without Pennsylvania, and she can win without Pennsylvania. And it's not farfetched They both have reasonable paths without It So. People shouldn't say it's all about It, but certainly th winner of Pennsylvania is as a matter of demographics and electoral college math is in th driver's seat. th th th other person has, has kind of, has to circumvent conventional wisdom about where these states are to make up for th loss of Pennsylvania.


And Trump is ahead, and he is been ahead for a while now, ahead within th margin of error. but if you're consistently ahead, even if it's in th margin of error, you know, No one thinks he states are gonna be won by seven Points. So, she's got demographic problems. There changing her position on fracking was absolutely essential. Whether people believed It or not, she couldn't have won being against fracking. It's not as big a deal throughout th state as people think, but in a part as to th state, it's a very big deal. So I make Trump th favorite There as, as do most of my democratic sources. but she's spending an unprecedented amount of money. She'll continue to work. It There as a democratic governor, It has two Democratic senators. It's, it's, it's more of a blue state in terms of statewide office than a red state.


Trump won It once and lost It once, but he's showing strength There with white working class voters, with older voters, with black men, with th Hispanics suburbs around Philly So. It's, it's, and, and that's, and that's a place because Biden was born in Pennsylvania and So associated with It, that's a place where trading out Biden for Harris was probably a downgrade for them. That their Biden Biden, you know, at least on Paper course, had a better chance than she does That Well, he's Of course, th loyal son of Yeah, Pennsylvania, Yeah, he his own problems, So. They've also not been a super big state about electing women to statewide office compared to some other states for whatever reason.


And she's a California liberal. You know, one of th things I don't think we've discussed in our brief talk So far is she's really liberal, right? She's really liberal. She's culturally liberal, she's economically liberal, and she's not done a sister soldiers, she's not fleshed out a portrait of who she is except for saying she's a capitalist. In a way, That has resonated with a lot of these undecided voters. And you see That in Pennsylvania as much as anywhere else, They, just They see her for what she is. And that's not really what Pennsylvania is. Their governor is a pretty moderate Democrat.


And as We did say at th outset, you said, she hasn't really I mean, if I'm Kamala Harris, and I'm from San Francisco by way of Montreal, I'm gonna make some effort to convince people I'm not as liberal as They. Think I am. She doesn't, hasn't done a ton of That. Well, she's, she's done small things on th margins and not, not put them in sharp relief, So, That, everybody would hear them because can, she's, she's, she's cautious and, and, and indecisive So, she, she really hasn't. And, and it's a, it's, you know, time's short. And, and of course, anything she does now will be seen by some voters as cr of course, you know, What's th spread between th publicly available polls and th so-called internal polling of th campaigns.


Like how different are those numbers? It Depends on wh you know, which apple and which orange you're comparing. but I would say It, It, just, just like, like a back of th envelope. Super rough thing. Trump like, you know, two points stronger in, in a lot of th private polls, not in every state, but in some of th states than in th public polls. What accounts for That? Th public polls are done on th cheap. And of all th ways newsrooms have cut back. Poll, th polling budgets take a big hit, right? So, A poll is only good if likely voters, if you know who a likely voter is. That's right. Right? And th simplest explanation is if you say I, want my poll to have 40% Democrats? Okay, because that's what I think. th electorate's gonna be So I.


Think a, a poll. That's good. That has of likely voters. 40% of my respondents are gonna be Democrats So, which Democrats are gonna fill th slots. 'cause you're, you're under pressure to finish th poll as quickly as possible. You want 400 respondents, say th longer It takes th more money It costs 'cause you're paying for th call center to continue to make calls. So th democrats are most likely to fill th slot are better educated Democrats who are more likely to pick up a phone or answer an online survey and say, I'm a Democrat and I'm participating those wealthier Democrats and better educated Democrats. 'cause those are th particularly better educated, are th are is th is th is th way. That is th single trait by which you can most easily tell.


If they're a Harris voter or a Trump vol voter, they're gonna fill th slots So you, you say, okay, 40% are Democrats, So, I, I haven't, I haven't, can not over representing Democrats. You are representing Democrats who are more likely to vote for Harris than Democrats who are likely to vote for Trump. And That single variable is, is according to my sources, probably th main reason why th private polling, which is more expensively done and wants an needs an accurate poll. So They know how to make decisions about th campaign compared to th public polls. We, just wanna get th poll done. So They can publish It for publicity. They're not looking to be accurate. They're looking to get It done as cheaply as possible.


It's more expensive to do private polls. Kamala Harris, just as you said, raised over a billion dollars. Yeah I asked where That money went. I should have pointed out That th consultants, I have noticed, just having known consultants for 30 years are richer than they've ever been. And I'm not sure th public understands just how rich some can I. Don't think it's true. They're richer than they've ever been. Oh, really? Yeah Well, maybe I'm m just noticing I, I'll tell you one, one, But some of them are not flying Yeah commercial anymore. Yeah So, a lot of I think a lot of th change and I don't know, like dollar per dollar, like are They making 47 cents on th dollar compared to before. but I can tell you, th Bush campaign really changed th culture in one, in one very fundamental way. th people who make th ads used to get what was called a percentage of th bond, right?


course Yeah. And, and That was ridiculous, like 15% or what? 15%. So Bush negotiated them down to like 1% or something Yeah. He also said, you know, salaries are gonna be controlled. Then when John Podesta was chair of Hillary's campaign in 2016, he said, if you're one of th many people traveling between DC and New York, you're gonna take th bus for 12 bucks, as opposed to th train or th plane can. That was a very big kind of cultural thing of we're just not going to waste th campaign's money on either spending or salary So. My sense is th consultants don't make what They used to, particularly ad buyers, but my sense is even pollsters don't make what They used to, but They do. They do make a lot And. they spend a lot on polls, which is why they're better.


They're just, there's a This is our, it's a qualit. It's not a quantitative difference. This is our qualitative difference. To say, We need an accurate poll. So We know how to make decisions about this race. So a Billion dollars gets dumped into one, just one side of one race in th final months. And no one's getting rich off That. They're getting rich I. Don't think th consultants themselves are making as much as They used to. That's my impression. Interesting. th consultants, I covered early in my career were like millionaires who had like their own planes and oh, Yeah vacation houses is, most of 'em aren't. A few are, but most of them now, They just don't, They just kind of change th culture of how much consultants get paid. What do you make of, and at, you know, our age is It bewildering to you to see th th shuffling of th parties.


You know, Dick Cheney and his daughter now campaigning for Harris, endorsed Harris Yeah, and then you see a bunch of people you thought, you know, Bobby Kennedy, right? Campaigning for Trump. Like, what do you make of That? Well, I'll probably anger some viewers here by saying, I, don't think you can attribute what th Cheney did to anything but their belief in th unfitness of Donald Trump to be president and, and, and growing somewhat from January 6th. I. Don't think th Cheneys are gonna get rich off of this. Oh, no, I. Don't think They want jobs. I Don't think I. Don't I mean I. Think it's possible. Liz would take one, but I don't think she's doing It for That at all.


I, don't think They hate Donald Trump for some past grieve personal grievance, I really Do believe That They think what? January 6th and, and related things and challenging th election, say about Trump's character. Make him unfit for th job, and they're willing to support someone whose position on issues They find to be, you know, socialist or worse. So. I. Think that's what Explains, but They, don't I mean I Know them. And my take is That. What They care about is not January 6th. They care about war and th foreign policy stuff. I, don't I disagree. I. Think I. Think That matters to them in terms of, of Ukraine. And, and We haven't talked about th forever wars. That's something you and I see eye to eye on and, and I think another huge blind spot of th dominant media is, is, is th Is th America's bipartisan from Bernie Sanders to Donald Trump disdain for th forever wars.


And I know th Cheney disagree with That point of view, but I don't think that's what's motivating. th mayor. I I. Think I. Think They They. And can, this won't be popular with everyone watching us, but They They They. Think That That Trump makes th planet less safe by not being supportive of Ukraine and, and, and just not challenging Putin as aggressively as they'd like. They. Definitely think That Yeah, But I. Don't think that's what's I. Don't think That I. Don't think I. Don't think th th th th characterization of them as war mongers or lovers of th military industrial complex. m just think They have a different point of view about how to Keefe th planet and th country safe.


Well, They, certainly I mean I. Think both are true. Yeah Well. Both are true. Meaning They care about January 6th, And, they care about wars or They warms No. Well, I think it's overwhelmingly war I. Think That And. there. Minds They are keeping, you know, an international order that's been very effective, intact and Donald Trump challenges That order and That challenges And there opinion like a ma a massive threat to th world, right? Well, I and I think that's sincere. They think That Well, but I also think There are war. Mons can th same in other words like I. Think They. Think They have high motives. They may be high motives, but I also think That. You know, th root of their power is, is planning war.


Like, that's what makes them Feel God-like So, So m just I agree with you on th substance of their objection. I disagree with you about That being for Liz at least, whatever. What's th opposite of subordinate over January 6th? I think January 6th really matters to her a lot. m just do in terms of characterizing them as warm mongers I I. m just m just don't agree. If I understand th term I. Don't I. Don't think They love war I. Don't think They I. Don't think They profit from th military industrial complex I don't think they're on th boards of defense contractors or, or they're looking, looking rich. Oh, I agree, looking to get rich. It's much deeper than That Yeah, but They, but They, but They are They.


just have a They, have a very different conception than Donald Trump. And then a lot of th American people about how to Keefe us safe. Their view of how to Keefe us safe is to get us into endless wars. Yeah, I. Completely No, no I, completely agree with you, Yeah and I. Never thought I, thought all th Halliburton stuff was absurd. Yeah I and also a shallow analysis. Yeah I agree. I, I. Think it's I. Think it's actually much worse than That Yeah. but, but whatever Well, I mean, I think it's worse in th sense. That That They take their intellect and their worldview And they lock us into th loss of American lives. And yes, great cost and hurt our reputation around th world.


Exactly. th opposite of what They think. but I don't question their and taste. th Cheneys I don't question their belief. It's, it's, it's not connected to self-interest. I I always I. Completely agree. th reason I'm saying it's worse is because It derives not from greed, but from hubris and I. Think that's much scarier than greed, Yeah. And in other words, if you think you have powers, That No, human possesses, for example, th power to foresee th consequences of a big decision, That, you make Yeah, you know, a rational person. By rational I mean someone informed by humility, which is, you know, a realistic understanding of limits of his power. You do something big like invade a country and an honest person says, I have no freaking idea really what happens next?


And th Cheney, because They are like everyone in DC bipartisan, seized with this crazed hubris. They're like, No, no, I know exactly what's gonna happen. Right? This will start a domino effect where democracy takes right root in th Middle East. And like, that's insane, Right? Well, th fact is, We do know what's gonna happen if We look at history, it'll end badly. Right? Exactly. We, We do know. th only thing I don't like about when you say war mongers is, to me, warmonger means somebody who relishes sending th us to war and maybe profits from It or does It because they're insufficiently concerned about th welfare of th country. No. No, no, I'm saying just, I'm, I'm, I'm saying something slightly different. That, which is someone who believes That. th most important thing he does, and I think 90% of Republican senators feel this way, for example, is sort of manage th world Yeah and is convinced That, he's doing a good job.


And this is like a high calling Yeah. And he understands can consequences, which no human can foresee. Yeah So. That's deeply offensive to me because I think it's like stupid and corrupt on th most basic level. You don't understand th limits of, of human foresight. And that's a massive problem. Yeah and, and can history makes It pretty clear. And, and It infuriates me when people say Trump hates nato. Trump wants to destroy nato. He doesn't, he wants to reform It So That. It's fair to American taxpayers and That its mission matches up with our security needs. I totally agree. I by contrast, do hate NATO and like to destroy It, Yeah, So. I'm th radical. Trump is totally moderate Yeah on this stuff. I agree With you. I mean I. I. I would only want to Keefe It if It were really reformed.


but I think there's a pur I. Think There is still purpose for It. There. You be, but man, does It hurt th countries That participate. In my opinion, It eliminates their sovereignty, Yeah, and foreign troops on your soil. Like that's a big thing. Yeah th problem is They. just don't have an th th there's, there's, it's th best arrangement for maximizing our safety. Even, even with all th flaws. If It, if It were reformed, It would be, It would be It, would be It, even flawed. It's probably still th best arrangement. but if It were reformed I, think It clearly would be, Well, Europe is western. Europe is done. Its economy is in in shambles. Well, but it's Not going away. Right? but not being sold To th martians, No, I mean it's still gonna be filled with Well.


It's been invaded With Finn and Belgians and Dutch. It's all gonna be There. You know, as someone who's part Finn That, It hurts me even to hear th word finish, because m just think That was a country. That had sovereignty. That earned It, Yeah by beating, you know, one of th world's great powers in an actual battle. th winner war of 1940 And, they just gave It up to nato, and they're gonna just really suffer as a result. Yeah, That's s fine, but I mean, would It th world be better if They all had their own robust armies? No I mean, but I, I, you know, regional Navys and Air Force And there, You know, you, you You easily envision like regional cooperation between say, th four Nordic countries or Eastern.


But why is, but why is That better than a, a, a continent wide force to deal with th realities, which is Russia and China are gonna threaten us for A long time. but it's not continent wide. Actually, it's, there's just an extension of a far away empire. That doesn't have any of their interests in, you know, at heart. And, and, and also It It degrades th spirit of a country to have foreign fruit on Th soil. I agree with That. I agree with That. You look at England and it's like, why? Why is It collapsing So fast and I think a lot of That is, and I don't think anyone meant to do this. Actually, I think a lot of th worst things That happen to your very wise and true point about th Chinese I Think, They think they're doing th right thing.


Yeah Yeah I think th people who administer th EU think they're doing th right thing. I think your average NATO commander thinks he's doing th right thing. but th effect of having foreign troops on your soil for 80 years is to eliminate any pride in your country. Yeah, I, I I agree and I think you see That Jap, Japan's probably th country I know best. Yes. And America's true presence is just deleterious to their feeling like an adult country. Totally. Totally. And that's one of th reasons They have such high suicide rate. Yeah. Same with South Korea. I agree, but, but can There are threats in th world? That are serious for sure. That America cannot as easily deal, deal with a deterrence and spying and, and action if necessary.


If We don't have North Korea, Australia, or South Korea, Australia, Japan, and NATO countries with some degree of military cooperation. Yeah m just think it's It, just, it's just th reality of, of real estate and how long It takes to get places. You know, We cannot defend and deter from th continental United, States just not gonna happen to th same degree that's necessary to deal with Middle East and Russia and China and North Korea. Yeah, you know, It, just It, just, it's just, just a requirement geographically to be There. but I agree with you in terms of th but Downside, but it's hurt. It really is kind of like Munchausen by proxy. It's like Yeah, We, We. Were killing th people We claim to love. Well, but if, but, But one, but one of th powers of Trump's ideas.


If They paid more for It, if more of It was theirs, I think They It would be less infantilizing. And and It would be, they'd be more full partners as opposed to being under th American umbrella. Part of th challenge is also th nuclear weapons, right? We don't want these other countries to have nuclear weapons. No, that's exactly right. And if We are not partnered with th Japanese and th and th and th South Koreans and th Europeans, they're gonna want nuclear weapons. Well, and Japan especially because Japan I think people It sounds like you like and go know, know th area Yeah. but th one thing I'm not no expert on Asia, but having spent time There, th one thing I'm always shocked by is how totally freaked out by Japan. Every other country is Yeah, particularly China Yeah Think, and South and South Korea too.


They're ally for Sure. Yeah. You don't think of Japan as a al power 'cause it's not. No, But, but, but th Chinese, but 1945 wasn't That long ago for them. That's Exactly right. Yeah. And that's, and that's can, there's downsides to our relationship. People now can now hate the United States Yeah 'cause of our military presence. but th upside is We have We have effectively restrained them and allowed them to become part of th community of nations and develop our relationship with South Korea. That's stronger now. It's one of th things Biden has done successfully in foreign policy. It's stronger now than it's been since th end of th war, in part because They do not have a military that's threatening to these other countries. It, Yeah, th Japanese are So elaborately nice. So nice. They're such wonderful people.


It's So hard to Yeah. Imagine what They were not That long ago. It's amazed there. Turn in one generation and I mean, if anything, They You use a little bit more of th fierceness I agree And they and th current generation, but they've been turned into just completely defamed in a way That I think has hurt th society, but had to be done to some extent because of th th specter of th end of th war. And th th strong feelings, as you said in China and South Koreas wow to this day. Really, really jaundice view of th Japanese Yeah. It's really Noticeable. Now, you asked me about Bobby Kennedy predicting or explaining Bobby Kennedy is like predicting or explaining k Jong-un I mean, he's just a, he's a mercurial man, That Bobby Kennedy So.


Why is he for Trump? I think he's anti-establishment, and he believes That, th th current military situation, food safety, foreign wars, all of That is, is requires profound change. And So I think there's some really strong ideological ties to Trump. I think he also is angry at th Democratic party for keeping him from being able to run for th nomination fair fairly, and for attacking him personally. So I think that's part of It too. And I think Trump offered him th better deal for what It would mean to, to endorse him.


but, but I think it's a mistake to just say he's a cuckoo who wanted a, a big role. I think food safety, foreign wars, military, industrial complex Yeah, all That is, if he were, if he were 50, 20 years younger, had a normal voice and stayed on message I, think he would've been a formidable. He'd Be th president of the United States formidable. His, his announcement speech was one of th best and most important speeches of th last five years by any politician. but he simply doesn't have th discipline to do this. And, and in That sense, he's a great companion for Donald Trump, who also lacks th discipline to stay focused on th core issues.


That have immense peel across party lines, not just fringe So. He told me, I think a lot of them I think your analysis is fair. but he told me That th Democratic party didn't even consider talking to him. Yeah. And, you know, clearly he's got a real constituency. Yeah, he's an energetic man, and he is got a lot going for him despite, you know, th deficits and So. Like, why wouldn't you make a good faith effort to bring him over Yeah to th party? That, he grew up in I, don't understand That I. Think That, you mean, you mean after he, he got out of th Yeah Yeah You out, and or he is considering getting out. Yeah obviously he's considering getting out Yeah We knew That was gonna happen, So.


Like why wouldn't th Kamala people try for him? They just decided to not elevate him by treating him like a serious person to th decision They made to just brand him as a kook. I. I'd love to see a, a parallel universe. If Biden hadn't run and he had run for th Democratic nomination, I would've been curious to see how he would've done. but They just decided when he was running for th nomination to destroy him. And he made It easy through his past and his president. but having done That I think They just felt They couldn't suddenly change and decide he was a good guy. It's It It It does seem like, and Bernie Sanders obviously felt this very personally, Yeah twice.


but It seems like th real sin in th Democratic party is trying to bring any kind of change. Yeah Being anti-establishment being populist. You know, Bernie had, had Bernie played under fair rules. I think he would've been th nominee at least one of th two times. but that's, you know, that's politics. And, and whether you've got an incumbent like Joe Biden or a quasi incumbent like Hillary Clinton, you know, th party establishment's gonna do what It does. And, and, and pre-Trump That would've happened as Well in th Republican party So. Okay, let's just, I've got two more big questions Yeah for you. Yeah first I should have asked you earlier. Who Is Running, the Country Right Now.


Do you know Yeah Joe Biden and th White House chief of staff and senior advisors to th president, and definitely Tony Blinken and Jake Sullivan Yeah. If you manage Joe Biden's time, if you recognize when he is up to It and when he is not, he can still make a lot of decisions. And I believe does So I don't think there's any Barack Obama or all these other things ly be, but th White House chief of staff has to manage That. And then there's a few very close personal aides th president who aren't famous people, but They They help figure out when to plug him into this and, and minimize th prospect.


That. A big decision will be, need to be made at a time when he's not equipped to make It. It's not a great situation, but, but It is, It is as evidence of th fact. That That th you know, th number of times he's displayed abject inability, you know, it's probably 25 times where it's just abject, given th circumstances. That's relatively small. And it's testament to not just th th fierceness of th conspiracy, but th th degree to which it's well managed, you know, have to, have to understand under th circumstances, if there's not gonna be an invocation of th 25th Amendment, if he's not gonna resign, We have to be grateful. That, it's well managed. Let's say Trump wins through three weeks from today.


What happens? th democratic party just I mean, as you said, a lot of Democrats, maybe th majority believe That Trump becoming president can is th worst thing That ever You happen. So, how do They respond to That I? I say this not flippantly I. Think It will be th cause of th greatest mental health crisis in the history of the country. I, don't I think tens of millions of people will question their connection to th th nation their connection to other human beings, their connection to their vision of what their future for them and their children You be like. And I think That will be, require an enormous amount of access to mental health professionals.


I think it'll lead to trauma in th workplace. I think there'll be some degree of, are you being protest? A hundred percent serious, a hundred percent serious I. Think there'll be alcoholism. There'll be broken marriages. There'll be what? Yeah They. They They think he's th worst person possible to be president. And having won by th hand of Jim Comey and Fluke in 2016, and then performed an office for four years and denied who won th election last time, and January 6th, th fact, That under a fair election, America chose by th rules, pre-agreed to Donald Trump. can I think It will cause th biggest mental health crisis in th history of America?


And I? Don't think it'll be kind of a passing thing. That by th inauguration will be fine. I think it'll be sustained and, and unprecedented and hideous and I. Don't think th country's ready for It. So mental health crises often manifest in violence. Yeah, I. Think there'll be some violence I. Think there'll be, there'll be workplace fights. There'll be fights at birthday, kids' birthday parties. I think there'll be protests. That will turn violent I hope they're not, but I think There will be some, but I I think It will be more, it'll be less anger and more a, a failure to understand how It You happen.


You know, like, like, like th death of a child or your spouse announcing That, That That. You know, your wife announcing she's a lesbian and she's leaving you for your best friend. Like a, like a, like a something that's, that's So traumatic. That It is impossible for even th most mentally healthy person to truly process and incorporate into their daily life. I hope I'm wrong, but, but I think, That I think that's what's gonna happen for tens of millions of people. Because They They think That That That That, their fellow citizens supporting Trump is a sign of fundamental evil at th heart of their fellow citizens and of th nation.


That's how They view It. Well, that's very heavy. Yeah So. That's one thing I think will happen. And then I hope That Trump handles It. Well, I hope That, he recognizes his both his responsibility and his self-interest and That he chooses in his words and in his cabinet and White House appointments, nominations. And in his initial legislative agenda, I hope, he sees a confluence of interest between minimizing That mental health crisis and th success of his presidency and I think he might I, I'm, I'm bullish on him seeing th alignment of those two things.


Wow. And if he loses, what happens? Well, it'll depend on how he loses. It'll depend on if it's close. And if he and his supporters see wrongdoing in casting and counting a ballots in th seven states, it's very difficult to, for me to imagine her winning by enough That, That doesn't happen. I've been disappointed in th efforts in th states There are some in every one of th seven, but they're not mature enough to prepare to explain to people elections are messy.


but this one wasn't stolen. Our electoral votes were awarded correctly to Kamala Harris. I. Think if That somehow goes well, and if Donald Trump himself doesn't challenge th results, Twitter can do what It wants to do. I think I. Think That. th th negative impact of her winning on th psychology of of th losers will not be as great. but I don't think it'll be nothing. And I think there'll be all sorts of things. Lawfare replacing Biden with her after, you know, Trump had spent millions trying to beat Biden. Th th media's completely th you know, full body on th scale, I think all those things will lead to mass skepticism.


That th election was fair and I think it'll be up to luck. That That th result is clear. Cut enough. That That, people don't feel reflexively. It was unfair. I think it'll be up to what Trump's attitude is. And I think it'll be up to th governors of th states, whether they're Republicans or Democrats. And most of th battle str battleground state governors are Democrats to, to, to be as transparent and, and clear about any irregularity and, and its potential impact on th outcome. If all That happens and Kamala Harris is decides to in th transition and in her inaugural address and in her legislative agenda to, to be gracious I, think I.


Think That. W We, You be in a decent place. I think they'll probably be a Republican Senate. And I think people have failed to game out. If there's a Republican senate, democratic house, th Democratic president, all of Maga and, and those unhappy with her winning will put their chips in th Senate and say, it's up to th senate to Keefe her from turning this into a far left country. And That goes first and foremost in th initial instance to nominations I think will be very difficult for her to nominate anyone acceptable to th left who can be confirmed by That Senate So. They'll, They'll just Keefe people in place.


Well I mean you can't be acting forever. It's very limited what you can do as an acting secretary. And she'll want her people. So, I worry a lot about That. You know, We, one of th huge dysfunctions in this country, regardless of party, is th is th and every president will tell you this, and probably has, is th difficulty of getting your, your people in place because of th background checks and th confirmation process. if you think about her, she started running for president not That, long ago. She hasn't had time to start a, a, a, a rigorous transition. I really do worry about her, even if she emerges from this election with th country in love with her, not at whole country, but enough to have a honeymoon if she rises to th occasion, if she, if, if world leaders don't seem poised to take advantage of her in some way, even if all That happens, I really do worry about her getting a government in place.


'cause I don't think a Republican senate is gonna confirm th kind of people who Elizabeth Warren and Bernie Sanders and a OC are gonna demand her to nominate. You hear people mutter darkly about some kind of civil conflict, th possibility of That Yeah, are you worried about That? Less than most. but I don't dismiss. It entirely can. I'm a big believer in governors, right? Civil conflict will take place in th state of some governor. By definition, I hope. th governors all have great bipartisan plans for minimizing this and for policing peaceful protests and not allowing them to escalate, but not trampling on th First Amendment. I. Think I. Think It. It We You have violence regardless of who wins.


I think both sides are capable of That, I. Think th chances of It are minimized if th losing presidential candidate makes It clear. They don't want That to happen. And if th governors are vigilant in devising plans to, to, to balance public safety with First Amendment, if those things happen, I, I, really, I'm not all That concerned about, about violence, if those things don't happen, I'm deeply concerned about It, Mark, Halperin I. Am grateful I mean It, That, you are still a powerful voice in media after all these years. Well, you're very nice. It's, it's great to be here and your your place in th world.


As you know, We have lots of mutual friends who say to me and to other People, you know, what's happened to Tucker? What has happened to Tucker? And, and I say, let me go find out. I'll be back, So. I'll go report back. You're right, you're right here, right here. Good natured, iconoclastic, interested in th world. th world, and as We say, unafraid to stand up when you agree and disagree. My, my, my cousins all say, That, What happened to Tucker? We're Worried about him. Yeah. I, you know, I have dinner all th time with people who've known you for longer than I've known you. And. they just all, what happened to Todd? Happened to him? Yeah, what happened To Tucker Well. m just It was too corrupt for me.


Had to leave Yeah. But So can, I can, I'm glad I can, I can go back to New York and God, maybe I'll Do a zoom. Give Th all my fast, and I'll Say I will. I'll say, here's, here's what happened to Tucker. It's got a nice desk, nice table with some good microphones. Sturdy, exactly. Eats right exercises when possible, when po when possible. Anyway, you're nice to host me. Thank you. I I loved It Thank, you good to see you. Thanks for listening. th Tucker Carlson Show. if you enjoyed It, you can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see Every night. That We have made th complete library. Tucker Carlson dot com.