
The NBA playoffs are here and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me, Chuck. GPT, what do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customer spent $5 to get 200 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel, America's number one sports book two one plus and present in Virginia must be first online real money wager, $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See full terms at fando.com/sportsbook gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Okay, so I'm gonna, I'm not on X all that much, but I do read you and sometimes I, I read your tweets and I'm like Matt Walsh, ladies and gentlemen, spinning people up. Here's one. We've been saying for many years that gay adoption surrogacy should be illegal. Now everyone else seems to be catching on. This is an abomination. We've been saying for many years that gay adoption's an abomination. I I've never heard anybody say that. Wow. We're just diving right in. We're diving right in. Day adoption is an abomination.


Yeah. Well, I, I think there, I was referring to social conservatives because social conservatives still somehow get a bad rap. So, you know, so-called social conservatives ev even among other conservatives and other people on the right, it seems to me. But so when I say we, I mean like so-called social conservatives. I've never heard them say that. I've never heard anybody. I I think I agree with it what you said, but I'm not, I don't think I've ever heard a single person say that. Everyone seems to be afraid to say that. Yeah, most people are. That's why I think. But, but you know, so-called social conservatism is, is that's why it's not popular.


Even, even on the right is Can I ask you about, is there anything more hated on the right than social conservatism? I, I don't think so. So you could Say like, I think we should drop an atomic bomb on a bunch of people and just like kill them all and their kids and people are like, well, that's a really good idea. But if you're like, actually we should like save some kids, then they hate you. Yeah. What is that? Yeah. Or if we should, we should, we should probably, we, we should look at the way that human society was structured for thousands of years and we should probably consider that they were right about a lot of that stuff. You know, maybe not everything, right? Maybe not everything, but there are, there are just certain basic civilizational truths that we have moved away from in recent decades, but I don't think there's any good reason to move away from them.


And so if, if human beings did something a certain way for literally millennia in every civilization that we know of, it's, it's probably right. I mean there's probably, it's, there's probably a lot to be said for it. Again, not in every case, but in, in most cases. So it's Worth pondering anyway. It tells you something if Right, if every civilization, none of which that we know of had contact with each other came to the same conclusions. Exactly. So, so something like the, you know, gay adoption that, and this is, this isn't the only argument against it, but I think it is a worthwhile argument that there's never been a society anywhere on earth, anywhere, period.


Where they have had two men in a romantic relationship starting a family that's just, that's never existed. You know, it's always been a man and a woman start a family or in certain ancient civilizations and even some primitive ones today, you might have a man and several women, you might have polygamy. That's pretty, That was pretty common feature I would say around, Yeah, common. Certainly common. But you never had, and why do you have polygamy? It's like, I'm not, I don't support polygamy, but there was a logic to it, especially in ancient times. Yes. You gotta create people, you know, and the whole point is to create, the whole point of the family is to make children and care for them. And, you know, a a family that's headed up by two gay men is, that's why it's, it's a, it's an abomination.


It's just, it doesn't, Well, it never happened before and now it's happening. And that's why we call it progress. Right? This is progress. It's something that never been done. Yeah. And well, it's, it's Progress in the way, it's progress in the way that cancer progresses, you know? So when I, when I hear about progressivism, I think of, I think of progressivism. It is progress. So we're at stage four gay right now, would you say? Oh, yeah. Stage full on stage four, yeah. Terminal. It's a, it's a terminal case. So Yeah, just fear. Why don't just jump right into it. So, but what is, so I think you make it obvious and very fair and smart point.


We should pay attention to the way things have always been done. 'cause maybe we can learn something. It's like discarding it all. French revolution style doesn't end well. I totally agree. But what's the, the more affirmative detailed case against it. These kids don't have homes and here are two loving parents to watch over the child. Why is that bad? Yeah. Well I think that there are a couple of things. First of all, it's, it's interesting to note that when this conversation about gay parenthood first started really in earnest like 10 years ago, most of the conversation was focused on adoption. And right. Gay men wanna adopt. But now what's happened is there's been a shift, and now you've got a lot of these gay couples that are turning to surrogacy.


So they're renting wounds, you know, they're renting the, the, they're purchasing the body parts of women and renting them, using them like an Airbnb rental. Wait, I thought we got rid of slavery. Yeah, I would, I would've thought, okay, but this is, this is exactly, this is the ob you know, in a very literal sense, the objectification of a human being, treating them like an object, using them as an object. So it's just interesting. There was a study done research, a survey a, a couple years ago actually that found that it was like 60 plus percent of gay couples, when they think about parenting, they would prefer surrogacy. So it's a, it's a bit slight a hand trick you see on the left a lot where they, they wanna bring about some social change and they, they present an argument for it, but then once they get what they want, they abandon that.


And then you, you kind of, you figure out what they actually wanted. So it's kinda like adoption has given way to surrogacy. And then the whole argument, which I didn't, I never bought, which is that we're rescuing kids who are in these terrible situations in foster care that's out the window because these are not kids that you're rescuing, you're creating them, rather than rescuing a kid from an unfortunate situation, you're creating them to be in an unfortunate situation from birth, which is a, which is a different thing. So that's the first thing. And the second thing is that even if we're talking, but Would you concede that one upside to a collapsing post-industrial economy is there are a ton of poor people who are willing to have babies for profit.


I Dunno that I would call that an upside. That's it. Just Like, this is so like Yeah, that's a, people Don't take three steps back. Like if this were happening and if, you know, Dickens were writing about this in the 1850s, you'd be like, wow, you know, London's a very screwed up place. Yeah. Where we're taking advantage of the poor. Like that's the step beyond prostitution. Yeah. I mean it really is treating someone, as you said, correctly, as an object. But There's, but there's also the, the fundamental point, whether it's surrogacy or adoption, the fundamental point is what does the child have a right to, we we keep hearing about, right? We hear about this right to parenthood.


I mean, you have gay couples now that are, that are demanding insurance cover fertility treatments as if the reason why two men can't make a baby is because of fertility problems. No, it's because of the laws of nature. But, and that is, that is cloaked under this, it's, it's sort of under this umbrella of why I have a, I have a right to parenthood now. You don't have a right to pa what does that mean? No one has a right to be a parent. It, it's great to be a parent if you can, but you're not born with this like entitlement. You're entitled to a child. What the hell does that mean? Rather than talking about the right of the parent, let's talk about the right of the child. And this also, this applies to so many other, this applies to abortion, this applies to a lot of topics.


What does the child have a right to? And I would say a child has a right to a mother and a father. A child has a right to the basic fundamental set up that, that, you know, billions of kids throughout history have had, which is a mother and a father. Now, if through the course of events, through no one's fault, that is taken away from a child. I mean, you can have a parent that dies, you end up with a single parent, you can have a divorce, which I think is terrible, but it's not supposed to work that way. So if you have a child in foster care, you're looking for a mother and a father and to just say, okay, well we'll give this child to two dads.


You're basically giving up on that child. You're saying, well, yeah, we could, we couldn't find the right setup for you. So instead you're getting this. And I just reject that. I reject that. Totally. And I also think, frankly that, you know, a lot of people won't like this. But, but, but I, I, I think, I think we've passed the point world. Yeah, right. No, no one likes anything that we're saying. Right? A child being in foster care is, is far from an ideal scenario. It's very, very sad. A child going to two gay parents I think is worse. I think it's, I think it's easily worse actually. Why? It's just more disordered, it's more confusing for the child.


Again, neither, neither scenario is good. We don't like either thing, but I, I don't see going to, you know, gay parents as an improvement over the, the, the what they had before. So do we know that it screws kids up or we just sort of intuitively know it? I think we intuitively know it, but also there's been plenty of studies done about the mental health effects of kids that grow up in these, you know, single sex, same sex parent homes. There's been a lot of studies done about it. But, but honestly, I don't, you can look at the studies, people will fact check and they're there. I I just, I don't need studies for this.


It's, it's the same thing with the trans topic. You know, from the very beginning when we started talking about that, you had all these people saying, well, where are the studies? Where are the studies showing that we shouldn't chemically castrate a 5-year-old or, you know, or, or a 12-year-old? Well, there are studies now that will bear that out, but I didn't, we don't need a study to tell us that this should be, this should be intuitive. We just intuitively know it. There are cer certain things as human beings that we just know. And one of them is that sexually mutilating a child is bad. Another one is that a child needs a mother and father, we just intuitively know that I don't need any study.


I don't care what any academic says about it. I don't care. So when you were born, the aids, the AIDS crisis aids was sort of in its early years. And there were famous people who had aids, who died of aids, who lied about why they were dying because they don't wanna admit that they were gay. So that was the world you were born into. Now being gay is like an advantage in college admissions in a lot of schools and in hiring. So like we've, it's moved completely. It's like the opposite of what it was in 40 years. Why do you think that happened? And what do you think its effects are?


Yeah, I think that's, it's the collapse of, well, it's just this war on, it's kinda what we started with. It's this war on normalcy, on, on, on civilization really. It's part of the anti-family agenda. The anti-human agenda. And I think that, and that's, that's always been there. Why did it catch on though, to such an extent? I think that the, the side that was supposed to stand up for the family and stand up for civilization largely failed and abdicated their responsibility to do so. You know, conservatives, the church has just largely failed and not even failed.


Not even tried, really Not, not even tried. Why is that? Fear, cowardice, hypocrisy. I mean, I mean hypocrisy in, in the, in the, in the actual sense. In the literal sense of not someone who's, you know, says something and does another, but someone who claims to believe something they don't, which is what actual hypocrisy is. And so we have a lot of hypocrites on the right and in the church, unfortunately, who are just claiming to believe things they don't really believe. And so I think that the answer is, it's like, why, why don't, why, why aren't there enough pastors in any church, in any denomination standing up and talking about these issues and leading, you know, leading on these issues?


And the answer is, well, there's a lot of cowards, but also a certain portion of them don't really believe it. I mean, they don't believe it's like, whether or not they really believe in God is a question. So I think that that's a, that's a part of it too. What do you think the fact of it has been you n not not just the acceptance of homosexuality, but the celebration of it. Like, what I remember hearing, you know, 30 years ago when this was gathering steam, people saying, well, well why it's not a threat to you. You know, gays aren't gonna break into your house and, you know, for forcibly make you gay or something. Like, why do you care? And I thought that, you know, kind of made sense to me at the time, but I, there's a sense that's just not true actually, that it did have a big effect on everybody else.


Do you think That it it certainly did because, because it's always a lie, obviously, when they say, oh, this isn't, we just want to do what we want to do, and we're not, it doesn't, it won't affect you. And we, we, we don't need you to be involved. W this is just what we're doing in the privacy of our own homes. And That was a good argument though. Don't you think it In, in theory, in principle. It's a good argument. I'm just saying as a, as a kind of matter of slogans, you know? Yeah. Like, that's better than just do it for Nike or have a Coke and smile. That's like a really effective ad campaign for Americans. 'cause that matches the American instinct. Like, you know, live and let live. Yeah. And there's, and there's a certain, it, it, it makes sense to an extent that if someone across the street from me is in their home doing some freaky weird stuff and that's it, and they're just in their home doing it and I never even know about it or see it, right?


My children don't see it, my children don't know about it, then yeah, it's hard to make an argument that I'm somehow impacted by that. 'cause I'm not, except maybe in the most indirect sort of way. But it, that's not, that's not how it actually works. That's just the slogan. That's not what really happens. Right? And so we follow the trajectory and we've seen this time and time again. It always starts with tolerance. They say, well just, just tolerate this. Which, which is, which I guess we're supposed to think means, you know, just people are doing this on their own. You don't have to, you could just stay out of it and they'll stay away from you and yes. Tolerate it. Right?


Tolerance. So it starts there, but then it goes to very quickly acceptance. Then, then they start saying, well you should accept this. Well accept and tolerate not exactly the same thing. How are they different? Well, tolerate means I just like put up with it. I allow it, I allow it, I put up with it. I don't try to stop it. Right. Is what tolerance means in, in the most literal sense, except means I'm embracing it. Right. You know, it means I'm embracing it. And, but then they don't stop at accepting. 'cause then they go to, well, okay, now actually we need you to celebrate it. You know, so it's, it goes from tolerance to acceptance to celebration and pretty fast actually.


Pretty fast. Yeah. I think, I think there, there was a time when that process might have taken, you know, 10 years and now it seems like it takes 10 minutes. So we, we went from decades ago it was, hey, they're just in their private, in their private lives, in their own homes. Doing this doesn't affect you to now while they're, I mean literally marching in the street, you know, in leather bondage gear, like flaunting in front of confused children standing there. Yeah. Having sex on the street, actually. Yeah. Right. Engaged in sexual acts. And, and even worse than that, they're going into the school systems. They're putting this stuff in the school. They're, they're trying to tell my kids when my kids aren't in the school system.


But, you know, they're trying to tell our kids, Do the authorities know your kids aren't in the school system? They do now, we still, and I'm in Tennessee, so we still have, yeah, we still have that right in Tennessee so far. But then they start going into the school system and they start, they start promoting this, they start trying to tell our kids that, that you should also tolerate this and accept it and embrace it and, and celebrate it. There's this kind of, there's a, you know what, what, what they're telling kids in school about homosexuality, for example, is not just biology. There's a moral message. They're giving them a moral message. And the moral message is, this is okay. There's nothing wrong with it. It's, this is, you know, a gay couple is equal in every way to a straight couple.


These are just different variations. You know, it's a, it's morally neutral. That's their message. That's a, that's ideology, that's not biology. And, and once you start doing that, then it's like very clear how this affects me. You know? But how Does it affect the society? Well could fundamentally transforms society and our basic priorities, how we live, what matters to us.


So we're not positive if cryptocurrencies the future of finance, but we do know that what we have now is broken and dangerous. Debt has never been higher in this country. Many of our so-called leaders are getting rich, serving you. It's a scam. So where does it go? Well, thankfully there are options. Donald Trump has said repeatedly, he wants the United States to be the crypto capital of the world. He's already created the crypto advisory council and recently signed an executive order to establish a Bitcoin strategic reserve. This could give normal people an alternative to the government's failing system and frankly to the US dollar. I'm not saying put all your money outside the US dollar, but like, don't be crazy. Don't be stupid here. You can see where it's going. So the people at I iTrustCapital can help you get into this. It's complicated for people who aren't following it. They make it easy. They're based a hundred percent in the United States of America. We looked into this. They service only American investors. And they operate the only platform that allows you to buy and sell crypto 24 7, both inside and outside of your tax advantage. IRA. And it all happens on one easy to use dashboard. They also operate a closed loop system, meaning that bad actors can't access your account and steal your money. So if you're considering adding Bitcoin, if you want to, or some other cryptocurrency, your PO portfolio I trusts can be trusted and it's easy to understand. I iTrust Capital dot com or click the link below.


They speak of darkness and danger. But totalitarian novels also give us hope, showing us how to defend our society from the horrors of tyranny. In Hillsdale college's free online course, totalitarian novels, Hillsdale president Larry arn teaches us lessons from classic novels like George Orwell's 1984 that are as relevant today as ever. Sign up now for Hillsdale College's free online course, totalitarian novels@tuckerforhillsdale.com. That's tucker for hillsdale.com.


Did you know you could invest in crypto through your retirement account? That's right. I iTrustCapital allows Americans to invest in over 60 of the most popular cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin in a tax advantaged ira. Take control of your future, get started at i iTrust Capital dot com slash tucker and use the promo code tucker to get a $100 funding bonus. That's i iTrustCapital dot com slash tucker. Paid dad for informational purposes only. Taxes may apply. Crypto is speculative and carries risk of loss. I iTrustCapital does not provide legal investment or tax advice.


It scrambles the gender rules. That's what I notice and that's what upsets me most. 'cause I think everything is built on biology, on nature, and gender roles are a function of nature. And I think if you scramble that, if you confuse that, if you convince people that there's no difference between men and women, like that's when civilization falls, then you have like women fighting your wars. Yeah. You know what I mean? And that's, and gender roles is another one that, again, it goes back to sus, human civilization worked a certain way for thousands of years and it seemed to work. And we went from, you know, mud huts to walking on the moon if you believe we walked on the moon, which I absolutely do.


Boy, You are taking some bold positions This morning. Yeah. That is bold. That is bold. I discovered. I know you're taking on the Entire internet. We, so we went, we went from from there to there with a kind of basic structure, with a basic setup. Gender roles is one of them. There's like this ba they they were so basic, so fundamental that you didn't even, you didn't have a word for it. You know, if you go back to 1700 and use the term gender roles to anyone, they're not gonna have any idea what the hell you're talking about. Even though their entire society is structured around it. Exactly. And, and this is true even now. If you go, if you go outside of the kind of liberal western bubble, which I've done, which I've done once, when what we were doing what, as a woman I went to, we went to Kenya and we talked to the Messai tribe in, in, in Kenya.


Did they Know what a woman was? They did know what a woman was. They were confused by the question, not because they didn't know the answer, but because they couldn't possibly understand why it would even be asked. Right, right. But then I even, I remember a lot of this didn't make it in the movie 'cause it was, it wasn't totally connected. But talking about gender roles with them, and again, they had no idea what that term even meant. But their whole society is completely structured around it. It was, if you are a man, this is what you do. If you're a woman, this is what you do, then that's it. And, and I remember asking one of the, the women, I was in there, in her, her hut, which is actually made of like cow dung and it's a one room hut.


And they all sleep on one bed, you know, mud, mud floor. And she was telling me what she does all day as the woman of the house, which is she takes care of the house, she takes care of the kids. I asked her if she was happy doing this. And she, she laughed at me because it was such a ridiculous question because of course she is. And then I asked about depression, and this might be in the movie. I said, you know, where I come from, there's a lot of people are depressed. And one of the guys said to me, well we don't have that here. We don't, we don't do that. We don't have, we don't have depression. That's not a thing here. And that's not, and you know, of course there's unhappiness.


It's not like a utopia. I wouldn't wanna live there to, to be perfectly clear about it. But you, you do notice that in these societies that are structured around gender roles, there's just, there's a lot of anxiety and hangups that they don't have because they know they have a basic concept of who they are and what they're supposed to do. Well, they're not at war with nature every day. Right. You, you can't beat nature. If, if I go out into a blizzard with my boxer shorts, I don't care what, you know, my resolve level is or my courage. It's like I'm gonna freeze to death because you can't beat nature 'cause it's bigger than you.


'cause God created it. Right? Yeah. And we're, and and, and we are certainly discovering that in this, in this culture. And that's why, you know, you, you could go on TikTok any, which I don't recommend, but you can go on TikTok anytime and you can, it's a whole genre of video now on TikTok where you've got these young women. It's usually, it's usually young women who do these videos, these selfie videos where they're in tears crying because they went out into the working world and they found it so miserable and depressing and empty and they just hate it and they don't wanna work and they don't wanna do it. And they just, and they're in despair over it.


And, and that's, that's exactly what's what's happened. I think we were, we were, you know, the message to women. Wait, so you're not only against gay adoption, you're against women working at banks. Yeah. For the mo where, where Did you get all these opinions? You know, it, it's not the ideal setup. 'cause I, I mean, and just to be clear, I don't, I I think that there, there are families where both parents have to work. I think there are a lot of families where they think both parents have to work, but they don't actually have to. It just depends on what your priorities are and if you're willing to make the sacrifices. I I think most families, if you, you know, I, people say to me all the time, well, I'd love to have, I'd love for it to be one income.


I'd love to homeschool. I'd love to have a family. Like we can't afford it. And I mean, but you went to Harvard and had a big trust fund, it's easy for you to see that. Right? Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. My No, you didn't have any trust fund and you didn't even go to college. Right. And you worked at Blockbuster and then you told me this last night at dinner, had no idea You worked at a couple blockbusters. I did, yeah. Yeah. I was an assistant manager on the bus. Is that true? It was. That's how low their standards were towards the end. It was definitely toward The end. I left Blockbuster and then they went outta business shortly thereafter. So you, you can connect the dots on that one. It's not the Fir by the way, it's not the first company you've worked at that's no longer with us, which is interesting. You are the destroyer, but you, you got, how old are you when you got married?


25. Then your, how long after that did your wife get pregnant with twins? It was about a year, year and a half. Yeah. Did and that point, I assume she was raising the twins, right? Right. Yeah. Yeah. We, we, yeah, I was working, I was making about $40,000 a year at the time. Half that when we first got married. But by the time we had kids, I was making about $40,000 a year. And that was the only income in the family. That Was the only income in the family. And no trust fund at all? No, No, no. I, no, when we, no savings of any kind. You know, this was a time there, there, there was one time I remember I went to the gas station to get gas and my card was declined, got insufficient funds and it, and I, I'm at the gas station, I have no money.


I can't, and the, the gas tank is empty. 'cause like when you're broke, your gas is always almost empty. And so I had no gas. I insufficient funds. And I remember thinking, this is after I had two kids already. This is how broke we were. But I remember thinking, I'm gonna have to ask someone at a gas station for money. I'm gonna have to do this. I can't believe I'm gonna have to. But I didn't. I just started looking under the, under the chair for coins. And I found about like a buck 50 in coins. And I went and paid for gas, a buck 50 worth of gas in coins enough to get home and then we'll figure out the problem. But anyway, the point is, we, we had no money. We were very broke. And you know, money went a little bit farther back then, but not that much farther.


I mean, this was, this wasn't 50 years ago, right? How many years ago was it? This was 11 years ago, Right? It was 11, 11 years ago. All of us remember 11 years ago it was same country. Yeah, It was the same country. And, and we had, so we, we had one, we, we decided we wanted to have one income. We wanted to have a one income family, so family of four on one income. It was not a, it was not a, a high income at all. It can be done. I think in most cases you just have to be willing to make the sacrifices. And a lot of people aren't. And that's fine too because you have to decide on what your priorities are. And So you might say, look, it's a priority to us that we have a big enough house that each person can have their own room.


We don't wanna share rooms for kids. It's a priority to us that we have two cars that we can go on vacation, a nice vacation once a year, that we can have two or three TVs that everyone can have a smartphone with all the plans. And we want to have, you know, we wanna have five different streaming subscriptions and we want to be able to eat out whenever we want. Like that's a priority to us. And great. If that's a priority, then yeah. In, in a lot of cases you're gonna need double income. But if you're willing to say, okay, we're gonna, we're gonna downsize our home, we're gonna share bedrooms, we're gonna have one tv, we're gonna have one car, we're gonna ha we're gonna go on much more modest vacations and, and we're gonna cut things down to the bone a bit because it's worth it to us to be able to keep mom at home and to be able to homeschool or whatever it is.


So I think if you're, if you're willing to say that a lot of people could do it, but Do you think it is worth it? Yeah, abso definitely. Why a hundred percent? Because a lot of the other stuff doesn't matter really. It's like there's no happiness in that. I, I think, I think that's clearly true. On the other hand, you know, it's, it's a drag not having enough money. I've had more than enough money most of my life, but I have had periods where didn't have enough and had to sell stuff. And everyone goes through that and it's a, it's a, it's a bummer. You know? It's, it's, it's very hard, like I said. Yeah. I, i, having gone through it, it's, it, it's, it's really difficult. I, I much prefer having money to not having it, but not at the expense of having someone else raise my kids.


So what's The upside of, you know, making the conscious decision to have the mother of your children raise those children? The downside, I mean, you just, you just described it like you're gonna sacrifice in order to get that. But if you do get that, what do you get? Happiness in the, in the home is a, is a big thing. Not, not perfectly happy. It's not, you're gonna have your, your problems and your struggles. And some of them might, may be financial and there could be some real misery that comes from that. I don't, I don't deny it, but it's just a fundamentally happier home. In my experience, when the children are being raised by their mother, by their parents, the kid, the kids are happier and, and beyond happiness.


You, you can control how your children are raised and you can raise them with a, your value system and maintain that. Which, which is almost impossible if you're putting your kids in public school, let's say it's almost impossible because the kids are gonna, they're gonna spend five days a week, you know, seven hours a day, nine months a year for 12 or 13 years of their formative years not with you or your, or your wife in this government indoctrination center around their peers. And so inevitably they're gonna be absorbing, they're gonna start orienting themselves to the world based on that by looking at their peers.


Not even so much what their teachers are telling them, but what their peers are doing. And that's what's gonna happen. So, so, so at, at a, at a certain point, you're gonna lose, you run the risk that you're just gonna lose them. And that's why you have these parents who turn around and everything they've instilled in their kids seems to have just gone out the window. And I think there's a big reason why, But then we're told that if you don't do that, if you don't submit to the culture, then your kids are outta step with their peers. They're weird. They never quite fit in. They're just weird. They're weird. Is that a risk, is that a meaningful downside?


Like what do you think of that? I don't think it's meaningful. I, weird is, there are bad kinds of weird, but this is a good kind of weird Yes. Yeah. I hear this a lot. People will say, well, How do you socialize Them? Yeah. How do you socialize them? Do you wanna have, do you wanna keep your kid in a bubble? Yes. And it's like, yeah, I do. I I absolutely wanna keep my kids in a bubble. I really do. Not, not, you know, but Are they getting enough porn if they're in that bubble? Right. Well, enough porn, enough time on TikTok, I mean all that, all that sort of thing.


That's, that's the point. You, you are supposed to be providing an environment for your child to grow and develop and mature physically, morally, spiritually, to, to have a childhood, have actual childhood experiences. I hear from people all the time, people my age and older that'd say, oh man, I remember when I was a kid and we were outside, we would run around the woods and we would be outside all the time playing tag. And I just wish my kids had that because kids these days are just on the screens all day. They don't have a real childhood. And I say that your kids can have that. There's no reason why they can't have it. My kids have that. I, I work in media and, and yet my kids have exactly that kind of childhood because we just determined from the beginning that our kids are, they're gonna have a real childhood.


They are going to run outside and scrape their knees and, and climb trees, and that's what they're gonna do. That's the kind of, that's the kind of childhood they should have. And it is possible to have it. The only difference now is that it has to be AdChoices. You know, I think, I think 30 years ago that, that was just a default setting. Well, more Than AdChoices. I mean, you have to organize, well, you're the one with six kids who are homeschooled. So you tell me, but it, it sounds from the outside, like you have to reorganize your entire life around that goal. You do. It doesn't happen naturally. Right, Right. It doesn't happen naturally. That's why I said it has to be a priority if it's an actual priority. If you really are lamenting that kids today don't have a real childhood, which I agree.


I think that many of them don't. And I think it's a horrible tragedy. It really is. But if you really care about that and if it troubles you, then yeah, you have to, you, you have to make, so what if You, I mean, if you don't mind if this is too personal, just, just say, stop being so creepy. And I, and I'll pull back, but if you don't mind, like describe in specific terms the steps that you've taken to protect your children and allow them a childhood in, in a world that would deny them one. Like what have you done? Well, it starts with what We don't send 'em to public school. You know, we, we have always homeschooled from the beginning, so that's a big step. They don't have phones.


They don't have access to any screens except for our family tv. We have a family tv. We don't do, there's a policy my wife and I have had since the beginning is we don't do screens behind. There will be no screens in a room that has a door on it. So we have one TV and it's in a very public area of the house where anyone can hear it when they walk in and, and that's it. So I, we do have that, like, our kids can watch tv. They can't watch it all day, but they can watch it and we're gonna know anything that they watch, you know, they're not gonna just sit there on the TV and choose something. Tell us what you wanna watch. If it's something I've never heard of, well you're not watching that until I can watch it first.


And they don't have any internet access in at all. You know, no phones, no tablets, nothing like that. Laptop. No laptop, no, no computer at all. And our oldest kids are almost 12 now. The, the only exception we make is if we go on long car rides, which for us is four hours plus, then we have tablets that are four, the car, four hour plus car ride. There's no internet on it. It's books and like educational games. And, and the tablets have that. And in the car, if it's four plus hours, you can use those tablets. And then when we get to our destination, we're taking the tablets back.


And I, and I've, and I've, and I've noticed this, that, that even this, this little bit of access to this, that kind of technology that we do give to our kids in the car in this Really, yeah. In this really specific scenario. You see how this, it just has this pull on them. Yeah. And it becomes a, and especially if it's one, you know, we, we sometimes go places. It's a 15 hour, 16 hour ride over a couple of days. So during that time they do have the tablets for a while. And when we get there, it's almost like a detox. Yeah. They, they, they're, they're just, they're, they're jonesing for the tablet. It's like giving them one jelly bean. They want more. Right. Exactly. Exactly. And I had, and I've had to take a, you know, what some people would consider extreme steps to get them over that.


How, how extreme? Well, to me it's not extreme. 'cause this is like what my dad would've done, but I remember it was last year, we had just come back from a long car ride. And so we took the tablets away and then my, my son who was seven at the time freaked out. Like he, he want, he started screaming that he wanted his tablet. Yeah. And I said, no, we don't, we're not that family. We don't, we don't have seven year olds screaming about tablets. We're not gonna do that. And so I I said, come here bud, come over here. I brought him over to the, where our trash can is in the kitchen. And I said, here's where the tablet's going. It's in the trash. And, and that's it. We're throwing it away. You're not getting it back.


Did He have a funeral for it? You know, emotionally in his heart he did. Yes, he was, he was shocked. I mean, he was, he was distraught, but we threw it away and I didn't give it back to him. It, it went in the trash. And like a year later he got a, a new one for the car And he freaked out and about 10 minutes later he was fine. And he was running around outside using a stick, like a lights saber or whatever. But It shows you why most parents, despite I think, wanting to do what you do, I do think a lot of parents will hear this and say, man, I would like to do that, or I should have done that. But the reason they don't is the pushback from the kids is really intense.


Denying kids electronics, denying them what all of their peers, what all their friends have. Like, it's, it's hard. It is hard. It is hard. And, and especially if it, it's easier, we have it a little bit easier because our kids are homeschooled and most of their friends are like homeschool Christian families. And most of them are on the same page. Not all of them, but most of them are. And that just, it does make it easier. It certainly does. If if your kid's in public school, it's gonna be a lot harder because they are, they're, there's a whole culture, you know, that comes outta these, outta the screens, outta the, the di the devices. There's a language that comes out of it. And when I, when I see one of my kids, like one of the 12 year olds or the, or the 8-year-old around one of their peers who are not part of the homeschool community, but just like a, you know, a, a kid from public school or something.


The difference is, is stark. It really is in, in every way you can. Just the way that they speak, like I said, they have a different language that they pick up the way that they carry themselves. I think a lot of these kids are a lot more just sort of jaded and cynical. They seem a lot harder to impress. They're overstimulated. Yes. They're not interested in things outside of the screen. You know, my son, my 12-year-old son is, and I was the same way when I was, when I was his age. I'm, I'm still this way, I, but He goes through these phases where he becomes really obsessed with a certain topic and it changes.


It'll, it'll change every four to six months. He picks a new topic that he's just obsessed with. It's the only thing he cares about is this topic. And it could be anything from, you know, he went through a phase where, where he was obsessed with India, native American, where it could be Lord of the Rings, it could be anything space, you know, he did a dinosaur thing as a lot of boys do. And anyway, so when he's around his friends or he is around other kids, he wants to talk about whatever that is. He wants to talk about this, this thing that he is really interested in. And he'll learn everything there is to know about it. He'll end up knowing more about the subject than I do. I'm learning from him about it.


But he'll be around these other kids And he wants to, that's what he wants to talk about. He wants to talk about, Hey, lemme tell you this really interesting thing I learned. And with some of these kids, they'll look at him like, he's like, he's weird. You know, because that's just not, they don't do that. They, they wanna talk about, you know, the Minecraft movie or, or whatever, you know,


sorry To hurt your feelings, but the idea you have any privacy online at all is not true. Big tech monitors everything you do on your phone, your laptop, even on your television. How's that paranoid inducing? It's a total invasion of privacy. And of course, it's an end of your freedom once they're done spying on you. Data brokers create profiles with records of your movements that they sell to the highest bidder. This is how advertisers, scammers, even the government, the NSA, get ahold of your information. Again, not to make you paranoid, but it's real. You can stop all of this immediately and you can do it with a product called Express VPN. It's an app that reroutes a hundred percent of your online traffic through. Secure encrypted servers helps you hide your IP address. No one can see what you do online and nobody invades your privacy. Super easy to use one click, one subscription works in up to eight devices at a time. There's a reason. It's the number one rated VPN by the tech ex tech experts at the Virgin cnet. We use it here. You get an extra four months for free when you use this show's link. Scan the QR code on the screen or go to ExpressVPN dot com slash tucker and get four extra months of ExpressVPN for free. ExpressVPN dot com slash tucker.


XXXY Athletics is the only athletic brand taking a stand for free speech and women's sports. 80% of Americans agree that women's sports are for women only Too few speak out. But you can make a difference. Wear XXXY athletics and take a stand for truth in women's sports. XXXY athletics makes everything from t-shirts to premium workout gear. Don't give your money to woke brands that sell women out. Head to the truth fits.com. Use code Tucker 20 for 20% off@thetruthfits.com. That's Tucker 20 for 20% off@thetruthfits.com.


Tucker says it best. Their credit card companies are ripping Americans off and enough is enough. This is Senator Roger Marshall of Kansas. Our legislation, the Credit Card Competition Act would help in the grip Visa and MasterCard have on us. Every time you use your credit card, they charge you a hidden fee called a swipe fee. And they've been raising it without even telling you. This hurts consumers and every small business owner. In fact, American families are paying $1,100 in hidden swipe fees each year. The fees Visa and MasterCard charge Americans are the highest in the world, double candidates and eight times more than Europe's. That's why I've taken action. But I need your help to help get this passed. I'm asking you to call your senator today and demand they pass the credit card Competition Act Paid for by the Merchants Payments Coalition, not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee, www.merchantspaymentscoalition.com.


What do you think of video games? Yeah, I, I've gotten a lot of trouble with some, some in my audience. You're not allowed To criticize video games for marijuana. Those are the two things I'm not allowed to criticize. You really can't. You really can't. Which, which to me only validates a lot of the criticisms that people are that attached to it. Because here's, here's my thing with video games, I, I don't think there's anything intrinsically wrong with them. We don't, we don't do video games with our kids because it's a screen-based activity. And we've just decided that we're not, our kids are not gonna have a childhood dominated by screens. And so we're just not gonna do that. That's a decision that we made, but there's nothing intrinsically wrong with them.


I, I think I would, a lot of the, the gamers, they'll, they'll, anytime I I offer some mild criticism of, you know, video games or Anything. What, what's your mild criticism? It's not about the game itself. It's about, it's about the attachment to it. You know, it's about, it's about revolving your whole life around it. And so the, when we get into this conversation, the video game fans will say to me, well, this is no different. You know, you're a football fan, which I am. I'm a big NFL fan. And they say, well what's, what's the difference between playing a video game and watching football on a Sunday afternoon?


And I think that's a valid point. I think that there probably is little difference. I think there's a little bit of a difference, but not much. And I would say the same thing about being a sports fan, that it, it's fine to like sports. I do. I love football. It shouldn't dominate your life. And there are people out there who, it, it just dom their sports fandom is the central thing about them. It's their whole personality. And that's excessive. That should not be your personality. You know, your, your affinity for some group of guys playing a game should not be your personality. It shouldn't be your identity. And I, and I, and that's my point about video games. That's it. So that's why I say it's a very mild criticism. You wanna play the games, that's fine.


You don't need my permission. But it should not be the central fact of your life. It shouldn't be your number one priority. You shouldn't have an a a a, an attachment to it. You shouldn't have a, you know, a a a, an excessive attachment to it. That's it. And, and I think that's pretty reasonable. You know, Why are people touchy about that? People are, they, they, it's part of the culture. People take their, people take their entertainment and their recreation very seriously. And I think for a lot of people, it just, that is their, the central fact of their identity.


And so they kind of take it personally. They take it as a personal attack, which is not how I mean it. Where are you on marijuana? I, I think it's awful. I think it's terrible. I I used to have a more kind of libertarian view of it. Yeah. If you were to go back 10 years, 15 years. My view was, I don't like it personally. But You were never a weed smoker. I, I've had it. I've never been years and years and years ago. Not, not, not in adulthood. It's not for me. It's not for me. But, and my view used to be, well, it's not for me, but probably all this, I, I kind of bought into the war on drugs thing and all this money that we're spending to try to stop people from smoking.


It is a waste. And so it should probably just be legal even if I don't like it. There's this argument from the marijuana fans that, well, it's no different from, than than alcohol. And we know how prohibition of alcohol worked out. And so if we're gonna allow people to go out and get a drink, why shouldn't they be able to go out? Worked Out pretty well, I think. I think cirrhosis deaths went way down, didn't they? I mean, they did. Yeah. I, yeah. So I'm not, I'm not convinced by the argument for that reason, I'm also not entirely convinced that alcohol and marijuana are, are comparable for, for one thing. And alcohol can be really bad. And it, there's addiction and it destroys, it can destroy families and lives.


Alcohol is though, at least a more social, it's a social lubricant. So if you're with a group of people and you're, you're having a drink, it can help you have kind of loosen up. You have a better time as long as you're not being excessive. Now, if somebody gets trashed, then it kind of ruins the time for everyone. And that can happen. I think marijuana is not like that. It's, it, it, it, it kind of turns you inward. It makes you antisocial, you know? So if you're sitting around a table with some people and a couple of them are drinking a beer, even if you're not drinking, you can have a perfectly nice time.


But if you're sitting around a table and a couple of the people are stoned, it's like, that's, it's lame. You don't even wanna talk to that person. They have nothing to contribute. Yeah. Does seem to isolate people. Yeah. I think it's isolating. I think it turns you, I think it turns you inward, but regardless of all that, my, my, my opinion was, yeah, it should probably just be legal. But I also believe in when you get new data, you get new facts. You need to analyze them. You need to be willing to change your mind. We have legalized it in many places across the country in many cities. And I've been to these cities as many of us have, where, where weed is now, it's like cigarettes.


Were 30 years ago. Everybody's smoking. And I think the early returns are not good. You don't think Denver, New York are pretty great. I really don't. I think they're quite, it's, it's quite terrible. It's not all because of weed, but just the experience of walking around everybody's high it wreaks of weed everywhere. How has this made anyone's life better? That's my question. That's what I want to know. I, I'd be willing to adjust my view on this. And I've asked this question before, I haven't gotten a satisfactory answer, but we've made weed legal in a lot of these places. In what way has it imp, has it imp, has it measurably improved life anywhere now that it's legal?


Well, I don't know. I mean, it's degraded people to the point where they're very easy to control. Don't you think that's an upside? So if you're like running a criminal enterprise posing as a government, and you don't want people to rebel violently against you, then you give them drugs. So they won't. And if I was, if I was in a position of power or politically, then maybe I'd feel that way. But for me, that That does like, take three steps back. Like what is this? The whole population is like adult with something. You know, ladies are on benzos, the kids are on amphetamines, the young men are on weed. Yeah. Like no one's in his right mind, but everybody's kind of grooving out to his own music and testosterone levels have just like dropped through the floor.


And so probably not gonna have an insurrection when everyone's high. Right? Yeah. It makes people compliant, it makes them apathetic even more than I think people just sort of naturally are these days. And of course, in reality, these are all bad things. So it kind of goes back to how has it made anyone's life better? And, and I don't know. I'm, I'm a I'm, I'm a simple person. Maybe I can be guilty of being simplistic sometimes. So if that's the case, then guilty as charged. But to me it's like, I think a policy is bad if it makes people's lives worse and doesn't improve anything.


What If it works in theory? What if it's a beautiful theory? Well, theories are great then we, it's then we could talk about it. It then it's a lot of fun to talk about. It's like that, That famous, the daal line, which I think is probably fake. We know it works in practice. The question is does it work in theory? Yeah. And that If you feel like that's in, in operation in the United States, it's like, well, you know, people have the right to X, y, or Z, therefore we're doing this. And it's like, actually that's a disaster. But people have a right. You know what I mean? It's like there's no reference point in reality there. It's just like the theory makes sense, let's go With it. Yeah. And I, and that's why I increasingly, I I, when people start talking about their rights, it it, it doesn't mean a lot to me.


I, I don't even know what people mean when they say it. You know, I'm not trying to be pedantic, but the next time someone says, well, I have a right to this. Just ask them, what do you mean you have a right to it? What does that mean? Oh, I Know. They, they really have no, they don't know what they're saying. I think the vast majority of people talking about their rights, if you ask them to define the word right, they would not be able to do it. Define Anywhere. What's white supremacy? What's racism? What's, what's antisemitism, what is any, what word used as a, to make people be quiet and control them. No one ever is forced to define what the term means. Right. In fact, there are even laws that I'm aware, you know, around those questions that are laws, they carry punishments and, and the term is never defined.


Yeah. I just, I feel like this is a trend where language isn't used to communicate, it's used to control, and therefore it has to remain not fully defined. Right. And that's why I think all I can do in response to that is if it's one of these terms that doesn't mean anything anymore. Yeah. Then it, then it, it's not persuasive to me in an argument. Right. It, it, it's a term that has become not useful. And it, it may have been useful at a time. It may even be a term that used to have a definition or should have a definition. Right. But there are a lot of terms that are just not useful anymore in a conversation because they don't clarify anything.


Don't what, what? Well, right. You know, rights. That's one. It's just not a, it's not a, it, I'm not saying rights don't exist. I'm saying it's not a useful term in a conversation most of the time because when somebody says, oh, I have a right to this, I don't know what they mean by that. And I think they don't know what they mean by that. Right. Well, I don't Think they care Actually. Yeah. And, and, and, but also racism, white supremacy, antisemitism, any, any of the, the isms, these are all, these are not useful terms anymore because, you know, we were calling someone racist. That doesn't tell me anything about him. Actually, it could be if you're, if you're pointing to a guy saying, that guy's racist, maybe he thinks that all black people are inferior and should be enslaved, that's racist.


So maybe that's what you're telling me about him. But you could be trying to tell me that that's a guy who understands that, you know, young black males are disproportionately violent and he's, And he has pointed that out. So you could be using the term to describe that also, which is not actually racist at all. So when you say racist, I don't know what you mean. So it's just, it's not a useful term. You need to be more specific. Well, It means something I don't like. Right. Like something that gets in my way. Right. There's, there's, yeah. Exactly. There you're saying there's something about that guy that I don't like. Yeah. I, I want this thing and you're between me and this thing, and how do I get you out of my way? How do I incapacitate or destroy you so I can get what I want?


You're racist or any of those other terms. Right. You're in the way. Exactly. I should have asked you this, but I'm interested, if you don't mind, what is your spiritual practice at home like? You, you educate your children, your, So you and your wife, I assume your wife primarily educates your children, but as head of head of household, how do you think about your requirements as like the spiritual leader of your home? Yeah. Well, we're Catholic, so, and we pr we pray together Every night as a family, which I think is, is, and we can get lazy about that. I think a lot of families do, but I think it's really important. It doesn't have to be anything, you know, it doesn't need to be a two hour routine, but, but You say your prayers before bed, right?


Yeah. As a family. All all of you. All eight of you. Yeah. Well, not the babies, the two year olds. They, they get out of it for now, but, we'll, we'll, But basically you've got a whole congregation. Yeah, we Do. Yeah. On, on, you know, it's, I think it's important to be on your knees. Th this is just a, a bodily physically. Yeah, physically on our knees. And you know why? Because it's a, it's a, it's a, a, a symbol of humility and submission before God. Now, you don't have to be, be on your knees to pray. There's, there's a perfectly valid prayer if you're not on your knees. But if you can, I think you should be. And I think it's a good, and I think it's a good image for the kids to see.


It's a good image. It's a good, i it's good for my kids to see me on my knees praying. It's good for them to see that. Why? Because to my kids, I am the authority figure in the home. I don't answer to anybody in the home. I don't have to ask anyone's permission for anything. And I, I, I'm ultimately like the source of discipline in the home as the father, as I should be. But for them to see that, oh, even, even that guy, even dad who in the home, you know, this is his castle, but even he is showing submission and obedience and humility toward, towards some power above him.


I think that's a really yes, powerful image for, for my kids to have and that I had with my, with my own dad growing up. So, so we do that. And I think this is also, I think I'm, I'm at the point where my, it's kinda like my, my, my whole ideology, my political ideology at this point is that I want my kids to go to heaven. I want my kids to go to heaven. And I want them, I want them to be good and happy people. That's what I want. So everything that we do in the home, and we're not perfect. We don't get this right perfectly, not even close to it.


But everything we do in the home should be tailored towards that end to help our kids be good and happy people. And, and that's also, those are the policies that I support. You know, I, I, I, this is, this is that, that's my, that's my, those are my politics now. Sounds like Christian nationalism, man. Guilty as charged. I'm a nationalist. I'm Christian. So Another term I never heard to find. Well, that's, wow. What an interesting way to frame it. What a, what a great way to frame it. What do you think of as your duties as a husband and father?


I think it's provide, you know, I, I'm, I'm, we talked about gender roles. So I, I do believe that the father should be the provider in more ways than one. You know, you're providing financially, like bringing home the bacon is a, is is a really important part of that. And I think that the father should do that. But you're also providing safety, security. You're Protecting Protecting. And it, it, it, and, and that, you know, I know when you say that, it sounds like, well, that's, that's easy. 'cause like what, what are the, what are the chances that I'm actually gonna have to fight off some bad guy that breaks into the house?


It's not, it could happen. It's not impossible. They're increasingly high, actually. Yeah. Increasingly high. But I haven't had to do it yet. And maybe I'll never have to do, I hope I never have to do it. But, but, but it's not just about that. You know, as a man, you should be, I believe, a, a a a stabilizing presence to your family. Like when they're around you, they should just feel safer and calmer and not necessarily 'cause they're worried that a bad guy's gonna be. There's, that's part of it. But it's not just that. Like they're, they're, the world's a confusing place. The world is a dark place. Everyone has anxieties.


And when you are there, they should just feel calmer and better having you around. And if something goes wrong, if there's, you know, the shit hits the fan, there's, there's a problem. They should be able to know that, okay, well thank God Dad's here, or, thank God my husband's here. And I think that's, that's one of the, the, the central duties of, of a father. Which, which means, which means that, you know, we've gotten away from, and in large part in this society, we've gotten away from, we, we don't talk about stoicism as a virtue anymore at all. No one really talks about that. I, I happen to believe in it a lot.


I may take it a little bit too far. I, you know, I, I maybe I air too much in that direction, but I, If you had cancer, you wouldn't tell anybody. Correct. I admire that. If, yeah, I, I, i, if I was, it's easy to say, but I think if I was dying of cancer right now, you would not know. And I would never tell anybody why? 'cause it's not your burden.


Everybody knows a good night's sleep is super important. It's actually one of the most important things you can do for your health and your sanity. And that's why we are excited to tell you about something that really helps Beams. Dream Powder. It's proudly an American product. It's run by Americans, people who share the values that you have, hard work, integrity, delivering results. It's science backed, it's healthy, it's a blend pack with ingredients clinically shown to improve sleep without poisoning you. So you wake up refreshed and ready to take on the day. A good sleep really does make a big difference. Dreamers, we have with a blend of all natural ingredients, including melatonin. It's designed to help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up feeling not with a drug type hangover, but feeling great and pure and refreshed. Plus it tastes good. It's already improved over a ha 17.5 million. It's hard to read that. 'cause really 17.5 million nights of sleep, people across the country wake up feeling ready for their day. Beam is giving our listeners, you The best guest discount, up to 47% off in honor of our 47th President, Donald Trump. So try Dream Powder. Get up to 47% off for a limited time. Go to shop Beam BEA m.com/tucker. Use the code tucker at checkout shop Beam dot com slash tucker. The code tucker for up to 47% off in honor of President Trump, an American company, a great product.


The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And DraftKings Sportsbook has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA. Make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the DraftKings sportsbook app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dk g.co/audio.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock, LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast. Terms apply.


I have seen this firsthand, including recently, and I vehemently agree with you, and I think it's a, I think it's a generous specific thing. I think that's a man's burden. Oh, absolutely Not wine. Yeah. But I, and I, again, I I've seen it in a very profound way. It changed my life actually seeing it, but I haven't thought through why it's important. But I know that it is, it sounds like you have thought through why that's important. Why is it? Well, it goes back to what I said, that you, that as the man, you should be a stabilizing protective force in the house. You should be a calming force in the house for your family. You should be relieving their anxieties to the extent that you can.


I, if you are verbalizing all of your many complaints and your anxieties, then you've inverted that, you know, now, now you're looking to your wife and your children Exactly. To, to sort of carry that burden forward. It's your emotional support animals. Right, Right. And and you're, you're turning to them to carry this. That's totally right. And I just, I don't, I don't believe in that. And I think that That it, it, it is, it's just different, you know, women, it's, it's not the same for a woman. I think that women have, are much more relational. Women share. They're, you know, they're feminine.


It's, it's, we used to say the fair, gentler sex. And so it's just a different thing. And, and, and I also think for women, now, most women I think, have been conditioned that, that they aren't allowed to say out this part out loud, but I think it's true that they also don't really want a man who's gonna complain and, and open up to them too much. And I know they, they Can, can you say that one more time? They don't Wanna manage a higher volume, because I think that people need to, men need to hear this, Right? It women will, we have been conditioned to believe that opening up and sharing your emotions is just a good thing. Crying In front of your girlfriend. Right. She really wants you to cry.


That's what we've been told. And your and your girlfriend might, might tell you that. She might tell you, oh, you know what? I really want you to open up more. But what's she thinking inside? Right. He's such a bitch. Yes. That's why you ne never cry in front of your wife or your girlfriend. Like never. I mean, in the rarest of cases, you have a, you have a, a a, a close family member dies. That's one thing, your daughter walking down the aisle. But other than that, just never cry in front of them. Especially not because you are stressed out, because you are just dealing with some kind of anxiety, you know?


And, and people think that this is extreme or they, or they wanna pretend that, well, if women can cry, the men can cry. But just, I, I like, like imagine a scenario, you know, let's say you're in the car and it's, the weather gets really bad and then you get lost. Maybe the GPS goes out and, and you're lost. Weather's bad. It's really stressful. One of those stressful things. It's the, it's dark. You know, it would not be uncommon in that scenario for if you're with your wife, she might start crying. Like, she's very nervous. She starts crying. Oh my gosh, we're lost. What are we gonna do?


And that, that would not be an uncommon thing. And as a man, you don't think less of your wife for that. Hopefully you're, you're there to comfort her and say, no, I got this. We're gonna be fine. We got it. Now, you as the man, if you started crying because you're stressed out and lost and it's dark and it's raining and you don't know where you're going, and your wife saw that, she will never look at you the same way again. She will always remember that, she'll remember the time when it was stressful, and she needed you to take over and be in control and figure it out. And you started crying like a little bitch. She will always remember it. And I think we, again, I think we all intuitively understand that.


We understand that it's, it's okay in that scenario, for the woman to cry is normal for the man to cry. It's ridiculous. It's shameful. But it's interesting that you, you said at the outset, we've been told the opposite. And it's almost like, it's not almost like it is that all the ingredients in a successful marriage and family and In fact in a successful life, have been systematically targeted by the people in charge and their proxies for destruction. So like, everything you need to know to have a successful life has been undermined. Like, no, you definitely cry in front of your wife, like, show your feelings. No, she should go get a higher paying job than you.


Like, you should do more of the housework. Like, you need to be the woman actually in the relationship. No, it's totally fine to spend all Saturday playing video games while getting high or whatever. Like, we're getting not just like three degrees off, good advice, but we're getting 180 degrees opposite advice. It's like our soci, I'm not, it's not like our society has been targeted intentionally for destruction. And I'm wondering why, where does that come from? If you read The Feminine Mystique by Betty Friedan, which came out I think in the early sixties, you know, over 50 years ago, that book is like a recipe for destroying a society.


And yet it was promoted. That's sort of the, the root of modern feminism. What is that? Is it spiritual? Are these like spiritual forces working to destroy the west? Are they, what? Do you have any clue It, it's so comprehensive. Yeah. Everything you've said is the opposite of what your kids are taught. Yeah. In school. It's, it's, it's certainly a spiritual attack. This, this all feels demonic because it is, in my opinion, it's also, it's, it's all an effort, I think to dis to destroy the family, to, to upend the fundamental societal institution, which is the family.


Because all of the, you know, nefarious forces that want to control us, wanna control what we do, control what we think, control what our children think. The family is an enemy. To them, the family is the one thing standing in the way. Yeah. And so it, it's all about destroying the family. Even even the, the, the things that seem little, like it's okay to cry in front of your wife. No, it's not. It's not. And, and that, again, that's an attack on the family. Because if, if a man takes that advice and starts act acting feminine and emotional, it, it's gonna hurt his marriage, it might destroy his marriage.


Yes. And so that's the ultimate goal. And, and I think a lot of it, I mean, you mentioned feminism. I think a lot of this does go back to feminism. I think that Was way more, way more destructive than any plague in history. Well, Feminism by far, in a way, is the most destructive ideology in human history. It's not even close. I Agree with that. Why do you say that? Well start with the body count, 60 million dead babies since row just in this country. And if we're talking worldwide, you know, hundreds of millions. But in this country, 60 million children were killed by through abortion, which is the feminist sacrament.


So you, you really, you don't need to even need to go beyond that. That's, that's kind of enough, I think, to make the point. But of course, you can, ever since feminism took hold, divorce rates have skyrocketed, birth rates have plummeted. I mean, we're watching the, the, the disintegration of the family unit in real time. And people are un are, are less happy. They're unhappy. I mean, as, as much as there's this cliche kind of image of the 1950s housewife who you know, was, was, was depressed. And, and you know, it was all the Hollywood films are always like with this, with this image of the, the, the housewife was depressed and she was on whatever drugs secretly.


And, you know, the, the husband was off having sex with the secretary. And most of that is just Hollywood. It's a Hollywood cartoon. And in reality, it's kind of the opposite now, is when all that is happening that the wom women are depressed, anxiety riddled on antidepressants. Men too. So birth rates plummeting, 60 million dead babies, divorce rates skyrocketed. People are unhappy. They're on antidepressants. You know, I, I you don't need to go much farther than that.


No, You don't. So let's say you're emerging from adolescence into the world. You're describing now you're 18, 18-year-old male American born. What's your program? What's your advice to that, to that kid? How do you make your way in this world? What do you do? How do you live a happy, meaningful life that gets you in the, in the end to heaven? Given that, you know, you're facing these cultural headwinds? What would you do if you're 18 right now? I would, I would do the same thing that I, I, a version of what I did. Do.


You know, the roadmap is the same. Some of the obstacles are different. Some of the challenges are harder. Not all of them. In some ways. It's, you know, there, there are some, there are some things that are easier about today than, than 300 years ago, certainly. So a lot of the challenges might be different. But the, the basic path is the same. And you can't give up on it because to give up on it is, is despair. I mean, that's just giving up. So hold fast to your faith, number one. Number two, figure out what your vocation is.


You know, and, and you know, you'll, you'll have a professional vocation, something you're supposed to be doing with your life. And go and pursue that no matter what it is. And no matter how hard it is. And also keep in mind that if you're 18 years old, and I say this to younger guys all the time, in many ways, I'm, I'm, I, I admit, I'm quite happy that I'm not 18 years old, 20 years old in this environment. I am happy for that. And I'm certainly happy, thank God that I'm already married. Certainly. But you do have one huge advantage, one enviable advantage, which is that, which is the same advantage that that, that every young man has had. That you are, you're young, you're hopefully physically healthy.


You're not married, you have no kids, you have no dependents. So you can, it's very low stakes. And you can go anywhere and try anything, right? Like you don't, if, if, if you're looking around and saying, well, there are no jobs in my town. I can't find any jobs. Go to a different town, go anywhere. You can go any, if you end up living in your car for a week or two months, it's not great. That sucks. But you, you can do that. 'cause it's just you. Now for me, when I, I got six kids, so if things fall apart for me, it, it's much higher stakes.


And it's not as simple as I can't just like go anywhere and try to do anything at this point. I can't just like, okay, well I'll go get a job at McDonald's. It's not gonna work. I got all these kids to take care of. But for you, you, you can go anywhere and do anything, and you can take risks. And if it doesn't work out, it, it'll be hard, but it won't be disastrous. So that's one thing. And and that's your per whatever your professional vocation is. But there's the personal vocation that I think for all men is the same, which is that every man is called to be a father. Every man. For most men that will come in the form of biological fatherhood.


Not all. There are other forms of fatherhood. There's spiritual fatherhood. I think some men are called to religious life. If you're Catholic, called to the priesthood, you don't get married. But you're, you, you are still a father in a spiritual sense. But every man is called to fatherhood in some sense. No man, no man is called to, to live for himself only. And serve only himself. No man is called to live a life where they go to work, come home, play video games, have no one depending on them, no one that they love. No one is called to that life. So go and pursue that. You know, go pursue that and go pursue it fearlessly and know what you're looking for and realize that there, there are a lot of women who are also looking for the same thing.


I hear from conservative Christian men all the time saying, I'm a conservative. I'm Christian. There are no good women left. Yes, there are no, there are no women out there who share my values constantly. You hear that. But then I also hear from women all the time who are conservative Christian saying, I'm conservative, I'm Christian. There are no good men. There are no men who share my values. And I'm like, well, you know, you guys, you, you're both out there. You, you both exist. I know you're out there. So you just have to pursue it and pursue it fearlessly and know what you're looking for. And, and, and don't waste your time as a man. Like, don't waste your time with women who, you know, don't share your fundamental values.


When I, when I met my, my wife, we got engaged. A six months later we got engaged. So it was a quick, it was quick. And we talked about, on our first date, we talked about everything. We talked about, religion, politics, everything. Just got it all out in the open. Because at that point we were both, you know, I was 25, she was 24. But so young. You were getting old. Yeah. But by today's standards, that's, that's, you know, young to, to be getting married. But we didn't wanna, we just didn't wanna waste time. Like what's the, what's the point? If we, if we have, if we, if our fundamental values don't align, then this, this can only end in heartbreak.


So there's no point. I'm not gonna waste my time. I'm not gonna waste two years of my life dating this person when there's no future. And I know for a fact that the heartbreak is coming. It's the only way it can end. And I'm just delaying it for no apparent reason. I'm not gonna do that. So we laid all that out really early on, and people ask like, well, how do you know that someone's values aligned with yours? Ask them. I mean, that's, that's one way to find out. Now somebody can lie. But you could weed out a lot of people just by asking. And then, and then after you've done that and you go to the Polygraph stage, right?


Polygraph. Well, that's where dating comes in. And you kind of, you, you of course you get to know them a little bit. It doesn't have to be that long. You don't need to date them for five years. It doesn't take that long to get to know someone, to, to know what they're really about, I think. And if somebody's a total fraud, if they're a terrible person, most people are not good at hiding it. Like I think most of us can tell, I can talk to someone for two hours or less. Of course I can talk to someone for 20 minutes easily. And if you're dating someone for six months, that's more than enough time. I mean, all the time you spend with them, it's more than enough time to figure out what they're really about.


So, and it's still possible. And, and, and, and my, my, that's my main message to, to young men is that, you know, there's this kind of, what do they call it? Tal men go their own way movement online among like some right wing men in the what they, the mano sphere. What does that mean? Men go their own way? I, I I guess it, it basically means the whole system is rigged against men. And the family courts are rigged. Yeah. Everything's rigged. It's all true. Which is true. Yeah, that's true. I don't deny it. What I deny is their conclusion, which is that it's hopeless. Men just need to go their own way.


Do their own thing. Like, like, go be gay. I don't think that they would Sounds pretty gay to me. To me it does. To me it does. I think in practice, I don't know if it involves that in practice, I think often in practice it just means go get a job, live your life on your own, and give up on the hope with no girls. Yeah. Gi give up on the hope of, of, of ever like, having a, a happy marriage. 'cause it's not possible. So wake up by yourself every day. Exactly. That sounds like a lot of fun. That's d that's and that's despair. That is, oh, it's Also, it's also weak. I mean, look, I think everything is rigged against men, obviously, particularly white men, obviously. But okay then, you know, you've had tough tasks before.


Like make it your, your job, your duty to, to help fix it. Like give the, give the middle finger to the people who are oppressing you and be happy. Build a great happy life. Have decent children. Like that's the greatest possible. Yeah. Counter Attack. I think that's, That's exactly right. And that's exactly the right message is when someone says, well, everything's rigged, it's not fair. It's really hard. I might fail. Right? Okay. Yeah. But that's the answer. But yeah. Yes, you're right. Okay. What now, now that we've established that, now that we've established how bad it is, which we have, what now?


What's next? What are you gonna do tomorrow? Now we, we, we're all on the same page. It's rigged. It sucks. It's bad. Exactly. I hate it. I wish it wasn't this way. And yeah. Even after everything I just said, you could still get married and somehow you end up with a sociopath who was able to hide it, which I think is rare, but it can happen. And then you have kids and she cheats on you. And she takes the kids, she ruins your life. Yep, Yep. I've seen all that. Yep. That can happen. Yep. Okay. Now that we've established all of that, when you wake up in the morning tomorrow, what are you gonna do? What are you gonna do with that information? What are you actually gonna do with your life? You're Gonna say to yourself, I'm not afraid.


'cause I'm a man, I could hit by a bus. I could, I could. A LS like the number of bad endings that are possible in your life is just like limitless. And by the way, the end will be bad. Like, you're gonna die in pain and afraid. Okay. We know that. But knowing all of that, you still like have to be courageous and just jump face first into it anyway. I mean, that's kind of the whole point, right? Right. And es especially when you have kids, once you have kids, the possibility of tragedy, I increases exponentially. Oh yeah. Well, I mean now, now you, 'cause before it was like all the tragic things that can happen to you now. It's what are all the tragic things that can happen to my kids?


Oh yeah. And then time's that by however many kids you have. Yeah. And then you've got your wife and it's like, there are so many horrible ways that this could go Oh Yeah. In May. In May, right. But, but then, but then if any of that happens, what's the end result? The end result is, could be misery and despair. Okay. So then your solution is just to embrace misery and despair at the outset. Yeah. Don't be because you're afraid that it might happen. I agree. And I, and I, by the, and you know, I would rather for me, if I'm gonna end up miserable and in some tragic scenario, which I hope doesn't happen, I, I'd rather it be because I went out and like lived a life.


It's one of the saddest things about this country. The country's getting sicker despite all of our wealth and technology. Americans aren't doing well overall. Obesity, heart disease, autoimmune conditions, all kinds of horrible chronic illnesses, weird cancers, they're all on the rise. Probably a lot of reasons for this. But one of them definitely is Americans don't eat very well anymore. They don't eat real food. Instead they eat industrial substitutes and it's not good. It's time for something new. And that's where Masa chips come in. Masa has decided to revive real food by creating snacks. How they used to be made, how they're supposed to be made it. A masa chip has just three simple ingredients, not 117 three, no seed oils, no artificial additives, just real delicious food. And I know this 'cause we eat a ton of them in my house. And by the way, I feel great. So you can still continue to snack, but you can do it in a healthy way with chips without feeling guilty about it. Maa chips are delicious. They taste how a tortilla chip is supposed to taste. But the thing is, you can hit 'em really, really hard. And I have, and not feel bloated or sluggish after you feel like you've done something decent for your body. You don't feel like you got a head injury or you don't feel filled with guilt. You feel light and energetic. It's the kind of snack your grandparents ate worth bringing back. So you can go to maa chips.com, MAs MASA, by the way, maa chips.com/tucker to start snacking. Get 25% off. We enjoy 'em. You will too.


Big tech is a bull in a China shop. Big tech is taking advantage of outdated federal regulations that just might put local TV and radio stations out of business. It's time to modernize Washington's restrictions on TV and radio station ownership. Visit nab.org/modernize the rules and tell policymakers to let local stations compete this message paid for by the National Association Of Broadcasters.


Well, you are gonna end up miserable in some tragic scenario at some point. That's just a fact like that. We shouldn't hide that from ourselves actually. Like that's gonna something horrible's gonna happen to you for sure. You're gonna get the diagnosis, someone who loves gonna get the diagnosis or worse. And the whole point is, you know, you're dad, you're not afraid. Yeah. Right. I mean, you're running toward the sound of gunfire, not away from it. That's like your whole role. Yeah. I, I totally agree that that's, that's of all the unpopular messages that we've talked about, that's probably the mo the most unpopular. Why is is that like it's gonna end in tragedy no matter what. We're all gonna die. Like we're all gonna die. Oh yeah. It's bad. Yeah, right.


It's bad. That's the thing that nobody wants to think about and talk about. We should probably think about it and talk about it a lot more than we do. Oh, the More you think about it, the, the lighter you're bearing and the more cheerful you are. If I was, I was reading someone recently who said, you know, meditating on death every day is the, is the most certain way to joy and cheerfulness and lightness. And I think that's right. I I kind of agree with that. I mean, I, I read a book. There's this, there was a book that was written years ago called Denial of Death. You ever read that? No. And I'm blanking on the name of the guy who wrote it. It'll come to me. But anyway, the book is called Denial of Death.


I don't agree with it's kind of psych psycho analytical. There's a lot of psychobabble in it. It was written by an author who ironically wrote this book, published it, one I believe a Pulitzer, and died and died of, of cancer, I think. And he didn't know that he had it when he wrote this book. But then he published a book And he died. But anyway, his, his his kind of theory was that like all of modern society is actually fundamentally set up to distract us from the fact that we're gonna die. Of course. That that terror of death is what drives everything.


And he takes that farther than I would probably take it. But I think there's actually a lot of truth to that. I remember I read this book and I, and I, and I and I, and I could see a lot of that in my own, in my own life, of course. But then I, I, I discovered that, that once I, once I started actually thinking about that and meditating on it, maybe not literally meditating, but really thinking about it, I did become ha I became less fearful somehow of it. Of course. 'cause you've, you've looked the monster in the face and like accepted, you know, there is something snuffling under your bed, you know. Okay. So how have your, well, two part question. How have your views changed and how has the definition, speaking of definitions of conservatism, changed in say, the past 20 years?


Let's start with you. I don't know that any of my views have, they haven't fundamentally changed. I've, I've become more radical. I've certainly become radicalized on pretty much every issue. I'm, I'm just farther to the right on everything. My whole life. I've just been, I started on the right. I come from a conservative Catholic family, and so I'm already starting like way over here. And everything that's happened in the country and also in my personal life has only just moved me farther and farther. So that's the only way that my views. And and where Does that lead at the end? Like what's your view of Francisco Franco?


Where does it lead in the end? I, No, like What's, I mean, so if You start right and you keep going, right? Yeah. Where do you wind up? Are we, Are we still filming? Is the question? Where is the 80-year-old Matt Walsh on the issues? That'll be interesting. It'll be interesting to check in. I don't know. It'll be, I'll Be long gone. But, But I, I think so that, that's, that's my own personal trajectory. The definition of conservatism though Has, has, has only changed in that. I think it's in that it, it has no definition. I I think it's like so many, we talked about the words that don't mean anything anymore.


Yeah. Words that used to be useful and maybe used to mean something and they just don't anymore because of how they've been misused and abused and overused. And I think conservatism is another one of those words. I just, yeah. When, when you, when you tell me now that someone is conservative, I I I don't, it doesn't tell me a lot about them. I don't know what you mean. It generally means I'm not gonna like them. Yeah. Well, they're gonna be some kind of fraud, you know, in the internet luring people with false prophecy. That's kind of what I th that's, that's my gut reaction. So discredited has that word become, but what, I mean, what, the reason I ask this, I it's a moving target.


Of course it means something different in every generation or maybe every year. But because Donald Trump just got elected after four, probably the worst four years since the American Civil War under Joe Biden, there is this like large group, tens of millions of people who are aligned in this thing, this movement, this block of voters, this ideology. And what is it and how has it changed? These are big questions, Matt. So I'm gonna let you, I'm gonna give you a second to pause. Okay. Because I, I don't know what it is exactly is my point. Yeah. I don't know what it, I, I I think it's, I know what it isn't. I think so one thing that unites us is that we have this general idea of wokeness, leftism, whatever you wanna call it.


And we don't like that. So I think we all have that in common. You know, we, we, when we look at a, a woman with blue hair and a no nose piercing, everyone on the right, we could look at that woman and we could say, we probably don't like her. And we probably don't agree with anything she thinks. So we, we don't agree with the blue hairs. That's one thing we have in common. And the main thing that we don't agree with him on is that we think free speech is like a foundational concept. The foundational concept of the United States. And if you have an opinion, you ought to be able to express it. I thought this was what everybody agreed on. I thought that's why they voted for Trump. Shows you how dumb I am. And then I wake up and I see these people, many of whom I know scolding rogan, me just scolding in general.


You, you're not supposed to platform that person or that set of ideas or that those are words that shouldn't be spoken. And I'm like, what? You know, we're a hundred days into this and already people I thought were on my side are mad because of like naughty words or concepts or ideas or questions. Questions. Yeah. They're literally people in the so-called right. Are mad about asking questions. It's like a parody or something. I thought that's like, we made fun of the left. Like, they'd be like just asking questions. Ru your questions are more than questions. They're assaults on me. And I'm literally hearing people on the right say that about me. So it pisses me off, but not, it's not just me.


Like what the hell is going on? Yeah. I don't take you seriously if you use the word platforming. Yeah. That a negative. I I don't, I don't take you seriously. I've already lost respect for you. I agree. That to me, that's a leftist thing. That to me, that's the blue when I think of the blue hair. Yes. Woman with the nose piercing. I think of her as someone who scolds you for why did you platform that person? Well, that's why I Don't like her. And you know, all things being, I'd feel sorry for her. She's got blue hair in a nose ring. There's no man who loves her. Like, I feel sad for her. That would be my default view. The only reason I don't like her is 'cause she's scolding me for platforming people she doesn't agree with. Right. Well, I I don't like her for a lot of other reasons too, but I, I don't feel you're ni you're a lot nicer than me.


But yes, that, so, so using that term as like a pejorative as this forbidden thing is, is that that should be a leftist. I mean, that should be one of the quintessential we think about wokeness. That's one of the quintessential features of wokeness, whatever that is exactly. Is this idea. You don't wanna platform people. I I just don't agree with it. I mean, what, what does, what does that even mean? And also usually when someone is accused of platforming someone else, it's like, it doesn't even make sense to begin with because the person that they're saying is being platformed already had a platform. Like we all have platforms. We're all, we're we're out there saying what we think already.


So usually when they say platforming, what they really mean is you talked to that person. It's not that we don't want you to platform that person. They already had a platform. We don't want you to speak to that person and have any kind of conversation with them. But what They're really trying to do is set guardrails around my mind and treat me like a slave, a non-human being. They're, they're trying to tell me, you're not allowed to, to think certain things and I reserve the right, I think it's an absolute right to think whatever I want a b if you disagree with what I think it's incumbent on you to convince me that I'm wrong through reason. Like show me the countervailing evidence. It's not enough to say my views are naughty. The person I'm talking to is naughty, they're discredited, they're bad.


I mean, that's like a species of religion and a false religion, I would say. And yet I'm seeing that impulse that that reveals a way of thinking that is to totalitarian and low and dumb and embarrassing and that I associate with the left. But I'm seeing it everywhere on the right. Like what the, I'm trying not to use the F word. What the heck is going on Matt Walsh? Like if I disagree with you Matt Walsh, I would say I disagree with you and here's why. Right. And I would pay you the respect of taking your ideas seriously and trying to dissuade you from those ideas. I would not say, how dare you Matt Walsh think that, because that's insulting not so simply to you, but I'm insulting my own intelligence. That's how dumb people communicate, right? Yeah.


And, and I, I believe in free speech in principle. So people should, and to me free speech is it, it's not a complicated idea. Free speech means that you have the freedom to express whatever opinion or perspective you want. I can agree or disagree, it doesn't matter. Now that doesn't extend to things like in my mind, hardcore pornography, that's not speech, that's not an opinion that's being expressed. That is digital prostitution. But if it's an opinion, if you're just sending a message about what you believe, you should be able to do that period. So that's the first thing.


But then also strategically, you know, when you start complaining about platforming, it's just a, it's a bad strategy because all you, when when you point to someone and you say, that person shouldn't be platformed, all you're doing, if you're worried about what that person is saying, all you're doing is making people more interested in what that person says. Yes, I know. I I'm that way. If, if I hear that there's a controversy, 'cause so and so was platformed and I've never heard of that person, I immediately say, oh, what's this person all about? I gotta look into them. Yeah. I always do that. Oh, I, I take it one step farther and then book the person on the show. Yeah, yeah. Always. Of course. Because it's, it's like, and and whatever it is you said that upset, upsets people.


I, I'm interested because people are so upset. I might not agree with it, but I'm interested and I I just reject in principle like we, if you are telling me that I shouldn't hear that person or talk to them or take them seriously or listen to their ideas, just in principle, I wanna say, no f you, I would just, now I'm gonna listen even more. You know, now I'm gonna listen to a, a two hour podcast that I wouldn't have listened to otherwise. Just because you said that. Exactly. And especially if you don't explain the person's ideas and why they're wrong. I mean, I, I think a lot of ideas are wrong and there are a lot of poisonous people out there selling crap poisonous crap. I completely agree with that. I just think it's important.


It's essential. It should be required to explain why it's wrong, not just that it's bad. What did you think of the debate? A lot of this kind of broke through the surface and the debate between Dave Smith and Douglas Murray on Rogan a couple of weeks ago. Did you watch that and what you Did? I did. I watched, I ended up watching the, I wasn't planning on watching the whole thing, but I watched the whole thing over the course of a few days. It was a long debate. And you know, I, I have a a, a different, I I come in with a different perspective than maybe some people who are really interested in the debate in that I don't have a dog in the fight. I don't, everyone is, I, I'm constantly hearing from the peanut gallery demanding that I kind of give my, my verdict or my take on Israel and Israel versus Palestine and all this kind of stuff.


And I, and I have given my take. And my take is I don't care that much. So I don't, I just don't care that much. I I'm a I'm not just America first. I'm a, and I'm a, I'm an American chauvinist and that I only care about my own country. I I honestly don't care about other countries. I wish them well. I don't, I don't wish any of them. I don't wish them ill. I wish the people of other countries well, I think they all have a right to defend themselves and they should. I think that if you can't defend yourself as a nation, or if you can't survive without being propped up by another government, say ours, then you shouldn't exist as a country. That's just the way of the world. So Wait, wait, wait. If you, if you can't exist without being propped up by another government, say ours, you shouldn't exist.


Yeah. Is Israel cannot exist without being propped up by the United States. You think So It's nuclear program came from the United States. It's weapons coming from the United States. It's economies supported by the United States. I'm not attacking Israel, I'm just saying in point of fact, I think that's true. And I mean, Israel thinks it's true or they wouldn't have armies of lobbyists and influencers in the United States. Bibb wouldn't have shown up twice in the past three months. Yeah. I mean, the way, from my perspective, it seems like they can handle themselves quite fine. But any country, if there is any country out there that fundamentally cannot exist without being subsidized by American taxpayers, then not only should that country not exist, but that country already does not exist.


It's, it's not really That's Interesting. It's not really a country. Right? No, it's, And unless we wanna go back to the old way, which was, you know, back in, in the bad old days when we did real empires, you know, if you want to just be conquered and, and you're gonna be a, you, you're, you know, you're gonna be a vassal state of ours and we're gonna sort of own you, then, then that's, that's one system. But we don't really do that. At least not directly anymore. So if, if you Can I just ask you question that's such an interesting, not only does it have no right to exist, it already doesn't exist. It's not a real country. Yeah. Not a real country. If any country that that Right.


That's True of, yeah. Now I'm, I'm not convinced at all that that is true of Israel. I'm not convinced at all. That's true. Yeah. I Mean, I don't know either, by the way. And I think Israel seems like a perfectly functional and strong country, including with a strong economy that goes up and down. But basically, I mean, they have a robust tech sector, they've got a lot going for them. And so I think I kind of agree. I'm just saying they don't seem to feel that way, but who knows what the truth Is. Yeah. I I think that if we were to withdraw, I think we should withdraw, withdraw all federal, all foreign aid from every country. You know, I I I don't think we should be doing it at all. I think really. Yeah. And I think if we did that, I think Israel would still exist. I think, I think if we took away all the foreign aid tomorrow, next week, two months from now, Israel would still be, I I Agree with that.


A country, yes, there are probably other countries on the planet that just would not exist anymore. But countries have to make more realistic decisions when there's no backstop in the same way that people do. In, in the same way that people on welfare or people with trust funds equally kind of tend to make terrible decisions about their own lives. I think they'll, it's also true for countries. You get way overextended when you're dependent. Yeah. And this is, and by the way, this is when I say that a country that can't survive without us shouldn't exist or doesn't exist. That's not any kinda like moral judgment. It's just this is the way of human civilization. You, you, you, you have to be able to, you, you have to be able to stand on your own two feet to, to be, to even qualify as a country.


Right. And I think the American taxpayers have been saddled for many years now with propping up country, after country after country. When that, that is not a responsibility that should fall to me or you or to my kids. Our responsibility is, is to our, is to ourselves. How do we, and it's also true of us if we could not exist. Well, I agree. You know, if, if if, if we were depending on welfare from some other country in order to exist, then I would say that like we we're not a country anymore. So, you know, take it away and like, let, whatever happens, happens. Let let the thing fall apart.


And maybe from the ashes we can build a real country. That would be my take if it was true of us. So How did we get, I, I vehemently agree with you. I don't think I've ever heard it as well put, but I don't think anything you said is radical. I think it's, as you just said, it's the way of human civilization. How do we get to a place where that qualifies as a radical view? I think it's, it's, people have been conditioned that, you know, xenophobia is a, is a, is a great sin. And so, I don't know, it's this, I don't really understand it 'cause I've never felt it.


But for a lot of people, they just feel it, it, it feels wrong to them to actually prioritize their own country. It feels, it, I guess it feels unnatural to people, which is crazy. It's bizarre because to me it's the most natural thing in the world. Like I, it's not, it should not be controversial to say I care more about my country than I care about anybody else. I care more about the people in my country than I care about anyone else. And the amount that I sort of care about you, it, it, it increases the closer you are to me, that that's the way people work.


So I care the most about my own kids. I care more about my own kids than anyone else. If my kids are in a fire and someone else is in a fire, I'm saving my own kids a thousand times outta a thousand. If I had to choose between one of my kids and a thousand other people, I'd save my kid over the thousand because that's, that's my, you know, they're my kids. That's my blood. And, and then, you know, branching out from there, I care about my, my family, my, my larger family. I care about from there, my community where I live. And then, you know, there's a subsidiarity and then, and then branching out from there.


I cared about Eccentric circles of obligation. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. And that's, that should just be so natural. That's, that's how people work. And, and that's how everyone works. Like if I told you anyone who hears this and thinks that it sounds cruel or something, well, if I came to you and told you that your friend's child died, you would be really broken up, I would assume in Tears, right? Yeah. I would, you'd be in tears about it if I came to you and said, you know, just a few minutes ago, a child in China, a was hit by a car and died.


You would say, oh, that's, that's too bad. It's sad. And, and then you would not think about it again. Correct. You would move on with your life and never even think about it. Even though that's a child. That's a child, child died. It's a terrible thing. It's really sad. Objectively that child in China dying objectively is as terrible as your friend's child dying. But your attachment to that child in China is much less, is is basically non-existent. Your obligation to that child, non-existent. But the idea is that what you're describing is sentiment sentimentality, really.


And that it's our job as evolved beings to override that false sentimentality with like a clearer moral code. I don't think it is sentimental. I think it's the opposite. I, I think the idea that we should, But do you know what I mean? Like Yeah. That's what they Said. This is effective altruism, actually. It's like, no, that every human life has equal value, which I think you would agree with as a Christian. Absolutely. Yeah. Therefore, our obligation to every human being is identical. And I, and, and you're right, that they would, so what, what I'm saying they would call false sentimentality, but, but that is false sentimentality. This idea that we're citizens of the world and we value everyone the same is a false sentiment.


No one actually thinks it, you know, you would save your own child from the fire. Is it because you think your child has more moral worth than anyone else's child? No. Is it because your child dying in a fire is objectively more sad than someone else's job? No. But that's your blood. That's not sentiment. That's your blood, that's your family. But that means something. But blood doesn't matter. Genetics aren't real. I think it's the most, it's one of the most real things there is, you know? Yeah. And, and, and it's obligation. You know, it's, it, it should also be, it should be inherent. It's instinctual, but it's also ob.


You have an obligation to your child and then branching out in the concentric circles. Yeah. You have, you have an obligation to your country, and you have an attachment. You should have an attachment to your country and a pride in your country. These are your people. This is your history. These are your ancestors. And, and so that's it. I mean, and, and to me it's the most, it's the most natural thing in the world. And So nationalism is, is not really an ideology. It's just like nature. It's just the default position. It's like What? Yes, it's the natural state of human Beings.


It's the natural state of Human. It's the natural way that societies are organized. That's all natural. Why is everyone afraid of it and against it? I think it's, it's, a lot of it is confusion, not understanding what nationalism even is. It's part of the kind of globalist agenda. It's part of this destructive, like I said, a lot of it comes down to destroying the family. And, and, and we do that by inverting everybody's priorities. Yeah. So that, like, they wanna get you to the point where you're, where you're more concerned about peace in Ukraine than you are about protecting your own child.


Well, They've absolutely succeeded by the way they have. You go on social media, which I really try to avoid, but whenever I go on it, and it's all right, wingers or whatever they are now, but it's all Trump voters, right? In my feed. They're yelling at each other over mostly about Israel, but also about Ukraine, but about foreign countries. That's what they're mad at. I mean, they're totally obsessed. And I, by the way, I think it's legitimate to have views on all foreign, I've got a million views on a million different foreign countries, including those two. But that's their overriding concern. It does seem, I hate the word op, but it does seem like by design, someone has sapped the vital energy from Trump's voting base by convincing them that what's happening in these foreign countries is more important than what's happening in their own.


That's what I see. Do you see this? I, I do see it. And, and, and I don't, I don't under understand it. I don't understand why. How do we get to a point where the, the, the dominant conversation in this country is about what's happening in other countries? I, I don't, I don't understand it. I don't understand the people that are obsessively focused on it, on either side of it, really. I agree. Because, And can, can I say America's role in the world is a different question. Like we play a role in the world. We certainly have, what's the appropriate role?


Is a question that Americans should be concerned with, because it's our money in the lives of our young men. So, but this is something different. You're saying people's like obsession about a foreign conflict between two, like foreign actors, is that what you're saying? Or, I don't wanna put words in your mouth. Yeah, yeah. Obsession with a conflict. Taking any foreign country and making it the centerpiece of our political debates makes no sense to me. And I, and I think people on either side do that. My Sense, sense where I, when I, when I go on Twitter, go on X and you know, no matter what the topic is, it seems, it's like, you know, it used to be six degrees of Kevin Bacon or whatever.


Yeah. Now it's two degrees of Israel. It's like, no matter what the topic is, it always comes back for a lot of people to Israel one way or another. And that's not how I see it. I don't see Israel as the, as the, the, the centerpiece of any of these debates At all. It does seem like it's blowing or blowing up is probably too strong, but it's definitely dividing the, you know, Trump's voter base big time. Do you feel that? I do. And it's a shame because why are we being divided over that of all things? Yeah. Let's Be divided over fentanyl or Yeah. Tariffs or whatever, something, you know what I mean? Yeah. So that's going, going all the way back to what, actually, your question that I never answered.


I don't think I gave you a chance. I was off and So, well, I was, I, yeah, I was also off, but about the, the Dave Smith and Douglas Murray Debate. My point was, I'm going into it. I don't really have a dog in the fight. I don't know why these guys either. And I don't know either of the guys. I'm, I don't really, I'm not following the issue that closely. I'm just not, I'm focused on America. And so I'm, I'm really just interested to see how this turns out. I, you know, I'm, I'm, I'm listening to both arguments and I thought that Douglas Murray, who seems like a really smart guy, I, I thought he made a crucial mistake in the debate by starting, it seemed like the first 45 minutes to an hour was this kind of, this litigation over who's an expert and who isn't.


And that's just not, you're not gonna win the argument that way. Nobody wants to hear it. Nobody should want to hear it. Credentialism. You're not an expert. You know, we, we've seen what the expert class has given us, especially over the last five years. Pretty good job, or no, I, I would, I would give it a solid D minus. Very generous. Very generous. So nobody wants to hear it. Nobody wants to hear about, about it. Calling yourself an expert. It goes back again to words that don't mean anything anymore. Yeah. That's a word. That should mean something. It should, it is possible. Expertise is a real thing. There are people who can be experts on a subject.


I, I would hope that the pilot of my plane is an expert in flying a plane. As we've seen. We can't, we can't rely on that being the case either anymore. But that's what it should mean. But we've also used the word expert and applied it to people who are making outrageously false claims. I mean, the experts are the ones who told us that, you know, you can castrate your son and turn him into a girl. But that was the expert opinion. That was the opinion of the expert class for years and, and still is with some of them. So in a world like that, in a world where the experts are telling us that women have penises and men can have babies, the word expert just doesn't mean anything anymore.


It should, but it doesn't, which means that if you're gonna have this conversation, skip past that, we don't need, like, we don't need to litigate what an expert is or who an expert is. Yeah. Why not begin with the merits of the debate? Right. Just, just get into it. It doesn't matter. This guy that you're sitting next to, whether he's an expert or not, makes no difference. I don't care if he's a scholar. I don't care if he's a homeless guy. He just pulled off the street. His arguments are valid or they aren't. Exactly. And that's all that matters. That's all that anyone cares about. So this went on for an hour. Yeah. That's, I'd say the first hour was, was about who is an expert and who isn't. What is that? I mean, Douglas Brewery is famous for being smart.


What do you think that was? I don't know. I I, I honestly don't, I thought it was a, just a strategic error. A pretty serious one. And then by the time you actually get into the debate, then a lot of people have just kind of checked out because it comes off as kind of snobbish and it comes off as, you know, as credentialism as, as you're trying to invalidate the argument before it's even presented, you know? Right. So that, that was the mistake. Then when they actually got into the actual conversation, I found it to be, I just thought it was interesting. I really did. And I thought they both made valid points.


They both know more about the subject than I do a lot more. That was very clear to me. And I, I, I think if you could chop off the first hour of the debate, it was an interesting conversation. Who do you think made a more compelling case on the merit once they actually got down to the question at hand? I don't know. I think that, so Douglas Murray said one thing, he made one point that I thought was, was really good, which is a simple one. I like simple points. Me too.


And at one point he asked Dave, 'cause once they got into arguing about what happened after October 7th, how Israel responded, and Dave has all of his criticisms about what Israel has done, and then Douglas Murray said, said, well, what, what would you, what would you have them do? You know, what, what would you prefer to have for them to have done if they wanna rescue the hostages and also destroy Hamas? What, what do you want them to do instead? And then from what I remember, Dave, he pointed out that, okay, destroying Hamas and rescuing hostages are kind of, are, are not necessarily the same objective.


And then they started talking about rescuing hostages. They didn't really circle back to the destroying Hamas part. And I would've liked to see him stick on that point, like, get an answer. Well, so, so if you're Israel, you have a foreign, you know, these, these foreign enemy that's come into your country, slaughtered hundreds of people, what should, how should you respond to that? And I think he should have, he should have pressed that. And he, And he didn't. And so it became, it was sort of unfocused, because I would've, I would've legitimately liked to hear the answer to that For sure.


What, what would you have them do? So we could talk about maybe there are other ways to rescue the hostage, but do you think they should try to destroy Hamas given what happened? And if you do, how else should they go about it? But they kind of moved on to other things, and it became this kind of, it became a sort of unfocused, in my mind, sort of like circular conversation as these debates tend to devolve into very often. If you were in control of what people on Twitter debated, what would they be debating right now? Everything we talked about for the first, you know, hour of this conversation is, is what, like, let's talk about the war on the family.


Yeah. On marriage things that affect our kids. You know, how do we, how do we raise healthy, happy kids? Let's talk about that. Any of these issues is like serious deep cultural issues in our country. Yes. Is what we should be talking about. In my mind, You feel like it's very hard to go from affluence to less affluence. It's very hard to move backward. It's like hard for the human brain to deal with it. But it's possible. You feel like the United States could become significantly poor, not poor, but less rich than it is now, and still remain cohesive and happy people with meaningful lives who love their neighbors and their spouses and their children.


But you, you, you're not gonna do that without families. You, you can't do that if people are living in studio apartments by themselves with their cats. Like, that's just not gonna happen. Right. Right. So I just think objectively that's the most important issue. Why isn't it the topic of discussion or debate? And why did the Republican party shunt aside social conservatives like circus freaks for 40 years? Like, what was that? I think there are a lot of people invested in it not being the topic of conversation. Because once you start talking about it, you start noticing things that they don't want you to notice. Like what, well, you start noticing who the, you know, this, the, the, the actual agenda to destroy the family, to destroy marriage.


You start, you start noticing that, you know, we, we veered off took kinda the left turn veer off, away from the way civilization was structured for thousands of years. It hasn't really worked out. You start looking at any of these things and you, and you say, okay, well we started making all these changes, all these reforms, all this supposed progress. And a lot of the, these wheels have been in motion for decades. How has it worked out? You know, what, what are, what's, what, what, what? By by its fruits, you shall know it. So how has it worked out? None of it has worked out.


And I think you notice that. And, and I think there are people who don't want you to, and also some of these social issues, when you're talking about families and these kinds of things, it, it hits closer to home, That's for sure. As it should More than tax rates. Yeah. You could hurt people's feelings. Yeah. It hurts. It's closer to home. And, and so people feel, everyone has, they have their own hangups. They have their own sensitivities. They have maybe mistakes they feel they've made in their own families or their own marriages, or with their own kids, and they feel indicted, I think. So you think for, for some people, it's just feels it's safer to talk about issues that are 10,000 miles away. Do you ever, because they, they, Yeah. I mean, there are plenty of conservative so-called influencers who, you know, have personal lives that are what you're describing as bad.


Do they ever call you and say, Hey, Matt Walsh, you hurt my feelings. Certainly don't call me. No, they don't call me to say it. But plenty of conservative influencers, quote unquote, will, you know, they'll, I'll say something, they'll send out a tweet, they'll attack me publicly. So I'd much prefer the call. I'd much prefer the, it's not hard to get my number if you're in the, you know, business or send me a message or something. But people don't generally do that. That's not how people operate. Have You noticed that like a huge percentage of war crazed Republican senators are secretly gay? What is that?


Are they, Yeah. Like what is that, what is the connection between which are The ones that are secretly gay? I don't know. They're the ones who are secret about it. But there is some kind of, there. I, I guess all I'm saying, I'm not being catty. I'm trying not to be catty or cruel or whatever. But I do think there's a connection to the way that you live at home, connection between the way you live at home and like the policies that you espouse and the impulses that you have, and like the vision that you have for the country you lead. Like I don't, I don't really know if you want a people with like truly unsettled, dark personal lives with power. Do you? No. I mean, I, I, I, even outside of the people running the country, I, I automatically have at least some semblance of respect for a man if, you know, he's a good husband and a good father.


And you can't always tell that. But I think often you can. And those are the kinds of people I wanna surround myself with. I don't wanna be around people who aren't people who have disordered personal lives. I don't, I don't really wanna be around them. So if I don't wanna be around them, I don't want them running the country. Fair. Last question, broad question, a hundred days into Trump, how's it going? Are you, are you happy with it? I assume you vote, you voted for Donald Trump. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, has it been what you expected? It, it, in some ways it's been better than I expected in some significant ways. I, I, I think that my number one criticism of Trump in his first term was despite all the talk about how he's a fascist dictator in, in reality, in his first term, it seemed to me he was very shy about wielding his power and his authority.


He seemed to be a lot more worried about what people say about him, what the media says about him. A lot more focused on the coverage and all, all that sort of thing. And this time around that doesn't seem to be the case, you know? And jumping in with 2000 executive orders or whatever it was, dozens touching on some real hot button controversial issues. What was your favorite? Well, I mean, as someone who's been really invested in this issue, all the, there's several executive orders dealing with gender ideology. I mean, even something as simple as illegally defining what a man or woman is, we shouldn't have to do that. But we did.


And he did. Prohibiting to the extent that it's possible from his position, the castration and mutilation of children, now Congress has to follow up with these executive orders and codify them into law, which hasn't happened with, I don't think any of them, which I am worried about. Because the thing about an executive order is that when the next guy gets in there, if he's a Democrat, he can just, he can undo that as quickly as it was done. So that's, that's a, it's a bandaid. It's not the permanent solution. Why hasn't, why hasn't there been a law yet passed by Congress federally banning the mutilation and castration of children?


Because they're for It. For it? Or they, or they don't care that much? Well, same thing, you know, same thing, I think. I mean, if you, you're in a position to stop something, it's not that hard. And you don't, I think it's fair to assume you approve of that thing. You, yeah. You approve of it or you just don't, you don't, you don't, it's, you don't care enough to try to stop it, which effectively it's, it's one and the same. So I all, that was good. I liked all that. And I think that he's using his power as authority. He's not, he's not, he's not afraid to do that this time around, which I think is really good. If there's one major criticism or or area for improvement, it's, you know, I don't know what the deportation numbers are exactly.


I think they should probably be a lot higher. Easier said than done. Of course. And also we have to, I acknowledge that there are fewer people coming in now, you know, which is gonna bring your deportation numbers down. But I think that should be a, a lot higher. And, and I think, I think that I understand politically focusing on illegal aliens who have committed heinous crimes. We should focus on them, but not just them. I mean, we should be deporting anyone who's in this country is not supposed to be here. You know, I don't care if you had a speeding ticket or a DUI or a manslaughter charge.


I mean, I care. There's a big difference. But in any of those cases, or if you had no, nothing, you shouldn't be in the country then. And, but there are plenty of people, the majority, I would say, of people in Washington are arguing the opposite, which is like, you know, it doesn't matter that they're breaking the law. That's what they're arguing. In fact, they should be protected as they break the law. So why are you following laws as someone who was born here paying all the taxes for all this stuff? Like, are you following the law? I, as far as you know, I am, yeah. As far as I Text your wife and find out. I hope not. Because you'd be an idiot to do that, wouldn't you? Yeah. Well, well, except that of course, I realized that this, this, you know, get outta jail free card is, doesn't, is not, does not apply to everybody.


And but do you feel like it doesn't apply to me like You're propping up a system with at least half of the money you make every year? At least half. More than half. If you total it all up, even in Tennessee, and you're paying for a system in which, like you are the, it's only downside for you. And it's upside for people who are mocking the laws that you pay to enforce. I don't like, I do you feel like a foolish I yeah, you feel like a sucker. Yeah. But also what's the, what's the alternative? Because if I were to say, well, hey, if they don't have to follow the law, then neither do I. Well, really quickly the system will come along and disabuse me of the notion that this is a, that this is So you have as many rights as a Haitian Exactly.


Illegally, yeah, exactly. 'cause I don't, so that won't apply to me, especially as a, you know, as a dreaded white man. So, so we're kinda left with no choice. I'm only throwing that out there. 'cause you said you were becoming much more radical, and I'm trying to accelerate the process by pointing out some things that I want you to think about. Well, I appreciate that. It's, it'd be hard to accelerate it at this point. I can Tell. I love it. There's a forest fire of truth within you. Matt Walsh, Thank you for submitting to all this. That was, I really enjoyed it. Appreciate it. Thank you. Great. Thank you. We wanna Thank you for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day.


We know the people who run it. Good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bell So you never miss an episode. We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter. Telling the truth. Always, you'll not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell. We appreciate it. Thanks for watching.