
So everyone's mad that, and even some Democrats I think, are mad about these last minute Biden, pardons of Fauci and The J six committee, et cetera, et cetera. So let's just set that aside. My concern is not that these people are punished, Fauci, iss 81. Yeah. Who cares? I Think he'll be punished. Yeah. You know, in some larger sense. But I wanna know what they did. That's the, okay. So can we just go through a couple of these and like, why would you pardon Fauci? What are the potential crimes, the crimes you think he committed and could be punished for, that you're trying to prevent him from being punished for by pardoning him? Well, with Fauci specifically, the, the one thing that comes to mind immediately is perjury.


Yes. Because he's been accused of that essentially already by, you know, the house committee Lying under oath to the Congress Lying under oath to, to the Congress in particular, saying, you know, that we have, we have never funded gain of research that we, that we weren't doing it during this time period. Even as, as there are other people in the government. Like, you know, the deputy director of the NIH saying Yes, we were, or Ralph Barrick, who was one of the, the scientists that UNC saying Yes, absolutely. That was a gain of function. Yes. So there's a little bit of a problem there. Now, he later amended the statement and said that he was speaking in a specific way, under a specific definition.


But there's exposure there. But that's, that's not really the issue with Fauci. The issue. I, I believe that, welcome to Tucker Carlson show. We bring you stories that have not been showcased anywhere else. And they're not censored, of course, because we're not gatekeepers. We are honest brokers here to tell you what we think you need to know and do it honestly, check out all of our content at Tucker Carlson dot com. Here's the episode. The issue is really, it's about the whole rats nest of gain of function.


How much did the authorities know about what was going on at the Wuhan Institute? Did they have human sources at the Wuhan Institute? Did they, was there advanced warning that this was coming? Were they suppressing investigations into the possibility of a lab leak because of the connections to us research? All that stuff is in play. I mean, there, there's, there's a lot of stuff that's going on that, you know, that you wanna know. So Fauci was part of the US bio weapons program, obviously. Right. I mean, if you're funding gain of function, it's, you know, vaccines are one part of that, but probably not the only part of it.


Right. So the idea is you make the virus more dangerous in order to create a vaccine to fight the virus. Right. That's the, but in the process, you wind up with much more dangerous viruses. Right. And that's one of the things that, that raised a red flag for some of the people who were looking at the Covid phenomenon, is just look at the surface characteristics of the disease. It's highly transmi. Transmissible. Yes. It doesn't, it's not terribly symptomatic. Everybody's gonna get it. Not everybody's gonna be harmed by it. It's kind, it's what they designed, what you would do if you were designing a disease to carry a vaccine, for instance. Yes. Yeah. So my interest is not in Fauci.


I think any normal person can make of his mind about Fauci. It's pretty, obviously Fauci is the super bureaucrat. It's in the bio weapon programs and the Frankenstein science that's being funded by our tax dollars around the world to be specific in Ukraine, in China, in Djibouti. You know, we bio labs in, in a lot of places around the world. And like, what are they doing? What are they doing? What was their relation to, to the Wuhan Institute? Also, I mean, I think those are all important questions like both the bio weapons and, you know, the, the relation to, to the, the pandemic.


But the, the thing is about these pardons, they're a mistake if you wanna know what's happening. They just made it a lot easier for us to find out how, Because now once the pardon's delivered, the person can't plead the fifth. If they're brought before a grand jury, they can't take the fifth anymore. Or if they're brought before a congressional committee, they, they can't evoke their right against self-incrimination. So they have to say something. And this is what's so interesting, 'cause I've been talking to criminal defense attorneys, people who are former Senate investigators, some current Senate investigators, And they all kind of said the same thing.


It's so illogical to give somebody a pardon if you're trying to cover up things, that the only reason you would really do it is if there's very serious crimes involved. Right. So that's a red flag for us. When we see somebody getting, getting a pardon, we think, well, why would they do that? Unless there's something really bad there. Right. Yeah. So either it's a mistake where they just stupidly made it easier for everybody to investigate, or there's something we don't know about that is interesting. Well, it's such A profound thing to do. I mean, I, if somebody said to you, Matt, would you accept a pardon? You would say, well, why would I need a, why would I need a pardon?


No, I mean, it's like, no, it's, it's incriminating. It's morally incriminating or has the appearance of moral incrimination just by its fact. Right. It's not only morally incriminating, it's legally incriminating. As the Department of Justice itself said in a, in a memo, I think on one of The J six cases, it said, this does not unring the bell of conviction if you get a a pardon going forward. So you're making an admission if you accept a pardon. So, yeah, I I I wouldn't accept one if I were totally innocent. Well, of course. Yeah. And also, I, I wouldn't accept one if I had something to hide, because now, you know, if I'm dragged before a congressional committee or especially a grand jury investigation, now I can't tap out and say, yeah, I'm sorry, I'm gonna take the fifth on that.


And that's Fascinating. Right. So it, the the whole thing is really illogical. I mean, I think it was more meant to be a symbolic gesture. And this is really, I think, speaks to the, the, the thinking of the Biden administration about so many things, right? They were so driven by optics with Trump that they did so much, they did a lot of things that were incredibly stupid. So they want to portray him as vengeful and out to get people. And the, the pardons are a good way to do that. I mean, if you're aiming for that audience, but it had the negative effect of, of opening all these investigations up, it seems to me.


So you really Think this was aimed at M-S-N-B-C viewers just to paint Trump as a vindictive person. So I asked a lot of people, why did they do this? Like, what's the point? I mean, and one of the theories was that, that this is messaging Yes. That they were trying to create a headline And there were lots of headlines instantaneously, if you saw them. They all basically said the same thing. Like, you know, to, to ward off future vindictive retaliatory acts by the Trump administration, you know, Biden issues pardons, it's always after the comma, right? Yeah. That's one theory. The other theory is that in the last days of a presidential administration, it gets pretty chaotic in the White House and people who want things and, you know, they will come in and there'll be a hurried totally frenzy to put stuff on paper.


And that's why there are unprecedented things in these pardons. For instance, The J six pardons, this has never happened before where you give a pardon to a category of unnamed people. Right. It says to the members of the committee, to the capitol police officers who testified to the staff, but it doesn't delineate the names of the people who are pardoned. So now, if you wanna invoke your pardon, you actually have to go over a test to prove that you're actually part of that category that I testified before the committee. Does that mean that the committee called you that, that you talked to a staffer once?


Or does that mean that you actually sat in front of the hall and testified? It's very weird. And the only explanation that I could come up with from people is that they were in a hurry. They didn't have all the names. It's amazing. Right? So, but why, how, why would you preemptively pardon The J six committee? I mean, that's like the single most legitimate, morally empowered great group of people ever empaneled in this country. Like, truly. Well, I mean, there are obviously some theories about why they would do that, right? Mother Teresa, she was such a great person. We're gonna preemptively pardon us.


Like What? This is like crazy. No, it, it is absolutely crazy. And if I were some of those people, I'd be offended. Yes. Especially the people who, who testified and who didn't lie under oath. Yes. For instance. Right? Because they're all named, you know, all the police officers who testified to the committee. Now what if they're only really trying to protect a couple of them? And there are some very conspicuous names. I yeah, I think we, We know who they are, Right? Yeah, exactly. The Ones that are trying to protect. Right. But what if you're one of the other ones who, who just, who just gave some testimony? Well, They, I mean, they interviewed hundreds and probably thousands of people, right?


Yeah. I I it's some number like that. Yeah. Massive, Massive number. And I'm assume most of them told the truth. I mean Right, Right. Most people do Tell the truth, actually. I think, I think that's probably the case. Yeah. I mean, if, especially if you're under oath and you're a yes law enforcement officer, for sure. I mean, it's a very serious thing to, to lie in those situations. And you know, there, there are a couple of places in the testimony where it doesn't look good for some of the people who, who testified, but for the vast majority of them, I would take it as a grievous insult to be given that, pardon? And especially to not be named that, that's what's so weird about it. But It suggests what I have thought from the first week, which is they're like serious crimes here.


I mean, you talk to Steve Sun, you know, who ran Capitol Police, who's like a non-political person, just career law enforcement, former mp, you know, former Washington DC cop. I don't think he has any weird agenda. He, I mean, his story's so unbelievable. They just didn't give him any intel at all and didn't give him any resources. And everybody else knew this was happening except him. I mean, the whole thing is so nuts that you're like, wait, there's something going on here. I don't really know. The pipe bombs at the, The pipe bombs, the gallows that was erected by some weird unknown group the night before. Right. Will we ever get disclosure? I guess that's what I want. I just want to know, I, again, I'm not, I am not venable. I don't really wanna punish people so much as, I just want to know.


That feels like punishment enough. Will we? I think we will. I think we're, we're heading into a goal and age for investigative journalism. I think this is after eight years of crazy misleading news stories and dead ends and unanswered questions and fake news, you know, ranging from Russiagate to Nord stream to, you know, the covid origins where we were actively kept away from one side of that story for years. I think we're gonna find out a lot of this stuff. There, there are investigations already underway, document hunts going on all over the place.


There are reports that have been commissioned to look into a lot of these questions, and they're gonna be staffed up with a lot of money and a lot of personnel. And it, it, it's just an un unprecedented situation where, for instance, the DHS or the FBI or the DOJ would be in sync with congressional investigators to the point where they're, they're not gonna have to issue subpoenas for a lot of this stuff. They're just gonna sit down and say, here's a list of the documents we wanna find. And I think that they're gonna have that collaborative arrangement. It's incredible. There's panic. I sense panic and I sense it in some of these confirmation battles, particularly the sort of offline stuff that you don't see in the media.


But just when you find out the lengths to which permanent Washington is going to say sabotage, Tulsi Gabbard, who's an army officer who's had a clearance for more than a decade, carries an automatic weapon. I mean, clearly we trust her with America's, you know, defense. Why can't we trust her with America's secrets? Well, of course we can. So what is this? And it really is, people are panicked that what they've been doing is gonna come to light, I think. Well, they should be panicked. 'cause if you read the executive order on the weaponization of government, it specifically empowers the director of national intelligence to conduct a wide ranging report into the possible misdeeds of the entire intelligence community and orders her to come up with, you know, anything negative that they can find.


So, can you imagine? No. Right. I mean, that, that's like trying to make a list of everything. You, you she'll be doing it from now to the end of time. But no, I mean, the, to in perfect seriousness, this is, it's setting the stage for, you know, kind of a second church committee hearings era. And that was a great moment in American history. Once every 50 Years, We Right. We find out what They're doing with their black Budgets. Yeah. And no, and, and really in, in the mid seventies, who would've known right? That we were doing such an incredibly wide ranging, you know, list of horrible, stupid things from, you know, trying to Yes.


Murder Castro with exploding seashells to spying on Martin Luther King Jr. To trying to, you know, leak news about mistresses of civil rights leaders. I mean, it goes, the list went on and on and on. And we only found out about it because they went too far. Right. And now suddenly people in the Senate had a hammer to start looking, you know, into this direction. And it all came out, well, not all of it, but a lot of it came out, a Lot of it. Frank Church sadly got incredibly fast developing cancer, I noticed. Did he? Yes, he did. And he did kind of like Jack Ruby style cancer. Hugo Chavez style cancer is in Interesting.


Huh? I did not know that. Couldn't, Yeah. Couldn't treat it. He died sad. Sorry. No, it's alright. No, I mean, look, it's hard not to think, I, I never thought this way until like a, a year ago, maybe a year and a half Ago either. I'm like, oh, now I did not think this way. I, I attacked anyone who did. Right? Yeah. But I, can I say one thing that I've noticed now that I'm in middle age is that all my life, the older guys I've known, like you go on duck hunting trips or whatever in, in Washington where I lived like with my dad and his friends or whatever, and the guys who were in their fifties and sixties all thought this way. They all thought this way. You know, after like a lifetime of government service as an operations officer, whatever you're doing, right, right, Right.


They all had this mindset. And I remember sitting like in a duck blind thinking, these guys are fucking crazy. They're all nuts. What I didn't realize was there's a reason that people become more open to these sorts of explanations, the more they see. Of course. And maybe, right. Yeah. I Don't know why I didn't get that. Yeah. Well, I, it's probably just our generation that thought the schoolhouse rock thing was true. I mean, right. That's so true. Because, you know, we, we, we, we grew up with all the president's men and after the church community. So we thought it, all it had could come out. The good guys won. There's transparency.


We have the Freedom of Information Act. We can find everything out. No, right. It turns out I know. No, right. I know. No, you're, I never thought of Schoolhouse Rock and all the presidents men in sophisticated propaganda put there by the Intel agencies. But I think you're right. Whether there, whoever did it, it was effective. I wanna hear something


creepy. You are being bought and sold every day without your knowledge. Data brokers are watching everything you do online. They track every website that you visit, every link that you click, every video that you play. They collected information about you and your behavior and your thoughts. And they sell it to anybody who wants to buy it, including governments. No privacy whatsoever. Obviously, it should be illegal. It's not illegal. People are getting paid off to keep it. Legal politicians, specifically politicians by the way, are some of the ones using your data. They buy it and then employ it in campaigns to swing your vote. It's creepy as hell. There's a way to get around it though. It's called Express, VPN. With Express VPN. Our online activity here at this office goes through secure encrypted servers. That means no data. Brokers can see what you are doing online or we're doing online. Not that we're doing anything wrong. ExpressVPN also hides our IP address. There's no way for information we bought or sold. We cannot recommend it enough. It's our identity defender. It could be yours as well. Right now you get an extra three months for free when you use our special link, go to ExpressVPN dot com slash tucker. Get three extra months of ExpressVPN


every Day. Thousands of Comcast engineers and technologists, like Kunle put people at the heart of everything they create In the average household. There are dozens of connected devices here in the Comcast family work building, an integrated in-home wifi solution for millions of families like my own. It brings people together in meaningful ways. Kunle and his team are building a wifi experience that connects 1 billion devices every year. Learn more about how Comcast is redefining the future of connectivity@comcastcorporation.com slash wifi.


I can say to my new Samsung Galaxy S 25 Ultra, Hey, find a keto friendly restaurant nearby and text it to Beth and Steve and it does without me lifting a finger so I can get in more squats anywhere I can. 1, 2, 3. Will that be cash Or credit? Credit? Four. Galaxy S 25 Ultra. The AI companion that does the heavy lifting. So You can do you get yours@samsung.com compatible. Select apps requires Google Gemini account results may vary based on input, check responses for accuracy.


So can we just go through, since I Sure, yeah. Think you're, as I've said many times, and I mean it, I think you're one of the great reporters still working. Not that there are many, not there's a ton of competition. Yeah. There, there aren't many. But, but, And, and you are, by your nature a curious person, which is like requirement one for journalism. And like the one thing, no one else seems curious about anything, but you are. So can you just, just go through, in no particular order, the stories whose endings you'd like to know? Like, what are you curious about as we enter an age of disclosure and God willing We do, what do you want to know? So first of all, just to back up, I tried to make a list a couple of days ago.


Oh, did you really? Yeah. Of all the things that I would want to investigate if I were, you know, in, in that kind of a position to order these kinds of Things. I mean, I'm actually gonna take notes as you talk because I, because I, I'm gonna follow along at home as this happens. Okay. But I, I, I couldn't finish. There were so many different things that I never got to the end. But I, I would say that the big ones, you know, there are huge, glaring questions, which is unusual. For instance, who, who was president the last four years, especially the last year. I mean, I think that's an enormous question. Tell me, Blinken, Do you think it was blinking? I, you Know, I I think Blinken iss so evil, so demonstrably evil and also stupid that I just see his fingerprints everywhere.


Right? Right. But I, that's just pure guess. That's, that's the problem. We don't really know. I know that in the last two months, Blinken did everything he could to, to accelerate the war between the United States and Russia, which is like, I should be illegal. I don't know how he got away with that. Nobody said anything about it, but that's a fact. So, anyway, sorry. No, but he, and And he, you know, the, his State Department was also involved in the censorship stuff too. So Yes. Who Was president? Who or what, Who was president? Let's Start with a big Question. Yeah, no, I mean, I think of all the crimes that are on the table and the potential corruption issues, people signing documents or somehow getting documents signed by an incompetent president or an unfit president has to rank up there with the most serious things that have ever happened in, in American history.


Smart. Right. So you have to look at what were the, what was the process of the White House operation, right? Who was actually running things? We know from a surface point, who was, who held the posts, right? So Ron Klain was the, the chief of staff. We know roughly who else was in Joe Biden's orbit. What, what were the, what was the schedule? You know, did he, did he sign things by Autopen? 'cause they have this, this machine that does And, and who and who was, who basically had the power of attorney to turn that on, right? Like, these are all questions that we have to get answers to.


What was the day-to-day operation of the Biden White House? And again, especially in the last year, because I think, you know, that gets to bigger questions of who was really making these big foreign policy decisions and who was making decisions about things like, you know, cutting off the Democratic primaries to challengers. Yes. You know? Right. These are big party decisions, not necessarily White House decisions. Who decided to, to kick Biden off the ticket? Biden on July 13th was giving a speech in Detroit. And he is like, I'm running.


I mean, he couldn't have been more affirmative about the idea that he was not gonna drop out of the race within seven days. He was out of the race with, within three days after that Detroit thing. There were stories leaked out in Politico that were basically saying that Nancy Pelosi was gonna ask him to, or gonna try to pressure him to drop out. But I don't believe that, I think we need to find out exactly what those communications were. I mean, who had the authority to push The President of the United States off his own ticket unless he had a sudden change of heart. Do you believe that? I think it's really obvious that his statement dropping out on Twitter was issued before he knew.


I mean, I, I've heard that. Again, I don't know is the truth, but I've heard that It's very conspicuous that when he, when he wanted to say things, he said it on camera. But there were all kinds of things where the wording was much more careful. And that was done on Twitter or in a letter, or in a press release. I mean, even, even the, the note explaining the pardons who wrote that, right. It was on a, the, you know, Biden's Twitter account. I doubt he's sitting there tweeting. So it's Just a coup, I mean, that's a coup if you take a sitting president of the United States and force him to drop out. I mean, right. It it's on the table. It has to be, because, you know, Jill Biden has been very circumspect and, and talking about it.


She's said these really curious things about how she wants to reevaluate her relationships. I think she, she was referring to Nancy Pelosi, but what exactly happened in, in that one week period between, you know, the middle of July and the 21st or so, and then what happened in between the 21st and the 22nd, or whenever it was when Biden suddenly came out and, and made Kamala of the nominee. Like, how did that happen? Who made that decision? So That was after the Republican convention? Yes. Yes. So You had this incredible week or two where Trump gets shot, survives.


You have the convention and Biden drops out. I mean, that's, and as far as I know, I don't think anyone's ever done like a real TikTok on that. No. There were, there were stories, but there were incredibly incomplete. And this is one of the things where, you know, I was looking at it even from just a professionalism point of view in terms of the New York Times, the Washington Post, all of these, these papers. How does nobody ask, who made the decision to nominate Kamala Harris? How did that happen? How was he kicked off? Or how did he come come to that decision? Normally there would be a big show of that.


Yes. Right. There would be, somebody would come out and give an interview to, I don't know, 60 minutes and say, well, here's how that happened. Right. And whether it was true or not, there would be a grand explanation. Whenever there's something big that happens with The president here, they just, they just kind of did a little tweet or a press release, And there were things that were leaked out in, in newspapers, and none of it made any sense. So, you know, they have to get all those communications. And I think that's what was important there. You know, there were preservation letters that were sent out by some Senate committees. I hope it captured a lot of this stuff, but we'll see. You know, Do you have any sense of what the answer is to either one of these questions?


Who was functionally operating the Biden administration and who kicked Biden out who made these decisions? I've only heard theories about this. Yeah. Right. And, and that's the problem. It, it's kind of irresponsible for reporters to speculate, because I agree. We don't know. All we know, we, we, we saw little bits and pieces of things. Like, there was the, there was a really weird moment. You might remember when Biden said something to the effect of, we can't allow Putin to stay in office, or whatever it was. Right? And, and people immediately interpreted that as a re regime change. Of course comment, right? 47 minutes later, the White House comes out with a walk back clarifying statement saying, you know, our, our policy towards Russia is unchanged, or something, something ambiguous like that.


But there were leaks in the press about what happened there. And there was a remarkable line in one of the stories saying that Biden was allowed to participate in the work shopping of that second statement. How is he not in charge of it, first of all. Right? Like, and you know, there's talking about Jake Sullivan is, is involved in the process, but that just gives you a little glimpse into this idea of a collective presidency where at best, Biden was a participant. So I, I think we need to know a, a lot of things about who was actually making those decisions.


It might be different in terms of, you know, for each realm of the government, right. Maybe the national security questions were dealt with by one person than, you know, the foreign policy things by another. I, I don't know. I mean, we'll see. And then domestic policy, which doesn't even really exist in this country. It's all national security, like runs everything. Right. Right. But who's doing that? Yeah. Oh, oops. That was only the first thing in the list, right? The No, you just got, you know, it's so funny as you say this, and I won't interrupt you anymore, but I just can't, I mean, it's like crazy. You're going through this stuff. This just happened this summer. Yeah. And I was there. I mean, I know a lot of the people, I feel like I'm not that informed, but maybe more informed than average.


'cause it's my job. I kind of forgot about all this stuff. Like, so much stuff has happened. It's like, it's amazing. Yeah. What we have allowed to sort of pass bias without demanding answers. I, I mean, I remember being in Russia in the late nineties, there were multiple episodes that you might classify as quasi COOs. Yes. Right. There were, there was an, an episode where people tried to arrest Yeltsin's bodyguard, Alexander Kako. And it kind of turned out the other way in the end. And, but there was intense reporting about this by the supposedly unfree Russian press at the time.


And then there was also the whole question of, you know, why was Putin brought in, what, you know, what did he do when he immediate, he was immediately kind of used to clamp down on the, an investigation of Yeltsin that was done by the general prosecutor at the time. I, I mean, that's all in the weeds. What I'm trying to say is, even in a third world country, we got more information Oh, yeah. About stuff that was going on than we got last year in the United States of America, where we had a gigantic press corps sitting in Washington supposedly covering all this stuff. I I, it blows my mind. So Do you know, I mean, you've done this your whole life, so, you know, and you grew up in it.


So you, you must still know people in that gigantic press corps. A few. But, you know, the ones that I, that I, I'm still in touch with mostly have been kind of squeezed out. You know, there are people who, who did try to get to the bottom of what happened. I mean, Cy Hirsch did a, a story about the mechanics of how it got to be went from Biden to Kamala. And, you know, that story came out on Substack, but it wasn't picked up anywhere. No. And that's kind of the way the media works. Now, Seir also broke the story that the United States, nato, the Biden administration was behind the sabotage of Nord Stream.


Right. The National Gas Pipeline to Western Europe, to Germany. And That, I mean, that's on the list too, obviously, but that's, I mean, I, I think we can say that's true. And I mean, I, why isn't Cy Hirsch getting the Pulitzer for that? Why? You know, he was immediately, this guy's been a hero on the left for my entire life, but from before I was born, he was a hero on the, on the left. And all of a sudden everyone's like, shut up Putin apologist. Oh, I know, I know. I mean, I'm sorry I'm, you know, all this is just, ah, it drives me insane. It drives me insane. It's, and not only are there almost no good reporters left, the few good reporters left are like attacked all the time. Yeah, no, they, they, they've all been kicked to the curb.


You know, it's, I think it's very notable that a lot of the high profile investigative reporters just can't even publish in the United States. Oh, I know. You know, and, you know, look at somebody like Jeff Girth, who, who writes, who, who made a point of kind of keeping ties to traditional media and not burning bridges and doing all that stuff, and worked his his butt off to get this 24,000 word piece about Russiagate into the Columbia Journalism Review. And it should have landed hard. It should have landed like a Mike Tyson uppercut, you know, and it, it, people just ignored it.


So even when they don't kick you out of the club, they just, they ignore the Hardcore reporting. I mean, then Jeff Girth for people who were, you know, under 40 was definitely one of the most famous investigative reporters in the world. And feared Yeah. A New York Times front page worst Jeff Girth. Yeah. Big deal guy. For many, many years. He was the bulldog going after the Clinton administration Yes. On everything. Right. So, I mean, when he did a story, it, it mattered. It was on the desk of every senator in the country. Of course, you know, know. And that, that's what's so interesting about this period, is that there, there is none of that, the, the stuff that lands on the desks of people in the relevant committees in Washington, I is pr there's no reporting there for the most part.


Maybe that will change now. I don't know. But, you know, I doubt it. People read your stuff. I happen to know. So hope That's that's good. That would be great to They they do. Yeah. Yeah. So, okay. But Nord Stream, don't free that. That's, that's on. So Nord Stream, lets Go to Nord Stream Stream. Now, I, I'm gonna stop interrupting Nord Stream. What do we know? I mean, I mean, we know that there's five or six shifting official explanations of what happened. They eventually settled on this kind of labyrinthine the story about a rogue Ukrainian operation that apparently without our input went, went and did this.


Yeah, I don't believe it. I mean, it's, it's, it's laughable to think that that's true. And so, you know, that, but that's the kind of Nord stream is just one, it's like looking up at the stars in the sky. That's just one of them. And that's a huge story. I mean, think about it, that could have started, it Destroyed the German economy. It will destroy the eu. Ultimately, when people wake up from their dream state, it will destroy nato because it was an attack by one NATO power on a NATO ally. Another NATO member was attacked by the United States on Germany. So, and it wrecked the German economy. Absolutely. It strained and strained the incoming re relations. And, and it's, it's just, it could have resulted in, you know, an immediate nuclear escalation.


I mean, there's so many different things. And it, it was a massive ecological disaster. Yes. It, it was a deep water horizon level environmental event. It's the greatest manmade emission of carbon dioxide in history. Right. And, and it's a, it's a tiny footnote to the insane Lunas that happened during this period. It, I'm sorry, but it is like, Nord Stream is, if you're making a list of the, the 10 weirdest things that happened in the last eight years, it, it's probably at the bottom, I would think. I mean, wow. I mean, don't you think, I mean, Ru Russian? I think that's right. I just, you know, I like Western Europe. I think it's important to have a thriving western Europe.


I don't think there're a rival, I think they're a complimentary region to the United States. And to see it destroyed intentionally by the Biden administration. Look, it's just wreck Western Europe. Like why would you do that? And I, so I'm, I'm fixated on it. But, but you're right. So what are the others? So COVID. Okay. I mean, there, there are, there are so many different areas where they're gonna have to investigate reinvestigate that we just went through a period where, you know, there was sort of mass stonewalling of com of congress when it was trying to investigate what happened with Covid.


You know, people, there were key people like Peter Daszak from the EcoHealth Alliance who just didn't answer subpoenas. Right. And, and so we're gonna, there there are documents that were, that we know exist that we're gonna get. Now, you know, with FBI communications between the Bureau and a lot of these scientists, you know, dating back 10 years, and it's gonna tell a very, a crazy story. I mean, a really interesting story. There's a reason why Fauci s Pardon is backdated to 2014, because that's the, the time period that they're gonna be, have to start looking, which is, you know, when did we start defying the ban on gain of function re research?


We clearly did. I think that's, I think that's pretty established at this point. Why were we doing it? What connection did that have to the Wuhan thing? What kind of advance notice did we get? What kind of lies were told about it? Who were responsible for those lies? How, what information did we get about the inef inefficacy of the vaccine, and how did that connect to statements by the CDC and the White House? This also connects to the censorship issue in a major way, because there was also a sort of massive effort to control public, the, the public conversation about this that went through the health agencies.


So we know they're looking at that. And that's another executive order, by the way. The the free speech order, you know, directs them, the Department of Justice that come up with a comprehensive review of all the censorship stuff. So we're gonna find out about that. But I just think Covid is a gigantic rat's nest of stuff. And, you know, it's gonna be like a tur shoot where every, every direction they look, they're gonna find something, you know, revelatory. The question is, will that information reach the public? Because there is the intermediaries, the media, so like congressional investigators, executive branch agencies, like DOJ, you know, they, they're constantly inspectors general, they're always releasing reports.


And I'm like, no one reads them because nobody picks them up in the media. Do we have enough interested reporters to like, disseminate what they find? See, I think we do, because I think that what we think of as the media is dead, it, they no longer really matter. The, the, the, the media that matters now are people like you and, and Joe Rogan and other, you know, there was podcasters out there, there, there was this in gigantic thriving independent media culture. It's incredible that, you know, turned the last election clearly. Yes. It, it was also abundantly clear that the, that the old media no longer had any ability to control the narrative about anything.


They're totally discredited. So I, I think this stuff is gonna come out and because it's gonna be so explosive, it's going to sort of solidify and heighten the prestige of all this new media. I think we're probably gonna see whole institutions that are gonna be built around. I agree, these disclosures. We're gonna have new newspapers, new new TV stations. So Do I normally save this for the end? But I'm feeling so enthusiastic, I'm gonna do it now in case people don't get to the end. Where do people find you? How do they support you? If you've made it this far in this conversation, you're like, this guy's unbelievable. How did, I'm sorry. Shamelessly promote for just one Second. Oh, thanks. No, I'm at Racket News on Substack where a lot of these news sites are For those who didn't grow up playing squash.


How are you spelling racket? R-A-C-K-E-T news. Right. So Racket rack. So not, not squash racket. Not squash racket. Like racket. Like that's a racket, you know? Right. Exactly. Which this is. Yes. It turned out to be aply named. So nice. But yeah, no, I, I'm feeling very optimistic now. I think there's, there are still some holes in this new media landscape. We don't have the huge institutions that have reporters who have beats, which I think is crucial. Right, I agree. Because you need to have people who develop sources in one small area. I agree. And Well, you saw that with Julie Kelly on January 6th.


Julie Kelly, I don't even know what she did before. She's purely kind of a creation of the internet. Well, she's a self creation, but she, her medium was the internet and X specifically, and she's got mad about January 6th and just relentlessly focused on that. I'm sure she has other opinions, but she only did that. And I mean, man, this one woman in who thinks she's my age-ish, like, unearthed all this information that was like, no, no one else got it except her. 'cause she was just so focused on this thing. You know, it, it, it's great. It's incredible. And it's a, that's exactly how the press is supposed to function. Yes. They're not supposed to be credentialed. Like, it's not supposed to be a thing where, you know, somebody confers a title.


You are the, the official media No, the citizen, the, like, that's part of our job is, is to be the press. Yeah. Right. Like, that's why the, the, the for the First Amendment was designed for Exactly. For that to happen. And there were, there was lots of incredible reporting that was done by either individuals or small indication, you know, organizations like the US Right. To know. They filed, you know, hundreds of FOIA requests on Fauci and gain of function and everything. And they really started the ball rolling on that whole side of that investigation. It's, you know, it's a relatively small site, And they had good, good young reporters there.


Were hungry. And that's how this thing works, you know? Amazing. Right. Amazing. It's exciting. It's so exciting. And it's also true that there are increasingly people making like a legit living, not getting rich, but like paying the bills, doing this job. Right. And which is important. And that's also how it's supposed to work. Yes. I mean, I, I, I remember hearing a story about IF Stone when I was starting on Sub Substack. I was calling around to some of the old timers and saying like, is this a good idea for me to tap out of mainstream media? And they told me a story that, And they said, you know, I have Stone cranked out a, a newsletter for those people who don't know.


He was a Izzy Stone. Izzy Stone. He was a, you know, one of the original in independent investigative journalists. He worked out of his house. He put out this little newsletter, the I I have Stone Weekly. It was great reporting independent, didn't have to answer to editors who told him to shape things one way or the other. And he made a nice living, got himself a nice little house, and that was enough. Right. And he had an impact. And You can do that now. The internet makes it easier actually. It's amazing. Yeah.


In America, we do things a little differently. And we always have, when the British said, Hey, we're gonna tax your favorite morning beverage, the Revolutionary Sons of Liberty said no. And they poured the entire shipment of tea into Boston Harbor and created a new country, a country based on personal choice and freedom. Well, 251 years later, it is time to throw, throw something else overboard. Your overpriced big wireless contract. You don't need it. You need to pay a hundred dollars a month just to get a free phone. I don't think so. The cell phone company we use Pure Talk says no to all of this inflated prices, the bs the contracts you can't understand, and instead gives you service that you need, that you actually need with Pure Talk. It's super straightforward. You get unlimited talk, taxed 25 gigs of data, mobile hotspot at a fraction of the price. And with a qualifying plan of just $45 a month, they'll throw a free Samsung Galaxy your way. So you get everything and you know exactly what it is. It's not designed to deceive you. We strongly recommend it. Pure Talk provides the same coverage as the other guys. It's just a lot more affordable and a lot more straightforward You can find out for yourself. Visit pure talk.com/tucker, make the switch today. Pure Talk America's wireless company.


When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from idea to medicine, thanks to our intellectual property system or IP for short IP safeguards, inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip learn more at phrma.org/ip works wonders.


You wonder, again, I'm, I'm delaying you in your narrative once more. No, it's okay. So with apologies. But you wonder, even just the four topics you've mentioned so far are so big that if we got the truth or some, you know, higher percentage of the truth about those things, you wonder about the social effect. So one of the things the sensors always say is they're doing this or preventing you from knowing certain things to preserve societal stability. Yeah. And trust in institutions. Trust in the institutions. Exactly. Trust in institutions. So I mean, that's already gone away, but it will evaporate completely the more we know, don't you think? Yes. Yes. But it'll be like, I mean, I, hopefully it'll be like the church committee hearings where, look, we just have to accept people are gonna have their minds blown by discoveries, revelations.


You know, for instance, it's already starting in the news media. We we're we're starting to get stories from journalists who were told they had to suppress. I saw this Certain angles. Right. You know, there, there was a, you know, Politico story about some people who were told to stay away from the, the Hunter Biden laptop story. Yes. Two Politico reporters having left Politico admitted that Politico, which is supposedly covering Washington, told them, no, we're not, we're not doing that. Right. Exactly. And, you know, you know, my first question is, why didn't you say that when it happened? But I guess people have jobs, right? So that's, that's a thing. But there are gonna be a lot more of those. I mean, And there are already kind of whispers or going around, but people are going to learn that institutions they believed in their whole lives were fraudulent.


That they lied to them about important things. And there, it's gonna be difficult at first, especially since there are not solid new institutions in place to replace them. Yes. You know, it's one thing if you are taking down the CIA in the seventies, and there's a supposedly reformed CIA there, right. This is different. The media is gonna have to re rebuild itself from the ground up. I think it's already doing great, but it, it, it doesn't have that look for a lot of people. Right. Doesn't No, that's right. And he Looks very different for Sure. Yeah. And so, you know, it's gonna be as you, you know, I think that's a good point.


It's a transitional period for people. I, I guess look, if you want trust in institutions, and I definitely do. I do. I grew up trusting institutions. I don't now that's their fault, not mine. I think your country doesn't work if nobody trusts any of the institutions. Right. It just doesn't. So we want that. The only way to that is through transparency, honesty. So I get all that and I'm for it vehemently. I guess what I'm saying is the people who've been administering the system and benefiting from it are completely freaked out. Right. It's why they're trying to stop tulsi. But I wonder if they get threatened enough if they don't become like, just flat out dangerous to everybody else.


Like the only way to stop disclosure at this point would, would be with like a, a catastrophe that's so all encompassing, nine 11 covid that it just, everything shuts down. All trends in progress. Stop. Yeah. And I just feel like there's a lot at stake for these people. If you're, you know, John Brennan or Jim Clapper and you're like a criminal or Mike Pompeo, you're a criminal. That's my opinion. But I think they're obviously criminals. Like, You know, you've got a lot to Lose. Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. And, and people in the intelligence agencies whose names are not known to the public, they're about to be. Exactly. And you know, that we don't know what that's gonna result in.


What impact that's going to have. Well, so this was my thinking about, you know, the, the period between the election and the inauguration this week. I think that's one of the reasons that Tony Blinken was pushing so hard for a real war, trying to kill Putin, for example, which the Biden administration did. They tried to kill Putin. Really? Yes, They Did. Wow. Which is insane if like, okay, so who takes over Russia? Right. And what happens to nuclear arsenal in a country that's like so complex outsiders can't even understand. I mean, you live there, you know? Yeah. Like that's demented that you would even think of something like that. Absolutely. So why were they, because chaos is a screen that protects them. I mean, I don't know this, that's just like watching what they're doing.


I'm like, why would they be doing that? Part of it is 'cause like, it's, it's like when you're taking you off of the roof of the embassy in Saigon, you burn all the papers. Right? Absolutely. But They can't because they're digital. So maybe you need like a war to hide your tracks Or to keep the public's attention. That's what I mean. The same elsewhere, right? Yeah, exactly. Yeah. I I I had the same fears and that was part of my, my thinking when they started, you know, approving the firing of American missiles into Russian territory and British missiles and French miss missiles. Exactly. I'm exactly like, Why Would you do, like what possible reason? Yes. Would there be to do this? You're not really gonna make any military gains No. By doing this.


So it's, you're doing it either to provoke the other side or to create a headline. The headline, I don't think it gets you anything. No. So what were they doing? And you know, if you're, if that's, you're saying there, there were fiddling with regime change in the, in the interim. Yes. Yeah. I, I think that was a fear that a lot of people had. I, I didn't think that frankly, that the, the Trump would become president. I I thought I, you know, for a variety of different reasons. I, I don't, I don't know exactly what could have happened to stop that, but I, I, it was hard for me to accept that it did happen.


At first, I, I was sitting about six feet away and I just thought, wow, I can't believe this is actually happening. Right? Yeah. Up until the second he said the oath, I was like, man, you know, I mean, I, you just get superstitious or paranoid or whatever it is, having seen all this stuff. And I was embarrassed to have those thoughts, You know? I agree. I totally agree. I was like, wow, I'm becoming crazy. Yeah. But it's not totally crazy when you see the pattern. So, but I guess my, the point I would make is it's like we're not, the process has not unfolded fully yet. So like, there's still a lot that we don't know. Disclosure is, as you've said, like imminent and that sets up an incentive for the people being exposed to do something really crazy. It does, but the, I I think the moment has passed good for, for the real, like there was a moment where they could have installed, you know, a a European style regime to, to stop misinformation.


This is, this is the new trend, right? Remember the, the hurricanes happened and immediately FEMAs talking about setting up an anti misinformation center. Right? It just happened in California so fucking crazy. Right? I mean, you know, the, the fact that Gavin Newsom had time to try to come up with a state bureau for protecting my reputation, but, but they could really have done that. They, they could have basically put a net over everything with, I mean, that, that's the thing that's scary about the, the European situation is, is they already have that massive infrastructure in place to completely control the flow of information.


What people see, what people don't see. They, they can punish people who step, step outta line. And we were, you know, this far away from being part of something like that. And if they were gonna do that, if they had done that, and I think there, there was probably some thinking that that would've been accomplished by 2024. If you go back and look at some of the European union's papers on the subject, they were anticipating that we were going to be signatories to certain agreements, like, you know, the code of practice on disinformation, that we would have our own version by now, if they had done that, then none of this would be possible. You know, all these independent outlets, they could scream to high heavens, but no one would see it.


It would be like, you know, no, It's totally right. Right. I mean, you, you know this because you, when you were doing shows about covid, well, now we can look behind the scenes and see that the White House was demanding that Facebook dial it down And they turned it down to 50%. I mean, that's in print. I, I, I mean, what did you think when you saw that, by the way? When that I Totally ignored it. I ignore all coverage that in any way pertains to me. I don't want to become self-conscious. So I didn't spend, you know, one second thinking about, I've had a couple other things and one other thing in particular in the last year that was like so shocking, I never thought about it again. Hmm. Because you just don't, I mean, I'm sure you've been through this, I mean, you were speaking and mistreated, I'm not gonna bring it up, but you were identified as disobedient and I mean, they tried to end you.


I watched it. Yeah. So you shrug it off or whatever, but you shrug it off. But from my perspective, it's always, you see things clearly when you looking at someone else's life. Sure. Absolutely. I didn't even know you at the time. I was like, why were they trying to, why are they trying to kill this guy? Yeah. I mean, Right. Well, they were, and well, that's my interpretation of it anyway. But you can't brood on it. No, but but the, the fact that the mechanics, they, they were trying to install the mechanisms by which Oh yeah. The, all this stuff would've been locked down and, and we saw in, during the Covid period, how, how effective it was. Yes. I mean, look, we've, the, the new head of the NIH, you know, Jay bot Chaia, we mostly didn't hear about his research.


Right. I mean, this, this is the guy who, who can you believe? Jay Poter, Who I love. He's a thoroughly decent man, by the way, in addition to being right on the science. But he's a decent guy. He's like the sweetest guy in the world. Yes. Yeah, no, absolutely. He's the head of NIH. Yeah, I know. Isn't that amazing? Kidding. Yeah. He went, He goes from being censored to being the head of ni. It's, it's an, it's an amazing transition. But the, but the thing that that's so extraordinary about it is America would've had a completely different idea about lockdowns if they had understood how infectious the disease was, how fruitless it was to try to physically prevent people from, you know, getting infected and, and, and how unlikely that was to succeed and how, you know, compared to all the other negatives that could have happened from keeping people at home and everything like that.


Like, they wouldn't have made that decision going forward, but they were able to effectively suppress that point of view, which is really scary. Right. I mean, there was real research out there, and most people didn't see it. I didn't see it until a year and a half later. No, I Know, right? I Know. So, and that's, that's what could happen. That that's what could have happened with all this stuff. So, But, But I, I know that you, without getting too specific, but you're, you know, you're in touch with doctors, like on a personal level, like, you know, doctors just practicing, you know, clinical physicians, right? Did They know My Wife's the doctor. Okay. I didn't know if you wanted to say that. Yeah. You, you're married to a doctor. So did they know like they, it was kept from them too.


Like they didn't, Yeah, I mean, your Average like emergency room physician was like aware that a lot of the covid propaganda was fake. Well, yeah, I mean, I know some ER doctors as well, And they had to go looking for, for information. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. And it was very hard to find. And you know, to this day, if you, you go on Google and you go looking for things, you're not likely to find the sort of counter narrative thing easily. And I think for a lot of doctors during that period, it was frustrating because even peer reviewed research was not always easy to find for them.


So yeah, during that period, it, it affected the whole question of like, experts who talked to the press. Like they weren't always informed about what was going on or, or, or about different studies that had been done. And yeah, we had a completely different idea about the, about the pandemic than maybe we should have. But the point being is not so much that that was destructive in itself, though, I think it was, but that it was a proof of concept of something that that was to come, you know? Do you think that as we unearth more about Covid, that the biggest question of all, which was, what was the point of that? Clearly it was the point.


I mean, if every part of the society was coordinated and aimed toward the same goal, which was increasing the fear, preserving the lies about its origin, hiding a lot of stuff, and like telling you and, and pushing you toward the vaccine. So like, and it was utterly coordinated if anyone was coordinated, that was from the churches to the schools, to the media, everything. Everyone's on the same page. Like, why? I don't know. I mean, that's, that's what we have to, that's why these documents will be so fascinating to get, do you think that We'll ever get to the, we'll ever be able to say with some certainty or confidence, like this is why they did that.


We, we may not know some of the higher level thinking about things. I mean, you're probably not gonna get a document that says, look, it's really important that we do this because if we really stress masking, then we will have established the precedent of that visible symbols of conformity are, are, you know, a positive goal for an authoritarian regime. I mean, they're not gonna have that on paper anywhere, right? Yes. But there, you know, there might be emails back and forth about how we get people to, to follow instructions about how, how we manage the problem of academic freedom, right there, there're probably going to be emails back and forth saying, we have to change America's thinking about this and get them to start thinking more in the direction of trusting authority.


Right. There's probably gonna be some stuff about that, because we've already seen that in, you know, FOIA disclosures with some of, you know, some of these anti disinformation groups and that, that sort of thing. So I imagine there's, there's gonna be some stuff with the White House, the CDC, the NNIH, there, there, there, there might be some things like that in there. But the higher level sort of broader conspiratorial questions, I don't, I don't know what we're gonna get, but I'm fascinated to find out.


Me Too. I wanna tell you about an amazing documentary series from our friend Sean Stone called All the President's Men The Conspiracy Against Trump. It is a series of interviews with people at the very heart of the first Trump term, many of whom are close to the heart of the second Trump term. This is their stories about what permanent Washington tried to do to them in many cases, send them to prison for the crime of supporting Donald Trump. Their words have never been more relevant than they are now. Steve Bannon and Cash Patel. I'm in there. Even all the President's men, the Conspiracy against Trump, and you'll find it only on tcn Tucker Carlson dot com highly recommended.


So, okay. So Ooh, COVID next. Okay. Russiagate Russiagate. And you know, the, the sort of related phenomenon of fake news intelligence leaks designed to destroy careers, which bleeds into kind of lawfare. Right? But Russiagate specifically, that's a big story that that's a place where I think that's gonna be the easiest hit for investigators because the doc, we know where the documents are in some cases. We even have them already. We just, they're redacted.


So we get to look under the redactions. Now, why did they start the original investigation? What was the, what was the impetus for the July 31st opening in, in 2016 of Crossfire Hurricane? You know, there's some conflicting stories in the past. Did it really come from Britain? Did John Brennan really advise the CIA to look into it, or was it something else? Why did the FBI open an investigation into Trump specifically after he had taken office in May of 2017? It's just an extraordinary thing, thinking ab you know, back to that time, we don't remember it, but the FBI opened a probe into the sitting President of the United States to ask the question of whether he was working for a foreign power at that time, and what evidence could they have possibly had for that, apart from the fact that he fired Jim Comey.


If there's, Did they have an, I mean, they had no evidence. They, if there's nothing under those redactions more than that, then that itself was an, it's an extraordinary scandal just by itself. Right? So the predicate for all of this, I think, and maybe even earlier, but to my knowledge, late in the summer of 16, with the hacking of the DNC and the E, the emails from the DNC and the FBI never investigated it, never investigated the actual, you know, the physical removal of this data from their servers instead of a company called CrowdStrike, which worked for the Democratic Party did. And then exactly at that moment, or right around that moment, A DNC staffer was killed in Washington DC in an apparent robbery in which nothing was taken from him that I happened to know for a fact.


The MPD, the Metropolitan Police Department thought was like bizarre, And they kind of didn't believe it. A Fox News host went on air and asked questions about this killing, why wouldn't you? And the parents of the man who was killed either sued her. I think they sued, they certainly threatened to sue and basically scared the crap out of everyone. So no one's ever asked a question about it since they Hired a private investigator who looked around in that case. I remember. And there were, there were some odd details there. The FBI ended up in possession of, of his laptop and then up. Why Would the FBI wind up in po?


I mean, this is a local crime, right? Yeah. That, this was one of the first reasons I started to look at that case. 'cause I got a call from somebody about that. And you know, it, I don't know why that was the case, but it is the case. But, And there were people at the DNC one of whom I know who thought that he was murdered for political reasons at the DNCA very high ranking person at the DNC told me that, and I probably should just say, but I, everyone can guess who it is, who's informed on this. But I don't wanna betray confidence, but I'm, I'm not making this up, and I don't know what happened, but like, as far as I know, not one person has looked into that in the media.


No. And, you know, even if it is just an unsolved murder of a type that they normally solve, the whole situation that that whole timeline was very strange. It doesn't really make sense. The, you know, the hacking of, of the DNC, the bringing in of CrowdStrike, the, when the information was released online, they never really proved that case, but they immediately made inferences about it. And there was a, an incredibly sophisticated kind of public campaign to create this narrative that, you know, upon closer examination turns out not to be true.


So we gotta go back and find out what did exactly happen there? Why did they, why did they order this crossfire hurricane probe? Why were they sending informants in after Trump or people in his orbit, and we know they did. And Who were all those informants? It'd be interesting. I have some suspicions. Yeah. Well, we know, we know who some of them were. Right? But we don't know who all of them, all of them were. I mean, I, I did a story to the effect that the, the people in the House Intelligence Committee who were looking at this, you know, cash Patel's initial probe, that they came up with a number that it was 26 different people who were being investigated in, in Trump's orbit orbit, no matter what happened.


It's a, it's a huge story because it's a, it's a political espionage story. It's not unlike Watergate, really. Exactly. And they, and we've, we've laughed it off, or the, you know, the mainstream press has, has shrugged and snorted at the idea that this is a scandal that needs to be taken seriously. But it does. It absolutely does. Just because it's Donald Trump doesn't mean You can ignore the FBI conducting political investigations willy-nilly and inventing predicates to, to look into people's campaigns and using FISA and all, all kinds of other crazy, can I say crazy shit?


Yeah. I mean, that stuff was all nuts. And we, we need to find out exactly what happened with that. And that is one of the reasons I think that people are nervous about this weaponization of government probe, because it's absolutely gonna look in that direction. Yes. And you know, that's one of the first things they're, they're going to, to look at is who was behind that? You know, who cooked up the steel dossier? How was that released? You know, and, and then there's the whole question of, you know, leading up to impeachment and the, the leaks that were done, a lot of them were kind of illegal on their face.


Right. Like, you can't leak signals intelligence to newspapers. And it was done repeatedly during that time period. It Happened to me. They did it to me, Right. Yeah, exactly. The NSA Yeah. Read my text and leaked 'em to the New York Times twice. Right, Right. Yeah. And they, you know, admitted it one time, but it was under fisa, so it was like, yeah. Which, which is by the way, hilarious because the, the initially they were denying that it even happened. Right. And then of course, later it turns out it was more advantageous to leak the contents. So, but people had developed, they developed very short memories during this time period. Yes. They, they were not able to retain information among other things because journalists got outta the habit of repeating the story that used, that was one of the things that we were taught, you know, when I, I was taught growing up, when you're doing a story about anything, you have to recount all of the facts as if the, the reader has never encountered the story before.


Each story should stand alone. Yes, exactly. You have to, you have to retell the whole thing so that they don't have to go looking for another story. Exactly. That's exactly right. To, to find out what this means. Exactly. And one of the subtle little changes that happened to the media business in the last eight years is they stopped doing that. They would tell you, That's fascinating. Right? They would tell you the thing that happened that day, And they wouldn't tell you all this backstory that you needed to know to, to really understand what you were reading. And so, yeah, I I think we're gonna have the opportunity now to see these things laid out in full and, you know, in hindsight, and that's hopefully going to be able to persuade people who, who didn't see it the first time.


That's such a fascinating observation, which I've never heard before or thought Of. But isn't it, isn't it true? It's So true. It's so true. And so everything's out of context, Right? Yeah. There's, there's a, a certain element of dot connecting required in journalism. Like, why am I telling you this? Why does it matter? How does it connect to things that happened? Other things that happened or may happen? Like Ev even simple things like when, you know, the, if Anthony Fauci comes out and says, well, masks are important because of acts. Well, you have to put in the, the timeline of what he originally said about that. Yes. Or, you know, Joe, Joe Biden's saying, you know, we have to correct misinformation because they're killing people.


And you, you gotta point out that they were wrong about things themselves. That the, that the, or that the Biden administration itself was deam amplified by, by some of these platforms accidentally. But they were Right. But yeah, they, they, they just left out a lot of backstory. And we have to get back into the, the, the business of telling people the whole story from the beginning. Fascinating. Yeah. Okay. So Russiagate Russiagate, we, I mean, and that's one of the reasons why the, the pardon of Adam Schiff is kind of interesting because he's a central figure of, of both The J six committee, but, but also the Russiagate story.


And, you know, he, he was somebody who was giving interviews saying that preemptive pardons should never be given, but whatever. Yeah. Russiagate is a thing. Then there's the whole question of Lawfare, right? And the effort to make sure that Biden faced no opposition at all in his reelection campaign. And this is here, I'm not just talking about, you know, Donald Trump and the lawsuit to, to prevent him from being on the ballot because of the 14th mens and all that. This extends to, even to groups like No Labels or the Green Party, or Dean Phillips, or Marianne Williamson or Cornell West.


There, there was an extraordinary calculated effort to prevent competition. Now, yes, that's not necessarily illegal. Parties can do whatever they want internally, but it's still fascinating that there, there had to have been some kind of coordinated campaign. If, if there's any communication between the White House say, and the groups that were suing, you know, no labels or RFK or, you know, issuing challenges. No labels went through this extraordinary incident where somebody created a dummy no labels site, and it, it had a big picture of Donald Trump on it so that it would try to associate no labels with Trump.


And there's a lawsuit going on about it right now. What was the real origin of that? Like, you know, who, who, who financed that whole thing? I mean, I, I think there are a lot of stories about little tiny dirty tricks that are, that are going to be coming up. Well, and Also like the, the main question was who makes these decisions, right? So if the Democratic party's running the United States, which they have for four years, I think we can say that. What does that mean? Who's running the Democratic Party? Right? I mean, I would imagine it's a coalition of, you know, elected offic, you know, Chuck Schumer, big fundraisers, right? You know, Jeffrey Katzenberg, and I don't know Obama, I guess, but, but who, who really is running this, who's on the central committee, Right?


And, and how is that done? How, how, how was the coordination managed with these sort of legal action committees that were mass filing suits about everything from, you know, the, the ballot access issue to there were clan suits that were filed against people. I mean, did that have any connection to people who were actually in office? If it, if it did, you know, then we have another corruption situation, right. Involved. But Yeah. The, the larger question of who, who was managing all this stuff. 'cause it clearly wasn't Joe Biden. That's right. Right. Who Runs the country? Who, who, who runs the country that's Don't in a democracy, we have a right to know.


Right. That, you know, our our mutual friend Walter Kern talked about this, saying that this was the first time that we had a president where that had a sign on his desk basically that said, the buck does not stop here. No. Right. We, we don't know where the buck stopped during this period. And so that, that's a fascinating question. But the whole, you know, war gaming of, of the last election season, there are a lot of stories. People don't even remember this. Like, New Hampshire held a primary, right. People went And they voted in the New Hampshire primary, and then the results were canceled. And they held a second nominating event on a Saturday night, months later, where a bunch of of officials got together And they just decided to allocate the, the, the delegates themselves.


Like I'd never heard of that before, just canceling an election and just sort of redoing it in a, in a closed meeting. Like, how does that happen? And just turning the spoils over to somebody else. I I mean, I think it ended up mostly having the same result, but for some reason they, they, they, they held the second contest. It's just very strange, you know, why that happened. So that we gotta get into, you know, the, the, then there's the whole question of, in the investigation of the Trump assassination incidents, we heard nothing about that. It was the most extraordinary news story that I've ever, I mean, apart from the disappearing president and the Covid mysterious nomination and covid, you know, presidential candidate, ex-president gets shot, and the story's dead within like 48 hours.


And all you read in the news from the FBI, there were these comments saying that they don't have any motive evidence. We've done a hundred interviews, but we don't know anything about why this happened or, you know, what was going on there. Do you believe that I I I have a very hard time believing that there was nothing interesting in the, well, He was kind of your classic 20-year-old American kid with no social media presence whatsoever, ever. You know? Right. That's exactly, And it is a very typical American story where one day you just wake up and decide to die assassinating a presidential candidate for no reason. Right. It's like, it's like, who hasn't done that? It's like your first joint. Yeah, your first joint.


Yeah. And, and then the, the, the second one, I mean, you know, the, the Ryan Ralph thing that, look, that's not weird at all. Like, I just flew into Florida last night, I don't think I could have gotten, gotten my hands on, you know, a Chinese made SKS semi-automatic rifle without help. I mean, I, I don't know, that's being a little conspiratorial. But look, there Are a lot of, well, he met with members of Congress, he was lived in Ukraine. What, and we know that our intel agencies working through the Ukrainian inte agencies have murdered all these people and tried to murder all these people, including some I know personally.


And so that's a, like, that's just a fact. And he, he was there with them, but this had nothing to do. And by the way, are those the only two attempts on Donald Trump's life, do you think, during this campaign season? I don't think so. So I don't know. So why don't we Know more about that? I don't know why we don't know more about that. Yeah. Right. So, and I, I mean, I've, you know, talked to the Trump people and Trump himself, and I, I, I'm being sincere, I really don't have a sense of what they think of all of that. I know that in public, they haven't been anxious to talk about it at all. So I've talked to some of them and, you know, I, I've heard a lot of anger about this, that, you know, and I think this is, this is the impetus for these investigations.


I think the, probably the second attempt was the last straw for some of the people on his staff. And, and, you know, it's part of the reason why I think they're gonna be very public about this. It can't come, it can't come too soon. I, I really think, and, and I will say, you know, whatever people watching think of Trump, I know for a dead certain fact that a lot of the people who work for him really like him personally. So I think they are mad about it. They're, they're very mad about it. And, and, and then, sorry, just to finish off the, the, the censorship thing, that is gonna be a major investigation. There's, there's at least two that I know of that are already underway.


You know, the government affair, the, you know, Rand Paul committee, the government oversight committee in, in the Senate, they, they really want to do a big thing, like a government files type of thing, where it would be like the Twitter files, but for the whole federal government, basically. Oh my gosh. And I, I think there are so many different wings of the government that were involved in what we got to see in the Twitter files, which, you know, to follow the, the example of what I just said, I have to repeat what this is. You know, when Elon Musk bought Twitter, he opened up Twitter Twitter's internal correspondence, and we got to see that there was this big bureaucracy with government pressuring platforms like Twitter and Facebook to censor content.


But we only got to see a little bit of it. And I think what's gonna come out is, you know, how extensive it really was, what agencies were really involved in it. You know, how many people we're, we're committed to that effort. What also were we negotiating with the European Union to be part of the Digital Services Act? Was the State Department doing that? You know, I think so. There's gonna be a big people Who haven't followed it. Can you just describe the Digital Services Act? The Digital Services Act is like the, it's like the wet dream of every sensor in, in the world, right?


Basically, it mandates that every internet platform abide by the recommendations of these people called Trusted Flaggers, who are basically licensed content reviewers who look on things on social media. And, and if they see a narrative that they don't like, they will elevate it to the platform. And if the platform does not abide by the recommendations, they get crippling enormous fines. And this is one of the reasons why there was a, a dispute between Elon Musk and Europe about whether or not he was following these rules closely, closely enough.


This just came into effect last year, but it's, it's an ex extremely effective way to, to regulate speech, because it doesn't require the government to actually do it. It's the private platform that actually commits, of course, the censorship. And this third party methodology, which is specifically by the way, what, what Donald Trump referenced in his free speech executive order. We, we don't want that to happen. We're gonna not allow that. They already have the full blown death star version in Europe of that. Right. And so the investigation here in the United States is going to basically uncover how far along were we into developing the same kind of thing.


The Twitter file suggested that we were, we were already doing it informally and illegally probably, but we want to find out exactly how many we, With Snopes and all the other fact checkers. Yes. All the fact checking organizations. Right. You know, sometimes that was done informally by inference, or it was done through NGOs that made recommendations. But I think the really dangerous stuff is when you had State department agencies, like, you know, the Global Engagement Center or the FBI's Foreign Influence Task Force, making direct rec recommendations to these platforms or the White House in your case, you know, we're gonna find out all of these communications, not just little pieces of them.


What about The US government, the intel agencies control of Wikipedia, which basically is our collective memory at this point. It's elevated by Google. It's the top of every search. It is the only history most people will ever read. And it's controlled by the US government to disappear. Inconvenient facts. Yeah. I mean, Wikipedia has a very advanced system for regulating what gets into Wikipedia pages. If you, if it's not a certain kind of source, it doesn't get on there. There was a bizarre incident last year where the real clear politics, you know, polling average, which is a tool that reporters have been using for almost two decades.


They kind of left it off their, their page of polling average sites because they didn't like the page, I guess. I don't know. But yeah, I think, I think we have to get some clarity about what happened there. Obviously the former head of Wikipedia is now in a, or a senior position in NPR, the deputy, the, or the COO One one government media job to another. Yeah, exactly. And the, the COO of NPR is the former head of this thing called the Aspen Commission on Information Disorder, which is one of the groups that we investigated in the Twitter file. It was sort of heavily into this whole content moderation question.


So the merging of state media with platforms and regulation of sourcing and all that stuff, that's probably gonna come out too. Kind of weird that the head of the Aspen Institute wrote the biography of Elon Musk, isn't it? Right. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. The Walter Walter Pincus. Right. Isaacson Isaac, sorry. Walter Pinus was the CIA reporter at the Washington Post. Can you cut that? Sorry. No, no, no. It's just funny. Yeah. You remember Walter Pincus? Yeah, Walter Isaacson. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, the, the, it is weird. The Aspen Institute. I mean, they played a very strange role in the whole censorship story. But, but yeah.


So what happens to the, you, you said the media as constituted is dead, but I mean, like the Episcopal church, like they have enormous, like shells left, you know what I mean? Like, the church has died, but the, they've got great churches, great buildings. What do you, what happens to like the Washington Post and NBC news? It still has bureaus and CNN and like, what, what happens to these things? They're gonna struggle, I think, to get audience back. You already see that the strategy of some of them is to try to pander to the audiences that they betrayed previously.


Yeah. There, there was a funny episode over last weekend where NBC and Saturn Night Live, you know, they finally did a, a, a joke picking on Rachel Maddow. It wasn't particularly funny, but it was a signal that, okay, we're, we're going to suck up to this group now. Right. As opposed to the other one, which is so loathsome. Right. And that, but Rachel Maddow is not the core pro. You know, whatever you think of Rachel Maddow, she's just like, advertises herself as Rachel Maddow, you know, one person's opinions. That's funny. You sounded like her for a secondary that way. Yeah. Well, I, I know her and I, you know, I've never been mad at her. I couldn't disagree more. I know, I'm sure she's attacked me a lot. I wouldn't know. But I'm not mad at Rachel Maddow.


I'm, I'm mad at Ken Delaney and like No, of course. You know what I mean? People who pose as reporters who are actually just mouthpieces for the intel world. Of course. And, and I'm, my only point is that just by, you know, changing their, the direction of their bs Right. They're not gonna win back audience. Right, right. People, you know, and this is something that I, that I've noticed since I've been in the business. People in media continually underestimate audiences. Yes. They, they think that they're much stupider than they really are. I remember when I covered Wall Street, I was constantly told that you, you can't do these big stories on credit default swaps and all these other things because audiences don't want to hear about it.


They'll, they'll turn the page, but it's not true. People have a great hunger to find out things, And they have a much stronger ability to understand things than most media people imagine. And so when they do these sort of transparent exercises in lying and pr and political propaganda, And they think that people won't notice it makes it worse. The, the the, the numbers are gonna go down rather than up when they start. It's totally true. Don't think, I mean, well, It's just interesting. I actually think it's more sinister even than you described. So the two topics after, you know, 30 years in the, in television, the two topics that they like never wanted to do, they always wanted to do stuff about trainees or race or, you know, whatever, all that stuff.


But they never wanted to do economics or foreign policy ever. Right. And their view was, or their, their stated view was, the audience doesn't care. And then I get fired and start doing foreign policy stuff, and it gets crazy numbers. And I only do it purely 'cause I'm interested. That's it. I was always interested. And I'm also interested in economics, not an expert, but I think it matters. That's, that's why I'm interested, right. You do a story like that, you, you blow out of the water, all the pap that they do. So it turns out there is a deep reservoir of interest among viewers and readers for these stories. And I'm starting to think that maybe the people who run the networks where I worked, they just didn't want to address that stuff because there was a consensus on it that they agreed with and that they didn't wanna challenge.


Absolutely. You think so? Oh, I a hundred percent. I think that, I think that the, especially when you're talking about, you know, interventionist military policies Yes. Whether or not they've been effective. Yes. Try try pitching stories to, you know, one of the big newspapers about, you know, maybe some kind of downside to an invasion or an occupation or the expansion of, you know, a thousand military bases in the Middle East, or whatever it is, drone warfare. Like, Hmm. You know, you're gonna have a hard time selling that one. It's right. It's so true. But they did it in the slightest way. I mean, it went right over my head for decades.


They did it not by saying, you know, we just don't agree. You know, we, we have one perspective in that and we're gonna stick with it. That's a straightforward way to to explain it, which I can digest. They instead said, no, the audience just doesn't care. And you're basically putting them business at risk by covering things that people have no interest in. So get back to Natalie Holloway or whatever the exactly drama of the moment was. You know? And I believed that. I believed it. I mean, I just assumed people just aren't interested. I guess I internalized the, our audience's dumb position, which they had for the whole time I worked there. Yeah. And it's, it's worse in TV than it is in print, but, but it shouldn't be. Right. And, but I, and I got the same thing. I mean, not, not so much at Rolling Stone, but I remember we did one story where our plan was to do one story on what caused the financial crisis.


And we got such an overwhelming response because it wasn't anywhere. People could not read anywhere what happened to the economy in 2008. There, there was not a rational explanation that people could read. And so, Well, you did big, I guess numbers is not applicable to a magazine, but that got, I mean, your stories on that were widely read because you're one of the only people doing it. Right. But it wasn't so much what, what I was doing, it was just, it was just the fact of, you know, how does this work? Who was really profiting by it? What happened to the people who bought these homes, et cetera, et cetera. Just basic questions. And people wanted to know.


And, and, and as you discover, they want to know other things. Where are they spending the money that, that I send every year that goes to the Pentagon? That's right. Right. How is, how is it disappear into a black hole? And it's not auditable. And that's okay. And I, You know, it's funny, I remember getting back in the summer, late August of 2001 from Maine, I'd been in Maine and, you know, on just on vacation going back to work. And our, I was at C nine then, and we were wall to wall, literally wall to wall on a story about a congressman from Bakersfield, California, Kern County called Oh yeah. Gary Condit. And the question was, did he murder his intern Chandra Levy?


And then later, whatever, in case anyone cares, turns out she was killed by an illegal alien from El Salvador called Ingamar gec. He killed a couple other people, I think. Anyway, whatever that was the story. But at the time, we were fully immersed in this question of, is this moderate Democrat from Bakersfield, a murderer? And I mean, we did specials on it. It's all we did. And then that September, that was interrupted by nine 11. And I remember thinking at the time, like nine 11 came out of nowhere, there was no kind of backstory. It just happened. It was like truly like the least expected thing that ever happened. Right, Right. And in retrospect, I think, were there things going on in the world, long, bigger trends that maybe we should, you know, as a news company, we should have been paying attention to Sure.


To kind of prepare people for the, at least the idea that like, wow, something bad could happen. 'cause there's a lot going on abroad. Yeah. I think if you had visited parts of the Middle East back then, you would've, well, we had The coal bombing and then Right. Like the Saudis where we had bases and places that were clearly very provocative for no real reason. Oh, the awa the the Kenyan bombing. Yes. Right. Yeah, exactly. There was a lot going on and we just kind of ignored all of it, but we didn't just ignore it. We ignored it in like this manic way, like must cover Gary Condit. And I'm not a conspiracy nut Matt, but you do sort of wonder like, what was that? Yeah, those were the good old days when, when the, the manias were things like the summer of the shark.


Right. Remember that? Do I remember? I think I, I think I participated in it. Should you swim? But, but then you get nine 11, like this one, you know, sort of beautiful fall morning and everything changes. And it's like, I, I do think it's fair to ask, even if there's no intent involved, like how did we, like what should we have done differently to at least give people the sense that there were highly organized, well-funded elements abroad that hated us. Like I just did not know that. And most people didn't. Yeah. And it, and it came, why didn't We do that, honestly? And it came, it was a shock to a lot of people. Like Complete shock. Yeah. I, were you in the country when that Happened? No, I was, I was in Russia and Well, so at least you have that excuse.


You know, you are living in another country. I lived in Washington DC covering the news for CI mean, I hosted a show in CN and I had no idea that like, Oh, that's a terrifying feeling Right. To, to be, you gotta cover something that you have no back background in. Well, There was no covering it. There was just watching it kind of, right. Yeah, Exactly. And there's never actually been any covering of it. Right. No one's ever really covered nine 11, like what was that? Yeah, exactly. And, and what followed it. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Well, I'm, we did cover that, but like the nine 11, like how do, how exactly did that happen? We have all these law enforcement and intelligence agencies protecting us, And they had no idea that there are, you know, dozens and dozens and dozens of, you know, the 19 hijackers.


But then all the support people living in our country training, getting money from some, we never really like what, anyway, I don't know. I'm going off on that, but it's like no one ever asked the basic questions. Right, Right. And you know, there, there are a lot of people who didn't ask basic questions in the last eight years. Yeah. I've, you know, noticed, Including me, I guess. 'cause a lot of the things you just said are like, yeah, whatever happened to that. Well, there's, it, it, it becomes overwhelming after a while. It, that's right. Right. I mean, you know, if the 50th time they tell you that democracy's gonna end in 10 minutes, or you know, you're gonna die if you don't, you know, take this medicine or whatever, or whatever it is, or, you know, your kids are gonna die.


It emotionally it wears on people. Yes. And it becomes very difficult. I mean, I, I think this was a factor in it, it, it was a factor in a lot of the corruption stories because the audiences were not, were, they were not going to be receptive to alternative versions of what they had just heard. 'cause it was such an emotionally wrenching experience for them. So it, it's gonna take a while for people to digest a lot of these things. You know, I think it's happening slowly, but, but what's gonna be interesting about this period is that there's gonna be this avalanche of primary material that's Yes. That's gonna, that's going to come out. And I'm fast.


I, I can't wait for You're Gonna need to hire more staff to keep up with it all. Yeah. Abso I probably, probably that's the case and it's gonna be a fun time for, for journalists like me, but just, just as a citizen, I can't wait to read it, you know? So, can I ask one last question of your, your reporting is marked by its command of detail, I would say. I mean, it is, I read it so I know hopefully Yeah, yeah. No, but of like, a lot of detail. Like a lot of detail. And so you look at things, I, I kind of like, you know, I'm not a detail guy. You are what name one like tiny detail that you are personally obsessed with and maybe mildly embarrassing, embarrassed to admit you're obsessed with, but like, what's the one thing that you just, you wanna know like you've, that you've been wondering about?


I, I mean, I, I, I think the thing that happened last year with that frenzied week in July Yeah. With, with Biden and, you know, in the, in the, the lying about the poll numbers and the, the phony, the clearly planted stories about Nancy Pelosi, The lying about the poll numbers. What? Pardon me? Well, there Were, look, there were stories that Biden was ahead in the polls that, that came out as they were telling us that he had to drop out because the poll numbers were so dire. NPR did a story like virtually, I, I believe it was this, a couple of days after the debate, I'll have to go back and look at this, but there, but yeah, there were stories that, that, that he was doing fine in the polls.


And, and of course we later found out from Biden staffers that they said they never had, I'm sorry that that was about Kamala. They never had internal polling showing Kamala ahead. Yes. Even those, there were scads of stories telling us the opposite, which is, but for me, the, the, the, the story that I, I just can't get past is what happened in that one week. Yes. And, and how did they, how did they manufacture that whole thing without anybody showing any kind of curiosity about it? You know? Ha had the media been so completely paper trained by that moment that they Yes, I, I, I guess so.


Right. But You know, well, it's the same, but it's the same impulse that maintains discipline in Washington and in the media, which is commitment to party first. And what is, so that is the one thing you, like all the things I disagree with the Democratic Party and some in the Republican party on policy. Like, I have all kinds of disagreements. Like I think that they think this Got it. But the one thing I really can't relate to is the loyalty to party. What is that? I, I never understood that. You know, like what, you're gonna agree with a a bunch of people on everything that they do, and you're gonna support that. It's one thing for politicians to act that way.


Yes. But I, I cannot understand it in immediate person. Do you think That's a defining fact of like, our life is this commitment to, to party? Well, right now we have this situation where the only versions of things that you get are essentially party Yes. Explanations. And that's why it's so in, it's so interesting that there's this sort of intermediate podcast space where people are exploring things from all different directions. Yes. And that's where all the people are going. I don't think it's a coincidence. Can That last? I think it can. I think what what's gonna happen is you're go, you're going to have new institutions that are built up around that, that are, that are just going to find new ways to then You can't have, as long as that lasts, you can't have authoritarian rule.


Right? Oh yeah. And, and that was proven. I mean, look, the, a handful of podcasts that a lot of people chuckled about had a huge impact in the la in the last election. And you know what, shame on those media people who laugh at those podcasts, because among other things, they had lower numbers than a lot of those podcasts, like significantly lower than most Of them. Yeah. Right. And, you know, they're snobs about it. They say, oh, well that's, you know, we have, we have a better quality of audience. No, you, you, you just are not convincing. That's, they have A, actually have a much lower quality of audience. You know, your average Rogan listener is way smarter than your average cable news viewer.


Right. Like, sorry. Right. Yeah. And, and they're more willing, and, and partly because they watch shows like Joe Rogan. Yeah. Which, which ask them to ent, entertain multiple points of view on things. Yes. Right. That's kind of the whole idea. You, you, you'll see somebody, there are lots of people who go on the Rogan show that I disagree with. Me too. But I hear it. You know, and that's the whole point, right? Is you get to hear different points of view. And that's been excluded from this other form of media, this kind of bifurcated red blue landscape, which doesn't work anymore and is in collapse. But I, I just think that this, this period now it's gonna be great for launching the, this new media that's necessary because they're gonna have all this material to work with.


And because it's gonna be all documents, people are gonna trust it. Right. In the same way that they trusted the Twitter files, I didn't have anything to say about it. I just sort of put it out there. But all these new, these independent organs are going to look at this, these reams of material, and they're gonna just discuss it and pass it around. And that's gonna be how the public is educated, which is great. I love it. It's The best. Right, Man, you put me in such a better mood. Matt Taibbi, Thank you. No, Thank you. Seriously, I mean, I, I, I think you would do this for free. I get that feeling. Absolutely would. I love it. Thanks Tucker. Thank You.


Appreciate it. Thanks for listening to The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made. The complete library. Tucker Carlson.