
Now that Trudeau has gone or sort of gone, like, what was that? Who was he working for? Actually, I can tell you Tucker, he was not working for us, for Canadians. He did destroy our country economically, socially, and culturally. You know what he did to us during COVID-19, that was an authoritarian government. I don't know if you You remember that, but I did an interview with you after very well. Yeah, I was handcuffed and, and put in jail for Noncrime just in the summer of 2021 because I was speaking about freedom in a park in Manitoba.


And he did impose on us also a vaccine passport. I wasn't able to travel across the country because I'm not vax and you know, but what, what he did to our country. Do you regret not being vaxxed? Oh No. Do you ever think, I really wish I'd had the Covid vaccine? No. No. That was The best decision in my life. Me too. I totally agree. Sorry. Not to make others feel better. So he went about it so systematically. He got the government to pay for killing your citizens through the maids program. Like everything he did seemed designed to destroy Canada, like on purpose. If you wanna destroy the country, you would do what he did.


Why do you think he did that? You know, he, he's a socialist for sure, and a globalist, you know, and the World Economic forum for, for him was, you know, the great thing. You know, the, And they were promoting socialism and globalism and nobody imposed that philosophy on us, on Canadians. Trillo was very pleased with that. And he decided to put legislation in, into place, into force in Canada in line with that philosophy. And, you know, for him he was spending money like, you know, like it was for, it was, you know, not a big deal.


Actually what he did, he was able to double the debt that we accumulated over 148 years. He was able to double that in 10 years. So our debt went, he Doubled the debt in 10 years. Yeah. The Debt that we accumulated over 148 years, it took him 10 years to do that. So we, the debt was $600 billion And he doubled that to 1200 billion dollars. And he said, you know, deficits are okay when you have a deficit, you know, it's a way to stimulate the economy. But we know that, you know, you cannot stimulate the economy with borrowed money.


It's acidity for the economy. So now in Canada we are in, I believe in a recession. Our standard of living is going down. Actually what he did with Mass Immigration, that was, you know, is that was a big proponent of multiculturalism. You know, every culture are equal. So, And he did that in the 1970s, that philosophy. And now we have a legislation in Canada promoting multiculturalism. But add that with Mass Immigration, you have the perfect storm. You have people who are coming to our country and you don't ask them to integrate into our society.


You can keep your culture. You, you know, don't integrate into our society. We live in the ghettos and we have ghettos in Canada also. So a lot of people came to Canada and you know, the economy was growing because of the, the growth of the population. But you know, the population was growing faster than the economy. So our GDP per capital went down the last 10 years. So we are poor today in Canada. If you look at what, what we had 10 years ago, and it's because of Trudeau, it's because of Mass Immigration, it's because of big spendings. That's the, that's the legacy of Justin Trudeau.


Tens of thousands of Canadians killed themselves during his time. I mean, if there's one measure of happiness, it's like you don't kill yourself. Yeah. So if you have Canadians killing themselves, tens of thousands of them, then that, so my question is why isn't he in jail? And we're all excited to send all these people to jail. Andrew Tate must go to jail or whoever. But like, I don't understand why Justin Trudeau's not in jail for destroying an entire nation. But The good news right now is not in government anymore, but we still have the liberals. But we need to have a real inquiry about everything that happened during COVID-19. These people must be responsible. And you're right. And now they are not. It's like they want to turn the page about what they did to us during the Covid hysteria for them, you know, that was okay.


That was not okay. We had a charter of rights. They did not respect our Charter of rights. And you know, look at the Freedom convoy. The freedom convoy. For me, that was not a protest. That was a celebration of who we are as a Canadian. Yes. We decided, okay, now we will end that authoritarian government peacefully. And what Trau did, he invoked the, the Emergencies Act. Yes. That's an act that he used in times of war against us, against freedom fighters. And, you know, but at the end we were successful because, you know, couple of months after that, freedom convoy, all these authoritarian measures, you know, they disappeared.


And they, these politicians were not saying it's because of the Freedom convoy, but it was because of the freedom convoy. People were fed up at that time. And you know, but I cannot, I cannot understand why everybody's saying in Canada, that's okay. Just forget that. Forget what happened to you during COVID-19. You know, we need to, we needed to do that because, to protect yourself. But we know that that vaccine was not safe and effective. And we are still promoting the mRNA vaccine in Canada right now. We're, We're doing it in the United States Too. And, And, and I don't understand why. Yeah. And our proposal on that is a moratorium.


We want a moratorium on immigration, a pause on immigration, no more immigrants for a couple of years until we fix the problem of Mass Immigration and also a moratorium on these mRNA vaccine. We would Like that too. You never kind of get what you really want, do you? Yeah, But you need, you need to fight for that. Yes. You need to fight for that. So what is Trudeau doing? I mean, there are many people responsible. I would say I actually am one of the only Americans who's interested in Canada and really loves Canada. 'cause I live near Canada, but, and so I've followed it and I think there are a number of people, not just in Trudeau's party, but in the, in his coalition party who are responsible, but he's the most responsible.


So what is he doing now? I don't know. I don't know. I don't want to know talk her, but He just gets to like, walk around Canada free. Oh, he's still free. Actually. You put people in prison for opposing him. But I can tell you he needs a lot of security when he's I bet he does. Yeah. Oh yeah. You know, and look, we are fed up with the liberals and right now in, in that electoral campaign, it's all about, there's only one subject now. It's not, you know, I wanted to add that this election to be on Mass Immigration, that must be the most important. It is destroying our way of life. You know, and when I'm speaking about Mass Immigration, people don't understand that Last year in Canada, we had 1.3 million foreigners coming to our country for a country of 40 million people.


That is Mass Immigration. And Well, that's, That's an invasion. Yeah. 97% of the growth of our population last year was coming from Mass Immigration. This is the replacement doc theory. But it, it Was not a theory, it's a Reality. It's, it's in yeah, Canadian population, like the American population, the European population replaced That, that's what is happening in our country right now. And you know, the immigrants that are coming here, the foreigners that are coming to Canada, you know, are coming from countries that doesn't share our Western civilization values. So it's more difficult for them.


And they don't speak English or they don't speak French. They cannot integrate into our society. That's a big problem. That's a huge problem. And now you have the housing crisis because of that. Too many people, all these people need a roof. So, but, but the solution is, you know, it's question of supply and demand. You just have to stop the demand. And that will solve the housing crisis, of course. But you know, pev the leader of the conservative party, like the Republican party here in ca, in the us but they're not conservative. They're conservative in name only. Like, you know, the Pierre Pev, Pierre Poly is the leader of the Conservative Party. He Seems like a true fraud to me, like a pretty sinister fraud.


But you know, he is doing a campaign against Trump. They don't want to do a campaign to help Canadians and put our country first. Now it's all about, oh, the tariffs and you know, we need to do counter tariffs. But that's killing us because How about stopping immigration from India and Pakistan? Is that First First, please. Yes. First that That's, but that's not even a consideration. 'cause he's Gotten paid for No, they are pen, they are pandering. They, the liberals and the conservatives are pandering to these ethnic communities for votes. So that's why they don't speak about ending Mass Immigration. Actually poll have said we need to have 250,000 foreigners a year, plus international students, plus temporary foreign workers, plus refugees.


That will be about 1.5 million foreigners over three years. That is Mass Immigration in the middle of a Mass Immigration crisis. We cannot afford that. We cannot, that's the story. So Can I say like, again, just to the question I asked about Trudeau, I'm gonna ask the same about pev. Like who's paying him to do that? That's not, I mean, no one's benefiting. Maybe, maybe people from Bangladesh are benefiting. Okay. I'm not against them, by the way. I understand I'd move to Canada too if I lived in Bangladesh, but no one in Canada's benefiting from this. So why would Poly ev and Trudeau be embracing the same policy that everyone hates and is destroying Canada?


Yeah, you have a point there. 70% of the population in Canada, the last survey are saying no to Mass Immigration. We must end Mass Immigration. So your question is, if these politicians want to be elected, how come they are not listening to the population? Exactly. Because they are, you know, there's three Oh good. And 43 writings in Canada, and that's a parliamentary system. So they're looking at different writings And they want to have support in different writings to be able to have a majority. But in a lot of writings, there's a majority of foreigners or immigrants And they want to have their support.


But the new immigrants, so they are asking for having their family here in Canada with them. When I'm speaking about family, it's not the immediate family, mother, father, and, and children. No, it is, you know, your uncle, your grandmom, granddad, brothers, sisters, so the, the entire family, And they want them here in Canada. So they're saying, okay, reunification of family will do that for you. You'll be able to bring all your family here in Canada. So because of the electoral system, they're looking to win some writings to have a majority. And that's why they are not speaking for Canadians. They're speaking for different people in different writings.


So we see where they have a majority there. So what you're really saying is that a democratic system does not produce democratic results. We have these democratic systems throughout the West that have for 50 years done the opposite of what their populations want. Yeah. So it's, it's a democratic system without democracy. That's the way it feels to me. A A and when you have another point of view, like us, the people's party about that, they try to cancel you. They don't want you, they don't, you know, the mainstream media in Canada, they won't. It's like, I don't exist as a, a a, a populist party in Canada. So, so they don't want our point of view to be out there. So I need to do podcasts and you know, being with you and traveling across the country and being my campaign on doing my campaign on social media, that's the only way to be out there.


And they know if more people can understand our position, we will have more support. But they don't want that, you know, all these, they're globalists. The, the, the, I'm the only one who's fighting for the sovereignty of our country. For them, you know, more people would be okay. And for me, let just have that pause, you know, but they're not, we're destroying our country. But they're not Really globalists, are they? 'cause they're not doing this to China and Africa in the Middle East. They're not saying those nations need to invite a lot of people from different parts of the world. They're so, it's not actually global. It's only one site. It's anti-Western. Yes, yes. They're saying that there's something about a majority white Christian country that's inherently threatening and we're gonna destroy it.


And that's kind of not kind of, it is exactly what they've done. It's around the world. Yeah. What, what they, they did that in France, in uk, in Germany, and now in Canada. Absolutely. Absolutely. Yes. So you've got basically Russia left. Yeah. And of course that's the country they hate most. So it is a tell, like they're not screaming at Chairman Xi to let in a bunch of people from Nigeria. It's like, not even on the table. Yeah. They're not even demanding Japan do that. It's just Canada, uk, Western Europe, Australia, New Zealand and the US and that's it. That's It. And, and what they're doing. You know, if you are a leader of a nation, your first responsibility is to work for your people. And it's immoral what they're doing right now because they're helping foreigners more than Canadians.


Of course. What, what party have the leader of the conservative party of Canada and Kearney the leader of the liberal party of Canada. They're saying on Mass Immigration, we will, will solve that. We will build more houses for them. So what they're doing, they want more foreigners and that's why they're building more houses. But that's not to solve the housing crisis for Canadians. No. That's, you know, they are putting their energy to be sure that foreigners will come to our country And they will have a roof. I'm saying no, just stop that. Please, let's work for our people first. But Why do they hate? I mean, look, in the end, you understand motive by action. Like how does someone feel?


I don't know. Let's watch what he does. Yeah. So if you deny your children food, you probably hate your children. Yeah. You can say whatever you, I love my children, but if you're not giving them dinner, you hate them. Why do, and so they clearly pev and Trudeau and Carney really hate Canadians. Why is that? Why They what they like it's power. It's, it, it's, you know, I, I wish I have the answer to that. But they're telling you the opposite. They're telling you that they love, you know, Tucker, they're in that com trade war with us right now. Yes. Pev and currently are saying to us, Canadians, we love you.


We love you so much Canadians, that what we will do, we will impose countered tariffs because Trump is bad. President Trump is very bad, you know, and we want to keep our country united. We are a sovereign country. We love you. We will impose a new tax on you, 25% on everything that you are importing from the us. I told you the inflation is high in Canada, our standard of living is going down. And they add to that a new tax, 25%. And they're telling us it's because we love us. They love us, sorry. And so it's crazy. And, and you know, they're, they're okay with that. And the former prime minister of Canada, Stephen Opper, I was with him.


I was a conservative before I was elected for 13 years. I was a minister of foreign affairs and industry minister under the upper government. I resigned and we created our, the people's party in 2018. But opera just wrote a letter in the national post in Canada three weeks ago. And he said, we need to do that trade war with US dollar for dollar. And you know, you are 10 times bigger than us. We won't win a trade war against the us. That's true. And he said, dollar for dollar. And he said, yes, it'll hurt us Canadians. And yes, we may start a recession, but that's okay.


So what I'm telling Canadians, no counter tariffs, it's a tax that you impose on Canadians and Canadian businesses. You must stop that. We must have a deal with President Trump as soon as possible. And we are able to do that if we put everything on the table. But for Kearney and Poly f No, that's okay. And actually last week about this tariff, Carney said, okay, we'll impose another tariffs on the car imported from the US. And he said, the government will be able to raise $8 billion and we will give that to big corporations because they are affected by these tariffs.


They cannot export their products to the us. So what is telling us, I will take $8 billion for the poor consumers with that new tax. You, Canadians, consumers, you will pay that. And I will give that to big corporation taxing the poor and giving that to the rich. That that is the policy of the liberal government. And PEV is okay with that. That's crazy. And that is killing our economy. Why would a government spy on its own citizens?


Well, of course, because it doesn't trust its own citizens, because it's afraid of own citizens. When you're spied on, you're not free. No privacy, no freedom. So cameras everywhere, recording devices, always around you. These are reminders that you have no control over your government or your life. Civil liberties exists only at the behest of the people in charge, which means they don't really exist at all. We're starting to tell you this, but big tech is using these same tactics on you. The consumer who's actually the mark, they watch and track everything you do online. They hover over you like a dark cloud and you can't get rid of them. Well, unless you take extraordinary steps, ex except unless you have express VPN Express. VPN gives you privacy, which gives you freedom. It sends all of your online traffic through secure and encrypted servers. It blocks data brokers from watching what you're doing. You have privacy again. And therefore freedom. It hides your IP address. That means nobody can track what you're doing online. Again, you are free when you have privacy. There's a reason Express VPN was ranked number one, the number one VPN by the experts at cnet, also at the Verge in US News. It really is The best. And we use it here. Now You can get an extra four months of ExpressVPN for free. Just scan the QR code on this screen or go to ExpressVPN dot com slash tucker, get four extra months for free. That's ExpressVPN dot com slash tucker.


How much


The NBA playoffs are here And I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me. Chuck G, pt, what do you know? All sorts of interest in stuff. Even Charles Barkley's greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that New customers spent $5 to get 250 in bonus bets. If you win FanDuel America's number one sports book 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real money wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non withable bonus bets that expires seven days after receipt restrictions supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Upgrade your business with Shopify home of the number one checkout on the planet shop pay boosts conversions up to 50%, meaning fewer cart going abandoned and more sales going Cha-ching. So if you're into growing your business, get a commerce platform that's ready to sell wherever your customers are, visit Shopify dot com to upgrade your selling today Port is probably of have.


Yeah, you know, both of them are, are about tied in the, in the polls right now. But I don't know what will happen. Are there real differences between them On Paris? No, the the The On immigration? No. On immigration? No on climate change. Oh that's a good one. You know, PEV is supposed to be a conservative. It's supposed to No, our position, the people's party to withdraw from the Paris Accord. Of course like Trump. But for pev, the conservatives and liberal, there's a climate emergency in Canada. And we must do everything because It's too cold in Canada. Oh yeah, maybe. Yeah. It's too cold. Yeah, It's still pretty cold in Canada.


Yeah. Yeah. Had a cold. Sorry, it is a little bit cold. But that being said, yeah for, for PO and Connie, they wanna impose a carbon tax because Canadians don't want it. So they are listening a little bit to Canadians, but they wanna impose more regulations on businesses. They will impose other taxes to fight climate change and to be able to achieve the Paris Accord goal that we, that we have. And at the same time, look at that. CO2 for them is a pollutant. You know, CO2 is not good and we need to capture the CO2. So they're giving billion of dollars to a new technology to capture CO2 and put the CO2 down in, down, down in the ground.


So it's so bad for You. It's like a joke. Yeah, it's Like a joke. Yeah. But you know, Tucker, there's one natural technology to capture CO2. Yes there is. This is plants, trees, trees, plants. It is food for plants. We need more CO2, we don't need to capture CO2 and put it that in the ground. But they will spend billion of billion of dollars that we don't have to do That. Their children. And they're also hamstringing your country, preventing it from being rich on the basis of its abundant natural resources, which Canada has like the us like Australia has amazing natural resources. And they're basically saying we're not allowed to use them because the Chinese don't want us to.


It does seem like China controls your country. I'm just like, Right, speaking about China, CI CE is our secret service. And they did an investigation And they said, that's not me. They said it that our election in 2019 and 2021, we had Chinese interference in our elections. The Chinese communist party was giving money to some candidates from Chinese origin. So it's happening in our country right now. But Pollier is okay with that. And they said also there's MPS member members of Parliament in the Conservative Party of Canada and in the liberals party of Canada who are not loyal to our country.


They said it and we know we want to know the names of these people. But Pev and Kearney and Trau before that, they don't No, it's secret. We won't tell you who these people are. So we have member of members of parliament in the parliament in Canada where their first goal is to help their country of origin, China or India. So that is happening because of Mass Immigration. If you have all these people who are coming to our country, they're not, they're not part of this country. They're coming here only because of the economy. They want a better future economically. But you know, they don't share our values and their royalty is where with their country of origin.


Of course. So you've Had political assassinations that have nothing to do with Canada at all. I mean we have the same problem here. You know, everyone's yelling at each other about the Middle East. We've got nothing to do with the Middle East. Yeah. We Have a lot of people who have got a lot of strong feelings about the Middle East that have nothing to do with America at all. And we've got these massive protests, people yelling at each other about these far away countries. It's totally nuts as our population withers and dies. But you have the same problem. And you've had, you know, Sikh Indian rival. I don't even understand some of it. I'm not interested. Yeah. I'm not interested. I don't Think I should be interested, but but you've had people killed over this. Yeah, I'm not interested. Also, they're coming here and they're bringing their internal conflicts, the conflicts of their country of origin on our street.


They're doing that in Canada right now. So, you know, speaking about the Middle East, I'm not pro-Palestine. I'm not pro-Israel. I'm pro Canada. I feel the same. So, so we don't have, we don't have to do anything over there. And our position is, you know, we won't, we don't, we won't have any impact on the, the politics in Middle East, that's you in us will have the greater impact there. So that's why I'm saying I don't want to speak about that. That's not our issue. And same thing for the war in Ukraine. The war in Ukraine, I was the only leader saying, no, we must not participate in that war. But Pev and TuDu at that time, and nor Kearney, they are pro war And they are pro, you know, the, the war in Ukraine and actually right now, president Trump, he's doing the right thing.


Try to have a peace deal with Russia. And we in Canada are saying to Zelensky, we'll give you more ammunitions, we'll give you more resources. Let's have that peace deal. You know, And they're always, I notice every time I see your political leaders, that they're always talking about some, they've got very strong views in the Middle East. It's like a massive debate in Canada. You know, I, I'm kind of agnostic on it personally, but I just wonder, what does that have to do with Canada? They spend so much time talking about It. Yeah, we must not talk about that. Absolutely. We must talk about the real issues. You know, no more climate change, no more Paris accord, no more wealth health organization.


The globe, the UN global compact on migration. Canada signed that compact. So that's why, you know, for the UN migration is okay, everybody can go in any countries and you know, living there, You can be a citizen of Canada. No, it's a privilege to be a Canadian and that must be it. But you know, with that Mass Immigration, it is not a privilege anymore. We, we don't do any, it's Sad 'cause it was, I mean, Americans always made fun of Canada, but in a sort of sweet way. And I think Canada's Canadians, a lot of Canadians always resented the United States. 'cause it's this huge country. Right. You know, I get, I get all that. But in real life, Canada was always a very sweet, nice country.


Yeah. And beautiful, truly beautiful country. And you have this disastrous 10 years where your life expectancy goes down, your standard of living goes down the country really starts to fall apart and become authoritarian. The opposite of the sort of sweet Canadian culture You remember. And then your option, your option is a guy who actually agrees with the tyrant who destroyed your country. So it's, it's almost like, it's like our system. It's like we have Obama who's clearly like, hates America, terrible for America. But our option is John McCain and MIT Romney who agree with Obama. Yeah, yeah. It's like it all seems fake kind of. Yeah. No, But we are the only option for Canadians. That was, I'm telling Canadians, we are the populist and we can do a populist revolution based on free markets and respecting Canadians and working for Canadians.


But you know, that revolution will come in Canada, like in UK with Nigel Farash, you know, we had 15% of the vote at the last general election in uk. He was able to elect only six candidates. But now in the polls, if you look at the polls in uk, he's leading these polls. So that's good for him. And you have m lapin in France, I hope should be able to be a candidate for the presidential election. So, so that, that movement started here in, in the US with Trump and it, it is coming to Canada. That, that we are, we are representing that movement. But you know, it's, these two leaders are the same.


I call them, you know, the uni party liberals of conservative, they're libon party. That's, that's the same on the most important issue. And now in that electoral campaign, they are using slogan. Paul is losing. So I'm, I'm here for you. You know, I'm, I'm gonna put Canada first. He's saying that seriously by saying more war in Ukraine. More Mass Immigration, you know, we, he's not speaking about ending the deficit No more climate suicide. Yeah. Climate suicide and all that. And you know, our enemies Trump, president Trump. And so you said you can't get on Canadian media, which is Mainstream media, State media, right?


Yeah. I mean, doesn't, doesn't your government subset of give money to the media? Yeah, C-B-C-C-B-C and Zel Canada in French $1.2 billion. But the federal government is giving also $800 million to order, you know, media, mainstream media, CTV Global Mail. And so we, we will cut that. We want, you know, Why not have a free media? Why? That's it. I mean, state media is for North Korea, right? Yeah. Isn't that Yeah. Like free countries don't have state media, do they? That's why we want to cut that, that spending And if Canada or CBC, they're going bankrupt. That's it. That, that's, that's okay. You know, that's the free markets.


But they are the propaganda arms of the federal government, these mainstream media. And you know, the narrative on Covid. And now you have, at that time during the Covid hysteria, you know, you didn't have the other narrative on, on mainstream media. And now the narrative is we must save our country from Trump. You know, we are independent. We just need to have a good deal with President Trump. And so that's the narrative right now coming from the mainstream media. What, So can you get your message, like how do, how do you get your message out in Canada today With you? Is that right? Oh yeah. You know, you gotta Fly to the United States.


I Absolutely do. Canadians look at social media. Oh yeah, yeah, absolutely. That's the future. You know, I'm the only leader of a national political party in Canada who is doing podcasts and, and all these other, they won't, they cannot sit for an hour, two hours and having a discussion. They cannot do that. So, but the new way of doing politics, Trump did it. President Trump did it, and, you know, was successful. You need to have a discussion and explain your point of view and your political philosophy, political position. So I'm doing that. And the only one, and it's helping. Yes, it's helping. And he, I think, How are you treated by the Globe and Mail and CBC and Radio Canada?


I don't Exist. I don't even mention you. No, I Don't exist for them. I don't, and actually look at that. I was supposed, I did participated in the, the Leaders debate in 2019. We created that party in 20 18, 20 19 was our first election. And I did, participated, participated in the leaders debate against Trau. And at that time, but in 2021, they created a new rule And they said, okay Bernie, now you don't have the right and that commission, that leaders debate Commission, it's only to exclude, they exist only to exclude the people's party. And at this election, I was supposed to be able to participate in the national debates that will be next week.


But they change the rules just to exclude us. So that's not fair. That process is not fair. They're so afraid of our ideas. They don't want us to have any traditional platform. It's, that's frightening. Right? Can you raise money? Yes, we have generous by using, you know, our emails and our members, and yes, we have money. We are able to raise money and I want to thank our donors. They're very generous. And so you need to be a Canadian citizen to donate. Yes. And if they want to donate, they can go on our website, people's Party of Canada ca click donation. That will help us. Where are the French in all this?


I always felt I, you know, most Americans made fun of the French Canadians. I know a lot of them. I have a lot of French Canadian friends. I live near French Canada. And I, I've always liked them and I have always defended them. And I always liked them because they defended their own culture. Yeah. And their own language. Yes. Or a little hard to deal with. You know, the rest of French always complain about them and their license plates in Quebec and all that. But I always thought when it came right down to it, the French Canadians would defend their land, their culture, their language, their history. And they, they're doing that, right? I are They, I hope so. Yeah. They are doing that right now. Look at, at the provincial level in Quebec, there's the party Quebec, the separatist party, and a young charismatic leader is the leader of that party.


And the election at the provincial level in Quebec will be in 2026. And he speaking about separation. And separation is growing in the polls right now. Why? Because of Trau, because of Mass Immigration. The Francophone are looking at it. All these immigrants and foreigners that are coming to Quebec and Canada who don't speak French, they cannot integrate in the francophone culture. Culture. Yes. So, so there's, they don't like that. So they're looking at the Quebec and the Parque. Bewa is winning the polls right now. And the leader said, if I'm the new premier of Quebec, a year after my election, I will do a referendum on the independence, the sovereignty of Quebec.


So it's, it's back now because of Mass Immigration and in Alberta they're so mad about Awa and you know, because they cannot export their natural resources with, you know, climate change regulations against the whole oil and gas industry that more, more Albertans are separatists now. So I'm telling Canadians, we are the only hope for this country. If we want to save this country, the people's bodies there, because we will respect our constitution. We will have a radical decentralization. Alberta will be able to do that. We won't participate in the Paris Accord. We won't participate with these globalists at the UN or the world economic firm, or well health organization.


So will be real independent country. But Ottawa will be a smaller government that will be only in charge of his constitutional, constitutional responsibilities and not interfering in provincial jurisdictions. Now you have that separatist movement in Alberta because of the federal government that is, you know, telling Albertans what to do. And Albertans don't like it. And I understand that. Do you think there's a chance that Alberta joins Montana, You know, they can stay in the country and I hope that they don't stay in the country if, if the people's party position is adopted in our country, if we win, because we will have a radical decentralization.


And I believed and will respect their jurisdiction, provincial autonomy. And I, I hope that they will stay. If not, they will want to be independent or they can be the first 51st state. I don't know. But that being said, my goal is to unite this country and we, our policies, we will, but if we go with poly F or, or, or Kearney, that would be the end of this country in couple of years. And actually Preston Manning, Preston Manning was the re leader of the reform party in the 1980s. And that at that time, you know, west, the western Canadians were very mad.


At Ottawa. Yes. With, with Trudeau. And they had that regional political party, the Reform party, and very successful. And after that, the reform party did merge with the Canadian Alliance. And after that, the conservative party of Canada. So the reform body does not exist anymore. And, and our platform, it's about 90% of the reform, more autonomy, less government, you know, fiscally responsible. But Preston Mining said two days ago that, you know, if, if the nothing's changed in this country, it would be good for Alberta to separate. He's saying that as the former leader of a party who try that party that tries to have Western back in Canada, you know, by, by changing ot.


And that wa he was not successful. And now he's saying to Albertans, you know, yeah, separation, I'm okay with that. If Ottawa doesn't do anything for us, that will be the only solution. But we need, and that's why for me personally, I decided to jump into politics in 2006 to have a federal government that will respect our constitution, that will be a smaller government, that will have a real free markets. But that is not


happening. Now we're sure you've heard plenty of those free phone promises from America's biggest wireless carriers. If those deals sound too good to be true, it's probably because they are very often too good to be true. They come with layers of fine print requiring you to sign up for four lines plus activation fees, plus, plus plus this, that the other thing. You don't even understand what you're signing up for. And by the time you're done, you've paid for that free phone. Three x. It was a pretty expensive free phone. It's kind of a scam. Honestly. Our wireless company is called PureTalk and it's got a much better and much more straightforward offer. And it comes to no strings whatsoever attached with a qualifying plan of just 35 bucks a month, you get legitimately the brand new Samsung Galaxy A 26 for free. It's actually free. There aren't hidden costs. You're not signing up the rest of your life or promising to name your kid after them or something. From virtually indestructible gorilla glass to next generation camera lenses. The phone has basically everything that you want. All you need to do is switch to PureTalk, 35 bucks a month for unlimited talk text and 15 gigs of data with mobile hotspot. All on America's most dependable 5G network. Go to PureTalk dot com slash talker to claim your free Samsung Galaxy with qualifying plan. When you switch to PureTalk Wireless buy Americans For Americans


Spring is here and so are tulips from one 800 flowers.com. But these aren't just any tulips. 1-800-FLOWERS has bright, bold, and long lasting tulips grown in rich soil for bigger blooms and sturdier stems. And they're shipped straight from the farm the same day they're picked right now. When you buy 15 tulips from 1-800-FLOWERS, they'll double your bouquet to 30 tulips. Visit one 800 flowers.com/spotify to claim this special offer. That's one 800 flowers.com/spotify.


What makes a great pair of glasses at Warby Parker? It's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95, including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, smudge resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses or find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to warby parker.com. That's warby parker.com.


Do you know Justin Trudeau personally? I had a dinner with him when I was in Parliament when he was in the opposition a long time ago. And you know, he's full of himself. But you know, he is a funny guy, but he Oh, he's charming in person. Oh yeah, he is charming. He's funny and you know, but actually it's all about himself. Yeah, it's all about himself. Is he Fidel Castro's son? That's a good question. We need to have a DNA on that Do. But do people in Canadian government believe that he might be, But Canadians? Some Canadians believe for sure. Oh actually, yes. And you know, that's on social media, You can see that.


So it's not just a crazy theory. That could be true. You think. Well You can for some It's crazy from other it is not. Yes, but it's, it is a real question. Certainly looks like it. He looks like it. Yeah. One of the, I'm not for socialized medicine, I guess, but, but I don't have really strong feelings. I just want something that works, I guess is what I really, but it is not working in Canada. Well, It's just sad. 'cause you would go to Canada, I've spent a lot of time there hunting and fishing and even the conservative Canadians say, you know, we've got this great healthcare system. And they were so proud of their healthcare system And they really were, I remember very well, 30 years ago, they would always tell you, And they were a little bit insecure and defend, you know, we're can, you know, we're Canada, we're a real country, they're always be like that.


But we have this great healthcare system And they really were proud, I think. Yeah. Were They, but that's not the case right now. They were, I know that's not the case right now because the wa waiting list for surgeries, You can wait a year. So it, and you know, we are spending a lot of money for healthcare and that's not functioning. So, but do people feel like it's not working in Canada? Yeah, more people actually. Oh yeah, more people. So they're ready. My position is for every Canadian to have an insurance. Everybody will have an insurance And they will be able to choose If they can go to a private hospital or a public hospital, like in Sweden, like in European countries, they're spending less on healthcare, but they're more effective for us.


You know, we need to put more competition in the system. So, and that would be a mixed system. We don't have that right now. You know, there's, in some provinces, like in Quebec You can have, you know, private clinic that can do some surgeries, but you know, all across the country we need to have more private delivery of healthcare services and we don't have that. And so more Canadians now understand that and they're ready for that reform, does it? But establishment politicians won't speak about that, right? Because it's a taboo subject Yes. To to to, to ask for more private delivery of services. But the system itself doesn't work very well right now. Doesn't work, doesn't work.


Immigration must be putting huge strain on that system. That's Why that's me on that system, on our infrastructures, on healthcare, on Schools, housing Schools, all that. Housing. It's, it's, that must be the first priority for us in Canada and for the mainstream media, the mainstream politician. It is not, we are, you know, with the liberals, we are going, you know, driving into a wall and with the conservative we are driving into a wall, but at a different speed. That's, that's sad. Same, same here. I'm not a conspiracy person, but like if every quote democratic system in the west has the same outcome, which is two parties that fundamentally agree on the big issues, but pretend to hate each other while the real concerns of the population are ignored.


You gotta wonder like how did every country in the west wind up with the same fake system? Like honestly, how did that happen? Yeah, We must admit that the, the, the globalist organizations and the world economic firm, they, they have huge influence. They're, they're think tank. They are promoting their socialist globalist ideas in Canada and other countries. And you have our elites, they are going to Davos, they like that and they're, oh, that's a good idea. They think that they know better than us. What it's good for Canadians and you know, they want to fix everything. And you know, a solution to every problem must be a governmental solution, must be a, a solution that is coming from the government.


But the government is the problem. We have too much government in our lives. So, so that, that's a problem in, in western society right now. Mass, Immigration, big government, big deficit, high inflation, all that must change. Do you have friends or family who've left Canada? I know people, not family, but I know people that they said it's business. People are saying, you know, I don't want to invest in Canada right now there and our private investment is going down and you need investment for economic growth. Of course. So, so yeah, some people are leaving the country, but my goal, I I'm telling them stay in Canada, do the fight with me together, we can do that fight.


You know, we will win that battle of ideas. We have The best ideas based on individual freedom, personal responsibility, respect small government. We have faith in people. We don't have faith in a big fat government. So stay what he stay in Canada, fight with me and, and you know, that's the fight. We need to win that fight. Why did they take all your guns away? Oh, trau did it. And he was very successful to do that. You know, trau doesn't want us to defend ourself. And that's why in our platform we have the, the cast doctrine. You know, you must be able to have a gun. You must be able to defend yourself and your property with that.


We need to change our criminal code for that. And our position as political party, we will repeal every legislation that we do put in to be sure that it will eliminate all the guns. But for him, you know, and, and, and for the conservative also on guns, they're dangerous. People are, are not responsible. They must not have guns. So that's why we have very tough legislation on guns in Canada. I noticed That. And they don't respect property rights on gun. You know, the federal government can decide tomorrow and with a new regulation, this gun is illegal and the RCMP, our police will go and seize your gun.


You're Very heavily armed. I've had a couple encounters with Canadian law enforcement over the years, bat encounters. And boy, they're heavily armed, dead and very aggressive. Very aggressive. They're not the kind of polite Canadians you think about. RCMP is like not anyone to mess with. They seem like a military force to me. Alright? But now they're a work organization. I know the leader of the RCMP, they work, you know, you know the, you know now in the RCMP and in the Canadian forces, You can be a a soldier for us without being a Canadian citizen. What? Without being a Canadian citizen. You are a, you are an immigrant.


You can be part, You can participate in the Canadian forces. So you're not a citizen of Canada, but they'll hand you an automatic weapon and And defend our country that you don't know. But a Canadian citizen can't have a gun at home. But they'll give some foreigner an automatic weapon. A fully automatic machine. Yeah. Very dangerous one. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So that suggests like they don't have good planes for you. That's not a good sign. Right? That is not, that's that's why we need that revolution. You know, we need to change the leadership at that. The Canadian forces and RCMP having real people promoting people because of their competence. Competence, you know, the DEI in Canada, it's, it's killing everything Trau gave still.


Oh, still Trau is the liberals are giving a lot of money to third party organization to promote DEI Anti-white And policies. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. They're doing that. And you know, they would, they, they're gonna promote people based on the color of their skin in, in, in the government and in the Canadian forces based on your sexual orientation. We must not do that. You know, it's against the western civilization values. We must promote meritocracy. So I'm saying instead of DEI, it must be not diversity, but unity instead of equality. It must be, it must be.


You know, everybody must be equal before the law. Exactly. And that, that's part of our values. And you know, inclusion, you want to have people who are not competent to do something and in the government or in the Canadian forces, it must be based on marial. Cressey. That's, and that's why, you know, what Trump is doing, what President Trump is doing in the US fighting that. It's great because our mainstream media now in Canada, they have to speak about what is happening in the US and they're speaking about what President Trump is doing, you know, promoting marital CRE and ending all that woke ideology.


And so that is part of the narrative now in Canada. So more people understand what is DEI, what is the woke ideology? Because when I'm speaking about that, and you know, it's part of our program for the last six years when I'm speaking about that the mainstream media won't cover me. So now they're speaking against a little bit the DEI because they're speaking, they're, they're telling us what Trump is doing in the us but for them it's very bad. But at least they're speaking about that. And so people can think, yeah. You know, promoting people based on your competence must be the thing that you must do.


I was in a restaurant the other night, In fact this weekend, and I had a little trouble hearing what people were saying and I thought to myself, I'm a little young to go deaf. Why? Well, because I grew up shooting bird hunting, target shooting. And I remember my father saying, just stick a Marlboro filter in your opposite ear and you'll be fine. I wish we'd had suppressors, but we didn't. You can now check out silencer Central silencers play a crucial role in improving accuracy, maximizing your experience and protecting your hearing. They're not dangerous or scary, it's just the opposite. Not using them can be dangerous. Have dinner with me in a restaurant and you'll know what I mean. Silencer Central can fix your problems immediately. They will find the perfect silencer for you and make it very easy to buy one. It's not the hassle you thought it was. I know. 'cause I just went through it. So you get approved and then silencer central ships your order straight to your door, no hassle whatsoever. It is easy. It doesn't get any better In fact. So if you thought it was impossible to shoot suppressed you were wrong, go to silencer central.com right now. Start browsing, use the code Tucker 10 for 10% off your first purchase of Banish Suppressors. Highly recommended.


Big Tech is a bull in a China shop. Big tech is taking advantage of outdated federal regulations that just might put local TV and radio stations out of business. It's time to modernize Washington's restrictions on TV and radio station ownership. Visit nab.org/modernize the rules and tell policymakers to let local stations compete. This message paid for by the National Association of Broadcasters.


I, I wonder at a certain point, and clearly Trudeau and Pev and the rest of them kearney think this too. But like, how far can you push people before you know, they respond in an unreasonable, violent way. I mean, if this wasn't cannabis, any other country, I would say, boy, they're gonna get a revolution if they're not careful. Like you can't oppress people like this. Yeah. You can't offer them suicide instead of healthcare. You can't flood their societies with foreigners. You can't destroy their standard of living. You can't throw them in jail for expressing opinions without provoking like a violent response. Are they worried about that? Is that why they took your guns away? If they're worried about that, you know, I'm not worried about that as a leader of A I'm against violent revolution, just for The record.


Yeah, yeah. I'm against also that. No, it would be, you know, the revolution will come when people will be ready and, and it's happening right now. You can see the change. You can see we have more support as a new political party. People understand the battle that we are doing. And I, I believe it would be a quiet revolution. They're gonna say, you know, enough is enough and that, that that will happen. But I, I soon, I don't know, it may be in couple of years or couple of months, we, we never know. But you see throughout the west, the democratic system controlled by authoritarians excluding people from the system.


You see with Maureen Lapin right now in France, you were justly, you knocked outta the debates. JCU and Romania arrested for running on a populist position, the most popular politician in the country. And he's arrested because, because he's the most popular. Yeah. So they're basically denying people a democratic outlet for their frustrations. They're saying even your voting, this country, they stole the 2020 election. Obviously they're basically not allowing people any way to express their views at all. And that seems like a scary thing to do. But we can have another freedom convoy in Canada that was very successful and you know, that was successful because at the end we were able to stop these draconian mares on us with that freedom convoy.


So maybe something like that can happen. A very peaceful protest in Canada saying to our politicians, enough is enough. It can happen. Yeah. Who is Carney? Can you explain who Mark Carney is? Oh my God. He's the leader of the liberal party. He was the replacement for Trudeau. He is, he is the globalist in chief. You know, he was as you know, talker the special envoy on climate action and finance for the un. And he wrote a book about climate change and, and you know, imposing a carbon tax. But now he's a politician And he knows that it is not popular to impose a carbon tax.


Canadians are, they don't want to pay more taxes anymore. So he said, I want to impose a carbon tax. But he is an part of, he is part of the elite, you know, with the UN and the World Economic Forum and for Canadians right now, it's like, you know, that's a Trau 2.1. But you know, he looks more competent because he was the governor of the Bank of Canada actually. And he, he believes in the printing money out of tinier that we can have deficit and you know, the Bank of Canada will buy Canadian bonds. And so like they did during COVID-19, I'm waiting for him and eth to tell us when they will balance the budget.


As I, I know what President Trump is doing in the US with the Doge Doge. It's, we need to do the same in Canada. We need to do the same. And I said that in 2020 we need to have a department of downsizing, the government. We need to do that. But he is a big spender. And for him, you know, and, and Paul have spending money, money that we don't have. It's okay. That is creating inflation and we are paying the inflation tax in Canada right now. What kind of support does, does Carney get from new Canadian citizens, from immigrants? He has a lot of support from the mainstream media now, you know, the mainstream media.


He is promoting him, you know, You can read the news in Canada since the, the beginning of the electoral campaign and Carney, you know, it's always the way that The president Carney in the news, it's always the, the more favor favorable way so that that's good for him because now, you know, if you look at the polls, it's doing well, but I don't trust these polls anymore. And, but with the population, with that narrative, they're looking for somebody that will save the country against President Trump. The campaign is not between, you know, Kearney against poll ev and you know, they're fighting against each other.


No, both of them are fighting against Trump with the tariff. And they, you know, they're fake patriots. They're fake patriots. They're using that, they're using the fear of the tariffs and the economic situation in Canada and to, to promote themself, of course wi with a fake patriotism. And, And there is preexisting sensitivity about the United States. I mean that's part of what it is to be Canadian. There is a love of the United, this is my read as an observer of your country, there's a love of the United States. A lot of Canadians love the United States, but there's also resentment 'cause it's just so big and it's right there. Yeah. And, and that resentment is real. I mean, I've always felt it when I'm in Canada and they're basically, and Trump has allowed them to do this.


I mean, just be honest about it, But we must understand what President Trump is doing. You know, the global view of all that. He started with tariffs. That's so key. It's a way for him to negotiate. We must not do counter tariffs in Canada, but the end goal is to ate the manufacturing industry in us. And you know, he wants to make America great again. He's fighting for you guys. For Americans. I want to do the same in Canada. I'm fighting for Canada and fighting for Canadians. So it's okay to, to want to have the manufacturing sector back in the US For us in Canada, we just have to be more productive and lower taxes to businesses.


Having a more productivity economy, a real free trade across the country. There's a way to do that for us to keep investment here in Canada. But our, our policies are not efficient anymore. And there are too many taxes, too many regulations. And so, but what pro, what President Trump is doing, the, the real solution for that and the problem, it's because of your daughter, as you know, Tucker, the dollar is the world's, world's reserve currency. Yes. And because of that, you have the fin dilemma. So you know, your dollar is very strong and other countries need your dollar because, you know, to, for international transaction to buy oil and gas, they need your dollars.


So you are exporting your dollars and you know, you, your, your exports exports are very expensive and not competitive because your dollar is so strong. Exactly. The demand for your dollar is very strong. So, and, and your imports are very cheap. So the way to solve that, to be able to export is to end the, the dollar as the world reserve currency. But that, that will, that will mean means a very tough transition. Yes, it does. With inflation, all these dollars will come back to the US and that will create inflation.


So we need, we need to end that, you know, fiat currency and going back to a gold standard. And that's why I believe, you know, gold goal is coming to us right now. And I think something will happen. We'll have a monetary reset or something will happen. And here in Canada we are not in a good position because our central bank, the Bank of Canada doesn't have any gold reserve. So if we have a new monetary system, You have no gold reserves In Canada. No gold reserve. Why? They they sold all that we have. They sold your gold Reserve. Oh yeah. We have a lot of your treasuries. But we don't have any gold. No. We are the only central banks. The only one in western, Western world who that doesn't have any gold.


We don't have, but, But Canada's a huge gold Producer. Yes. At least, at least we can produce gold. Yeah. A Lot of gold. Yeah. You have actually some of the de I think you've got some of the deepest gold reserves in the Canadian mint. Yeah, yeah. Of course. Your, your gold one ounce coins are currency or, or an investment Yeah. For people around the world. That's interesting. But our central, our central bank doesn't have any gold. So, so Who thought that was a good idea? I don't know. But you know, they, they decided to solve that couple of years ago. And so, and now we are in a very bad situation because I believe that, you know, the, the role of the US dollar will be very different.


Yes. That's obvious. If something will happen to solve your problem about, you know, the manufacturing sector, It's a blessing and a curse. No, that's right. Yeah. Having the world's reserve currency is, and once the war in Ukraine started and sanctions were used as a, as a weapon, the dollar was used as a weapon. It was the end of the Yeah. Long term. It was the beginning of the end of the US dollar. Yeah. The, the data authorization is coming and it's happening right now. So it's a question of time, but I understand that President Trump wants to do the transition, but it, it, it'll hurt. It'll be difficult. Yes, it will. And and I, you know, I agree with him about his end goal to have manufacturing sector back in the us I want the same in Canada.


And so we must have a real, a, a good economic policies. And you know, the way to solve that, we have our Bank of Canada did the same thing like the Fed during COVID-19. We printed a lot of money. Now we have that inflation and, and I'm the only politician who's saying, you know, we need to have a zero inflation target with the Bank of Canada, our Bank of Canada. The, as a target of 2% inflation every year, 20% inflation. Tucker is bad. Yeah. 2% inflation is bad. We need to have zero inflation like that. Everybody will keep their purchasing power. And so, and, and, and if you want to have that, you need to have a balanced budget.


So we balance the budget in first year. We tell the Bank of Canada a zero inflation target. We have surplus and all the surplus must go to, to lower taxes, to Canadians and you know, a flat tax on business. No more capital gains tax. That's our proposal for Canadian to have a better and a more productive economy. PEV won't speak about that. Kearney won't speak about that, but we need to tackle that. President Trump is doing that right now. He's trying to do that right now. There's a cost to that, but at least it's not kicking the can down the road for sure. Like everybody did before him. If you have debt levels at the level that Canada does, certainly in the United States, much bigger debt than Canada's you, the government needs inflation.


Yeah. The government creates inflation because they, that's the only way to get out of the debt, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. No one says that. No, no. This is like a product of choices that our policy makers consciously make in order to, you know, inflate down the debt. Yeah. But that's, that's what happened after the second World war in Canada. You know, we had in the 1940s, we had 10 years of inflation to pay for the, the debt that we had after the war. So now, you know, not only the US Canada, and all western countries, you know, have huge debt, huge deficit. So something will happen. So, and you know, we will have to reevaluate gold.


We may have a, a kind of a gold standard, but inflation is bad for the population. It's good for government because they can print money, print money and you know, giving us a lot of, a lot of gifts with, you know, paying for a lot of programs. But you know, that is creating inflation and now you have inflation in the US and we have inflation in Canada and we may have that inflation for the next five, 10 years. That's the way to deal with the debt. And I'm saying that, you know, the deficit of today are the taxes of tomorrow or the inflation of tomorrow. So the inflation is coming, is there and it is coming.


And when you have inflation, what will happen after that interest rate, they will have to go up. So we are in a very difficult situation, Canada and US and, and other, you know, western countries right now. So that's why what Trump is doing by all these tariffs is asking all these country come and have a negotiation. But I believe the negotiation won't be on tariffs. It'll be of a new monetary order. We need that. I think that's right. And it's inevitable. Yeah. You know, we're getting it. Yeah, yeah. De dollarization is real. And it's, and again, it's just inexorably. You can't stop it. So it does seem big picture if you're just looking at the world. A lot of these conflicts are about resources. Yeah. Like physical things.


Yeah. Oil and gas, iron ore. Yeah. Vite grain. Gold. Gold, I mean. Right. Uranium Uranium Canada has a lot of, not all, but a lot of those things, some of the deepest deposits in the world. Water Canada has massive amounts of fresh water. So I'm wondering what's happening to all your resources? Is anyone paying attention? You, I mean, 'cause China needs the resources Yeah. To, to fuel its manufacturing Asian and broadly speaking, Asian needs those resources. Are they still under Canadian control? It's a good question because China tried to buy some of our resources couple of years ago. And at least the federal government did stop that.


So yes, it, it is under our control. But the problem is not who is controlling our natural resources. It's, we are not able to export them with our regulations and taxes. The last 10 years, the 10 years the AU government told the, you know, the industry, the mining industry, and oh, you know, oil and gas and we need to get rid of that. It's not, it's not clean and we cannot export that. So we put a lot of regulations. We cannot have pipeline, we cannot export and, and, and export our natural resources. No pipelines. So, and that's, that's the problem is the regulations and the fact that the federal government is doing everything to stop the exploitation of our natural resources.


TDO did everything to do that And he was successful. So now we don't have any pipelines. And so we are send sending our oil and gas to you guys to the US at a discount because we cannot have access to another, to other markets. So, good for you, but bad for us. So we need to do that. And we are this country, Canada can be a great country if we have the right policies. So I, I don't, I mean, it's very obvious that climate change has been going on since the beginning of time. Right. The climate, we had glaciers, now we don't, et cetera, et cetera. The climate is always changing. Natural phenomenon are responsible for the overwhelming amount of that change.


Not human activity. Like that's just science. Yeah. Yeah. Anyone says otherwise a freaking liar. Yeah. Over 90% is caused by Yeah. And we, we need more CO2. Exactly. But like a country like Russia, which is slightly more rational than the West, I would say, looks at climate change and says, well wow, this is good for us 'cause we're a really cold country. Yeah. And huge parts of our, of our country are inaccessible because if cold and if it gets warmer, that's like good for us. Yeah. That would be especially true for Canada. There are whole parts of Canada, Canada's like Yeah. Much bigger than the United States and Yeah. Everyone in Canada is 50 miles from the US border. Yes. Yes. Like, why wouldn't like Hudson Bay be a Yeah. I mean there's so much opportunity in climate change in Canada.


Does anyone ever say that? Yeah, But no, it's bad. You know, it's bad climate change, but Is it bad if you're Canada? I don't really get that. No, it, it is not bad. But for them it is so bad that we must fight that. And you, it's so bad that we think that we can control the climate. You know? It, it's crazy. You know, we can, we, You can control the climate by, you know, regulation and things like that. It's so complex that we cannot, but, but there's no climate emergency. Can you understand that? Well, But also there's, we can't control the climate. Yeah, we can't. You're right About that. Right. 'cause we're not God. Yeah. Canada was a religious country. Even when I was a kid. The French Canadians were very religious.


They built all through the, you know, northern New England. There are all these Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, temple cathedrals built by Yeah. Tics. Yeah. Big time. Yeah. And now they're all empty. Sadly. But, and those cities are all African. But, but anyway, there was a time when Canada was a very religious country. Now it seems like one of the most non-religious atheist countries in the world is that your, But we are not promoting our history as a country with that multiculturalism act. You know, You can come here and you know, you know, and, and keep your, your culture and don't integrate to our society. But that being said, in our constitution, it is written in our constitution that this country has, we build on the supremacy of God and the rule of law.


That's part of our constitution. But yes, actually the we freedom of religions exist in our country. And I'm okay with that. But I, I hope that we can promote our history. You know, this country Canada has been built, we know with settler from France, France from uk, from, and, and with indigenous people. But the new immigrants who are coming here, they don't know the history of this country. You know, I've have traveling across the country and I deliver a speech And they told me, Maxim, you are an immigrant also. I'm not an immigrant. I'm a settler.


You know, my descendants are French. You know, I'm not, I I didn't, I didn't come to this country 20 years ago. You know, my roots are deep in this country in Canada. So, so we need to, that's why we need to stop that Mass Immigration and, and promote our history, our value, our our values, our Culture. What is your license plate say in Quebec? What does that mean? I remember. I Remember exactly. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So we need to remember us. But you don't remember it seems like. No, We don't. So last question, how does this imp I mean, it does seem like a, any country ours definitely us definitely included, reaches the tipping point with population where there are just too many people who have no roots in the country.


Yeah. That have different alien agendas and it basically becomes unmanageable and there's sort of no turning back. The country can never be what it was. You can't make it great again. How far is Canada from that? I'm looking in UK right now. What's happening there? And in France, we are not there, but we are near, if we, you know, I said 10 years ago, we need to have a maximum of 100, not 10 years, eight years ago. We need to have a maximum of 150,000 immigrants a year. Didn't, and at that time I was racist because I was speaking like that, but I was not. And you know, and now I'm saying we need to have that moratorium because, you know, we had Mass Immigration.


But if we don't stop in, in 10 years, I, I told you, you know, one point 97% of our population, the growth of our population is coming from immigration. If we have that two, three, or five years more, you know, trouble will, trouble will be on the street more often than they are right now. So, answering your question, Tucker, we are near, we are near that, you know, we may lost our country. And that's why I'm saying, you know, I want to save this country and we, the people's body are the only, the only hope for this country. Let's stop that Mass Immigration, have time to integrate all these people and, you know, it'll, we will be able to regain our country.


But if we don't do that, I'm scared. I'm scared for the future of our country. Well, your Canadian refugees are always welcome here. I mean it, I I'm gonna continue my defensive Canada as a, as a really gr I'm and you have a nice weather. So here for I like cold weather. So I, I love Canada. Well, Maxim, Thank you very much. Thank you. I appreciate it. That was fun. We wanna Thank you for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day. We know the people who run it. Good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bell so you never miss an episode. We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter.


Telling the truth. Always, you'll not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell. We appreciate it. Thanks for watching.