
I am genuinely honored to introduce Megyn Kelly, who I could talk for like an hour about, actually, since I know Megyn Kelly really well. And I would just say a couple things about Megyn Kelly. Megan Kelly's a, well, she was at the company that we once worked for. I was a TV company based in New York City on sixth Avenue. And I got there after being fired from a couple of different jobs. And, and so I was like totally powerless and, you know, disgraced or there was, I've had many firings, but I was in the middle in between firings at the time. And Megyn Kelly was the, was the dominant person there 'cause she was the most talented person in the building, just like pure talent and Megyn Kelly for reasons that I've never even asked her.


I don't know the answer went out of her way to help me. Like to such an extent. I didn't even really know Megyn Kelly, but Megyn Kelly went out of her way and I mean out of her way, like at risk to herself, like in some meeting, you know, I don't know. That guy's kind of a buffoon. No, he's good. You should promote him. And I don't, I don't, again, I don't know why she did that. Well, I do know why actually. 'cause Meg Kelly is actually a really decent person. And if you're, which I shouldn't even have to say, but if you're a lawyer on tv, which she is like, you would not wanna be cross examined by Megyn Kelly at all. That would be a nightmare. You would lose actually. Probably get the death penalty for whatever the offense.


I'm just laying my electrical bill, just San Quentin, you know, she's tough. It's really striking to see what a truly graceful and gracious person she is. And I've just lived that firsthand. She's also, you know, just the smartest and the coolest. So with that ladies and gentlemen, Megyn Kelly, This is cool. Wow, this is so beautiful. Thank you. Thank You. Can, can I say one other thing about Megyn Kelly before I let Megyn Kelly talk, I'm not gonna say much. If So, if you spend your life in a studio, it's just so interesting.


You have total control over everything. And most people who don't, who, who do that, really don't like live events. 99%. In fact, the most talented People, you know, on television and radio do not like to be in large rooms full of people. 'cause they, they're uncomfortable around people. Megan is the exception to that. And I think it just shows her love of people. And I just really noticed that today. Can you believe he didn't know why I kept telling them Tucker's good. Trust me, he's the only one who doesn't understand that. Thank you. Was obvious to anyone with eyes and ears. What a star he was. Well, thank you. Whether it was Weekend Fox and Friends or in the prime time of Fox always been a believer.


It was not obvious to everyone. I will say that, including some of my relatives. But thank you so much. It was Obvious to the smart ones. So, okay, so I'm at lunch today. We land, we're in Tulsa this morning, land here, landed within 30 minutes. I'm at a barbecue place behaving like an animal, overeating all kinds of stuff on my shirt. I really just braced Myself. I'm gonna tell Casey means about this When I see it. Yeah, it was, it was disgusting. I have to get under control. But this couple came out to me and they're like, oh, we just came from Dallas 'cause we heard Megan. I said, we're going to Dallas. She's like, yeah, but we came to see Megan. Okay cool. And they're like, you have to ask Megan about Taylor Swift. And no, this happened to me. This just this.


I know. And I'm only dimly aware of who Taylor Swift is 'cause I don't have a tv. Okay? So I'm go on the internet much and then I come here and someone's like, are you gonna ask her about Taylor Swift? I've got thoughts. So it's a sincere question. Why are people telling me to ask you that? And do you think Taylor Swift, who apparently endorsed Carmela Harris just the other day will have I know, oh, I know. I'm not here to endorse Taylor Swift. Trust me. Will this have an effect? What's the significance of this? I don't know whether it will have an effect. I mean, supposedly some 350,000 people have rushed to some website to register to vote or to express interest in potentially doing that. But young people don't generally vote.


And I don't think people who at this point in the election cycle had not registered to vote are not gonna do it because of Taylor Swift. But let's set that to, to the side. Screw you, Taylor Swift. That's how I would like to Begin. This woman has got how she's a billionaire. I, I saw her amazing mansion in Rhode Island. I went to some hotel there, And, there it is. Up on a cliff. You've never seen a more beautiful home. It's one of what, 20. She's got so many gifts, thanks to all of you, thanks to your daughters who you probably had to drag to her concerts and you wanna make your daughter happy.


And so you didn't. And it's true whether you're a Republican or a Democrat. And how does she thank this nation? She turns around. Not only does she pick a side in a hotly contested presidential election, alienating at least half of her fan base. But she says the reason she's voting for Kamala Harris is because of Tim Wall's. L-G-B-T-Q stance. Do you know what Tim Walls has done on the L-G-B-T-Q front? Tim Wa let me, lemme tell you what's gonna happen. Okay, what, here's what's gonna happen. A a little girl sitting in Wisconsin who's maybe on the spectrum, maybe has acne, maybe is a little heavyset, maybe feels upset 'cause her parents are getting divorced.


Something like that is going to find herself down a rabbit hole on Reddit. And her parents aren't gonna know because they're gonna divorce and they're not focused on her right now. And she's gonna spend hour after hour on that thing. And Reddit's gonna tell her she's actually a boy and she's gonna get sucked into this gender cult. And she's gonna say, mom and dad, I want puberty blockers into cross-sex hormones, which will sterilize her and deprive her of all sexual pleasure for the rest of her life. And they're gonna say, no, you're a girl. And she's gonna say, but I want, I want top surgery. This benign thing, this double mastectomy where I'll have tubes coming out of me and I'll never breastfeed a child. I want that too because I'm a boy. And they're gonna say no. And she's gonna go to a judge in Minnesota and because of Tim Walls, the court will take custody of her, use the Medicaid funds in Minnesota to provide her all of those things, chop off her breasts, sterilize her with the puberty blockers under the cross-sex hormones.


And when this girl inevitably comes to the conclusion that she didn't want any of this, that it only added to her problems, which were the divorce and the acne and the puberty and not any trans issue, who is she gonna go to? Then? This is all because of Tim Wal. That's what Minnesota is doing right now to little girls and boys taking custody away from the parents so that they can have these procedures without any loving parent there to help. And that's what Taylor Swift just endorsed for your children. So screw you, Taylor Swift. That is, first of all, thank you for saying that. And pardon my ignorance, this is one of those topics that's so upsetting to me.


I have too many children, I think they can take custody. Yeah. There's a law that Tim Wall signed that says the court can take jurisdiction, which in this instance means custody over minor children who are not getting the gender affirming care, which is a lie. You, there's only two sexes, gender's bullshit. There's men and there's women. One cannot become the other. And he signed a law saying that they can take jurisdiction over minor children who are not being affirmed by their children and get all of those procedures done outside of any connection. Your parents will have nothing to do with it. They won't have access to you. WW That's so dark.


Yeah. I have to say, I look at you were describing how Rich Taylor Swift is. Why isn't she happy? Good question. I mean, listen, I, there's, what is she like 32? I don't know what she's, she's, she's young. She's never had a relationship at work. She makes a lot of money about off of writing about it. That could be part of the problem. Like to the, for the reasons you were just discussing. When you find true love, when you have somebody who loves you unconditionally, you know, awards and all that's everything. And she hasn't been able to find it, she's made a lot of money off of it. And I think she travel from city to city without the grounding that you have, that I have, that hopefully all of you have. And maybe she's feeling untethered, maybe she's feeling empty and lost and maybe she wants other people to make similar decisions in life as she has because people feel validated when you do that.


And I think that's why she's misleading these kids. She doesn't have the core that, that you, you should have before you ever advise somebody on electoral politics. I totally agree. Right? I completely agree. So I, it's a very dark day and I feel like she betrayed all of the moms and dads who pro, who took their little girls there and fostered a relationship of fandom not knowing that she would then turn around and try to trans your kid or bless the man who's doing it. Whether he's the Minnesota governor or God forbid the vice president. Boy, You just made such a deep point, almost offhandedly as you do, almost parenthetically, but that she doesn't have the grounding to be advising on a question like this.


Like, would you buy real estate from a homeless person or would you take investment advice from Bernie Madoff? Like why would I ever take an important piece of life advice from someone whose life is a disaster? Right? If she wants to tell me how to sing the song, I mean I, okay, I guess I'll listen to that. But you know, I think it was the comedian Andrew Schultz who said, we'd just be so much better off if people would just do the thing they're supposed to do, right? If the actor would just act and the singer would just sing and the basketball player would just play basketball, I don't want her life advice on anything. But what's so pernicious about this is that we've inadvertently, thankfully not yours truly, but most, most parents have with tween girls, have inadvertently fostered a relationship between this person and their daughters and allowed her to become a role model to them.


And now she takes advantage of that by looking at these young girls saying, vote Harris Walls, because You can get an abortion at any age and at any term under them because You can turn into a boy under them. Because unlike what they said at the debate, You can try to abort your baby and it can be born on the table and we can just let it sit there without any medical care under Harris Waltz. That is a thing, notwithstanding the fake fact check by a, b, c news. Sick. It, it's, it's hard to see though, Taylor Swift in isolation, I'm just guessing here. But if she's really in her early thirties and she's made a billion dollars in the music business, I don't have a ton of her albums myself, I can't even assess her music.


But she's the product of a system and she's got to some large extent be acting on behalf of that on the enter the, enter the American entertainment system, which is a, to some extent a propaganda system like this is an indictment of a whole industry kind of. I mean, the part, the problem with big movies and big, you know, rock and roll or records or pop is a lot of people who are drawn to those industries are empty inside to begin with. And we saw a flash of this in a brilliant moment at the Oscars this year where, to his credit, Robert Downey Jr got up there and he won for best actor, I think, or or supporting one or the other for Oppenheimer. And the very first thing he said was, I'd like to thank my terrible childhood.


Right? And some people are self-aware, And, they get through that and the vast majority are not and do not. And so they go to these industries like becoming a pop singer or becoming an a Hollywood actor because they're seeking fame and to fill a void And, they think that these artifices are going to do it. You know, if I can just become rich, if the people will just love me, if people will give me a golden statue, somehow I'll feel validated. Like I matter. Like none of the bad stuff that happened to me is consequential. And what they inevitably find is it fills no voids. It only adds to their problems. All the emptiness is still there. This is what happened to Matthew Perry among many, many others.


And I think, you know, I don't wanna psychoanalyze Taylor Swift, but I don't think this level of fame is healthy for anyone. We've started to make her some sort of a, an idol. And that's sick on our part. I I, I try to counter program this with my kids all the time, saying she's, she's sing, she's a singer. She sings some good songs. That's it. That's it. She's not someone to look up to. And she, and let this be a lesson to us all that we don't foster that kind of a relationship with a stranger who's chosen to go into one of these very damaging industries because then they've got your kid in the palm of their hand, And, they can use that power for evil That is so wise. Everything you've said is really wise.


And I wonder why, I mean, you've just said directly or by implication more about what it takes to become fulfilled. What a what a what a full life actually looks like than I've heard from any leader in our country. Like maybe ever. So why does no one ever get honest with people? No one, the position of, you know, authority or a big audience about what it actually looks like to live a happy, fulfilled Life? Oh, wait, because, so we could have added politicians into our list of the people who go to Hollywood and the people who go into, you know, the rock and roll industry to become famous just as easily. I mean, this is one of the problems with our politicians today.


I I was talking to the guys from the All In podcast, you know, them And, they were saying, you know, name a politician you like. I was like, you're gonna have to play the Jeopardy. Sounds like I don't, You know, it's really hard to think about somebody. Yes, there are some, but you gotta really think about it because we've created this congressional system that produces Kardashians. They, they, it's people who wanna become famous. Look at a OC, she doesn't wanna govern, she wants to be famous. That's what she wants. She, she's on Instagram all the time looking at herself, which is just the Vanest app. It's just the venous of the apps because she wants you to be looking at her. Half of them are posting pictures of their bottoms.


Who wants to look at anyone's ass Anyway, that's, they're using it As, please, please don't answer that. They're using it as a springboard for attention. They don't actually wanna govern us, you know, And, they wanna parlay it into money and use all their followers and feel like they matter with their woke ideology. 'cause it's mostly on the left. There's some on the right. So that's why we have no one we can look up to there. There's no one in politics you should look up to, we're, we really need to look outside of it for our leaders. What's interesting, you don't have to answer this question if you don't want, but just given the pretty amazing trajectory of your own life, you're a lawyer in DC like an actual lawyer, not a TV lawyer, and then you become, you know, like the most famous person in television.


I mean, that actually happened to you. You became incredibly famous. I don't think you set out to be, you were a lawyer. How did that experience shape the views that you just articulated? Hmm, yes, because I never was attracted to fame. If anything, it was a downside of becoming more popular in what we do, right? It's a, it's a blessing in some ways, right? Because people follow you And, they show up and, and this is, this is a blessing, but the downside is you lose your anonymity, you lose your privacy and it's just another false idol. And you really can't fall into that because otherwise you become an ugly person. You, you truly become an unattractive person.


And so as I became more well known, Doug and I started to get invo invited to more fancy things, especially after that debate with Trump. The left loved me, remember that And, they started inviting me to all these fancy parties. And I was like, I gonna meet, I sure, I guess I'll go to this, you know, huge Hollywood party and meet all these a-list stars and see what that's like. I'll tell you what it was like torture. It was torture. I felt around them the same you guys would feel around them. I didn't know what to say to them. I had absolutely nothing in common with them. It seemed like a bunch of vapid empty people who only wanted to sneak a peek around me to see who else was there. Or over there in the mirror, And, there was absolutely nothing of consequence to discuss with anyone there who they're obsessed with their latest movie or what role they might get nominated for.


And all I could think was, where is the accountant who planned this thing, who will talk to me like a real person? So I didn't enjoy it and I recognized that it was false, you know, that it, it wasn't real. And I was always very glad that I had Doug with me for these events because he's very grounded, very normal. And I would say one of the biggest blessings of sort of that period of my life ending was getting away from those people. So you didn't feel, that's just interesting because a lot of people who, you know, go through different periods in their lives, like they're always hoping to get back to the Oscar party. Oh God, no. Oh God, no. No. I mean I went, oh, this is another one. I went to the Met Gala, Anna Wintour.


I mean, you could freeze ice on her ass. She, so I went, she had me meet with her at her tower downtown before this event. And it was, she thinks she's a head of state, this woman, I mean, I'm walking down the hallway to go into her suite and you've got like 10 guys with the Janet Jeff headset like, and she's, we're walking, we're 10 feet, we're five feet. I'm like, no one wants to kill Anna Wintour. So just, I'm like, stop. And you get in there and she's of course eating like two peas because she has absolutely no, you're not allowed to have any BA body fat and fashion. And then she starts lecturing me about politics, trying to figure out whether I'm pro-life, trying to figure out whether I'm pro, like what, what businesses of yours.


Anyway, it was painful. And the Met Gala was downright painful. And all these celebrities who are all over the Oscars and these Academy Awards and Golden Globes lecturing us on how to be better. People are in the ladies room snorting coke and dry humping one another while their spouses are out there with my own eyes. And my husband's all names you would know smoking in the Met with like where some of our most precious works of art are absolutely, totally disrespectful. And what I realized is these people are disgusting. And what I wanna do is go home right now and talk to my neighbor who's a fireman and the lady across the street who's a teacher and like touch grass and get back to actual people.


A lot of people seem to have been reaching the same conclusion recently, which is that being a little healthier, being spiritually grounded, eating right, paying attention to nature, all of those really matter. Sleep takes up a big portion of your day, like one third of your life is spent asleep and sleeping well makes you much happier and more productive. So you shouldn't be surprised that some of the products that we've been looking at to think about entering into partnerships with are based on sleep. And we've got one we really like. It's called Cozy Earth. Cozy Earth makes among other things. Bamboo sheets. Bamboo sheets. Well, we tried 'em and they're awesome. Bamboo sheets are really soft and breathable. And, they keep you cool all night long. And, they get even softer with every wash. You gotta try it And. they don't just make sheets, they do pajamas and robes, leisure wear bath towels and make a whole bunch of stuff out of bamboo. And it's cool. It's not just this weird, oh, it's bamboo actually. It's great. Try it. They make great gifts at Cozy Earth. The quality is backed up by a 10 year warranty. They offer even a 100 night sleep trial. A hundred nights. Hmm. Didn't take us a hundred nights to get into it, but try it for yourself. So make your life more comfortable. Head over to cozy earth.com/ Tucker and use the promo code Tucker for up to 40% off. You will feel the difference cozy earth.com/ Tucker and use the promo code Tucker for a big discount.


Wow. That is Such a Vivid picture. So I've heard you report in the Epstein story many times. Times, and you never seem shocked. Is this why? Yeah. No, no. I mean, there's a reason that that stayed quiet for so long and I'm, you know, there are a lot of people who are still quaking in their boots, scared to death about what may come out. You know, and I said this on my show and I'll say it to you all too, it's not that Jeffrey Epstein's alive, I wanna clarify that, at least not to my knowledge. But you will be hearing from Jeffrey Epstein I think in some point in the next 12 months. And I know the person who is gonna bring it to you. And I've heard the thing myself, this is not bs you'll see So wi without, without divulging, you know, the details that you can't divulge.


And I should just say I never, I didn't know what to think of that story. And I became, I got to know his brother pretty well and yeah, and I'm, I think he was murdered. That's my view. Yeah, of course. I never thought I would think that, but I do think that, but how big is that story, do you think? The one that I'm talking about? Well, The Epstein story itself, I mean Oh, Oh. I mean, I think it's got tentacles everywhere. I mean, I, I really do think that absolutely disgusting. Not just, I mean Jeffrey Epstein liked young girls, but he didn't like eight year olds. Right. But I think that there are multiple people in the Hollywood industry in particular who do, yes. Ew, thank you. And I think the same people who are behind some of the films that we see, see right now where this starts to get normalized in a way where, you know, there's a lot of sort of messaging in these films.


You can't avoid it. Like more and more it's getting shoved down your throat. They start with like gay romances in your face all over Broadway. Like deep tongue kissing, all right, I love my gay friends, but that's a lot. And then next thing you know, every man turns into a woman in these productions, whether it's Hollywood or on the big stage. And it's not that you have to be a pedophile to be, you know, or you have to, it is not that gay people are more likely to be pedophiles. But if you see these guys who are trying to change the messaging on pedophilia, they use our openness to people who happen to be L-G-B-T-Q as the window to get in. Like we're just on that spectrum. That's just us. We're just minor attracted people. It's nothing to worry about. Like it's just another fetish.


That's all it is. Yeah, well, I mean it's dark, so I, I do think it's much more widespread than people understand. And I had Corey Feldman tell me that directly in a heated conversation I had with him five years ago. Heated in what way? He wanted people to talk about this. Yeah. You know, he grew up as a child actor. You saw what happened with Nickelodeon. You know, I had some of those kids on my show. They grew up at this with Nickelodeon who didn't have their kids watch Nickelodeon. Did you have any idea? It was such a perv fest with these people taking advantage of young kids and like pedophile after pedophile and you know, child pornography. It was absolutely disgusting. What a place to send your child and the people running it accused of pushing these disgusting messages into our kids' television programming.


You look at what that guy did to Ariana Grande when she was a star in Nickelodeon, completely sexualized this girl when she was 15 years old, writhing around on the bed like she was a porn star. So I just think there are a lot of, of, there are a lot of perverts out there who control a lot of our media, whether it's the small screen or the big screen. And this is all part of it is, in a way it's like grooming us, getting us used to this kind of stuff. So when they take the next step, we're okay with it. And not to mention what's happening in our children's libraries at school. Right. So I keep reading that there's like a book burning campaign against great children's literature. Yeah, no, I mean if great children's literature includes this stuff, we're in a lot of trouble.


One of the most disgusting things I've seen all year is 60 Minutes when they had on Moms for Liberty. And Scott Pelley, who is a disgusting dishonest broker, tried to tell Wait, wait, did you say, and I think I'm quoting Scott Pelley is a disgusting, dishonest broker, Correct? Yes. He's about as honest as his friend Leslie Stahl who said the laptop can't be verified. It can't be verified. So he's got the Moms for Liberty gals there and he's trying to tell them that we are not seeing books in K through 12 education that talk about, forgive me, anal sex that talk about the specifics of Heterosex that offer absolutely disgusting sex tips to kids who are 10.


And I've seen it with my own eyes. You guys have seen enough of this out there with parents outrageous school board meetings raising hell over this to know Scott Pelley has his head up, his rear end, it's happening and his denial is hashtag part of the problem. So it, I mean you've spent now, I think a couple decades in, in or around the American news media. How was your, so when you first got into it, contrast the opinions you had of it then to the ones you have now? Like what are your conclusions? Oh wow. I mean, so much has changed. I mean, when I got into news it was 2003 or four and I was an unhappy lawyer. Like I, I was done with the law and I just wanted to try broadcast journalism, thought it would be really fun, thought it would use some of my skills.


So I didn't care. I was like, I got my interview with Fox and I went in and Roger Ailes is number two. Guy was like, everyone wants to work for us now that we're number one. I was like, they're number one. Holy shit, I'm never gonna get this job. I, I had no idea. I didn't care. It wasn't about ideology. I didn't, you know, so I didn't know much. I didn't know much about the news. I wasn't political when I was a lawyer. You have no time to be anything other than a lawyer. You're not thinking about politics unless you're a true DC lawyer like a lobbyist. Right. I was a litigator trying cases for big corporations. And so it wasn't until I started getting, you know, neck deep into it that I realized how things worked. And thankfully I did grow up at Fox, so I never had the left wing indoctrination shoved on me.


And then in the past five to 10 years, the ground has shifted under all of our feet where I used to consider myself, you know, center, right. Moderate. And now if you, you take one of those tests, what are you online? I'm a a far right conservative. It's just this is what happens. I thi I actually think the term is dangerous. Extremist. Yeah. I'm a dangerous, yes. Sorry. Threat to democracy. Nice to see you here. Well I definitely am. That's interesting. So is that the, you've changed, I mean you've seen a lot A lot. Yeah, I know. Or that the definitions have changed. Well, Tucker let me, I'll give you one example.


You know, I used to fall for believe in some of the woke nonsense that's being shoved down our throats now when it was just baby level. Right now it's like grown into huge monster level. But I was one of the people on Fox defending the whole transgender thing back in like 2013. And that's because like most people, I wanted to be empathetic. I didn't wanna be nasty, I didn't wanna be bullying. And it was a very small problem back then, which, so this seemed like an appropriate reaction to it. Same thing on the race stuff, you know, I would get very upset when they would attack me for being an alleged racist.


You know, one time there's a whole bunch of articles about me being an alleged racist because I saw these gangs beating up a woman and I said, these are thugs. What a bunch of thugs cue a week of media stories about what a racist I was. I I was rattled, I was upset. I was like, oh my god, I guess I can't use the word thug. I mean now I'm like, they're thugs, right? It's like it takes a while. Yes. So I needed that thicker skin. And on the gender stuff, I mean I've completely reversed myself and I see it entirely differently. So it's just with some growth and while they've gotten more pernicious and I've been paying attention, my worldview on these issues has entirely changed. Well, But I would also say that like a lot of people, I bet a lot of people in this room, you had your decency le leveraged against you.


Yeah. You know, you had the moral advantage, but the political disadvantage of really sincerely wanting to be a good person and not hurt someone's feelings. I mean this is like the way that people who are trying to be good people think like, I don't want to hurt other anyone else. I don't, you know, there are a lot of hurting people. They don't wanna make it worse. Like you really try to be decent And, they take that instinct And, they use it against you. Yes. And then you learn there's no amount of subjugation that is okay for them. You must be on your knees forever. And I do think one of the reasons why Wait, wait, can you just stop and explain that a little more?


That's so interesting. There's no enough, there's not enough ring kissing that You can do. Because even if you kiss the ring, I mean, let's go back to the Trump thing. So the left love me after that Trump debate And, they thought that I was secretly, you know, a Trump hater that I, I was, I was a wolf in sheep's clothing at Fox News and I was gonna take down the Republican party. All I wanted to do is ask a really hard debate question. And I asked one of him and I asked one of everybody, just like I had done it, all the presidential debates that I moderated. So then they started to love me, right? They're like, oh we love you, we love you. And then I got a job offer at NBC and for all sorts of reasons I left. 'cause my time at Fox was done for a number of reasons, some of which you may have read about in the paper.


And so I go over to NBC and the, one of the first things I said to them was, just in case you're thinking I am a secret liberal waiting to let my liberal flag fly. I'm not, I'm exactly who you saw me on the air as, you know, I'm somebody who's more center right in my political beliefs, but I try to play it straight on the air. Fine, fine, fine. Do you think that that was my experience when I went over there with those leftists? That was not my experience. But having said that, that experience was a gift to me. Such a gift to me. Yes. I learned so much and not just about like, okay, I got fired. So I, I learned things, although I technically wasn't fired, my show was canceled, but the rest remains a matter of contract mystery been there.


Yeah. But I learned this lesson, I learned this lesson, and I'll take you back to the whole blackface controversy. Okay. If I may. So I, I, the reason my show ended is 'cause we had a conversation on the air about blackface Halloween costumes. And I was saying, you know, when did it become racist? 'cause when I grew up in the seventies, and I remember this was on tv, it was on the movies, it was on like the Christmas special. Like I'd seen it, it wasn't clearly something that all of society was saying, don't do this. Not talking about minstrels face blackface, but talking about these Halloween costumes and that's it. That's all I said. And that was, that was the cardinal sin. Wait, so you Didn't burn a cross on this set at all? That's Not true. No, no. And by the way, NBC was airing like four shows within two years of that comment with people in blackface.


So, okay, I've never worn blackface. I was just trying to have a conversation about it. But so, but that's irrelevant. What I'm trying to say is I learned that these people are not sincere brokers. They're not actually outraged over anything I said, or Joy Behar would be fired over a BC news 'cause she put her black face pictures on the air and celebrated it. I could go down the list. Ted Danson, who was starring on NBC at that moment in a show about heaven and hell, he wore minstrel show blackface. Whoopi Goldberg wrote the skit for him. And she too was a host on the View over at a BC scrubs. A couple of people wore blackface on the air And, they were pre, we could go down the list.


And so for me it was very eye-opening. 'cause at first my instincts were I should go back out on the air. And I should explain to people, no, no, no, don't be offended. I can show you all these examples of what I'm talking about. I'm not endorsing it. I'm saying I noticed it and it changed. And I realized, what are you doing? These are not people who are honestly mad at you for what you said. They're mad at the voice you've been bringing because you probably didn't watch my show at NBC. Nobody did. But I was saying conservative things. I was defending Brett Kavanaugh to the hilt. I was merciless on these stupid gang rape accusers and all that bs.


And I do think people were starting to recoil. I attacked Jane Fonda brutally on the air in a 20 minute monologue. And so what they wanted was my ruination. And you cannot bargain with those. So no amount of on the knee apologies playing their game trying to get along or just be a nice person who tried to look inside and say, what did I do? I'm willing to self-examine, would advance the ball at all. And then you finally, if you go through something like that, graduate to the point of not giving a damn what they say about you. And it is liberating.


Ah, bless You. First this is something he knows nothing about. I can just say, having spent, you know, many, many, many years in television, I've never seen crueler or more deceptive behavior toward anyone than what they did to you at NBC. And I used to work there and I, I know that they're load some. I didn't realize they were that load some. But it sounds like you're saying it's worth the suffering to arrive at that point of liberation. Yes. So that's in the personal and professional lane that, that word liberation. But I also needed the growth. I needed the life lessons. And this is one of the reasons why I do believe in cancel culture. I believe in my being canceled and I believe in you being canceled.


I enjoyed it. Yeah. You know, because ultimately it separates you from a company that you did not belong at for whatever reason. You know, the value systems are different. And once you get through the trauma, you know when, when you're going through trauma, you're not thinking about the life lessons. But if you're an introspective person, then hopefully at some point you sit back and you reflect on what did it mean for me? What did I learn from it? And I could say the same thing about, you know, Fox and my last couple of years there. And that that's something you should be thankful for. I've grown as a person, I've developed muscles I didn't have I can handle additional challenges in a way I never could have before. I've gotten closer to who I really am and it's forced me to examine my own values in a way. Few events will.


All of that is a gift. I love that.


So how would you like to cut your cell phone bill in half every single month? That's probably pretty high. Have you checked it recently? Verizon, at and t and T-Mobile want you to believe that you have to have something called unlimited data. And maybe you're in the small percentage that do need unlimited data, whatever that is. But for most people you do not need unlimited data and you certainly shouldn't be forced to pay for it. That's where Pure Talk comes in. Pure Talk only charges you for the data that you want. How about that? If you walked into an ice cream parlor And, they said You can only buy 11 cones and you said, I just want one. You probably wouldn't go back, would you? No. You go to the place that sold you what you wanted. Talk text and five gigs of data on Pure Talk is 25 bucks a month. How much is five gigs? Well You can browse the internet for 135 hours. You can stream a thousand songs. You can watch 10 hours of video. So it's a lot actually. So stop overpaying for data you never use and switch to Pure talk. At America's Most Dependable 5G network, 25 bucks a month. Pure Talk is proudly veteran led supports American Jobs with their whole customer service team right here in the United States. Everyone speaks English, they're Americans no offshoring. The average family saves almost a grand a year, a thousand dollars a year, no contract, no cancellation fees, a 30 day money back guarantee, pure talk make switching. Very, very easy. Just go to pure talk.com/ Tucker and you will save an additional 50% off your first month. That's pure talk one word.com/ Tucker to switch your cell phone service to a company You can be proud to do business with. Only buy what you need.


I've never learned a single thing sitting on the beach over vacation. That's right. Ever. That's right. Eating French toast in bed has not grown me as a person though. I've enjoyed it. Oh, okay. So I have to, I just have to ask you, since I do think you're the best legal analyst I've ever watched, let's just game out. Not Jeffrey Dubin. No, he's better on Zoom calls, but he's, he's what a filthy, and not just 'cause he's just a filthy person in every way, but It's hard. It's really amazing.


So let's just say, so Trump is at at least tied, I think up in a, in the electoral count as if today, that's my belief based on the numbers that I saw this morning. Let's say that kid, you don't have no idea. None of us knows what's gonna happen. But let's just say that holds and he wins the election first Tuesday in November, which I personally think I'm terrible at predictions, I'm always wrong. But if I had to bet money on it, I would bet that happens. What happens then legally with the Lawfare? Yes. Well first of all, I know you're gonna talk to Charlie Kirk and you should definitely be asking him about the ground game because there's a lot in his hands.


Thank God for Charlie Kirk. No, but honestly this applies to all of you because the, the Democrats get out the vote effort is second to none, And, there can not be any complacency. None. It really is tight. I think Politico had a headline the other day, like knife fight in a phone booth. And it is that tight. So everybody, it can't be in Charlie's hands, it can't be in Trump's hands. And I mean, and I, and especially in anything resembling a or near a swing state. But what happens if he wins is the January 6th litigation and the Mar-a-Lago litigation go away instantly because he'll be in charge of the DOJ and he'll pull those attack dogs, Jack Smith and his cohorts off of those cases.


And they're dead. They're dead. They're not, they're not gonna be resurrected. So then we have Georgia, which is gonna go away because Fannie Willis and Nathan Wade couldn't keep it in their pants. So I think she's gonna be disqualified on this appeal. The trial court judge did not disqualify him, but, or them, but he begged, if you read that opinion, he begged. He said, oh please, please, the stench of mendacity fills my courtroom. An actual phrase from his opinion, not disqualifying, he's an elected official. She's very popular. It's, you know, it's Atlanta region. So this appellate court, all three of whom are Republican judges are gonna disqualify her. I'd be stunned if I'm wrong. So that case is going away 'cause there's not gonna be another prosecutor who will take it.


And that leaves us with New York and our old friend Alvin Bragg. And I understand, yes, boo and You can, we can keep it rolling. For all those Soros prosecutors who don't wanna prosecute any crime, unless your name is Donald Trump. Alvin Bragg has gotten his conviction they're going to have a sentencing at at some point. Am I right Now it's set for after the election. And I think the worst case scenario for Trump now is jail time with a suspended sentence. Meaning he won't have to serve it until an appeal goes up. And I think there's no chance that this conviction is gonna stand because the Supreme Court ruled in that immunity ruling.


You guys know about that, right? They said not only can you not go after a president criminally for most of his official acts, but in any case against him, you can't introduce evidence of what he did while in the Oval Office, while the Alvin Bragg prosecution did a lot of that, what was Hope Hicks doing on the stand if they weren't introducing evidence of what Trump was doing while president and she was talking about her time Anyway, that prosecution has to go at, the conviction has to go because the conviction was based in large part on evidence. The Supreme Court has said, may not be admitted in any case, that's just one thing. But even the jail time, no one not named Donald, Donald Trump would get jail time for this. And as soon as that judge tries to make this a jail time case, he will appeal it up to the first appellate division.


And I just don't think, maybe it'll stand there, but once it get to up to New York State Court of Appeals, those are still rational judges. Those are the judges who threw out the Harvey Weinstein conviction. They've got stones. And they're not that afraid of politics. They're not great. It's not like our Supreme Court. And I think Trump will prevail. So I don't think, think he spends one jail one day in jail. And I certainly don't think there's a judge in the land who would put a sitting president or president elect in jail. Are there legal mechanisms that Mark Elias and the rest of the Democratic lawyer army can use to stop the electorates from certifying Trump president?


If he wins, They're gonna try. I don't know exactly how they'll do it. They may resurrect this. He committed an insurrection. I mean, they've said that they're going to, he committed an insurrection and therefore he can't be on the ballot that ultimately winds up at the US Supreme Court and they're gonna kill it. So I mean, honestly, you know, when you're, when you're feeling down about the state of our politics or our country, this is what I do. I go to bed at night, I get under my blankie and I think about the Supreme Court. Thank God, Thank God You have lawyer dreams. I do. I used to call Chief Justice John Roberts, chief Justice McDreamy until Obamacare.


He got downgraded. I met him at an event one time. It was a play in New York at some embassy. And I saw him, it was one of those things where like you're part of the play as an audience member, you kind of stand there and you're having dinner with the cast members and they're acting. It was actually very cool. And I saw him after it was over and I went up to him and I said, nice to meet you, Mr. Chief Justice. He said, nice to meet you, Megan. And I said, I'm a big fan. I'm a big fan. And he said, oh, you're the one. And I said, oh no, no, I, I admire you. But Obamacare was not a principled decision. And Doug was like, honey, but it wasn't What what, what did he say? He laughed. He, he's a good guy. Look, he's, he's got a different role in his mind on the court than the rest of the justices.


And you know, I agree with it in part, but I don't disagree. I don't agree with the way he's been ruling. But anyway, we've got Alito, we've got Thomas, who seems great, like in good, in good health. We'll see, you know, I had Gorsuch on the show the other day, and I love how anti-regulation he is. Gorsuch's hardcore anti-regulation, just came out with a book talking about how big the administrative state has gotten. I think he, he would like the Javier Melee point. You know, he would, he would like to cut all the, the federal agencies down by a lot. So I like him. Although he is responsible for Boss Stock, the one that said there's a, a mandate to put trans people in your workplace. You can't exclude them based on the basis of being trans. And that one's a little stickier.


Anyway, we've got a strong Supreme Court right now. I've never seen a court like this in my lifetime where it's six three and it's gonna take a lot to un end. It unearth it. Now, if they win control of the Senate and the White House And, they win control of the Senate by a lot. They could get rid of the filibuster. Well, they don't have to. It's already gotten, they've already gotten rid of it for Supreme Court Justices And. they could expand the court potentially, and then we'd have to march in the streets endlessly. I mean that's Civil War, banana Republic shit that we'd have to fight. Not not calling for violence, but saying this would require every street America filled with People. But mass civil disobedience. Absolutely. So do, I mean that is a stated goal.


Yeah, they've said that repeatedly getting 16 year olds to vote, having millions of illegal aliens vote and expanding the court. They've all said that out loud. Do you think they will try the last one, packing it to Pack the court? Depends on what November looks like. If they win, how big is the victory? Right? I know if it's razor tight, I don't think they'd have the guts. I I just, I don't think so. But if she goes in there thinking she has a mandate, I mean, it's a terrifying thought. It, it could happen. It could happen. It, this is not Trump's locked up, he doesn't have it locked up yet.


So people need to be really clear about what could be coming our way if she wins and get to the polls, get your friends to the polls, get a bus and get everyone, you know, in swing states to the polls. And if she wins and thinks she has a mandate and starts doing the things she said she would do, go look at her A CLU questionnaire that, to his credit, Andrew Kaczinski over at CNN unearthed and see what she wants to do about defunding ice and making the entire country a sanctuary city. She said it, using your tax payer dollars to fund sex change operations for prisoners and illegal Im immigrants.


the country will change dramatically and we'll have to do, use every tool in our arsenal to fight it. And that would indefinitely include lawfare, you know, challenges with the current Supreme Court to stop what they're gonna try to do to it. How would you assess her record in office as say, attorney General in the state of California? She's, she refers to that a lot. My read is a non-lawyer, non-legal expert is that she doesn't have limits in her behavior. She seems totally happy to prosecute people she doesn't like because she doesn't like them. She's your worst nightmare Tucker because she, she loves to go after the little guy like the drug users, you know, people with these small petty crimes.


And that's what she did, trying to convince people she was tough on crime as a San Francisco DA and then as California Attorney General. And then as soon as she got on the national board, she abandoned all that, started bailing out BLM rioters started to go hardcore the other way. Backing people like Kim Fox, you know, the, the Soros prosecutor in Chicago and so on, flipped all the way over the other way and is truly the daughter of a Marxist and has Marxist tendencies herself and is as far left as You can find. I mean, she's the most leftist presidential candidate we have ever had. I think she's farther to the left than Bernie Sanders.


That's Not what I read. Without His, without his Charm. No, I I read that she was the source of all joy. Have you, have you read that? Yeah, Yeah. So I hear, yeah. Although they've gotten rid of the joy since they had to kill the cackle, The cat memes are my favorite. It's still a creative Country. Oh my God. It's amazing. It's amazing. Have You seen the tiktoks then? They're killing cats and they're killing dogs. That's a new, a new cat. They're eating the pets. That's really, that that was the high point in American politics. I mean that too. So Kamala Harris as the, not to go over what we just saw like in the last two months, but how exactly did she become the democratic nominee without anyone voting for her?


Is that how, how can that happen? I've never seen somebody so good at failing upward. Right. It's amazing. I know you're not allowed to talk about this, but she slept her way into California politics. It's true. I don't say it to be mean. I say it because it's true. She slept with Willie Brown, which is Its own skill. I gotta say. I mean, maybe she just found him. So, you know, he was so full of magnetism. He was 30 years older than she was. I said she had no talents. I mean, that was not fair. And he paved her way, he paved her way into California politics. He helped her get elected as San Francisco da.


And once you're in that system as a far left dem, you're good. of course you're gonna become the senator from that state when the opportunity presents itself. Nevermind the identity politics aspect of it. And before you knew it, Joe Biden was running around promising people he'd add a black woman to the ticket because James Clyburn said, you're not gonna win South Carolina unless you do that. So we did it and now she's our vice president. And then he falls apart after the big coverup and next thing you know, she's out there an empty vessel pretending she's the next Obama. She, do you guys know that there, there was a report by Mark Halprin, who's very tied into these democrat circles that before the Democratic National Convention speech, she was prepped by CAA creative artist agency.


The biggest Hollywood agency there is Brian Lorde who runs it and top Hollywood talent on how to deliver her lines, how to nail her speech. Now what are the odds that she, when she was hauled up for those five or six days preparing for the debate, didn't have help like that. That's what she's got. If you're the Republican candidate, you show up, you've got both of the moderators and your opponent against you, you get interrupted in every answer you get fact checked erroneously in every answer. You get the moderator's opinion coming at you as a fact check. You get follow ups on everything. If you try to dodge or weave it all, they will nail you to the floor. But if you're Kamala Harris and you've said everything there is to say about fracking and then show up and say, I've always been consistent, it's, thank you Madam President.


The most interesting and newsworthy television show of the year is coming here to TCN. We are not bragging. That's actually true. The president's been shot, I repeat, the president's been shot. So. our longtime producer, Justin Wells and a team have been embedded with no publicity at all with Donald Trump on the campaign trail for months. They're the only crew capturing what is going on on the campaign in real time intimately. They're with Trump as he campaigns for the presidency across the country. And they've shot some amazing footage. It shows you what it's really like in there. So if you're a member, you'll soon be able to get this docuseries covering the historic campaign. The Fall of Joe Biden Never before is seen footage from the assassination attempt at the Butler Township Pennsylvania Trump rally. and a lot more, it's gonna pull back the curtain completely. They are embedded inside the campaign. I can't wait to see it personally, but to get it first, go to Tucker Carlson dot com, become a member, the greatest television event of the year. We're proud to offer it.


So you've got one candidate who shows up with the biggest, most powerful Hollywood agency prepping or with voice coaches and the other candidate shows up with two cans of Diet Coke. That doesn't seem like a symmetrical context And a burger. No, it's totally unfair. And I, and to me, it's been so frustrating to watch people Republicans over the past 48 hours say, well, that's the way it is. You have to do better. You know, that's, that's just how it is. Everybody knows the media's biased. This is not the right attitude. What happened on that stage on Tuesday night was a complete dereliction of duty by those moderators. They completely abandoned all journalistic integrity and principle. And it's deadly serious.


We're talking about a presidential election here. They actively inserted themselves to the point where you actually have to wonder whether they made a conscious decision at a, B, C, this is the night we're gonna do it. We're just gonna, we're just gonna lift the dress up and show them everything that we're not journalists that we are partisan hacks. You know, I always thought judging by David Muir's Abs, that he was a great journalist, but I, who is David Muir? Anyway, You know, he's managed to fly under the radar. Yeah, That's one way to put it, because He lets his programmers, his producers and his content selections speak for his bias.


You know, media Research Center did a study right before the debate. It dropped showing that it, I think it was 92% of their coverage on Kamala was positive. 92 or 93, 90 7% of their, of their coverage on Trump was negative And. they said that A BC was the worst of the three nightly newscasts, NBC more fair than A-B-C-C-B-S as well. So he got chosen to do the debate and when David Muir was out there without the producers selecting the stories, all of which were left. And so you, you're left to say, okay, let's see you David Muir, who are you? And of course we already knew because he has a say on, on content selection on his show. But he really let his freak freak flag fly.


And, and what they did up there, I mean, I'll just take the one moment, which is really driving me insane. They asked Trump about his comment that he lost by a whisker recently on a podcast. Fair question. That's fine. You can ask him that. And Trump says, well, I was being sarcastic. He actually fact checked him with, I didn't detect any sarcasm. Well, what are, are you like one of those emojis from the emoji movie that can detect, that's not sarcasm. No, that's a truth teller. That it was the most inappropriate thing I've ever seen. And it masqueraded as a fact check and it of course tripped Trump up. And just give you one other thing, it's another moment of the debate.


They asked Kamala Harris about the fact that they did nothing about immigration until the last six months. Right. Obviously an election ploy to make the, the numbers look better. They turn to her first, she does her John Wayne routine. Like, well that was tough on that their border back when I was an ag. And now again Sure, sure Jan. Well, she does have a gun, so I kind of get it right. Yeah, sure she does. So she gives that routine and then she immediately pivots to his rally stink and people leave. And of course, for Trump, that's like, I know he can't. No, here's a liver snap. Yes, I know, right? And you're like, no, Trump, come back. Come back. I know. No, I know. Don't do it. So he did it.


He did it, and then he did. And you're like, pivot back to immigration. This is your best issue. This is her worst issue. Pivot, pivot, pivot. So then he starts pivoting and that's when we got into the dogs and the cats. Okay. I mean, but they're eating the pets. I mean, come on. I mean, it is a thing, but maybe not our best example. Like, you know, the Babylon Bee had a headline the other day saying like, Democrats fact check Trump. No, no dogs and cats being killed. Just women and children. So he pivots back to immigration with the dogs and the cats fact check not happening. Another inappropriate fact check. This is a, this is a matter up for debate right now. We have had dozens now at this point of witness testimonials saying it is true.


And we have one unnamed city manager saying not that I can prove Well what? That's not, that's not a, a proof that it's not happening. Another inappropriate fact check. So he screws up Trump's momentum and then he interrupts to go to Kamala Harris. I'm thinking, okay, this is it where he's gonna go back to her and say, the question was, why did you wait until six months bef no one's given me an answer. You know, we've done rallies and we've done dogs. What's the answer? And instead of saying that to her, what does he say? Your response, Mme. Harris, Madam Vice president. What? That's not the toss. So what does she do? Does she get up there and say, let me, let me give you an answer. Let, she says, 200 Republicans have endorsed me.


Ah, and now we're off on that course and we never got back. Right. Well, I mean, to be fair, Dick Cheney was one of 'em. Yeah, that's right. Like, What do you, Ima, did you ever think you'd wake up in a country where Kamala Harris was bragging about Darth Vader's endorsement? Like what? Yeah, And. they love him. Now the left loves some Dick Cheney And his horrible daughter. The whole thing is like, you're blowing my mind of all the Republicans who could endorse. Yeah, yes. I'll take Dick Cheney just for the charm alone. It's like, what? It's so true. So, and by the way, the left, you listen to leftist media, And, they really think that's gonna make a difference.


Like, they don't think that the, that Trump's gonna recover from the Dick Cheney endorsement of Kamala or the Liz Cheney. Lot of, lot of Liz Cheney, Republicans left. It's just crazy. I mean, it is a kind of cleansing moment for the Republican party. Actually. It's like getting a giant bald splinter out after 40 years. do you know what I mean? It's like, here's what we'll do. All the people in our party who love killing people for profit You can have. Yeah. And she's like, that's right. Enjoy. We've got a big tent. The water's fine. Well look at the Lincoln project. They're still out there doing these terrible ads about Trump after their pedophilia scandal. Like, what? How Did that, now they survived that. There's some guy there who was accused of behaving very inappropriately with young men.


I don't know exactly how young, but the point is, they're still Democrats giving them millions of dollars and they're running ads against Trump. Like he's the bad one. You get Bill Crystal and Dick Cheney. What a trade. So awesome. We get Bobby Kennedy. I think it's fair. Adam Kinzinger. Yes. So, so just to, just to add, you're the best. I just wanna thank you for this conversation. It's just put me in a great mood and it's wonderful to see you. But I wanna just end on getting your views on a topic that I think is really hopeful and great. So you have just painted a devastating portrait of the American news media, and you're doing it from a place of deep knowledge and experience.


I mean, you're Megyn Kelly, like you're not making, you're not guessing about this. You, you work there, but then you leave NBC in the nastiest, most dishonest, as I said, exit I've ever seen, never seen anyone treated the way you were treated. And then you built this kind of empire by yourself. And it's ama it's an amazing story and it's a tribute to your grit and your talent, your native talent. But it's also a commentary on like where we're going. Yeah. I mean, I'm not, I didn't even think to call anybody at NBC news to join on this tour because people don't even know who works there. Yeah. Right. So That's right.


Maybe your life is a testament to what the future of media will be, and maybe that's great. Thank you. My life and yours, Tucker. I think what we're proving is that the future of media is independent. It's a direct relationship between the consumers and the journalist of choice. People will make up their minds on an individual basis. Who do I trust? Who do I trust for news and information, and who don't I trust? And more and more, especially post pandemic, people are really realizing you can't trust these large corporations. They have agendas that they are secretly and not so secretly trying to shove down your throat without owning it.


You have an individual You can make up your own mind. Is is she a truth teller? Is he a truth teller? Do they take big risks and go against the grain even when it might hurt them? Do they apologize to me when they got something wrong or own it? Are they self-deprecating? You're like the most successful slash self-deprecating person I know. Which shows you humility and you want someone with humility telling you about the news, because sometimes we do get it wrong and we need to be able to say, all right, that one not my best. That's, and the audience is forgiving. But you don't want people who are agenda driven, especially not with some corporate overlords agenda. So it, it was funny, I, I was listening to this podcast recently and you came up, they're very angry at you, and Not the first time As a result, they were trying to say that you, he has no influence.


That he's, he's very popular, but with no influence. And this made me laugh, or so literally, you had the White House weighing in on Tucker's interview last week. Okay. Like that has absolutely no influence. But everyone in the country feels the need to comment on everything he does. And on top of that, you just look at the, don't, don't take my word for it 'cause I'm your friend. You guys tell me who is more influential? Tucker Carlson or Wolf Blitzer. Right? Truly like who has more sway with an audience, right? Like, I'll take myself like yours truly, or like Mika Brozinsky.


I, I Like my odds. I'm I'm good on that cage match. Nobody talks about these people I know. Not maybe a show here or there. We'll make news. But Cable news is dead. It was a suicide that was assisted by Donald Trump and it was one that needed to happen. I can't improve on that. And I just, I should have said this at the outset in my introduction of you, I said, what a kind person you are, which I think is evidence. Anyone who listens to you. I said, what a talented person you are, which is obvious that's why you're successful. But I forgot to mention the basis of your success and your happiness, which is your honesty.


You're an honest person and I'm grateful for it, and I'm grateful to be your friend. Thank you. Megyn Kelly Takes one to no one. Tucker. Thank you. Thank you. The big tech companies censor our content. I hate to tell you that it's still going on in 2024. But you know what? They can't censor live events. And that's why we are hitting the road on a fall tour for the entire month of September coast to coast. We'll be in cities across the United States. We'll be in Wichita with Charlie, Kirk Milwaukee, with Larry Elder Rosenberg, Texas, with Jesse Kelly Grand Rapids, with Kid Rock, Hershey, Pennsylvania, with JD Vance Redding, Pennsylvania with Alex Jones, Fort Worth, Texas with Roseanne Barr Greenville, South Carolina, with Marjorie Taylor Green Sunrise, Florida with John Rich Jacksonville, Florida with Donald Trump Jr.


You can get tickets at Tucker Carlson dot com. Hope to see you there. Thanks for listening to The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made. The complete library, Tucker Carlson com.