
So you more than anyone for the past couple of years have been awakening the rest of the country and the world to this nexus between public and private sector in geos, nonprofits, US government agencies whose acronyms you don't recognize. And you've described an entire complex that affects censorship, regime change, all kinds of sinister, unconstitutional outcomes that most Americans don't know they're paying for. And I'm, I'm from DC so as you've explained this to me a couple of times, it, it all has made total sense, but sometimes I wonder, like, do people believe what Mike Ben is saying? And now over the last week since the U-S-A-I-D files have dropped mostly on x, people are discovering what you have been talking about and learning that it's a hundred percent true.


And I, and I just wanted to ask, how's that, how that feels for you? It's, it's a sort of somber moment, actually, more, more than anything. And it's, I found myself very reflective this week and hit by the weight of history of it, if that makes sense. And there's a lot to this. I mean, a lot of people have said, aren't you so happy you've been fighting for this so long?


Yes. And now it's happening. And so they expecting, you know, cartwheels and spiking footballs and that, that's not how I feel really at all. Because the task here was to break the halo of, of this angel that turned into an angel of death. I don't think we've had the success of the 20th century without having a soft power influence arm. I don't, I think this is how we add cheap gas and affordable homes, of course. And, you know, middle class prosperity and export markets for our manufactured goods here, the, the, the task is to be able to make it be righteous and, and virtuous again.


But you couldn't do that while it had this halo. And so the halo had to be broken. The mask had to be taken off in order to implement reforms. And there, there have been, i I I feel the, the global impact of fundamental changes to US foreign policy that are happening now because, you know, as I've been been saying for so long, I mean, there really is a sort of USAID Truman show that much of the world lives in, you know, many people found out for the first time this week that 90% of media in Ukraine is funded by usaid. Many people just now finding out, you know, the extent of US media organizations that are, that are funded by, by usaid, you know, they're finding out the, the reach of it and everything from the unions to social media censorship to pandemic and gain of function research to, you know, strange ties even to things like terrorism and the drug trade.


And, you know, there, there's that sort of, these institutions that everyone thought were private and independent being corrupted by, you know, USAID's 44 billion odd dollar a year budget. And, and when I think a lot of people, that was a process that I felt was necessary to tell the story of internet censorship. Because for me, my journey of discovery on this was like everybody else. I thought internet censorship was a domestic story at first. And so I start following the trail of it, and then I see, oh, well that's weird. This, at this disinformation conference, the next panel is on energy geopolitics.


What are they doing together? Huh? That's weird. And then you go over to the energy geopolitics people and you see, okay, well, their fellow panelists are all military contractors. Okay, all right. So the military has something to do with, with social media censorship and, and the energy pipeline politics and, and Ukraine have something to do with it. Okay, that's interesting. And then you keep going down the line and you see, okay, they're these Chamber of commerce partners. And then you see, oh, there are these suite of humanitarian aid organizations like usaid, NED, the whole suite of, of NGOs, you know, state department grantees, national Science Foundation grantees. And, and you start to see that this is, in order to tell the story I felt of, of internet censorship and what to do to stop it, you had to explain a, a totally different world than the one people thought that they lived in.


And for the first several years of this, when I would do my, you know, little private briefings and bring my PowerPoints around the country, and it was, it was very har hard, it was impossible, frankly, to, to crack through. Even when people saw the receipts on screen, they had the, saw the source documents and, And they, they just couldn't conceive that the world actually works this way. That, that our country does these things And they have a hard time squaring the morality of it with the, the operational side, if that makes sense. Like they don't want to believe certain things. And so even if it's six inches in front of their face, they won't.


And so, but I guess getting back to this sort of, why am I neutral rather than happy right now, is because we are conducting open heart surgery on the vital organs of the American Empire. And I am pro empire to the extent that it helps the homeland. I don't think we'd have a prosperous homeland without an empire. And the the patient needs open heart surgery. It has to be done. I am a hundred percent a agree with, with the decisions that have been made on, on policy so far on this. But I, I, I want to make sure, and I feel a, a great sense of duty and obligation to try as best I can to help identify the organ you're operating on.


Because in, in the, in the zeal to, to carry out radical reforms, You can, if you don't, if, if if Take out the wrong organs. Yeah. Or if you don't, don't even know, you know, how the atriums, how the, how the organ works, it's directionally corrected to the open heart surgery, but the patient can die on the table if you, if you do it wrong. And all of that has to be like, this is just the beginning of the fight to reform this, in my view. But we are now in the arena, and, and a blow has been struck, this is, in my view, this week, is really the first time m maybe in American history with, with few exceptions, maybe in the, in the sixties and seventies, that the blob, the foreign policy establishment that impacts so much of domestic affairs and sometimes controls, it has had to answer to the people that fund it.


This, this is a shot across the bow. There, there have been so many tactics that they've been able to deploy to shift the course of domestic politics in order to ensure that their global vision stays the course. And there's been a Blitz creek. I don't think they saw this coming. I, I understand exactly what you're saying. I don't think Americans even now really understand that agree to which our foreign policy establishment use uses other countries, particularly the five is the other English speaking intel services against us here. You know, I've almost never met a British reporter in the United States who wasn't acting on behalf of some intel service against the United States.


It's like, it's absolutely crazy. I dealt with one today, actually. Do you know what I'm talking about? I, I, I dunno the individual you're referring to, but You, you're familiar with the trend. So, but I guess what I hear you saying is, Americans, when they learn just how corrupt the system is, may lose faith in their country. Milton Friedman gives this example about the pencil. Have you ever seen this video? No. Where he, he, he talks about it in the context of libertarian economic theory. He, he says, look at this pencil, And he, you know, holds up a, a pencil and it's got a lead tip and graphite and gom.


And He goes, no, no single person in the world can make this pencil. The gum comes from trees in Malaysia and the lead comes from, you know, some mine in Africa. And the graphite comes from graphite miners in South America. And it's the magic of the market that all makes it possible. You know, everyone doing it for their own self-interest, e economic gain. But it creates this magical web of cooperation where everyone profits. And that's how we get cheap pencils in the us. And I think what, what we're, what we're about to walk in on is the, is is the, the flip side of that, which is that people have been lied to in this country where they've thought that they've been, they've been sold that this was humanitarian aid and, and co-signed it.


And, and I got, let me come back to this point about the pencil. 'cause maybe that'll just appear a little bit later in the story and I'll just sort of hint at it now. But right now, the people who are trying to defend US aid are stuck between a rock and a hard place. They, they, they wanna defend it on humanitarian grounds, and then they get totally deluged with all the ways that it has gone wrong and all the horrible things that's funding. So then they, they then turn to layer two. This is sort of like Lindsey Graham defending our operations in, in Ukraine when it was, you know, we need to do this for democracy, democracy. And then we say, okay, well, you canceled elections.


You know, you've, you're, you know, there are all these non-democratic things that are happening. And He goes, okay, okay. Layer two of my defense is there's $14 trillion worth of natural resources under the soil there. So, right. You know, having it be a US vassal state is advantage to us. 'cause then we can exploit those $14 trillion worth of resources. I mean, that's what's implied there, right? Why would Americans benefit from, of course, Ukrainians exploiting that 14 trillion. Now, and by the way, that's not a knock on on your Ukraine, but You can, you simply saw that shift happen when, you know, as it got harder and harder to defend it on the basis of democracy promotion, the, the mask had to slip in order to defend it at the deeper level.


It was to, to let people in. Okay, here's what we're, here's why we're really doing it. In every USAID program operates that way. It is getting back to this rock and the hard place analogies that they wanna say it's humanitarian aid, but it's clearly done so much harm in so many places. It's doing such terrible things, funding the Wuhan lab, you know, not to to mention, you know, the whole rest of the USA Truman show. But then they go, okay, okay, well it's us soft power. It's, it advances us strategic interests. And so you say, oh, okay. So it's not aid.


And, and then it becomes very schizophrenic to defend this thing because it's, it's a labyrinth of lies. USAID's access and its reputation completely depends on its perception as being a kind of quasi charity. Even those, you know, it's nowhere. Charity is nowhere to be found. It's a US foreign policy. Instrument aid isn't even in the name, you know, I've said this many times, but it's the agency for international Development. And when you see aid Yes. Is your mind playing tricks on you? And, and by the way, when growing up, my dad worked with U-S-A-I-D, it was called U-S-A-I-D, not usaid. Right. To make it clear to everybody, it was not an aid organization.


Right, right, right. But I now they call it usaid. Right. Well, I mean, you know, I mean, I'm, I'm sure in the Ronald Reagan building the, you know, the, but, but how it's colloquially known, I mean, and how it's described to the voters, it's described as humanitarian assistance. And you go, okay, well, you know, and we can, we can get into the, the depth of the scandals. But I guess the, the fundamental feeling that I have right now is this is going to get a lot worse as people go through this self-discovery process of, of what's happening. And we, we were talking a little bit earlier where I mentioned, you know, eight years ago when I was writing my, you know, little book attempt to try to explain all, everything that was happening in internet censorship.


And I felt like I had to explain all these other, you know, tectonic plates of American society and, and global affairs just to understand who and what and why is, why they're censoring the internet. But, you know, I would, I would spend my whole day in USA spending.gov, you know, to the exclusion of, of everything else, friends, family, a social life, and just going through that pro, this can't be true. This can't be true. Oh my God. It is. Oh my God. It is. And there are, there's a sort of five stages of depression that plays out as you discover it yourself, going into these grant databases and seeing the receipts with, with your eyes like that.


Because that's what I've seen on, on my newsfeed this week. It's been just hundreds of people all, all, all with huge megaphones who were just spending their day like saying, hearing about, oh wow, there's all this corruption at usaid. Let me plug it into the, the search database. Let me fish around a little bit. Oh, here's what I found. And now everyone's contributing to this common knowledge, which is, which is really amazing. But I still feel the already faith has been shaken. But there are layers to this that I think are going to truly shock people when they begin to try to put their, their minds around it.


And I, I believe fundamentally in US soft power, I believe in soft power projection. I believe there is a role for projects in foreign countries that have a dual function of helping the people there and helping secure import export markets for us. Yeah. Helping secure natural resources, you know, helping secure, you know, US national security goals in, in the region. The, there is a role for that. And I, I, I just, I, I feel that many came into this movement around MAGA and nationalism because they, they cared about their schools and, and the woke agenda and their schools, And they cared about their, their streets and their neighborhoods and, and whether they were safe And they cared about, you know, corruption from the, the US president or their local representatives.


They never had to think about Pakistan, Bangladesh, Estonia, Tanzania. They, they never had to think about how you make a pencil and how the goods and services that they, that give them the advantaged life that we have in the United States versus other countries depends on the battering ram of this blob apparatus. And so, as they learn more and more the depths of depravity of the blob, I am, I myself am in a hard sort of, between a rock and a hard place where more than anyone maybe in, in that I know have been, have been spearheading and, and trying to lead the charge to, to break the blobs halo.


Now, I'm, I'm in a sort of curious position where I feel I'd be remiss if I didn't spend this time at least fleshing out that I, I don't believe that it should be, it should be vanquished entirely. It's it's family, if that makes sense. You know, I, I was, I was thinking about this the other day with, we talked about Ukraine several times when we've spoken, and we've talked about the 2014 Myan toppling of the democratically elected government. Coincidentally, the person on the, on the pro USAID side who's leading the charge to fight the the White House's reforms is Senator Chris Murphy.


Chris Murphy bragged on live national television. That, that the US toppled that government. It was only because of US pressure and us support on the ground for, for the movements there that, that topple that government. But leaving aside the, the morality of whether that was the right or wrong thing to do in the name of, of democracy, when, when Victoria Newland made her speech in December, 2013, two, three months before, before that, you know, those, those protests, you know, changed world history. You know, she bragged about the $5 billion that USAID and, and NED and related, you know, humanitarian assistance orgs had given to the, you know, to effectively the very same Ukrainian civil society organizations that would, that would lead that charge.


And when she did, so she was at a, a sponsored event by standing in front of signs for ExxonMobil and Chevron. And I've reflected on that picture. 'cause it's very easy to look at Victoria Newland as a sort of angel of death figure who knocks on European country's doors and tells them, Hey, we're about to topple your democratically elected government. And it's very easy to look at the excesses of, of big US corporations, but we do need oil. We do, we do want cheap oil and gas. We do want energy dominance. And so, you know, I I'm at this moment when we're seeing the really, the first vulnerabilities, certainly in my lifetime of this blob monstrosity, I'm, I feel a strange sort of sympathy for the devil, which is that they've done, they've done terrible things and we should not do them again.


And they've gone rogue, and there's no oversight and, and horrors beyond your wildest imagination. At the same time, these are still parts of the American family. There is some vestige of a function there that I believe our foreign policy planners, minors have to at least know was there and was the responsible for much of our prosperity before it's as, as they try to reconstruct the patient. Does that make sense? And of course it Does. And I, and I, and I think maybe that's the whole point of this, is that, you know, any nation, particularly a big one like ours that controls a hemisphere, has a foreign policy and has all sorts of ways to affect it, including the soft power that you referred to.


And there's nothing wrong with that. In fact, it's essential. The question is why are you doing it? Are you doing it a to serve your own interest to preserve, you know, import and, and export advantage? Are you doing it to secure energy that you need to have a functioning society? Tho those are all, are you doing to, you know, bring peace to your hemispheres? You don't have a lot of like craziness and lawlessness and civil wars and all that. Yes. Those are all good things. Or are you doing it to sow chaos for its own sake? So I mean, I guess the problem that I have with U-S-A-I-D and with the State Department and with CIA and with all of the ways that we project power abroad is not that they exist, it's that they're not serving us and they're not serving sort of like the basic goals you would want for any great power, which like peace, security, sort of continuity, reasonableness, freedom, democracy.


Like they're not doing any of that. They're like sowing, bizarro, destabilizing sexual politics into other people's cultures. Like why would, why would you do that? I don't understand. Like what, what US interest is served by having all of those agencies that I just named go to some other country and say, no, you need more trainees or some, you know, well, you need to structure the family differently. Like, why do we do that? How do, who wins when we do that? Well, I'm, I'm really glad you asked because that is the exact example I've been using to try to, to try to give a, a window of entry into, into this larger sort of point about we need a much larger vision about the role of US foreign policy if we are going to get rid of the shortcuts that USAID provides.


And so, you know, you just mentioned, you know, why, why would u USAID be pro promoting, you know, trans, take the example of transgender dance festivals. That's something I've been talking about a lot this week. Take the example of transgender dance Festivals. Yeah, right. Well just love that sentence.


It used to be only crazy people thought they were being watched all the time, surveilled the guy mumbling next to you on the bus. But now anyone who knows what's going on thinks that because it's true. Your phones are listening to you tech companies tracking all your online activity in order to profit off of what ought to be private information governments are watching too. It's a corrupt system. It's frightening. And the worst part is it's all legal. The government certainly will not help stop this. Of course, the intel agencies love it. So it's up to you to protect yourself. And that's where Express VPN comes in. Express VPN, which we use here is an app that sends a hundred percent of your online activity through secure encrypted servers. That means nobody can see what you do online. Not internet service providers, not data provoke brokers, not Intel agencies. Don't believe it. Listen to this. Within the last year, express VPN received over 400,000 data requests from tech companies and government agencies, but did not share a single piece of cuff chamber data. That's because the company has a strict zero logs policy Express. VPN cannot and will not share your data. They don't even have your data to share express. VPN is easy to use, takes one click, it's rated number one by the experts at CNET and the Verge. And right now you get an extra three months for free. When you use a special link, go to ExpressVPN dot com slash tucker and get that extra months for free. It's ExpressVPN dot com slash tucker.


What is the transgender dance festival I having never been. So that is when USAID or or USAID's companion Star National Endowment for Democracy or other related NGOs will, you know, fund an event in, in the form of a sort of cultural exchange. And that will, they will bring together people from that country to come to, you know, a, you know, a, a dance festival that's, you know, comprised of transgender individuals and is intended to both create a sense of unity within the transgender population there. And to expose and normalize and curry favor with other parts of the demographics there in order to expand the network node of, of US entities who are working with the activists and leaders there.


Well, why, what American interest is preserved or protected or advanced by pushing transgenderism or any kind of sexual politics or family politics, including family planning? Hmm. Why is it our business? How many kids other countries have I I don't, I I I've always been confused by that. Like, what is that? Why are we doing that? I, I wish that was rhetorical, but, and, and I do believe in, in many instances it is ideological excess, you know, driven to madness. But well give an example from just a few months ago, I believe it was this, this August this year, there was a, a prime minister in Bangladesh who was basically ousted in a sort of military coup coupled with a color revolution and gray zone news.


Max Blumenthal's outlet published this report that I've been talking about a lot for the past week because it's just a really, really clean example of all the different facets of the dynamics I'm talking about, which is, so basically starting in about 20 28, 20 18 through 2020, it, it appeared that that US State craft was not particularly pleased with Sheik Hasina winning this, you know, the Prime Minister winning the election and baseline assessments were submitted to the State Department about how to prop up the opposition group, the Bangladesh, Bangladesh National Party, the BNP, which was considered more favorable to us, us interests.


The, the, the, the leak documents don't get too in the nitty gritty about what US national interest is served. But there, there were many conflicts between that Bangladeshi Prime Minister and the, the US Foreign Policy establishment. For example, it was revealed in, in WikiLeaks that Hillary Clinton, while she was Secretary of State, threatened to have the IRS do an audit of her son while, while she lived in the us. And, and she's, that prime minister has come out publicly and said that, you know, she believed that she was overthrown because of, or or basically there was a conflict around, around the construction of a US military base in the region, which is very common conflict that we have.


Oftentimes foreign countries don't like having a big fat US military base installed, you know, on they Don't want foreign troops on their soil who does. Right? Right. They don't want 500 acres of their land, you know, they don't wanna provoke, you know, foreign powers. This is what's playing out in Romania with Georgia SKU and the, the, you know, the cancellation of the elections. And he, it's just like a giant NATO base right now. Right? Well, they're building the world, the, the other Europe's largest NATO base, right. Currently, which, you know, faces straight out of the Black Sea at Crimea. But there was this, but, but she had been refusing to build a US military base. So, so let's just, but as, as I walk through this, let me just make some assumptions and, and make it a harder issue than, or, or something a little bit more, I guess accessible, let's just say it really is vital to US national interests to build that military base in Bangladesh to counter Chinese influence.


And the Bangladeshi Prime Minister doesn't wanna do it. And so our foreign policy planners decide we need to do regime change and that, and whether or not you agree that's a good or an evil thing to do, I'm, I'm not even weighing into the morality of it. What if it is the declared or discreet policy of the US government, the State Department and the White House and the National Security Council all agree, this government, we, we should pursue regime change all options to destabilize that country in order to weaken the existing government and to build up a, our network of democratic institutions and activists in order to either win the next election or in order to, you know, do a color evolution style, you know, ousting where the, you know, the Prime Minister has to flee in a helicopter and what was done in, in this case, in, in Bangladesh.


And these lead documents from the Gray Zone show this in gratuitous detail, is that the National Endowment for Democracies Republican arm, the International Republican Institute, they have four core fours, but two of them are political branches. There's the NDI, the National Democrat Institute for Democrats, and there's the IRI, the International Republican Institute for for Republicans. And what the, the IRI submit submitted to the State Department in 20 19, 20 20 after they got walloped trying to back the, the, the Bangladeshi National Party in the, the recent past election was a plan to destabilize Bangladesh politics.


That's a direct quote, destabilize Bangladesh politics. By working with, they, they listed 170 ACT pro-democracy activists, 304 key informants. And then they did a baseline assessment of the different ethnic groups and cultural cleavage points that they could exploit in order to effectively, you know, de either destabilize the, the country's politics or prop up the, the political alternative. And in the process of doing that, they, they sought the LGB, they sought the LGBT population to two Bangladeshi ethnic minority groups and young students and student groups who were, had already been protesting earlier that year because of some, a local, a local politics issue there.


And, And they noted, you know, that rap music was, was popular and young people were listening to rap music in Bangladesh. So what do they do? They, they turned around And they took us taxpayer funds. They get a hundred percent of their money from, from the State Department, And they work closely with usaid. They actually administer USAID programs all over Bangladesh and all over the world. And they funded Bangladeshi rap groups to produce songs and music videos insinuating that people should take to the streets and do street protests. And, you know, the, the classic peaceful protest that's has the, you know, upside of being a, a riot.


And, and, and, you know, one of, in, in Iris's baseline assessments submitted to the State Department, they talked about how one of the songs that they paid for was, was designed to, to sow resentment at the sitting government and, you know, basically undermine people the, the popularity of the government. So you have one sponsored song to get people to take the streets, another sponsored rap song to, to get people to, you know, to distrust their, their government. And then, you know, basically the baseline assessment revealed that, that these groups were the ones who would be receptive.


That they, those were the contacts in the region, they do field work when they do these baseline assessments. What if the baseline assessment or the strategic assessment happens to reveal that the highest ROI for soft power projection is with very unseemly groups and activities. This is for example, what, how we end up funding terrorist groups and paramilitaries and, and, and very extreme 'cause oftentimes when you have a popular government, it's the coalition of the fringes and the extremes and the weirdos and the criminals and the prostitutes. This, this was in an NED memo in 2009 for Cuba where they were, where the national down for democracy, you know, under, they have something called the Journal of Democracy.


And you know, they, they talked about this exact phenomenon that they might be able to mobilize the Afro-Cuban community to, you know, leveraging racial animus against the, you know, mostly, you know, white Cuban government and, you know, taking note of, you know, proclivities for I think it was prostitution crime and drugs and how, how USAID would be and would, might be able to swoop in and, you know, mobilize these people because a lot of them are really unemployed. And also U USAID should fund the rap groups there because the, these, these populations all listen to gr rap. And they did. And this is another great gray zone report. You're Making the hair on my arms go 'cause you're describing what's happened in our, in our country.


Yes. You're describing the 2017 Charlottesville march, the Nazi march. You're describing what happened on January 6th. You're describing the riots after George Floyd was murdered. You're describing the ride of rise of rap music and drugs in our city. And all of you're describing, you know, trainee story hour and you know, like you're describing all the trends in our country that seem to arise out of nowhere whose net effect is to destabilize America to fray the social fabric, to divide people from each other to make them easier to control. And in the case of Trump's first term to, to undermine the White House. Right. I mean, I I don't know that any of that's true, but like what you're, what you're describing that we did in Bangladesh is what's happened here.


And so it raises the question like, was that all by design also? And of course, of course it was. Right. Well there's there's a lot there. USAID gave, gave Like you I crazy to ask that. No, not at all. I mean, that, that is to me, the, the final, the final blow us, it's, it's bad and there's the moral question about whether to do, to do this sort of dirty work abroad. And that comes down to different schools of foreign policy thought and to different views on the relative morality of different ways of attacking the issue of ex of US soft power influence abroad it.


But then there is the, the breaking of the firewall where our foreign policy hounds are never supposed to bite the, you know, the owner who, who who feeds them. And that is, I mean, that, that is to me why this is a no brainer, the reforms that are happening. And, and But do you think it's po I mean ESP look, just to go through them, the 2017 Charlottesville march where all of a sudden out of nowhere through all these Nazis, like who knew we had so many Nazis in our country. Right. And guys, one I'm thinking one particular, yeah. USA has never funded Nazis, by the way. Yeah. Right. I mean Right. So, but like all out of nowhere Trump gets elected and all of a sudden Charlottesville, Virginia, home of UVA a not a right wing town, there are all these people showing up led by a couple of people who were just so obviously fed.


It's like, not even a question in my mind. And they're like marching with candles and we're gonna restore the fourth rik or whatever. And then that the next day is used to delegitimize Trump. And we're thinking we're supposed to think that's like all organic. I mean, it sounds like exactly what groups like U-S-A-I-D do in other countries. Well, I don't know about the Charlottesville case. You know, I, I can see enough domestic antibodies on that with the FBI and whatnot. And the fact is is, well I'm Not saying U-S-A-I-D did it, I'm just saying it's the same template. Oh, Right. Oh, of, of no, of of, well the ability for the, the battering ram of our cloak and dagger dark arts only supposed to operate abroad to be laundered at home.


Yes. Is, is is really the, the reason that I believe the current open heart surgery is a no brainer. And I fully support the total abolition of USAID as an agency and tucking it under state and putting it through, you know, having it mend. And then if at some point it needs to be rolled out and spun out into, into a different independent agency, again with, with reforms in place and the, and the appropriate, you know, staffing structure, we can have that conversation at a later time. There is the, the, the domestic one is, is is a huge one. There's so many data points there. I think it's, it's gonna be, I think it's gonna be terrifying to a lot of people who are just now experiencing this.


But I do sort of wanna close the loop on this, on this foreign side because my concern is when you try to attack these things at the level of there's no US interest that served in it at all, it's totally crazy. You, you, you're, you're going to encounter very strange layers of resistance trying to attack it from that argument. So, okay, so here's an example I've, I've been giving this week and, and I'll, I'll hit with the thought experiment. What, let's just assume, and I have no inside knowledge about this. I don't, I don't talk to, to folks in on, you know, at that level or anything, but Venezuela has very con Trump has had, had a very contentious relationship with the government of Venezuela during his first term.


You know, we, you know, declared Juan Wado, the, the sitting, you know, president of, you know, the, the, the elected president. You know, he was o standing ovation from, you know, both sides of the aisle. I could see a situation where this White house, where, where President Trump and Secretary of State Marco Rubio, either in a declared or discreet fashion seek to deploy US soft power institutions to pursue a policy of regime change in Venezuela. Again, I have no inside knowledge about that, but I I do have inside knowledge and they've been working on that for years. Sure. And they're Americans in Venezuela fact, 'cause I talked to one of them as of last year, there were Americans in Venezuela working to overthrow that government.


Right. You know, so that's true. But, But I'm gonna give a narrow example here. But, but the problem fundamentally that I'm describing is, is fractal across all of this waste, fraud abuse we're seeing what if the State Department and in it together, it's, if it's it's new USAID function puts out basically, you know, a request for proposals to all the different NGOs for how best to capacity build civil society institutions and activists and people who will be willing to, you know, spread pro-democracy media and, and take to the streets and protest against the police and live dual lives effectively, as you know, you know, working with effectively US spycraft while nominally being Venezuelan citizens or doing the daring and dangerous deeds of, you know, transporting supplies despite, you know, Venezuelan counterintelligence monitoring them.


And what if, what if the strategic analysis or the baseline analysis that comes back from, from these NGOs is, well, the transgender population in Venezuela, and I know nothing, I know nothing about this in, in Venezuela, but I I'm just using this in example for everywhere. What if the cold hard fact is the, the demographic in that, in that country that is most effective at destabilizing that country's democratically, that country's government or, or that will be most the, the highest return on investment for foreign assistance funds given, you know, what if $2.7 million to a, a series of 12 different transgender dance festivals, if they, if the analysis reveals that we need 5 million votes, you know, to, to win this next election that we don't have.


And body who converts from being heteronormative to transgender effectively goes from being a Maduro person or a to a, to a, you know, pro-US one or, and everyone who norm, who normalizes or, or is or believes that, you know, transgender people being oppressed by the government are more likely to vote against the government. You could see a cynical self-serving cold hard calculated decision for a, for a MAGA state department to fund transgender dance festivals. And I, this is important to keep in mind.


In Bangladesh, it was the IRI who funded that. It was the Republicans who funded the transgender dance festivals, of course, and rap groups. Of course, you know, Republicans are not known for loving rap, you Know, but it's John McCain. I mean, McCain ran it for years, right? I mean, they're actually all for that. But Trump is a winner. Trump likes to win and think of the feather in the cap that it would be for Marco Rubio to be the person who brought democracy defense. What I'm saying is, is leave aside the transgender issue. I get it. This is going to happen in everywhere. And, and I think people just don't understand that that aid is a dirty deed with Donald Trump returning to the White House.


This country has a unique opportunity, maybe our last opportunity to save ourselves from the anti-American and anti-human left. But our efforts may be stymied by the deep state. That's what happened to the first Trump term permanent Washington stands in the way of all efforts to approve the lives of ordinary Americans. And right now they are scheming to do the same thing to the second Trump administration. They are determined to keep their stranglehold on power regardless of elections anti democratically. That is a fact. So what do you do to fight them? How do you defeat the deep state? Well, one way You can is by supporting the Heritage Foundation, which is in Washington, and understands exactly how it works in such a way that they're a threat and they're under attack. You know, who's effective? 'cause other one's under attack. Heritage has a comprehensive plan to dismantle permanent Washington and restore the country to its democratic foundations. It's important visit heritage.org/tucker to learn more and to support this critical effort. And when you make a gift today, you get a free pocket constitution to make certain that you are equipped with the founding principles on your person at all times. It's amazing to read it again, that's heritage.org/tucker.


I, I agree with that. I I think my, I have a, like a macro problem with this, which is, you know, one, it's not at all clear that like overthrowing Maduro is in America's interest. I, I think there's like a, a loud exile community in Florida that wants it more foreigners who've come here brought, bringing their stupid feuds into our country and using political donations to make the US government settle their scores. It's like, get outta here. This is totally not our problem. Leave us alone. That's how I feel about the Cubans, the Venezuelans who, all of whom I like personally, but like, these are not our problems. And I feel that way about the Gaza thing. It's like, take it to Gaza.


Okay. Yeah. Not our problem. I think it's a fair, as an American, I think it's a fair position to have. But so there's that, you know, like, is this actually in our interest or are we just being paid to care about this? Yeah. Two, there is a moral quality to it. If you're gonna say the United States is better than other countries, then you can't just, you know, assassinate people you don't like, you can't just like totally destroy their social fabric. You have to make a straightforward, honorable case and allow the people of that country to decide using democratic means because you're for democracy. And if you're not for democracy, then don't say you are. And and I do think that like there's something so morally corrupting about the means that our foreign policy establishment uses to achieve its goals, that it actually does affect our domestic life.


Oh yeah. Like January 6th was an op Yeah. By, you know, by the, I think primarily by DOD is my impression. And it like kind of wrecked our country and put all these people in prison and like, who would even think to do something like that? Well they've been trained for years doing that sort of thing in far away nations. That's my view. Right. I I totally agree. Does that make sense? Yes. And and I'm, I'm, I'm glad that you're saying that because that, that is ultimately we need to square the circle, which is that, you know, Ima imagine a situation. I think right now, the thing that I'm heartened by more than the, the technical victories is the national consciousness raising that USAID does infect all of these institutions.


And that there is this bleed over between foreign, foreign and domestic. When people see that media companies that are writing hip pieces on them or being funded by usaid, when people see that, you know, the, when I've written about the, so, you know, social media censorship and, and the usaid, you know, primer documents in the USAID SEPs program that, you know, formally plotted to get foreign countries to censor, to pass censorship laws, to target US tech companies. It's the sort of thing that we would typically, you know, have run a sort of USAID covert, covert operation to stop an another entity from doing. And it's our, they're doing it. And so, but you know, from, from all the way down the line, from the unions to the universities, to the for-profit companies, to the media, to the social media, to the terrorist groups, to the, you know, gain of function and, you know, pandemic.


I mean there's, you know, how, how, how corrupt does an agency need to be? Drugs, terrorism, pandemics, I mean, But across the country after a While of, of course, of course, it's Like you don't allow your cops to just like, they knew who all the drug dealers are, but you don't allow your policemen to walk up and execute them. Right. Because that, I mean, that's not our system and we become as bad as the criminals were fighting if we behave like that. But part of the reason there has been such little transparency about USAID and I, and I always say, you know, when it's too dirty for the ccia A you give it to USAID for, for, for a number of reasons. Reasons. Serious, serious. Yeah. Yeah.


And, and I, I, I think if, if there really is a sort of USAID files that, you know, that, that we get from this administration, I think this is why I'm saying, I think people are going to want to not necessarily put a new heart in this, in this patient when they see how, how deep it all Goes. So, but just to recap some, I think you're making a, a really important point, and I just wanna make sure it doesn't get lost in the details. Correct me if this is not a fair summation, but I think you're saying when we look at, we were discovering all these things, all the transgender dance contests or whatever that they're funding, it's easy to say, well, they're just like dip shit liberals who are like doing dip shit liberal things.


And what you're saying is no, these are hard-edged instruments of policy. Yes. Now, of course the personnel ni you know, 97% of USAID employees d donate to Democrats of course. Right. You know, but, but you know, Liz Cheney started her, her career. You know, she is at the, at usaid at the Eurasia portfolio of Russia, Ukraine, po Poland, Hungary. And lot of this is destabilizing. Have you noticed, like I thought a great power, the reason the US is better than the Soviet Union was we brought stability, predictability, markets, democracy, And they brought, you know, war and instability. And I always thought that like good leadership, good stewardship, good parenting brought stability.


And it does seem like we were intentionally sowing stability dis you know, disunity and instability around the world. Oh, I mean, I, I I literally just, you know, quoted you a IRI document implementing USAID programs where they literally wrote to the US State Department that the purpose of, of this, you know, baseline assessment was to gather as many activists and informants and network nodes, quote to destabilize, you know, Bangladeshi politics, but apply that everywhere, you know, and this is, you know, fundamentally what I believe happened during Trump. So like, big Picture, do, do you really want that? Like, isn't that shameful? Oh, of course it's shameful. But, but the, I think people don't fully understand how products arrive on the shelves around them.


I was, I was mentioning Milton Freeman's pencil example. Well, what happens if Malaysia decides to nationalize, you know, to, to block exports of, of gum from the gum trees and the, the African miners decide that they are going to go on strike and not allow, you know, not allow, you know, Graphite, Graphite or, or, or lead, you know, and No blob, no pencils. If you don't have a mechanism to influence that foreign government to stop the nationalization law, to hit it with carrot, carrots and sticks, or if it's, if it's a problem within the population, sub government, if it's a particular, this is what happened in the Cold War when, when the CIA was breaking up union strikes in, in France, and, you know, the, the, you know, the docks and the, the longshoreman strikes and the CIA infiltrated the unions And they worked with the, you know, AFL CIO slash AFL CIA and, and, you know, for the, they all have union arms.


And, and so you need a, a method to be able to go into the unions if you want to be able to have pencils. Now, okay, you might say You can live without pencils, but how about no petroleum? What if, what if it's what if it's something that's what if these are really critical resources for us to be able to have microchips, for us to be able to have renewable batteries, for us to be able to have, you know, build computers for us to be able to put gas in our car or heating in our home. There is a potential necessity. And this is why I feel it's so imperative that what's happening right now is happening. And I'm, I'm thrilled that it is, but there's still much more to internalize about this because you're gonna need to reconstruct the history of the entire past century as you disentangle this whole thing.


If we had not toppled so many foreign governments in service of big oil, would we have, would we have had cheap oil? Well, does a president want to, this is where I come back to this Venezuela example. Trump wants to win. And again, I'm, we don't, we don't have to call it Venezuela. We can call it random, random country X. We're going to be hit with AdChoices as we, as we reduce the USAID function, if we reduce the USAID function. To my knowledge, you know, the, the staff has been radically cut from 14,000 to something like 290. But my my understanding is that most of the grants, you know, it's $44 billion at 14,000 employees. It's about a billion dollars of employee overhead, you know, a year.


So 43 of the 44 billion presumably are still going to all these, you know, frankensteinian monster projects. But you're, you're gonna be hit with that choice of, of do you want to win fighting dirty or do you want to potentially lose fighting fair? And, and that's gonna play out in every industrial sector in every region. And I'm, okay. And I, I, what I'm concerned about is that, so You're saying the US economy can't continue, our prosperity can't continue unless we like wreck other people's Countries.


No, I'm not saying, I'm not saying that. I'm saying that that is something, there's, there's a micro fractal portion of that argument that is going to play out. And there is going to be a sort of siren song every step of the way at every regional desk at the state department, at, at every National Security Council interagency coordination. And there are some lines that I believe we cannot ever cross. Like for example, on the social media censorship side, the fact is, is it was, according to Biden's foreign policy, Biden declared populism a threat to democracy. His State Department did as USA did, did. And so The best populists were popular online in Europe.


So the White House had a whole information integrity working group to have the US funded NGOs lobby, the European Union effectively, and push d the different sort of influence in spindle groups comprising the, the, the regulatory body around the EU Digital Services Act to add more and more censorship regulations to target their political opponents. And what you're doing is, is these people could not do that at home. 'cause we have a First Amendment, but Europe doesn't have one. So they, So if you declare populism to be an attack on democracy, then it's easier to win by advocating censorship. But that to me is a violation of fundamental American values.


And same way, and not Just censorship, but putting a lot of people in jail using violence, that is a form of violence in incarcerating someone, putting 'em in handcuffs. And that's what USAID does. USAID's role with the prosecutors is un unbelievable the, the, the depth of that rabbit hole. But if I, if I can just complete this point here, because I, I wanna make sure I'm, there's a lot of nuance to what I'm trying to say here, which is, which is that people need and, and, and especially at the policymaker and, and White House and House Senate oversight committee side, they need to get a sort of topographical map of the, the scope and spectrum of our dirty deeds done in the name of USAID in order to make a triage assessment of what kind of things can be dual purpose.


Because everything USAID is dual purpose. It has to be, it, it's, it's a us it's everything has to advance US national interests in some respect. Whether we're irrigating poppy fields or doing poverty relief programs or public health. Something about doing that act has to advance some sort of US national interest. Now, part of the reason it's been so difficult to oversee USAID or get answers from them is because they can't tell you those dual interests, honestly, in a public forum. Take this transgender dance festival in, in Bangladesh thing. Imagine a hearing on USAID and, you know, high ranking Republican senator holds up, you know, your funding Bangladesh, you know, you're funding transgender dance festivals and you're spending $2.7 million on this.


What possible US interest does that serve? Can that USAID administrator on live television say to the world? Well, that was a cynical, you know, we determined actually we were running a covert operation to overthrow that country's democratically elected government. And it actually wasn't about that, you know, the that at all. This was just, you know, the whole thing was, was a total front for We were building a coalition to challenge the government in power because we didn't like that government. Right. But Saying that undermines the efficacy of all other USAID Programs. Understand, no, I I, so it becomes I get it. Yeah. Right. But my concern is, there's some things you can't do assassinations, you know, promoting internet censorship, you know, full on, you know, regime change, you know, that mobilizes the ugliest assets in a society like terrorist groups or, you know, you know, extremist groups sort of thing.


But there's a lot of squishiness in between that. And I, I'm not sure that the MAGA foreign policy establishment being very new other now, not Marco Rubio, but Marco Rubio is newer to MAGA I than, you know, than than the rest of, of the White House. And, And he, you know, And he was approved, what, 99 to zero or something in the, you know, he was, he was in, in the Senate. He was the, you know, the easiest one to pass. And he's, and I think he's done a phenomenal job so far, by the way, if, if I can say that. But I feel like most of the people who came to the MAGA movement came to that for domestic, for na, for nationalist nationalistic reasons, and don't see under understand the interplay between the, the national and the global.


And as they are finding that out, they are seeing how horrible the deeds are done of the global, And there is going to be this impulse to destroy this thing, completely destroy this thing. And by the way, I don't, that's not even my principle fear, because I, I actually think, you know, the other part of this is that I could very easily see, see most of these grants being preserved simply through the trench State department. Yeah, yeah. Right. Simply through the State Department. I mean, this is what happened with Brexit. Everyone celebrate, everyone who was pro Brexit celebrated Brexit the day it happened. That to me is like the closure of, of the USAID building. But the fact is, is they effectively stopped Brexit. Yeah. It never happened post Brexit because of the, there's so many layers of resistance and implementation and that we're gonna run into that here, which is why I'm, I'm, I'm using this time to be able to talk with you today on something that is, that's on, on this, which is that you're, you're going to need to understand the purpose for these things and the scope of it, and be able to look at just how bad it is with clear eyes and not necessarily, I mean, have your rage boiling your anger moment and when, when that clears a fundamental reorganization of the way we carry out soft power is going to have to replace what we used to do if we don't do these dirty beats anymore.


Sure. But it has to be in the service of goals that, you know, are worth achieving, you know, like having a strong and free country. Right. The, the only problem with that is Trump represented something very different than that vision that was expressed by the Bush Biden blob Uniparty that had, that had been there. And in, in countries that are not stable, elections completely change every, you know, when, and, and this maybe gets to whether or not, you know, the, the problem is not necessarily just the institutions, but rather the, the sort of legacy of momentum of, of all these previous political forces.


Because you could see a situation where then, okay, every time a MAGA type populous candidate wins an election, all of our foreign policy institutions switch radically in one direction, calling that American interest. And then a sort of internationalist blob, a globalist person wins an election, and then all the institutions switch all of that. And so, you know, you can't, you can't even build permanent structures in, in foreign countries or permanent networks because everything's so schizophrenic election. Well, Weren't on your own. I mean, this is, this is the problem with our system is that it doesn't have continuity. Right. And the whole purpose of the deep state is to provide con, I mean, no one ever says this, but I grew up around it. The purpose of the deep state is provide continuity in a democracy in which leadership changes every four, eight years.


So how does that work exactly? So you have the political structure that runs everything at the request of the population. That's called democracy. But then you have, you know, longitudinal interest that have to be represented regardless of who's in power. Right. And so, you know, the deep state arose in response to an actual need. You have to have continuity. Right. Politics stops at the wire's edge. Right? That's Exactly right. Yeah. But then unfortunately, but at the same time, the deep state has to be in some deep sense, responsive to the population or else you have tyranny, right? So like, it's a very, you know, democracy is not an easy system to administer. It's, it's an easy one to talk about. And it, you know, it doesn't work that well in some ways.


Obviously I wanted to, I'm not against democracy, of course, being an American, but it doesn't, it, you know, it's hard. Yeah. So, no, I agree. I think the big change is the deep state. These institutions were taken over by incredibly dumb, shortsighted, selfish people. I don't think the problem is, you know, having an elite, the problem is having an inadequate, mediocre, selfish elite that doesn't actually like the country they're running. So that's just my personal editorial position on that. But I, I, I see what you're saying. I mean, I've seen it a lot, but here's, I wanna get back to something you said at the very beginning, which is the corrupting effect on America, the country, the place of 350 million people of this kind of behavior and the bleeding over of these tactics into our country.


Yeah. So, like, for example, I was, the one thing that really shocked me about these disclosures was that a lot of our domestic media is government media. Didn't know that. Right? Politico, which is garbage, utterly garbage publication. And it's become much worse, I would say in the past five or six years, takes $8 million a year from the government sort of secretly, sort of semi secretly. Well, what's that? Well, there's, there's a distinction I think that's useful to draw here between public agencies paying for premium services of, of us news websites that foreign facing.


So for example, you know, the State Department pays for premium subscriptions to various news sites in order to be able of access to, you know, all of the, you know, New York Times or Politico, you know, to be able to get behind the paywall for their employees so that while they're doing their job of soft power influence abroad, they have the maximum amount of knowledge at their fingertips. It's the same thing with, But that's all fake. I mean, Politico Pro, there's literally, it's written by 25 year olds. You know, there's like nothing in there that's real. They're paying off political, Right? Well, well, that's right. Well, but there's, there's two forms of that. And, and I'm, and I'm just also trying to educate people as they go through this discovery process about the extent of it.


'cause you're gonna see, it's, it's everyone. But there are two forms of it. One is, one is a, you know, a hundred percent it's pernicious. The other one has, there's smoke, but there's not necessarily fire. And so when I say the, the smoke not, it obviously creates an incentive to please your, the people giving you these government procurements. For example, if the, this is, this is what I published for example, about Reuters, you know, the Biden administration, you know, government agencies, you know, tally something like $300 million to, to various Reuters sort of sister sister company groups between their, between their news agency, between their, their Westlaw arm in between their, you know, sort of like forensic and like accounting services.


But, you know, you, you see these big like $60 million worth of grants from the Justice Department. And now the Justice department's paying, paying for Westlaw, you know, which is a Thomson Reuters thing. It still makes Reuters richer. But Reuters is writing hit pieces on the very people that the Justice Department is going after. And so of course it's, it's softening up, you know, the enemies. And In fact, you know, Reuters won a Pulitzer Prize for its hit piece for its investigative series on malfeasance by Elon Musk at all of his portfolio companies, Tesla X Ner Link, SpaceX. And meanwhile, the Biden administration had 11 different regulatory agents re regulatory agencies going after all of those.


And so the, the media getting paid by the government was providing the ammunition for prosecutions and regulatory, regulatory and disciplinary actions against the very stated targets of the government. And so you, you don't have a, you don't have a stated agreement in that case. You have a very, very perverse incentive. But there are places where you have, where it's even worse because there's, again, there's, there's sort of two forms that can take in the form of, you know, paying for services. But then also there's the affirmative sponsoring of media. So, you know, for, for example, the state, I believe it's the state department, maybe USA does pay like the Reuters news agency for, for work abroad.


But it's, it's a lot less than the the premium services. But, but more, more to like, here's a really clean example that gets to the heart, I think of what you're talking about with this domestic and how this all ties together. The LA the world's largest consortium of investigative journalists is a group called the O-C-C-R-P. And you just think of it, the corruption reporting project. They have since the very beginning been, they were initially, I believe fully funded by, by the US government, or they were the, the anchor funded. Now, now I believe half of their funds come from a combination of USAID and, and the state department and the, and these are supposed to be independent journalists, and they're investigative hit piece writers covering the topic of corruption.


If, if there's something that's published on, on O crps, you know, website or through their media network, it's never about, the sky was blue today and you know, someone saved a cat from a tree. No, it's, it's all investigative hit piece work, exposing some aspect of corruption in a country. And so, for ex, and this was something that, that the USBN funding really, I mean, this type of work over a decade ago mean really around this before O-C-C-R-P, around the time of Yugoslavia and whatnot. 'cause we wanted to create a predicate to arrest the political enemies of the State Department, of course, in the region by cooking up corruption scandals that prosecutors could then use to arrest them on the basis of corruption.


And so the problem is, prosecutors don't know what to look for. And also it's, it's, it, it's not necessarily politically feasible to prosecute somebody who's got a halo on them. So the halo has to be broken by hit peace news articles, snooze articles by investigative journalists who often get proprietary access. For example, you know, the, the O-C-C-R-P, this corruption reporting project has gotten very strange special access to hack documents while they're being funded by, you know, what many believe to be a CIA front group, you know, in the form of usaid, you know, when, when they get special access to documents hacked from a, a computer and used that as the basis for the Panama Papers.


Well, you know, we, they're reporters. You can't ask 'em their source, but the interests align. These are the targets of, of the US State Department who happens to be funding 'em. They are mercenary media for the state. Now what, now I'm gonna, I want to mention two aspects of this scandal, because it's, this plays out everywhere, but this one, it's just, it, it's, it's simultaneously clean and dirty enough that I feel like it's just an anecdote everyone should remember forever. One, directly on US politics and targeting of Trump. As you mentioned, O-C-C-R-P got their, their Eurasia, you know, it covers like seven or eight countries that they're supposed to dig up dirt of, you know, of, of corrupt politicians and corrupt, you know, oligarchs in, in those, in those territories.


And there are Eastern Europe, Europe, $20 million for their Eastern European operation. And so that covers Ukraine. And so what did they do in 2019? They dug up dirt on Rudy Giuliani, and then that dirt ended up being used as part of the impeachment of Donald Trump in 2019. So they had, so they, this is the State Department funding mercenary media to then dig up dirt on high profile US citizens metastasizing into that very evidence being entered into the congressional record to, to, to successfully impeach The president of the United States.


So in that case, if there was no, you know, if there was no State Department USAID funding to O-C-C-R-P, they wouldn't have, you know, presumably had the capital to, to go out and dig up dirt on Rudy Giuliani. And then Americans wouldn't have been hearing, you know, the, these all, And they also, you know, wrote hit pieces on Paul Manafort and, and his, I believe his relations with Julian Assange. But basically you had this foreign policy blob apparatus who hated Trump and wanted to take him out and just like state and USAID were paying O-C-C-R-P to dig up dirt on foreign oligarchs and, and foreign presidents. The net result, and we don't know if there was any sort of, and I'm not saying that there wasn't necessarily necessarily a, you know, a direct agreement to do that.


I'm, I'm not privy to that. But the fact is, is that, is, that is in effect what happened. The, the faction of the foreign policy establishment that most detested Trump and wanted him out. He was being impeached because of his foreign policy around Russia and Ukraine. And it, and so USAID spending to journalists in Ukraine comes back to be used to impeach Trump. Well, and, and, and to smear me as a Russian agent, right? That's been reported. It's out there, it's proven. So my tax dollars go to impugning my character and calling me a disloyal American. And a certain point you're like, we kind of need a revolution.


I mean, that's why, should we put up with that for a second? Well, we're, we're in a sort of, You can, You can feel, I can, You can feel the, the passion around this this week and, and people sensing how much of their world has been usurped without their consent by these institutions. But just to complete this on, on, on the corruption reporting project that gets half of its funding from the State Department and USAID and the US government has the formal Yes. You know, yes. Yay. Yes. No, about who they can bring on as staff. And they have to, you know, submit basically, you know, what they're gonna do, you know, the, the year ahead, but on usaid spending.gov, I'm sorry, on usaid.gov, the USAID website before it went down this weekend.


But I have all the receipts and I have all the PDFs on my social media feed. They, they have a sec, they have a whole document on this corruption reporting pro probe project. And, and how, how amazing it has been for, for us, you know, for, for USAID's anti-corruption humanitarian work. And it, it shows the ENT entry, it says $20 million, and here are the, you know, seven or eight countries they operate in. The next page has something which is just absolutely devastating to the, to the concept of, of, of, of the firewall between our humanitarian aid organization and prosecutors. It's called, it's the accomplishment section. And there are four bullet points in this accomplishment section.


Again, this is on usaid.gov publicly boasting about hit pieces for hire mercenary media to call people, corrupt call citizens called. So the first line item is over a billion dollars worth of assets seized. So they're basically saying, Hey, great return on investment. We spent $20 million, we were able to seize a billion dollars. But you did that by paying journalists to dig up dirt on people. What if the journalists got it wrong? What, you know, what if There's no legal process, by the way? I mean, it's not like people went to court and were found guilty or anything. We just took the stuff Well act well, this is this that we, we, we'll get to that, actually, that's bullet 0.4.


But bullet 0.2 was, it was something like a somewhere between 103 hundred policy changes in different government and civil society institutions in these countries. So this USAID saying, us paying for political black ops hit pieces generated hundreds of policy changes at the government level and, and at the institutional level there, well, we're presupposing all of those are good. I mean, the, they wouldn't be calling them an accomplishment unless the, the USA thought they were good. So they're right. They have a catalyzing change they want to do to the policies of foreign countries. And they think the way to do that is to pay mercenary media outlets to dig up dirt on people and then use that as the predicate to force through policy changes.


Then they have a section on all the different government officials that they got that, that were, that were forced to resign because of their state US aid state sponsored media. And I think the list was like six or seven, but they said, including a president and a prime minister. So they, they are bragging effectively in this, in this document that, hey, what a bang for the buck for $20 million. We were able to topple two governments. And then the fourth bullet point is, is the one that winds through its whole u this whole USA prosecutor story. It says 456 arrests and indictments generated on the basis of, of OCC RPS reporting.


So this is the State Department bragging about the incredible volume of human beings whose lives and liberties have been taken from them because of sponsored hit pieces by the US government. We don't know how many of those people were innocent. We don't know. You know what, what even they were charged for. When you read that usaid.gov document on OCC RP, it doesn't even list their crimes. We just know it's a good thing that 456 people got arrested because we paid for, for what Do their families think? You know? Right. And, and prosecutors then use that as the basis for, for criminal indictment.


They could Really become hated in the rest of the world by behaving this way. Well, how many foreign leaders have you seen, you know, other than maybe one I can think of, but how many foreign leaders have you, have you seen who have been making impassioned floor speeches this week about the tens of thousands of people who are going to die if USAID leaves? I'm wondering where all the leaders of African countries have been this week, or, or, you know, low income central Asian or western hemisphere countries are. Why do, why are they all either silent or like in the case of El Salvador, relieved that this is happening? None of them are getting the money. In fact, many times USAID is forced on them as a condition.


Oh, I know, I know some of those leaders And they don't want our aid at all. Right? Yeah. Right. Oftentimes USAID institutions are forced into their country or forced into different regions in their country as, as part of a compliance measure that the State Department is imposing. You know, you need to have a certain level of human rights, you know, you know, monitoring or, you know, there, your, your water levels have to have this, you know, certain percent purity, or you need to be able to maintain, you know, this, you know, your energy development has to be this consistent with climate change or else, you know, we're going to, you know, destroy you in the, in the, in the, you know, with the, with our trade relations or we're going to put sanctions on you unless you put our humanitarian aid organs in there.


Yeah. And so boom, just like that under the banner of aid, we're in control of your energy infrastructure. We're in control of your river systems. Yeah, sure. So, you know, I, I think the reason that the only people that we really see who are def who are pro defending USAID right now are people here in the United States or in nato, you know, that are directly or indirectly on the take or their, or their donors or constituents are. So, in September, we went across the country coast to coast, 17 different cities on a nationwide live tour. And it was amazing. We brought the entire staff with us like we always do. 'cause we all worked together for so long and enjoyed traveling together. And one of our producers is a documentary filmmaker.


And so he decided to make a documentary film about our trip, a full month across America with some of the most interesting people around. Different people joined us every single night on Gino and Russell Brand, and Bobby Kennedy and JD Vance and Donald Trump, et cetera, et cetera. We had The best time. And the fruit of that is a documentary called On the Road, the Tucker Carlson live tour, which is available right now on TCN on the road. Tucker Carlson live tour is hilarious. You will like it.


You may get a little excited when you shop at Burlington. What advice? They're my favorite brand. It's like a new, I'm saving so much. Yeah. Burlington saves you up to 60% off other retailers prices every day. Will it be the low prices or the great bridge? You'll love the deals. You'll love Burlington, I told you.


So


What makes a great pair of glasses at Warby Parker? It's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95, including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, sm resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or to find the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to warby parker.com. That's warby parker.com.


So I, I got an email from a friend of mine, a text from a friend of mine, yesterday's, such a wonderful guy, actually, conservative Trump fan, but a, a recipient of USAID money. And he said, it's totally corrupt. You're right. But He goes, they don't understand you're gonna tank the economy of Northern Virginia if you shut this spigot off. Right. And I thought maybe that's the one perspective people watching in the US don't understand is how totally dependent the DC metro area is on foreign policy spending. Yeah. It's not, it's not making it to Congo, it's stopping in Arlington. It's, well, that's why I said donors and constituents, right? Because those are cons. Like think about the, the congressmen in, in those representing those districts, and you know, you, you, you see that That's exactly right.


It's, it's, it's our own, you know, it's our own economies. And, and, and then, you know, the point I was making earlier is that, you know, you are gonna have this sort of follow on trickle down economic impact if many of our multinational corporations who form the bedrock of our, you know, stock exchanges and chamber of commerce, if the dirty deeds that USA does are cut out, are they still going to have as will that impact their profitability? And so that's why I I, I wanted to, you know, spend the, the time in the beginning just talking about that, that tension.


Because in, in the oil and gas case, like Trump has a plan around that drill, baby drill, right? Like, like you don't, we might not need to fund transgender dance festivals in order to, you know, like you go to the CIA world book, you know, everyone go on cia.gov and just look at every country. And CCIA has a world book of, of all of the strategic resources in every country. And so, you know, Burma is top strategic resource petroleum. Okay, let's just, we don't need to necessarily have the sticky issue about whether or not we need to extract those foreign resources from Burma. If, if the sitting government there doesn't, if we are drill baby drilling at home, right there, there's creative offsets that can be done to replace dirty tricks.


You know, for example, like, you know, with, with ISIS and, and the dynamics in Syria and Afghanistan and, and Pakistan. If there are ways to reconceptualize the way we do trade in the region or do creative, you know, joint partnerships or, or try to make inroads into other, you know, parts of the population that we're not, you know, tested as, as robustly, but you're gonna need to think a lot more creatively about that when you don't have access to the, the dirty deeds done dirt cheap and that. And so that's just, I feel like that, I just wanna impress that point because I think a lot of MAGA republicans are going to think that it's, it's easier than it is to reorganize that.


And there's just a lot of surgery that needs to be done if you're going to cut that function out, which I totally support doing in nine out of 10 cases. But there's a, you know, there's going to be a remnant and we need a doctrine that's cohesive and sellable to the American people. 'cause the problem was, is we had built such an elaborate lab labyrinth of lies that you couldn't even honestly talk about it with people. This is the whole oversight thing that I mentioned. You know, you, this happened with the ZinZanni scandal with USAID in, in from 2009 to 2014 ish. There was, you know, we, we, USAID and NED were at the forefront of the Arab Spring and toppling democratically elected governments in Tunisia and Egypt and all over, you know, in these street color revolutions that were powered by digital diplomacy.


You know, we've discussed this before, you know, where USA was funding people and, you know, to do, do youth engagement for how to use Facebook hashtags and, you know, and, and how to mobilize street protests so that everyone knows where to go and, and what kind of, you know, slogans and slang to use. And so, you know, they wanted to, they wanted Kind, kind of like the George Floyd protests Yeah. Kinda like the George Floyd protests. Yeah. Kind Of, yeah. Wait, can I just ask you to pause and, and just remind us why exactly the Obama State Department would want a top I'll say the government of Egypt. There's, there's a, a lot, I, my understanding is, is a lot of it has to do with the natural resources and, you know, the sort of Middle East, north Africa, you know, I mean, the fact is, is, you know, like, I mean, Egypt is the, you know, sort of the lip of, of Europe that way.


And, but I think there's probably Middle Eastern politics that play into it as well. And it's a, it's a complicated picture, but I think we can, but We can say 10 years later, more than 10 years later, it was not a clean win for the United States. Oh, right. No, totally. I I don't see how we're killing Kaddafi, the Iraq war. Like, I don't know that any of this, what's going on now in the Middle East, Syria, et cetera. I don't, I don't see, these are obvious victories for us do Oh, I don't think they do either, actually. There's, there's been a lot of, where did it all go wrong in the years post revolution? But in those early years, they were really jazzed up about this new internet, social media superpower that they had deployed to topple those governments.


And so they sought to do that in Cuba by creating what they, what USAID called a Cuban Spring. And the problem was at that, at that time, Cuba had banned US social media companies calling them, you know, a tool of US imperialism. And so there was no Twitter allowed. And so USAID pulled off this operation to create a, a, a company called Zza Neo, which is, it was a, it was a Twitter knockoff. It had the same user interface, it had the same like, and retweet button. And that was, I believe like the Cuban slang word for, for hummingbird. So it was basically even had like the bird. And they, they knew that they couldn't, it couldn't be an American company. So they had to convince, I think it was two Cuban businessmen to set this up.


And they ran it as they ran it through usaid, they ran it as they, what they did is they took humanitarian relief funds earmarked for Pakistan, And they ran it through a byzantine labyrinth of shell companies and money launder through Cayman Banks and Panamanian banks and, and, you know, BVI banks. And so that it, it got to these Cuban businessmen to set it up so that Cuban counterintelligence would not suspect that it was a US thing. They, this USAID contracted out to a group called Creative Associates International, CAI, not CIA, it's CAI. And they're very creative. And, and what they, the internal documents showed when this whole scandal blew up at USAID is that USAID's plan was to recruit about a hundred thousand Cubans onto this, onto this platform, luring them in with, with algorithms and vibes favoring sports music and hurricane updates were the, were the, were the main things.


And they said once we've, and but at the same time, we're actually gonna be taking all their personal data on the backend, and we are going to be using AI for all the metadata and all the websites that they visit and all the cookies. We're gonna take that to aggregate a political, have political receptivity map of the, of the categories of users within these a hundred thousand that'll be most receptive to take to the streets in a violent revolution against, against the government. And what they, what they plotted is that at, at the, at the appropriate moment, once the critical nodes had, once they had a critical mass of users on the platform, And they had enough support from other civil society institutions that were, that were being funded by USAID and, and state and NED at the time, that they would then activate what they, what they called smart mobs.


They would, they would switch the algorithms, smart mobs. They would, they would switch the algorithms And they would selectively target news distribution of, of messages to, to users on the basis of their political proclivities in order to get them to take to the streets in, in violent street protests and over overthrow their government basically the same, you know, pull off the same thing that was, that happened in the Air Spring, but do it in Cuba. And all they needed was enough people on the user base. That was their, that was what they, can I just pause again and, and just remind people that I, I think if most Americans had been aware that this was going on in 2020, the Black Lives Matter protests would've been instantly recognizable as a government sponsored revolution.


Right. Call revolution against Donald Trump. 'cause that's what it was. Well, I want, I wanna come back to, because there's actually a lot there that is, I think we'll be more even more impactful after just kind of finishing this, this one point on, on USAID here, which is that, 'cause you know, you mentioned if Americans had had known this is going on. Well, what was really interesting about the scandal is nobody knew that, that USAID was doing this. This was clearly CIA style covert action, you know, the construction of a private sector for-profit social media company that, that gets its funds from nonprofit humanitarian relief funds earmarked for a country 13,000 miles away.


And all with the Express Pol stated interest of doing diplomatic, you know, w work with extreme diplomatic implications, overthrowing the government of a foreign country. And so as this scandal all broke open, the, the media and what had happened was, is Senate oversight had been completely blocked from any information about this operation. And this is what you heard, Joni Ernst, Senator Joni Ernst tell Elon Musk earlier this week when she was explaining how she was totally blocked by usaid, it was a total black box. They, they, you know, it's all in-house. It's all subject to the Inspector general there. And that the Inspector General says, no, the Senate gets nothing and there's nothing they can do.


And it's less accountable in many respects than the CIA because the CIA, when they do covert action, they have to get a presidential finding. This is part of the reforms that were done, you know, in the 1970s when it looked like, okay, the CIA was going rogue. And so every CIA covert action has to be formally authorized by The president of the United States. But what happens if The president doesn't want to approve something? Well, and and you still want the deed done. What if, for example, you know, you belong to a certain wing of the foreign policy establishment. That's the doubt is what The president and the, you know, the president's not going to approve it. So how can you get that done? Like say for, you know, the funding of ISIS groups, for example, Trump was wanted to crush isis.


Hillary Clinton and Jake Sullivan said, ISIS is on our side in Syria. The Biden administration kicked billions of dollars in the aggregate to ISIS. And, and Al-Qaeda groups just are now the sitting government of Syria. And In fact, right now, the current head of the government in Syria, Muhammad Alani, was there was a $10 million bounty on his head as being a Al Al-Qaeda terrorist. That that tweet is still live on the US Embassy in Syria. But our, it's right. But if Trump wouldn't authorize the CIA covertly running funds to the, to isis, but that cell within the ccia a still wanted to do it, all they need to do is walk on over to their friends at usaid.


And USAID can do it without a presidential finding. They can call now they can, all it takes is creative structuring. They can just do it through humanitarian, you know, relief funds to, you know, to a certain, you know, part of the, you know, certain, certain region that has a, you know, disproportionate amount of ice k in it. They can fund, you know, the, the educational institutions or they can water the, this is another thing USA had got in trouble for is when they were, they were, they, they were essentially sustaining the, the heroine su the world's heroine supply. 95% of the world's heroine supply, you know, came from, came from Afghanistan. Why were they doing that?


Well, I, the u so USAIDs, one of their, one of their close partners is another USAID adjacent entity called the US Institute for Peace. It's, its office is right next to the State Department in, in Washington DC It gets, it was created by Congress. It gets $56 million a year from taxpayers. And in last, in, in 2023, the US Institute for Peace wrote a, a white paper that said, that told the Taliban not to shut down the, the heroine, not to shut down the poppy fields because it would create a economic and humanitarian disaster that basically, I mean, this is, this is the State Department.


They're fully funded by the US State Department. They are, they are sort of the policy arm of, you know, many, many of the aspects of usaid. Whereas USAID is 44 billion, they only have 56 million. But they, they all advance US foreign policy in a cohesive vision for a region. And they're both operating in Afghanistan. So while US Institute for Peace is saying we need to keep the heroin flowing, it was USAID who was doing all the, the water irrigation of the poppy fields in order that that allowed that propagation of the heroin to continue. And that gets into, you know, a, a darker story around the role of, of narco, you know, narco activity and narco gangs as instrument of state instruments of statecraft.


You know, this was, you know, the mujahideen that were pumped up by Za Big New Brezinski and RCIA and, you know, in the 1970s and eighties. And that, you know, they were, they were being funded by drug money from the golden, from the Golden Crescent and it being laundered into Pakistan banks like the CIA bank, you know, BCCI, and everyone can read about the Bank of Credit and Commerce International scandal and the, and, and that, but you know, it was, it was narco terrorism funding for us backed terrorist paramilitary groups that we were propping up as freedom fighters against the Soviets in Afghanistan. You know, and if You remember seeing the old, you know, wa Osama bin Laden puff piece, you know, freedom warrior on the road to peace with, you know, when he's back in the mujahideen days.


But what I'm saying is you see this play out everywhere. You know, this was a, this was a big part of, you know, how how right wing capitalist movements were in, in Western Hemisphere were propped up against left wing socialist and Marxist, you know, opposition in, in the 1950s and sixties. And, and you see this run through everything. I mean, think about what's happen with El El Salvador, you know, why did, why did Bucha say that, you know, basically was the first one on X to say that, yeah, USAID is awful. It's gotta go. Countries don't want it.


Look at my case because USAID was trying to regime change 'em from there. The Soros groups, I mean the, they all said that his attempts to clean up the drug trade were human. You know, were, were, you know, humanitarian violations of the rights of drug cartels. You seen that, that, you know, the, the government of Mexico appears to actually be quite, quite happy with the move to abolish usaid. There's a piece of Newsweek about this Trump strange allies in the, in the, you know, in the fight to end usaid. And it's, it's the Mexican government. They don't want it either. Well, there what I'm saying is, is the scope of our dirty deeds done through USAID and State department grants and through CI covert activity that is only made possible because they're working with assets whose budget is funded by USAID, or, or budget is funded by state or budget is funded by the national down for democracy or others.


You know, a a lot of that work is just liaising with assets that are, that are there. They don't have that big a budget. USAID is the three times bigger budget than the CIA. And so they depend on working with state department, USAID cultivated assets. And so we're gonna have to disentangle this whole spider web in order to form a cohesive foreign policy vision that isn't evil. And I think that's, I kind of think that's the point that isn't evil. Because I mean, in our system, I really think in any system, even a, a monarchy, the people have to think that in general, the government is, you know, doing things they approve of isn't actively evil, isn't, you know, in business with the drug cartels in Mexico, which our government is as, you know, because there's, if the people of a country don't think it, their own government has legitimacy, like it can't last very long.


Right. It, it doesn't last. Right. Right. No, absolutely. So are you concerned that when people learn like what's gonna happen when the, these stories penetrate that yes, your government has been paying to wreck a lot of other places and you know, is working against you using your money. I mean, what, it's kind of hard to unknow that. Right? And thank goodness, you know, the, because we're, we're going to need that level of national consciousness about these scandals in order to create the moral buffer against the temptation Right.


To be evil again. That's exactly Right. And, you know, so I do think that this is all because, 'cause this is, this is a, this is a dog fight to the bone. We are going to be at every level at the, every year in the budget, there's going to be this fight. I mean, now, and, you know, here's the question. How much more does the State Department get in the budget? You know, if since, you know, I had like a $35 billion budget, now it's getting USAIDs 44 billion. But what fraction of that is Trump going to, I've been saying here for, for, for a long time. 'cause everyone talks about how USAID is funneling things to left wing causes, and very easy to see that, you know, we talked about the 97% of employees at USAID who donate to Democrats.


But to me, the, the main issue here is the remnant of internationalist Republicans in Congress who can form a critical majority block with, in the house or in the Senate in order to get their way on this issue. Like you could, you could see a situation where their own vested interests, their own constituents are so dependent on either USAIDs funding or the results of USAID operations that they will side with the Democrats in order to, in inflict damage on the Trump White House, of course, budget vision.


And so that's gonna be a, a constant fight. And might I, what what I'm hoping evolves over the next weeks and months is a moral north star for a America first nationalist or populist or maga or, or centrist or simply, you know, reasonable liberal or or center left folks where you have the current level of American prosperity, you remove that evil in the, in the labyrinth of lies, something needs to fill that gap, you know, like we talked about in the oil and gas basis, drill, baby drill for, for oil.


Okay. But now do that for semiconductors, you know, like, yep. And now do that for every critical mineral. And, and maybe the answer is, I mean, what I've been trying to sell is that if you're going to do the dirty deeds and you do believe they're necessary for statecraft, then it, there has to at least be an obligation to be honest about them. You know, like I thought it was very honest, you know, when Lindsey Graham Fi finally came out and said, the strategic vision of the United States is the, the, you know, the $14 trillion worth of natural resources it relying on the humanitarian predicate for it allows voters to be deceived and for them to then turn around and be totally, feel totally hoodwinked when they find out that, Hey, why are you paying for the unions, the media companies, the things that are, that are acting here on the homeland?


I, we have this tumor that we're removing from the, the, the body of the American project, but there was blood flowing into that, and it's connected to all these arteries. My the thing that I want to make sure happen that is midwifed appropriately is what are you changing about our foreign policy structure so that when you remove the tumor, you know, you, the blood still, you know, flows in the way that you want it to. You know, you're not ripping the heart out with open heart searching. I get it. I'm just less confident than, than you are that we're reaping some massive reward for this.


I mean, I remember people muttering darkly about, you know, the purpose of the Iraq war in 2003 was to seize the whale in Iraq. Well, that didn't happen, didn't happen in Libya. I mean, I, I don't, it's, it's hard to, I guess I don't have a clear picture of the material benefits that we're receiving From this. Well, look at, look at the benefits to the, to the stock price for Chevron and Exxon when the war broke out and, and the, the US State Department strong armed every country in Europe to divest from Russian gas, And they all were forced to buy expensive North American LNG. Their, their stock prices went to the moon. They, they had something like, you know, triple the, you know, the profits or something for, for a certain period of months, you know, following that and reap these windfall benefits.


And, you know, the, the, this is, we're sort of confronting the ghost of Ronald Reagan here because, you know, the, the, the, the reason you do that for statecraft purposes is trickle down economics, right? What's good for ExxonMobil is good for the American citizens. And so if, if so a dirty deed done to advance, you know, big oil, you know, big oil, big ag, you know, big tech, whatever it is, anything that's good for them is good for us. And so anything that the, that the US government can do in the form of overt or covert diplomacy or covert influence in the region that tips the scales in favor of those US corporate interests or us multinational interests will ultimately trickle down to the people itself.


I mean, that's the logic and you need to Confront that. I understand. I just, I, I don't, I don't think it's a holistic view of, of it. First it assumes that the interests of big publicly traded companies are identical to those of the United States, which is not true. Second, it assumes that weak neighbors make a strong America also not true. Destroying the economy of Western Europe is actually not in our long term interest at all. It just helps China and it changes the balance of power globally East. That is not in our interest at all. And so, I, I'm not confi I think the people running this are dumb fucks actually. Yeah. I don't think they know what they're doing. Right. I don't think they even understand, you know, the big picture, grand game type diplomacy.


I just don't think they're capable of it. I think they're, they're dumb. They're like on Twitter. And so I just don't have confidence in their judgment, I guess is what I'm saying. Right. Is that fair? No, I think it is because If your measure is like short-term stock spikes, okay, those are pretty easy to affect. That's like, you know, but that's not the same as like long-term prosperity. But maybe they're smarter than me. I'm the dumb one. All Right. Take the Pepsi coup in 1973. Okay. The, the, you know, we overthrew the government of, of Chile, we toppled, you know, the INA government and Yep. You know, 30 years later, 35 years later, files were declassified that showed that the chairman of the Pepsi Cola company had lobbied the Secretary of State to that, that US national interests in the form of Pepsi Cola bottling operations were going to be devastated if IN was allowed, you know, you know, one, you know, was allowed to remain in power and I forget if he was nationalizing some element or, yeah.


But basically, you know, Pepsi had these bottling operations there, it was going to massively, you know, tank their capacity to produce the, the, the cans for, for Pepsi bottles. And so a meeting was organized between, I think it was like, it was, it was the, it was the CIA director at the time and, and the chairman of Pepsi Cola. Everyone can look up the Guardian article on this, just type in Pepsi coup Chile. And so the, the, the chairman of Pepsi and the, the head of the Central Intelligence Agency have a planning meeting about The best way to overthrow a government in order to preserve Pepsi's profits.


And they even bring in to the meeting, the, the meeting minutes show. They bring in basically the state department's media guy for the region who ran a, a, a web of, of print media and radio stations so that the media guy could be brought into the propaganda, you know, that was being co generated effectively by the CIA and Pepsi. Well, I mean, this plays out everywhere as, as multinational corporations can benefit from US, government pressure on foreign companies apply to that. That's, That's clearly true. I just, I just, I, I, you know, I think that American business interests have a very obvious recent history of trading short-term profits for long-term strength.


You know, selling all your industries to China at 40 cents on a dollar, you know, clearly makes a small number of people rich. But it's like, it's not a long-term plan for prosperity, actually. Well, You know, there's not Good at this. In a way, it's a miracle that this is happening. 'cause it's forcing us to confront all the related issues as we put together a more cohesive vision for us soft power, which is that that reaganite style trick of down economics 1980s thing may have made sense when those corporations were American corporations, right. With American manufacturing facilities employing American labor. But now these are nominally, you know, American companies, but they are, but there's no, there's no trickle down because it's not like that's substantially increasing American jobs when they're going overseas to Asia.


They don't provide American jobs in the First place. Right. Or, or it's not, you know, pro providing, you know, enhancing the security of our supply chains because it's, you know, it's giving more, more for our factories. 'cause we don't even have the factories anymore. No. And so Trump is doing all this in tandem. You know, he's trying to onshore things. He's trying to bring back domestic manufacturing. And some of that may be how we approach statecraft, which is that, you know, the, the kinds of entities that we consider to be US national interest are the ones that, you know, have a certain amount of American investment. You know, you can't be a sort of American in name only. Right. And, you know, have, you know, you know, so much of your workforce in China or have so much of your, you know, you know, operations, you know, I mean there, there may be a sort of, you know, we need to sort of have a, a cohesive vision of, of what national interest is if we're not going to completely Agree.


I, you know, com companies basically owned by the sovereign wealth funds of our rivals who are only here to benefit from our enforcement of copyright, et cetera, et cetera. No sense, really American, why, why are we like wrecking the world for their benefit? Yeah. You know, so I just wanna end on the, just to get deeper, if you don't mind, into this question of the effect of our foreign policy on our domestic life. And you just can't escape the suspicion that our politics are really volatile. We're way less free than we were in part because of, you know, methods of control refined overseas. Like I just look back the last five years and I'm like everything you've said about what U-S-A-I-D and Ned and all these other groups or state department are doing abroad.


I'm just seeing that here. So am I being crazy? Oh, not at all. I mean, there's a million direct examples of this. There's something that you've brought up several times so far around Black Lives Matter and I I I feel like I, that was So obviously fake. Like this armed robber porn star drug addict gets dies of a drug od on the street after passing, you know, a counterfeit bill and like all of a sudden America collapses. Come on. Right. Come on, dude. Right, Right. Well, And Osama Bin Laden plan nine 11. I'm like, the whole thing is just too dumb for me. I can't deal With it. Right. No, and there's, there's a few, a few pieces to that. So first Black Lives Matter is, you know, one of the main NGOs that serves as the Black Lives Matter clearinghouse is, is the Tide Center and the Tides Foundation.


And USAID gave the Tide Center a $27 million grant. Okay. Now here, here we go. Yeah. And now nominally that grant is for the Tide, tide Center institutions to solicit secure concrete investments from foreign countries on issues related to US national interest. So basically the USAID is deputized this, this, you know, group that's, you know, in the center of the Nest around, around Black Lives Matter to secure commitments from foreign governments, from a formal US government agency. They're deputized to act as a sort of long arm of the State Department.


And they're getting 27 million for it. And by the way, when they get, actually before, before I go deeper on the, the, the Black Lives Matter stuff, 'cause there's a, there's a lot there. I've been calling this the, you know, the Smith month problem for usaid, you know, right. We had a Smith month act from 1948 until 2013 with the modernization under Obama that effectively got rid of it. That prohibited foreign propaganda or, or fake news stories intended for foreign audiences from being circulated here at home. Exactly. They got rid of that with usaid it's even worse because as bad as it is for propaganda, USAID has the Smith month problem for financing and operations.


The USAID can provide money to international institutions or to NGOs for their work abroad. But then they turn around and, and now they have all this money And they now are wealthy and, and powerful and deeply ingrained, highly pedigreed institutions because of all their money from state and aid and, and ned. But there's nothing blocking them from also operating on US soil. So, you know, I give an example of like, there's a, you know, this, this for-profit private sector censorship mercenary firm called News Guard and got a $750,000 Pentagon contract to, you know, help the Pentagon trace the information for fingerprints of, of Russian mis and disinformation.


Okay. Maybe there's a strategic interest in the Pentagon mapping out pro-Russia narratives in, in regions around the world. But News Guard targets US citizens. News Guard has, you know, the, the, the former head of NATO on its board, the format is they, Oh, I've I've been targeted by news cards, so I know. Oh yes. Oh yeah. Of, of course. But they, whether or not the grant is for, like, they don't have, there's a lot of domestic censorship grants that the Biden administration gave to pump these things up domestically. Like the National Science Foundation did this lot. But in this case, it's, what you're doing is you're making the institution more powerful. You are buffering its revenues, you're padding its profit margins.


So it's now more powerful to be able to take you on, even if the grant isn't for that money. Exactly. And exactly. So it bleeds into it. And this exactly, this happens with every institution USAID works for. And when you under, and again, coming back to the fact that USAID is at the heart, you know, USAID is, is the swing player between the State Department, the CIA a and the Pentagon. And, and it works with all three of those. And you know, you never know when you see a USAID program, which of those three ops is being run. But you know, for certain it's one of those three, you don't know if it's to advance, you know, a, a stated state department diplomacy priority in the region. You don't know if it's being used in order to advance a US national security interest in the region.


Or You don't know if it's being used to advance an unstated State Department foreign policy goal being pursued by the CIA. And it's fun and it's functioning as an intelligence of it. And I'll give you some examples of this in 2021, I've, I've talked about this a few times, but under Mark Milley and, and Joe President Joe Biden, the, the, the first special forces, you know, vision statement prospectus pages 1617, everyone can look this up. It's a, it's on, it's a public doc, you know, government document You can find online. And it's, it presents a, a way to synchronize the, the psychological operations and civil military affairs work that the Special forces does with the different organ, with, with the different foreign policy agencies can play supporting roles.


So they give an example of they're trying to block, block the Chinese from buying a, a port in China and the China, the African, I'm sorry, in Africa. In Africa, the African government doesn't wanna go through with it. I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll kind of just try to make this as, as simple as possible. Basically what ends up happening is, is the State Department can't get the African government to co to cooperate and agree to cancel this, you know, this this port construction. And so they, they need to buy time before the port is completed for the State Department to have more carrots and sticks, more leverage to be able to force the African government to relent and cancel that is they need more, either more appropriations in allocations to be able to bribe them with, or they need more sticks to be able to punish them with, you know, leverage from, from the, from, you know, something harm that's being done that they can offer to make the pain stop.


And so, so this is what the special forces document Envisages envisages, which is that the role of the special forces in that, in that scenario in the name of, of Great Power Competition and the special forces role in countering, you know, peer competitor from, from China. And, And they also argued there's a national security basis. 'cause this would give China, it was a West African hypothetical country, so would give China access to the Atlantic. But what, what they, what they did in this scenario, And they war game this all out, is how they would effectively induce race riots to get the African workers to, to, to go all go on strike and boycott and take to the streets and protest against the Chinese business interests. This would also devastate the, the, the country economically.


It would, it would effectively bring the, you know, it, it would also humiliate the, the Chinese business interest in the area. And so it would create this international scandal. It would scandalize the poor construction and the destabilized economic state would allow this, this US ambassador to walk back in and say, Hey, you know, you know, the, all this pain can stop, just cancel the, the poor construction actic. But what's really interesting is in the special forces perspectives, can you imagine writing that? Like, let's, let's then say race riots. And they, well they, their quote was inflamed racial tensions or inflamed tensions. Can you imagine? Yeah. And so what they did is, I think it was inflamed tensions, but they explicitly say, you know, it's Africans versus the Chinese there. And, and what they did is the, the, the role of USAID in this special operations scenario, literally printed, you know, by the US government, was that USAID would, would swoop into the scene and provide job fairs.


US taxpayers would, they would do job fairs in the exact region where the, you know, rioters and protesters were striking in order because they wouldn't, the, the special forces concern was that the people they needed in the streets in this, you know, protest to destabilize the country, would not want to, would not were too poor to leave their jobs. They would not want to go on strike in these Chinese owned factories and businesses. So they needed a replacement source of income. And that was where USAID came into the operation. USAID would do job fairs, and so the African protestors would be subsidized to do that protest, street protest destabilization activity and don't need to worry about whether or not, you know, it's going to cost them their jobs because they're now on the payroll of usaid.


And, but that was a special forces operation. And, and you, you see this, you see this with, with everything USAID does, but you know, to, to, to come back to this, you know, thing on, you know, we were talking about I guess BLM and some of this domestic, you know, foreign thing is, sorry if I, if you want to drill down there and ask me a question, but what I'm saying is USAID plays this mil, this military role as well with the, with, with support assistance. I, But I mean, treating US citizens like you would treat foreign enemies or adversaries is something I never imagined would happen. But it, it is happening.


Well because once they, when they defined populism as a threat to democracy because it undermines public faith and confidence in Democrat institutions. They were able to effectively categorize as sitting president of the United States as an attack on democracy. And good thing we're democracy promotion programs, because that we are the white blood cells in of the immune system to stop, you know, the virus of threats to democracy. So once, Of course, demo, you know, populism is democracy, right? A demand for majority rule, but Right. Yeah. Okay. No, of course. But they say, you know, we need democrat institutions to provide the bumper cards to stop demagoguery. Can I just ask you something like, so the Nina Janowitz famously was, you know, played a censor, domestic censorship role, an absurd, absolutely absurd figure, like pulled from TikTok, but human, she gets fired because people are like, who is this woman?


And she winds up at U-S-A-I-D, Well, she winds, she winds up at the, the Center for Information Resilience, which is a, which a is a London based. It's, you know, basically a British statecraft, Oregon. She had to file a foreign registration. She became a, a registered agent of the United Kingdom for, you know, for her work. But they're Recipients of U USAID A D money, aren't they? Yes, yes, they were, yes. Recipients of USAID money, although I believe she, I think she wrote that she left there several mo months ago, sometime in 2024. But the fact is, is it's still that same network. But A lot of these people, I mean, I just, you know, being a kid in DC and you'd meet people who had served in the foreign policy apparatus and, you know, they, whatever they were doing, killing Eck or whatever, but they were pretty smart.


I thought. I always thought, I mean, they were, it seems like the current generation is a lot of Nina Janowitz is like just sort of low iq. Well, you know, People like, do you know, I mean, what, what's the caliber of the people administering these programs? Well, I, I actually think there's, there's, there's layers of sophistication to, to Nina and, Oh, is that true? Yeah, I, I do, I do think so. And, and I don't have any personal acts around. She, I mean, she's written a lot of not flattering things about me, and, you know, and I've pointed out the, what I consider to be massive, you know, conflicts of interest when, you know, the, the, the entire field of professional internet censorship, that is, you, you get paid, you pay your mortgage with paychecks that come from your job censoring the internet.


I mean, I funda, I, I fundamentally do not believe that that Nina's field, that, you know, this, this, you know, know disinformation of, of, you know, censoring citizens in our own country. And leave aside, you know, the sort of, you know, maybe more nuanced issue about whether there's a role of countering foreign propaganda and how robust that is. The fact is, is, you know, what was done here was just to straight up saying that domestic misinformation iss a threat to democracy. And so the US government should be, you know, should be, have play the task of, of censoring its own, its own people through this whole society network. But, you know, you have, I mean, there's so fundamentally, I don't believe that that job should exist.


And it is, you know, part of what I consider to be my, my purpose in life, to try to bring freedom to the internet and to the extent that, that that field exists as a profession, you know, that is, those, those two things are, are in conflict. And then, you know, the, the other, you know, part of it is the conflict of interest, right? When, when You can see how these very censorship institutions that are be being, being funded by usaid, and so many of them are, it's unbelievable. I mean, USAID has a formal censorship program. I believe we've even talked about it before, but now it's now I think people are starting to, you know, appreciate the significance of it. And In fact, its website just went down a few days ago, and it's, it's under, I believe, an extraordinary mouth scandal.


But, you know, which is that these USAID takes taxpayer money and creates lobbyists for more usaid because all the people who it creates a conflict of interest between their own personal piggy banks and what the actual national interest of the country is. If, if, if your whole field is rely is, is getting funding, you know, in, in significant part from usaid, well then you, if you wanna really make it in this world, you have a moral hazard, a perverse incentive to become a, a tiny little lobbyist to explain why it is that censoring the internet is, is, is essential to us national interest and, and to sell a whole ideology and a whole, you know, completely different vision of what our country even is and what we're even fighting for.


Because the more that our public grants and contracts, the more that our procurements, the more that the USAID piggy bank funds that the bigger the pie of that field gets. And so that, of course, and so you, but you see this in everything that USAID touches, you know, from the, from the media to the social media to the universities, to the, to the unions, to the anti-corruption, you know, prosecutor work to the humanitarian work around, you know, in, in drug zones and, and in and in paramilitary zones. And, and so it's, it's, you know, I think it's what Elon would call a self licking ice cream cone.


And, you know, the, the ice cream's gone bad, but with the BLM thing, it gets, it gets very strange, you know, because a, because USAID is, is a professional rent a riot organizer. I mean, as, as I even, I mean, leave aside the countless documented cases of USAID rental riots from, you know, as, as we mentioned, the Arab Spring, which we, you know, we went over the rental riots there, USAID pumped $1.2 billion, you know, into the region. You know, during that, during that period, we have literally USAID documents explicitly doing operational planning to create smart mobs and people to take to the streets and riots, you know, it, you see it in Georgia, you saw it in Belarus, in, in, in 2020.


It's anytime there are What about Minneapolis? Well, this is where it gets interesting in the role, these foreign policy institutions and their domestic, you know, things. So there's one other, so I wanna mention one quick adjacency before we, we, we go into that, which is around USAID funding to the, to the Tide Center, which I mentioned, you know, has this Black Lives Matter adjacency. But the Tide Center is also the, the fiscal sponsor of a group called Fair and Just Prosecutions, which is the central group that manages, at least according to reports from, I believe Daily Wire and write ups in the, in, I think it was the Federalist and such, but I believe it was a daily wire investigation BA oh, based on Media Research center report.


That Fair And just Prosecutions is, is a, you know, bill themselves a sort of left wing, progressive criminal justice advocacy group, And they are Media Research Center published a long report, you know, essentially saying that they were the managing control group of Soros prosecutors. Because the, what they do is all these Soros now, they don't fund the Soros, they don't fund the election campaigns of the, at least to my knowledge, you know, of the Soros prosecutors, like the Open Society Foundation does. But what they, what they do is they, they fund the, they manage, you know, they get the prosecutors, the source prosecutors to sign pledges about what they're going to, you know, what, they're not going to, you know, to not enforce certain laws that are on the books in the region.


You know, they pressure them to prosecute certain political targets. They give them social media hashtags and talking points. They help write their press releases. They meet with them every, you know, every week. And, you know, they, they're, it's, it's, you know, prosecutors, you know, at least according to this reporting, which has some pretty damning, you know, inside documents to, you know, to, to make this case. But you basically have prosecutors being managed by this shady NGO, who is effectively, you know, puppeteering these prosecutors who are dependent on continued funding for their election campaigns and continued election funding for their future careers.


You know, you know what's, say, you know, ag Attorney General is, you know, love the joke is, you know, it's, it's short for aspiring governor because, you know, this is, you know, the, the, so it's a path you wanna cultivate these donor networks forever. But the Tide Center, which gets $27 million from USAID just on basically, you know, two grants alone for the foreign work, is the fiscal sponsor of FJB, the this group that is, you know, liaising with, you know, all these prosecutors and securing these pledges. Why, Can I just ask one, lemme just ask you a final question just to kind of, okay. So from everything you've said, and particularly your point that the grants haven't stopped, the staff has gone, they've been ized, but the, the money's still flowing and it's just gonna move to the State Department, which oversees U-S-A-A-D anyway, you, you need some way to stop the poison that they're inspiring overseas from coming in here.


Yes. Why, why couldn't you just get a variety of the Smith Act again, that said, there's like no destabilization effort. There's no society changing effort. There's really no effort that we project abroad that can be brought here. That's what needs to happen. For example, you can't share the same corporate entity. You can't, you shouldn't be able to, you know, if, if you're, I mean, imagine if Raytheon, who is paid by the US military to drop deadly lethal, you know, mu munitions clusters on foreign countries and, and either professional job is killing people, And they were getting billions of dollars from the US Pentagon, And they, they opened up a, you know, a Raytheon, you know, and Raytheon started creating a new line of business for domestic countering misinformation projects Exactly where they, where they monitor the internet for Covid skepticism or, or, right.


You know, climate change, you know, denial. You would look at that and you would say, Raytheon is getting paid by the military to kill people overseas. And I know their grants, you know, their, their, their contracts with the Pentagon are not for that work. Exactly. But they have more muscle and money to play with are being pumped up by steroids administered overseas. Exactly. But you saw that with the Bangladesh case too, by the way. You know, the, when, when the, the person who is now the Minister of Foreign Affairs in Bangladesh after the coup, by the way, the, the new, the new head of state, there is a Clinton Global Initiative fellow, but the, the, the foreign, the, the foreign minister was brought in by USAID for, for formal training on countering misinformation.


And you know who, who led that? It was a, a another, you know, state department USAID contractor, a, a group called PolitiFact. It was the executive director of PolitiFact who does, you know, who writes hip pieces on you and me that we're conspiracy theorists for talking about January 6th or when, And they are acting as an instrument of statecraft to, you know, to get money from our paychecks to do international work, to, to, to train foreign journalists and foreign ministers how to censor or, or stop, you know, the spread of information the State Department doesn't like. That's right now, they, now their margins are padded by that.


Well, and that's the point, right? Is that the things that we do abroad affect us here. We're paying the Ukrainian government and they're assassinating people, like literally assassinating people trying to assassinate American citizens, In fact, selling weapons to the drug cartels in Mexico. Fact. And you end up like wrecking your own country with the things that you do abroad. Right? Well, I'll tell you what, what we did in the financing space, and I remember being a corporate lawyer and watching that evolve in, in play out, you know, we, we had things like, you know, these anti, we had anti-terrorist financing, you know, OFAC style laws that prevented laundering. You know, th and even if you could technically do it, you didn't wanna risk it because there were criminal penalties for doing it.


Right. And there were financial penalties, right? And so in something like this, imagine if the grantees had to pay treble damages in, in the amount of their grant. If, if they tripped one of those foreign domestic firewalls, if, if they had to, if their grant was for $30 million And they have to pay, they're, they're liable for up to $90 million. If, if a, if a, a a US court finds that they violated the USAID Smith month Act. I mean, this, this is something that Congress could put in, you know, put in today. I mean, you could, you could add criminal penalties, but you need, right now, there's no penalty whatsoever. The only penalty is that it is that people might find out, and it might cause a political scandal, and it might make the USA grant IT coordinator less likely to give you the next grant in the future.


Where's the clawback? Where's the, where's the, the, the restitution damages? You, you know, people shouldn't maybe even be able to sue the, the US government body administering the grant for, for failing to do oversight of the NGO receiving that money. You might create a cause, a private cause of action against the State Department or whatever, new form usaid. Cause that can be done legislatively in the message that, I mean, first of all, that would, that would go a huge distance to being able to deal with this problem. 'cause you're gonna have this problem whether USAID exists as an outside, as an independent agency, or whether the State department just inherits a USAID herpes infection and just lives with it inside the agency.


Mike, Ben, You can go on forever. It was your reporting, your dogged, single-minded, almost monomaniacal, I will say effort to, to bring, you know, to to public view this web that I think started all of this so Well, and, and you, You as well, it's an indication, by the way, I know you have mixed feelings about it, and you're worried about the whole edifice collapsing, which is a fair concern. But I do think, you know, anyone who called you in a nutcase has to apologize at this point. Th Thank you for saying that. And it wouldn't have been possible without you as well. I do just wanna clarify, I, I, I, it's, I don't believe that I have mixed feelings. I act, I a hundred percent endorse directionally and technically everything that I've seen so far.


But I, I appreciate the weight of the moment and that you are dealing with something much more delicate Yes. Than simply, you know, Stopping the trainee dance contests, HUD turns up a couple billion dollars worth of waste, fraud and abuse in the city of Chicago. And it's a, it's a local issue and it's a, it's a big scandal. We're, we're, I, I feel an obligation to, to help midwife this. And, and, but I, I totally support it. And I just, to me, the, the, it's mo it's reflection rather than, rather than hesitation. Well, It sounds like you're on the side of US interests abroad, which exists. We do have interests and we should protect them jealously, I would say, But America first.


Amen. Yeah. Mike Pence, Thank you very much. Thank You Tuck.