
The, The NBA playoffs are here, and I'm getting my best in on FanDuel. Talk to me. Chuck. GPT. What do you know? All sorts of interesting stuff. Even Charles Barkley's Greatest fear. Hey, nobody needs to know that. New customers bet $5 to get 200 in bonus bets if you win FanDuel. America's S number one, Sportsbook two, one plus Impress in Virginia must be first online real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non-controllable. Bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt Restrictions apply. See full terms at FanDuel dot com slash sportsbook Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


The US Institute of Peace was, think of it like the National Endowment for Democracy is George Orwell in charge of naming these groups, national Endowment for Democracy, subverts Democracy. You know, all these peace groups are like aggressively anti peace. You can check out these protests online. They're hilarious. It's, it's people protesting in the streets so that they are not allowed to know foreign funding of their own societies. Put the blindfolds on me. I'm not allowed to know whether that is funded by a foreign government. How much is funding the CIA was running a initiative to control the education space during the Cold War to stop the spread of communist sympathizing teachings and curricula. All this was repurposed against right-wing populism.


When Trump won in 2016, I noticed, according to George Soros, the Open Society Foundation was to provide a, basically a tax loophole for his kids. It became such a powerful force in Washington that we had to synchronize US foreign policy with the foreign policy set out by the Open Society Foundation. NGOs, you hear the term all the time, and in fact, the, the deeper you look into almost any news story, especially one that pertains to destruction of Western civilization in the United States, you find something called an NGO.


At the bottom of the story, NGO stands for non-governmental organization. But paradoxically, NGOs feel like a parallel government to me. You've done a lot of research on this. I don't think this topic's talked about enough, so I'm just gonna stand back and let you explain what an NGO is, where they came from and what role they occupy in the modern West. Yeah. NGOs are the stem cell of the government's central nervous system. They are this highly flexible tool, just like a stem cell can transform into any of the 220 different cell types in the human body, and they self-renew and they can generate all these new neurons that is really, you can't disentangle or really separate the government from the non-governmental organizations.


This started in its origin, really with the creation of the US income tax in 1913. And then in 1917 contributions to charitable organizations to 5 0 1 c threes. As we now know, it became, you know, tax deductible from this new income tax. And so that gave rise to this money flow into private foundations and into nonprofit organizations that would come to play a large role in the, in both world Wars, but in particular World War ii, when humanitarian relief began to be a big part of OSS and the predecessor to The CIA and military financial assistance to groups in afflicted by World War ii.


And then in particular, during the Marshall Plan, after World War ii, NGOs played a key role in being a deniable front to run money to establish contacts and to provide direction and guidance to groups that the US government did not want to be caught necessarily doing directly. And So you can trace this back, really, you have all these charities, but they were, they were fronts a lot of them, or at least in part. So it's a complicated relationship because you have government agencies and then you have outside high net worth individuals and families, dynastic American families like the, the Fords, the Rockefellers, the Carnegies, all starting these private philanthropies, all playing a role in US statecraft all having international businesses that rely on foreign markets.


And so they're highly dependent on the State Department clearing the way for them negotiating deals for them. Yes, acquiring territory, creating export markets, maintaining laws in foreign countries that maximize profitability, securing mining rights, securing trade routes. So there's this complex interplay. This is why I always call. So the story is really about, I don't really think of it as a, as a government being different than an NGO, as being different than this corporate financial overclass. When I used the term the blob, which is not my term, you know, that was a term from Obama's Deputy National Security Advisor, Ben Rhodes, to describe a force within Washington that was bigger than the White House, that the Obama White House felt like he couldn't get its foreign policy done.


Because this foreign policy establishment, this blob structure seemed to be more powerful than that. But I think of the blob as having three, three levels to it. You have the, the guts of it inside the government, which is the State Department, the Defense Department, the intelligence community, and, and U-S-A-I-D, you can think of it. Hillary Clinton would call this the, the 3D model, diplomacy, defense and development. And then the IC plays The CIA a for example, plays a supporting role in those functions. And these are all merged together as one cohesive way of advancing US foreign policy. That's why we call it. But it's really advancing the interests of generally speaking insiders or national champions like our large multinational corporations.


But bring this back. So you have this, this government structure in the center of it, and then below that you have the NGOs who are funded by the US government and who work alongside the US government and have a longer reach than the US government. The State Department can't just walk into certain conflict zones and talk to the indigenous community and get honest answers or tell them what to do without being on the record saying something that might not want attributed to them. The NGOs can go in and do that. The NGOs can serve as the back channels for diplomacy. The NGOs can provide a plausible way of providing financial assistance or money or bribes to, to various groups to run shipments and arms and to create networks of assets that, that then a assistant secretary of state can then liaise with.


So there's this, this network creation level and there's this influence level at the bottom. But above that, above that government level is what I call the donor drafter class, which is, and you know, everyone understands the concept of big donors having a big influence on politics. Not only do they largely play the key role in, in determining who's president through the funding that they provide, but they, I I say donor drafter because they draft off the policies off of the US government. They don't just donate into it. Like in a bike race, you always want to be not in first. You want to be right behind the guy in first so that the guy in first is cutting the wind for you so that you don't suffer the costs of the, the extra exertion to cut, cut the wind.


The Pentagon cuts the wind for companies, for multinational corporations. The State Department cuts the wind for multinational corporations and private equity funds. And the whole financial over class, the, The CIA A cuts the wind for corporations and financial firms, the USAID cuts the wind. And So you have these figures like George Soros, for example, and Bill Gates, who are now obviously very well renowned in the NGO world, the Open Society Foundation, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, and then also the, you know, Rockefeller Carney, Carnegie Foundation, Ford Foundation.


All of these, all of these have corporations and financial firms attached to their philanthropy. And when they, so they will receive funding from the US government, from U-S-A-I-D or their portfolio assets will, or their portfolio NGOs or companies will, but they will also donate into it. And I bring this up because oftentimes they are paid by the government, but oftentimes they're actually paying into a government project that advances some other interest. And I can go through a bunch of examples of this, but maybe I'll come back to the history real, real quick. Yes. So in 1948, this was the start of the intelligence state in America.


It was NSE 10 dash two, authored by George Kennon, which gave The CIA a its plausible deniability doctrine that allowed you to, that allowed The CIA a to have a license lie. The CI came into creation. I'll just take a quick look here. The CIA was created because the State Department wanted dirty deeds done without being attributed to the State Department. So they needed some outside agency, which could do what, what George Kenon called two months before he authored the Plausible Deniability doctrine in NSC 10 dash two.


He called this the inauguration of organized political warfare. This is a very little known memo that was not de classified, I believe in until 2005. It was written in 1948. Everyone knows George Kennon as the head of the, the policy planning staff at the State Department as the author of the Containment Strategy. Yeah. Against Russia and the Cold War, one of the most celebrated folks in US diplomacy history. But two months before granting this license to do all this, to have The CIA a operate through NGOs, through civil society organizations, through f private foundations, through, you know, these AstroTurf grassroots advocacy nonprofits.


He wrote this memo called the organization, the Inauguration of Organized Political Warfare. And he argues that this is now April, 1948. We had just effectively rigged the 1948 Italian election, April 18th, 1948. We had wanted, this was the first Democrat election in Italy, which after World War ii, it ended and we had it, it pitted basically a pro us pro western democracy candidate versus a pro-Soviet autocracy candidate was how, how it was pitched. And the, the very first national Security memo, one dash one, was on the central importance of Italy to the US position at the dawn of the Cold War, and that we could not afford to lose this election.


And so the very first covert action of the Central Intelligence Agency, 'cause in 19, under the 1947 act, it was largely conceived of as being an intelligence collection agency. Not so much operations. CI has two different career tracks, right? Intelligence, you know, they call it the analyst track and the operations track. And they're very different breeds of people. They're very, very different in what they do. One of them, you know, you collect the intelligence and you synthesize it for policy makers at the State Department or at the White House National Security Council. A lot of reading A lot of foreign websites. Yes. A lot of academics. Yeah. And the operations is where you get, you know, the Barry Seal, cocaine cowboy types and you know, these, you know, the, the kind of wild folks who go in and do the dirty work to overthrow democratically elected governments or to do the crime.


So when People talk about the ci, they're talking about the director of operations. Really? Yeah. That's what peop that's what people in the popular imagination, that's what a CI officer is True. Although John Brennan was an analyst track his whole career. And, you know, I don't know that that makes a more charitable case than the operations side. But, but the fact is, is Kenon writes this memo in 19 48, 12 days after the US had rigged the Italian election in 1948. And that's what it was. The Miles Copeland, who was one of the leaders of that from the CIA side, wrote in a biography later in his life that without CI intervention in that election, we would've lost 60 to 40, I believe.


I believe his son went on to play the drums and the police Stuart Copeland. Well, and, and, and Miles Copeland, the, the, I think I may be getting that wrong. I, well, The, well, the grandson actually went on to be, I think the manager for Sting, R-E-R-E-M, a bunch of these major bands and then teamed up with Donald Rumsfeld in order to help do music diplomacy in Iraq and Afghanistan, which is a whole other, you know, it's fa, family of Secrets.


You probably heard about eight sleep. Lots of people are talking about it. It is a company with one mission improving your sleep. And it's changing the way people do that, the way they get a good night's rest. We just got word that their team is launching a new product. It's called the Pod five. It's an original and innovative mattress cover, plus a blanket that uses precision temperature control to regulate your body's sleep cycles and give you the perfect sleep, which really, really matters. It can range all the way from 55 degrees to 110 degrees, meaning that you're covered no matter what, it's like electric blanket to the next level, but also a cooling blanket. So it makes you sleep better. Temperature has a massive effect on the way you sleep, by the way. It also detects snoring and then it adjusts your bed position to reduce or completely stop it. So there are a lot of ladies in America who are gonna be grateful for this product. Everybody who works here will tell you 'cause they all use it, that there's no better way to be alert, productive, and happy than by sleeping well. And eight sleep really does help. Visit eight sleep.com/ Tucker. Use the code Tucker to get 350 bucks off your Pod five Ultra. If you don't like it, you return it within a month, that won't happen. We think you'll love it, but you can, if you want. Eight sleep.com/ Tucker,


Did you know you could invest in crypto through your retirement account? That's right. I iTrustCapital allows Americans to invest in over 60 of the most popular cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin in a tax advantaged ira. Take control of your future, get started at i iTrustCapital dot com slash Tucker and use the promo code Tucker to get a $100 funding bonus. That's I iTrustCapital dot com slash Tucker. Paid add for informational purposes only. Taxes may apply. Crypto is speculative and carries risk of loss. I iTrustCapital does not provide legal investment or tax advice.


Feel like you're stuck in career limbo, clock in, clock out, repeat. No growth, no new opportunities. It's time to break out and break into tech. With CBT nuggets, you can start building the IT skills that companies are hiring for Right now. We make training fast, simple, and practical. From networking to cybersecurity. You'll get short, easy to watch videos and hands-on virtual apps. So you can build real world skills without expensive gear. Complicated setups for just $59 a month, you get unlimited access to our full training library. That includes certifications, skill-based learning and practice exams. A $100 value included, free learn anytime, anywhere and get job ready on your terms. Thousands have used CBT nuggets to launch new careers and you can too. Right now, CBT Nuggets is offering a free trial. Easily find the training you need and test it out with no commitment. Start your seven day free trial now@cbtnuggets.com. Don't wait. A better job is it's a few clicks away.


What happens is, is in nine, in the 1948 election, The CIA a which does not, did not really have the authorization to do what it did. It was a last minute, last ditch Hail Mary effort to swing the election. And they took the assets that they had had from World War II backing, you know, at that time, the, the OSS, the, the, the War department before it, in 1948, it changed to the defense Department. The war department had worked closely with the, with the Vatican, with the church as well as with mafia organizations organized crime organiza org, organized crime factions in Italy that were being prosecuted by Mussolini.


And we were teamed up with them. They gave us access to ports, to, to infrastructure, to safe houses. They were a big network, pro-US network node during the, during World War ii. And because of their influence on unions, they allowed us to run arms, you know, run trans shipments of supplies, food assistance, all of that, which is one of the reasons that the Italian mafia was protected for 60 years was a very much a Cold War asset for the us. But so The CIA, a a achi achieves the successful result in April, 1948.


And they do so by using NGOs. They use charity fronts. They use philanthropic foundations to, to funnel money and, and assistance in. They work through the unions and the trade labor associations, which are civil society organizations that, that you can consider in the NGO fold. They work through all of these charities, foundations, nonprofits, the NGO sphere, in order to run, in order to run this election rigging in 1948. So 12 days later, George Kennon writes a memo from the US State Department called the inauguration, organized political warfare. And everyone can look this up online. And he lays out how this is the model blueprint for the American power in the 20th century.


And that we need to overcome the basic distinction between peace and war that Americans have long believed there was because the average American does not understand the intricacies of international relations. And if we don't, if we don't seize this initiative to build an organized political warfare apparatus through this State department intelligence function, then we will lose the American century. We'll, we'll lose the 20th century to the Bolsheviks or to the British who each have their own Department of Dirty tricks. And so it goes on to say that this is a State Department function. Ideally it would be within a State Department Bureau of Political warfare.


So I think what the, the director of political warfare is what they wanted to call this until they decided, and in the memo he says that, but they are problems with this, which is that because the State Department has provides a public audit of its funds, we would not be able to conceal these funds in the State Department budget. So it might be ideal to have an outside intelligence agency to, to take on this function. And that's why two months later, The CIA was given the plausible deniability doctrine and given, delegated these powers by that very author George Kennan. But at the back of this memo are, are fascinating exhibits of contemplated ways to structure recommendations and proposals for structuring this CIA intelligence work through NGOs.


And it includes creating, for example, voluntary councils of an outside organization that would nominally look to the public like it was a grassroots organization that is helmed by fine upstanding members of the American establishment or people in, in great repute. He actually uses the line members of the American business community of the caliber of Alan Dulles. Of course Alan Dulles was the CIA chief, but they they would A true criminal. Right. And, you know, and the time his brother was running the State Department. But, and, and it goes on to say that it would look to the world like it's an NGO, but it would be, it would receive funding from The CIA.


A it would receive guidance from The CIA A and it would constantly coordinate. And it was at that very year that the, that the term NGO really, that became a codified term when, when the term non-governmental organization was entered into the charter of the UN Declaration on Human Rights in 1948, where the economic and social council was directed to coordinate everything it did with with NGOs. And that's, that's really what the sort of etymology of that term in terms of its explosion is when the un codified that term.


And that's what essentially set off this NGO arms race, this proliferation of cells within American state statecraft, the American business community within the American intelligence community, the national security community, to each create their own cellular circuitry in order to advance their interests. And I can get sort of deeper into that story. It it, if you'd like, I can just take it from history there to there to present. But I'd feel remiss if I didn't also note that there's a government and there's a business side of it. And the thing that I think a lot of people are missing in this story, in the attempt to take on the rogue elements of the angioplex is that last time we talked, i I, it was right after U-S-A-I-D had correct, announced its closure.


And I, I took what a lot of people I think thought was a somber tone on that, that I was celebrating it shut down. But I was braced for impact about the ramifications of, of this and how it might play out. And I think I used the term that, you know, this is necessary to do this open heart surgery. We also have to ensure that the patient doesn't die on the operating table. Just because it's the right diagnosis doesn't mean, you know, you can set it and forget it. If you don't midwife the process diligently, you could kill the entire American empire. And I, I I bring up that point here because it's not just American intelligence, an American statecraft and, you know, the State Department, the DOD, the CIA, it's also virtually every single major international corporation that we consider to be American that is wrapped up in this NGO plex.


And if you, and, and, And I can go through examples of, of how that manifests, but I, I can't think of a single industry on that's domiciled in America that people think of as, as great American companies that is not deeply connected to the angioplex and in some respects dependent on the angioplex to secure their markets, to secure their, you know, their profitability, to secure their revenues, to, to secure their interests. And while we are taking on the NGO plex, there's also this con and now they're gonna make their voices heard through lobbying through pressuring Congress.


And this is what we're seeing, the Congress is now looking like they're not gonna codify these doge cuts. We saw 26, I think Republican members of Congress who are saying they're not going to approve the Doge cuts around U-S-A-I-D. But a lot of this is, I think to, to find the solution that is politically possible. You have to understand, I guess, how the whole ecosystem works in order to provide, offer solutions that might have political viability. If that, if, if that makes sense. Of course, of course it does. So non-governmental is actually a sort of misleading description because they're para government Yes.


It sounds like. Yes. You know, they're not, I mean, we're led to believe they're like, you know, doctors without Borders or whatever, you know, that, which I'm not against for the record, but like whatever the famous NGO is going into South Sudan to save people, they're acting totally independent. They're non-governmental. But that, as you just described, so capably that that's a lie. Well, this sort of gets down to the, the stem cell concept and what type of NGO cell type you're talking about. I'll give you a couple examples. So there are these intergovernmental ones, like take for example, the Open Society Foundation started in 1979, according to George Soros, it was to provide a, basically a tax loophole for his kids.


That was the idea that he said. And then it quickly became wrapped up with the US State Department operating in all of the major Cold War hubs, especially in Eastern Europe. And fomenting the turnover of those governments so that they would break away from the Soviet Union and join, join the US and Hungary, Romania, Poland, you know, the, the whole, the whole litany. And meanwhile he was running the, the, you know, the Quantum fund and his George Soros management fund that was speculating on the foreign currencies of all these governments. So while he's working with the State Department and the Central Intelligence Agency in every US embassy in every country in Eastern Europe, and using this foundation, this, this network to influence the course of those events so that their governments would flip, he's using his hedge fund to speculate way before anyone knows that this is, this movement is even being cultivated by the State Department and by his own nonprofits.


He's speculating on the, the direction of those currencies. So he's got insider trading knowledge of everything that's going to happen in these countries while he is betting on it, sort of like the Nancy Pelosi stock, you know, tracker type type of thing. But by, by the 1990s, the Open Society Foundation had become such a powerful force in Washington that Bill Clinton's Deputy Secretary of State, I think it was Strobe Talbot, who said, we think of the Open Society Foundation as being a independent but allied partner country like the UK or France or Germany.


And so we work closely with the Open Society Foundation, we consider them an ally, but we have to synchronize US foreign policy with the foreign policy set out by the Open Society Foundation. This is a quote, everyone can look this up. It's, it's on my timeline on X, but, so this is in the 1990s, this is 30 years ago. At this point, US Foreign Policy is being synchronized with the George Soros policy recommendations. And a lot of this is because it's not just that George Soros is the largest donor to the Democrat party. And you know, bill Clinton was obviously the Democrat President George Soros, you know, provided two and a half times more than any other single individual to the Democrats in the last election cycle.


But it's that in, in this, just this last election. Yeah. For, for Joe Biden, a hundred million dollars, I think the second largest was 40. That's crazy. Yeah. And although that may be the 2020 election actually that I'm referring to the, with those numbers. 'cause I think those were the numbers in 2024 pre-election. So that may have been the 2020 election cycle, but I'm sure it's comparable for 2024. Right. But so the other part of it though is that the Soros Foundation, so it drafts off of those policies, And I can give you some crazy examples of this in Mongolia is a, is a, is a particularly perfect example of this, but we'll come back to that in a sec.


So it's not just that Soros donates to the political candidates who's running for president, who's running for Attorney General or who's running for district attorney. It's that the Soros Foundation is also a co-investor and a co-sponsor in government initiatives and government projects at U-S-A-I-D you will frequently find, almost constantly find that the, the Open Society Foundation is a donor into U-S-A-I-D initiatives, a donor into state department initiatives. And this is what you frequently see when a government agency cannot get sufficient funds allocated from Congress.


They need to reach into the NGO sphere or into the private sector with multinational companies to effectively co-sponsor and provide the top up capital to get the amount of money they need to run this operation. That's legal. Not only is it, is it, Can I just fund a war if I want, can I just like send a check to the Pentagon to buy more bo I mean I can, we can have privately funded government. Yeah. We've had it since the banana wars. We've, you know, we've, we've had, we've had this relationship for, In Honduras. Yeah, Honduras, Guatemala. This is, this has been a, a constant feature of American statecraft, you know, almost since the beginning, which is that you have a, you have a government national security interest where a government commercial national interest, but then you also have the profiteers of those, of that government action in the private sector, in the for-profit space and also at the NGO layer to the extent that they're getting funded to do this work or it satisfies the, the wants of the sponsors of the NGOs.


So, and this is what wars a racket was about. If you know the Smedley Butler 1936, you know, book about how, you know, all of the major multinational corporations were on the take for World War I, all of them were on the take for, you know, when he is talking about how he toppled governments in South America for, you know, what was it, city National Bank. Yeah. And, you know, the pet, the petroleum companies and United United Fruit. United Fruit and you know, the, the, but May I ask, I mean yes, I mean of course I knew that I read it, but I didn't understand that they, or not only the beneficiaries of these policies, but also the funders of the Policies. Yes, yes.


So, but that, the problem with that conceptually is that it puts, it's all beyond democratic control. There's no, I mean, that's like, there's No way to vote out, you know, whoever George Soros or Larry Fink or whatever, there's just kind of, right, right. Well, it's a tectonic plate. It's, it's something that shapes the fabric of what we consider democracy to be. And it's, and, And I think arming everyone in America with the, with the knowledge of that topography can shape the kinds of democratic action that you propose.


Give you an example, I mean, this was just yesterday. The nation of El Salvador announced a 30% tax on every, on all foreign funding of domestic NGOs within El Salvador. This is a shot heard round the world. There've been many attempts by countries to contain the NGO plex. Yeah. Most famously in Hungary. Hungary, Slovakia, Serbia, every time they've been confronted with street protests and attempts to pressure the parliament using civil disobedience in these same sort of state department, U-S-A-I-D Soros Foundation type rent a riots we saw, saw that in Slovakia Serbia in Hungary, when they passed their NGO transparency bill, it was blocked by the eu.


The EU intervened and said that you cannot enforce this NGO transparency law. Because What? Yes. Yes. And they threatened to cut them off of EU funding if they Hungarians aren't allowed to know where the money's coming from into their own country. Yeah, Yeah. They called it the Russian law, by the way, The Russia law. Yeah. It's bad, therefore it's Russian. Well, the Idea was Russia had banned U-S-A-I-D had banned the National Endowment for Democracy. A few, I think in 2015, around then. This was after the Pussy Riot incident. Yeah. You know, this is sort of a little bit pre Navalny. When they, when the regime change was sort of from the right wing national side, we attempted to sort of left wing, you know, left wing Antifa type coup in Russia through, you know, the, the whole Pussy riot and associated, Well that wasn't like an or an organic artistic expression.


Is that what you're Saying? I mean, you can look up online the lead singers pictures with Tony Blinken and standing at the State Department podium and all the National Endowment for Democracy literature on it and the, the usaid everything. Just look up U-S-A-I-D That that wasn't just like an especially empowering form of feminism. It was tactical. It was tactical feminism. And, and it always is with, It always is. People. That's right.


Boy, you've heard a lot of complaining in the last couple of weeks since Donald Trump announced his new import tariffs on foreign made things. A lot of people don't like it. But the companies who make American products in America with American materials, they're pretty happy because they're not affected by this. They've been doing the right thing since the beginning. They're not paying tariffs because again, they're making American products for Americans. Liberty Safe is a perfect example. Liberty Safe is not making its stuff in some foreign country. It's not made in China or Vietnam or India. It's made right here with American Steel. They employ skilled American craftsmen who do an amazing job. That's why they make the best safes there are. They have the highest standard of quality and security. So you don't have to worry that when you lock up things that you really care about, they're gonna get stolen. They're not, these are safes you can trust. I keep my father's shotguns in a liberty safe at my house. When you buy liberty, you support American jobs. You protect what matters most. Choose American Steel, American craftsmanship, choose Liberty. Visit liberty safe.com for more.


The people in charge want you to be weak. It's obvious, fat, weak, passive. Take your pills. Why do they want this? 'cause it'll be easier to control. No thanks. So our friends at Beam, which is a proud American company, understand that America can only be strong if it's people are strong and they're working to make this a stronger country. They've got a new creatine product, creatines and amino acid produced by your body naturally. And it helps people stay mentally sharp and physically fit. So people like to mock creatine the people in charge, the people who want you to be weak. But it actually works. You know that 'cause a lot of people use it. And beam's, creatine can help improve your strength, your brain health, your longevity, while remaining completely free of sugar. And none of this synthetic garbage that infests so much of what we eat, again, they don't talk about this much. A population that is strong, clear-minded, physically capable, is a threat. But that doesn't mean you can't be all of those things. You should be. So to celebrate Real American Strength Beam is offering up to 30% off their bestselling creatine for the next 48 hours, 30% off for the next 48 hours. Go to shop beam.com/ Tucker, use the code Tucker, we would ask you at checkout. That's BEA m.com/ Tucker. Use the code Tucker for up to 30% off beam is built on the core values of integrity results no bs. We strongly recommend it.


But what happened was, is after all this stuff, they, Russia passed this, you know, basically banned, you know, foreign NGOs or, or at least banned a, a, a huge subset and required all these tran you know, this transparency around it. And they banned U-S-A-I-D and and NAD. And so when Hungary and Slovakia and Serbia and all these eastern European countries who were in the post-Soviet orbit tried to pass transparency laws so that they could get a sense of how much of their own civil society, cellular body was actually foreign assets of a foreign government.


This was called these, these were referred to as, as, as Russian laws. The Russian law. Because Russia had done this. But think about this. This is so insane. I don't, But but think about that framing. I, and you see, and, and you can check, check out these protests online. They're hilarious. It's, it's people protesting in the streets so that they are not allowed to know foreign funding of their own societies. I demand, I will, I I am not allowed to know, put the blind folders on me. I'm not allowed to know that. Whether the newspapers I read, whether the union I'm a part of, whether the lawyers association I'm a part of, whether the the private company that pay that pays my paycheck, whether the public health sector, my hospitals, whether that is funded by a foreign government and how much, how much is funding.


And you know, the Russians are not complaining about that. 'cause the money is not coming largely from, if, if the money was largely coming from the Russians, the EU and the US State Department would be demanding this. We have this in the United States. It's called a foreign registration. The Foreign Agents Registration Act. We consider that to be a criminal violation where you can spend five years in jail if you, if you don't file a far registration. But if Hungary or Serbia or Slovakia tries to pass a, a foreign Agent registrations Act law, there, we call that an attack on democracy. Why? Because it reveals, it takes the mask off of the angioplex and, and ref and reflects and shows to the people what it really is.


It is the long arm of US intelligence. It's the long arm of us statecraft and is the long arm of that corporate financial donor drafter class with all of their own secular private Interests. Well, if I could just interject and say, you know, what I find so infuriating is that none of this helps the America that I live in or want to live in. I mean, a lot of the agendas being pushed are not just like, you know, we want to grow our bananas in your banana favorable climate, or we want cheaper coffee or, you know, we want your oil fields. It's like pushing stuff that is just terrible. Like awful. Like you're blowing up families attacking Christianity.


It's like, why does it have to be that too? Why that agenda? This is what, where it gets really complicated. The idea behind this positive synergy between the corporate sponsored NGOs and the government sponsored NGOs and them all working together as a common blob was that if the, if we secure American business in a country, American contracts, American rights to minerals or American rights to minds, we're boxing out the Russians and the Chinese. I get it. That's not a crazy goal.


It's Not a crazy goal. It's, it's, and that however, gives a license to some of the dirtiest stuff. And, and this total profiteering, especially because the multinational corporations have no for, we're still living in Milton Friedman land. And this is something Milton Friedman was a huge influence on me as a kid. Huge, huge, huge. I watched yeah, me Too. All 10 hours of, of free to choose. I think he's an incredibly, I think he's a high integrity guy and he means what he says. But I think he fooled a lot of conservatives with this concept of maximizing total shareholder value, which is now codified effectively, you know, into, into our corporate law that you have a, It's the, it's the Law.


It's the law. You have a statutory, you have a duty Oh yeah. To maximize total shareholder value. That does not mean value for Americans when you markets are abroad and your labor is abroad and your factories are abroad, but you are getting billions of dollars from the US government to advance your own private interests. And you are toppling many solid parts of the world order to do so. You're overthrowing governments, you're bribing media, you're, you know, controlling organized crime groups and conflict zones and all narco trafficking.


The, all of the dirty work that goes into making the sausage in a lot of these countries. It's not trickling down, you know, per Ronald Reagan to the people that live there. These companies all got extremely rich while the heartland turned into the rust belt. That's right. And you know, it's so, so to me it's, it's no surprise when you see that John Bolton on Piers Morgan held up his USAID hand grenade when he was the head of USAID policy and budget under Ronald Reagan. He showed this a few months ago on, on p Morgan that his parting gift from U-S-A-I-D, after he left running the policy and budget there, John Bolton, humanitarian assistance guy was a, was A-U-S-A-I-D hand grenade.


That's, that was the parting gift. They gave him a golden hand grenade with, with his name in engraved in it. But that, that is, And and what did that imply? Well, that he was trying to blow up U-S-A-I-D or that he was, that they're in fact using Force. Well, I think the, the idea was that, you know, they are hard charging about it, I think. But you know, what it represents to me is this development defense. You know, they call it the three ds, the develop diplomacy defense development. The idea that U-S-A-I-D is absolutely critical to US military operations. It's absolutely critical to US diplomatic operations. It's absolutely critical to US intelligence operations, which supports the diplomacy and defense.


And, and So, you know, while you're masquerading is this humanitarian NGO sponsor, you're the embodiment of the hand grenade. And, and, and that to me, you know, that's a, that's a reaganite philosophy that we're fighting the ghost of this idea that to that you deserve a slot within this government apparatus, US government apparatus when you are not representing the interest of the United States, or at least you, there are no conditions on it. You there's, there's no bounds on it other than you need to be in the good graces of that government. For example, the US Embassy in Brasilia did nothing to stop Brazil's attack on X or Brazil's seizure of assets of Charlie.


Exactly. That's exactly right. But this goes, This goes back a really long time. I Mean, Gonzalo Lier is a US citizen was murdered by the Ukrainian government and like nobody said a word about it. The US ambassador to Ukraine didn't say a word. None of the million NGOs populated by Americans in Ukraine said a word. Like I, I don't see how they're on the side of America at all. Right, right. Well, the source example's really interesting. Can I share a few anecdotes? I think, gosh, I hope you will. So when I went into the WikiLeaks archive to, to look at all the State department cables that referenced George Soros or the Open Society Foundation or any of its associated groups, the Open Society Institution, the Open Society Forum, I was surprised when I saw the communications in the State Department.


Cables start in 1973 because the Open Society Foundation did not start until 1979. And when I looked at, at the State Department cables, they were all related to Soros Associates, which was the, the firm operated by George Soros, older brother Paul Soros, who is, you know, according to his New York Times obit obituary, you know, one of the greatest titans of the ship shipping and port and infrastructure development world. And Paul Soros is all over these state department cables in tons of countries.


Gabon, Iran. Remember this is pre 1970. This is, you know, Well pre-revolution. Yeah. Yes. Right. And so, so the State Department is, is organ is working with Soros Associates, Paul Soros, in order to secure contracts for him in order to secure favorable loan terms to foreign governments. And in order to intervene on the bidding process for port construction for lucrative port deals. I think one in Gabon was I think a, like a, I think it was like a 700 million to a billion dollar port project.


You know, huge money for Gaon a project in Gaon in nine early 1970s. And one of, one of these Cable State Department cables is really interesting. It's the US Embassy there. And they are talking about how three senior executives from Brown and Root are going to be coming to Gabon that week and are looking to have arrangements made to meet with I think the president of the country and other influential leaders in government and in civil society. And for the embassy to arrange, you know, you know, everything from their travel to their hotel to, to introducing them to all the senior leaders in the country.


And Brown and Root was working together with Soros as Soros and associates on this port project. And they were bidding against other foreign cons, you know, infrastructure development companies from, from other countries. And one of the cables basically suggests that, you know, that the embassy should relay back to Soros and, and brown and root the, the status of the bid going to them and anything favorable that can be done to, to nudge tho that contract going to Brown and Root and Soros.


Now what's interesting about this is a few things. So this is, and the example of what, what you were talking about, which is we're doing this because we wanna stop, you know, there's a big fight over Africa with the Russians and with the Chinese all throughout the Cold War. You know, the, a lot of Africa had sided with Russia and the Russian communism was seen as an, an egalitarian counterweight to a sort of racist United States. And there was a big diplomacy push there. So getting brown and root and Soros to control the infrastructure in the country and to get those contracts and to get the proceeds and remits was advancing US interests under US national security and US national interests, which means there's a State Department interest in doing favors for Soros and Brownen root, now brown and root, which would later become Halliburton or Brown and root is, I guess Halliburton, I guess acquired Brown Root.


Yeah. Kellogg Brown and Root. Yeah. Right. Which of course is, you know, Dick Cheney was the, I think CEO and President and Brown and root in the JFK files. It was very interesting, the ones that were declassified just a, just a few months ago by Tulsi Gabbard. They have a whole section on the CIA's, all The CIA influence nodes over, over brown and root. And it was fascinating, I believe both Brown senior and junior held covert security clearances with the Central Intelligence Agency. There's a memo in, in these new unredacted JFK files, and it was a CIA internal fact check a crisis communications.


How do we respond to this new piece in Ramparts magazine called this called Brown and Roots, CIA Dimensions, and you know, so this is the Houston Republican power CIA power base. This has been the, the big power base of the Republican Party for almost a hundred years now. This this oil. Yeah, giant oil, oil oils are Yes, exactly. So


no matter how you feel about Donald Trump, it's hard to deny that his second term has been a whirlwind. It's amazing how fast this administration is advancing its agenda, supporting illegal aliens, slashing government waste, and entirely new trade strategy known. No one has ever seen anything like it. They are not messing around. Now many people are thrilled by this fast start, but it's gonna take a lot more than this to achieve the ultimate goal. And that's why our friends at the Heritage Foundation are mobilizing supporters patriots across the country to support this administration and the broader conservative movement. And they need your help to do that. You can go to heritage.org/survey to complete their national survey on Donald Trump's second term agenda. What you tell them will help their team work with the White House to make the president's campaign promises a reality. I used to work at Heritage 35 years ago, gave me my first job. I've always been grateful for that. Heritage is not like every other think tank in dc, almost all of which are part of the problem. Heritage is fighting the problem. I can say that. Go to heritage.org/survey to help them fill out the survey heritage.org/survey.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock, LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms apply.


And so Ramparts writes this piece and it accuses this, the CI of running this vast network through the, the petroleum industry and through a web of NGOs and, and trade associations all over Houston. And, and it focuses on this brown and root network because Brown and Root also had something called the Brown found, the Brown Foundation, which was a eng you know, a corporate sponsored NGO. And in this they actually reveal that both Brown Senior and Brown Junior had covert security clearances for work with a central intelligence agency.


So while you have, you know, one of the world's premier infrastructure and development firms, which would later, you know, be going to work, you know, with Soros in Africa and then would later spawn Vice President Dick Cheney and Liz Cheney, who started off her career in U-S-A-I-D and comes from that same, you know, Halliburton Brown and root lineage. They direct ties all over The CIA. A And I guess I bring this up to say that in addition to that you had this web of, of adjacent NGOs around, around statecraft there. So for example, in that same files, again, the CI is doing an internal fact check in this, in this memo where they say Ramparts is accused all of these people of being CIA.


And it's, it's a memo, I think to the, one of the local directors saying are, are, here's, here's, we've reviewed the files, here's what's true and false about the Ramparts AR article. And in one of these they described something called the Vernon Fund, which was a private philanthropy. Well it was created by the Central Intelligence Agency to look to the public like a private foundation. And it was set up to fund the webs of teachers unions all throughout the world. They sponsored something called the World Confederation of Organizations of the teaching Profession. The CIA was running a initiative at the time to control the education space during the Cold War to stop the spread of communist teachings or, or communist sympathizing teachings and curricula, especially in Cold War conflict zones all over Europe, all over Africa, all over Latin America.


And, and so to do that, to control, to make sure that students and young people and every person in society who comes up through the education system is ideologically aligned against communism. They had to control the teacher's unions and what was being taught, what was being promoted. And I bring this up again, I hate communism, but all this was repurposed against right-wing populism When Trump won in 2016, I noticed because instead of this same blob being threatened from its communist socialist left, it was being threatened from its populist nationalist. Right. But so the CIA, so in this memo, the CIA says, yeah, they're right about the Vernon Fund. Ramparts is right.


That was ours. We set it up to look like a private philanthropy. We recruited the daughter of the Texas governor to bundle money to the World Confederation of organizations of the teaching profession in order to influence the National Education Association and create, I think it was like 140 different trade associations that they all worked through. Now the National Education Association is the, the largest of, of the, the teaching Union Associations and the World Confederation of Organizations. The teaching profession is still around today. It's called Education International. They rebranded the name, but it's the same organization. And by the way, in these CIA files, they explicitly say the president of the World Confederation of Organizations, the teaching profession is, has a CIA covert clearance to do this work.


The tre the treasurer, the executive secretary. So the thing is funded by the CIA by A NGO that was actually created by the CIA, the senior leadership of the Trade association, doing the work our, our CIA at every part of the layer. But how many people in Education International, how many teachers in that union you think know that story? How many fifth grade teachers, how many, you know, administrators at the union level? How many people in the schools know that? So when you see education international today come out in Germany, 'cause it branches in every country in Germany, education internationals come out and said a FD no one affiliated with a FD should be allowed to be a teacher in Germany.


And, and, and they petitioned the German government to not allow a FD at any of the, you can't have a job if you vote for the party. Right. But this is exactly what our CIA has been calling for because a FD has been trying to revive the Nord Stream pipeline. Exactly. And trying to restore relations with Russia. So from the national security, you know, side of this, there's a predicate to say, yeah, we're authorized to run this operation. But, but what do you do there? Now you've got the A FD, which is the most popular party in Germany Right now in polling. It's got I think 26%. They, they doubled their, their votes in the, in the recent election. But the, since then, polling shows that they're now the most popular party in Germany.


They were declared an extremist organization by their own national security state, which is effectively our national security state. We gave birth to Germany as a unified country in the 1990s. And midwifed its entire intelligence apparatus. The center of US intelligence in the Cold War was in Germany. And So you have this, this blob interest in banning a FD that the German government declares the most popular party in the country, an extremist group. If the definition of extreme is that it is a departure from what's popular.


And so by its very definition, it's, it's a contradiction. I i is what I'm of course getting at there. But that, and thank God for Marco Rubio and senator and Senator Tom Cotton to his credit was fantastic on this. He, you know, directing he I in Tulsi Gab, he, I I think directed Tulsi Gabbard at OD And I to threaten to not to discontinue intelligence sharing with German intelligence for this domestic surveillance. 'cause this extremist label allowed the German government to spy on every member of the a FD as if they were Al Al-Qaeda. And so because of us diplomatic pressure from our state department, our OD And I, our Congress, Germany has temporarily put that in the enforcement of their surveillance dimension on pause.


But what I'm getting at is this is, this is a CI, proprietary education international who's doing active work to do exactly what the bill Burns, CIA, the John Brennan CIA wants done in Germany. And of course who was the US ambassador to ger to Germany while this all played out with the Nord Stream pipeline blowing up. It was Amy Guttman, my dean at the University of Pennsylvania. You know, Amy Guttman when I, when I was there 20 years ago, she was the dean then, then she became the US Ambassador to Germany, had the State Department in Germany during the Biden administration. And meanwhile, what's the University of Pennsylvania doing?


It's housing the Penn Biden Center, which is this major foreign policy co coordinating node at the university layer. Again, universities are just super NGOs. The universities will organize the international exchanges of ideas with civil society and all these foreign countries. They will produce the white papers that get picked up by the media. They will liaise with, meet with government officials to advise on pol economic policy. Don't, you know, in the region or you know, this is the whole Jeffrey Sacks Harvard Institute of International Development And it's all tax free. That's, that's the part that, I mean, I, because you began this history of the NGO and thank you for doing it with reference to the tax code, the introduction of the income tax in 1913 and then the tax exempt statutes of 1917, right in the middle of First World War.


Not surprisingly, but like isn't the whole idea of it, my understanding of a 5 0 1 C3 Well I know 'cause I ran one. The idea is that this helps America, we're encouraging charity, but you are describing nonprofits that are arms of the Intel community or, you know, working to increase profit to American businesses that may not actually really be American. A publicly traded company's not American. It's owned by the sovereign wealth funds of nine different s. Right. You know, it's like Right, right. The whole thing is fake. So what in 2025 is the justification for continuing to subsidize these? 'cause I mean, a, a tax exemption is a, is a subsidy right.


In effect. Someone's gotta run the government, someone's gotta fund the patent office. If it's not you, it's gonna be me. So, but why should we subsidize these things? They give three reasons. National security, national interest, and securing export markets. And, and you know, the, the idea is, is what does America look like if we don't do this? We're in a competition Right now with Huawei in the, in the telecom space, in the IT infrastructure space, major State Department initiatives to try to get neutral third party governments to do away with Huawei and sign up with at and t or if not that other kind of 5G light providers.


Like, like LG and Nokia Yes. In, in Finland and South Korea to so that at least it's not China, Huawei, and there's lots of reasons given for this. But the idea is, is if you can, if you can get at and t to get those contracts, well at t is an American com company, and this will help American GDP and this will help American jobs. And, and So you like, a great example of this is what just happened in Syria. So there's been this big fight over this, this group. The well also may, Syria has we, we just lifted sanctions on Syria. Yes. Last month. Yes. Muhammad Alani, the ISIS commander turned Al-Qaeda commander turned Idlib, you know, rebel mo, moderate rebel leader, you know, who, who became, you know, the de facto head of state in Syria Now meeting with the US president Yes.


Meeting, yes. Meeting with the US president, meeting with every, every major world leader. The US just declared that we're lifting sanctions on, on Syria after Syria pledged to open up its mar to basically use US and western companies and contractors for its services, rather than Russian or Chinese ones. So for example, one of the pledges was to use at and t for its wireless and telecom services, rather than Huawei. Where are they gonna buy their pagers? It's good question. It's, it's, and yeah, it goes that saying that when, you know, the State Department lobbies to allow at and t to do your, your wireless infrastructure that, you know, that we're monitoring it.


Of course. Right. But you can see how, like, what would America look like if at and t's now there's I think, what, 25 million people or so in, in Syria. So at and t has just secured 25 million customers effectively, right. At the, at the, you know, barrel of a gun, effectively with the, they've drafted off of the US Defense Department who funded Yep. The paramilitaries in Syria. They've drafted off of U-S-A-I-D and the billions we funneled into Syria, they've drafted off of State Department diplomacy on their behalf. Yep. And you know, a a a great example of this is, lemme Just say, I mean, I, well I definitely don't think that the ISIS guy is in any real sense better than Bashar Asad, you know, the ophthalmologist.


That's just my opinion. I don't think that we should be friends with the ISIS guy or the Al-Qaeda guy after they murdered 3000 Americans. Like I don't understand that, or I do understand it, but it has nothing to do with the United States. So that bothers me. On the other hand, since we are doing that, I think it's great that at and t's getting the contract, they don't have a problem with that. And it, what you're describing is a pretty conventional process where the US State Department, white House and DOD all kind of combined forces to help American business abroad Great. In general. Great. I don't like the constellation, the mushy constellation of quote nonprofits that operate in a very shadowy way.


Like, why do we need them for this? Well, let's stick with the Siri example for a second. Okay. And go over one of the shadiest of the nonprofits, which is the US Institute of Peace, the US Institute of Peace. Now, By the way, if you fly into DC into National Airport, Reagan National Airport, which is like the closest airport to any city in America, but it's right there, right across the river. And you come in from the north, you fly directly over the US Institute of Peace. And it's a kind of clamshell. It's a beautiful building. Beautiful. It's a modern building. It's probably only pretty modern building in Washington. And you think to yourself, what the hell is that? And where'd they get the money?


What is that? Well, international Peace is a, a, a funny piece and international piece has a, has a funny history with US intelligence work in the JFK files. For example, in the recent declassification, it showed a, a group that The CIA, a infiltrated and directed called the Catholic Association of International Peace. And there are all these files that show that yes, we, we have our assets in here and they're doing this for this, the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace, not the Catholic Association for International Peace, but a second international piece, the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace was run from 2014 to 2021 by Bill Burns, the guy who would leave the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace to run the Central Intelligence Agency.


What qualifies you as running the Endowment for International Peace as your very next job. You hadn't worked in government for seven years, you were cold. What were you, he he had never worked at The CIA formally. He was in the political affairs section, which according to the JFK files, 47% of every person in the, in the political affairs section in 1961 was not actually working in the State Department political section. They were actually called confidential American sources, which is the term for CIA agents operating under diplomatic cover saying they work for the State Department. That's Still the case today. It's a joke in DC What's your dad do?


Oh, he works at the State Department. Oh, okay. Yeah. You know, people say that about me. Yeah. Oh yeah. And I don't, I don't blame him for, for thinking it be, I mean, it's, it's so pervasive. And of course, who was the head of political affairs for the Biden administration? Victoria Newland, you know. Yeah. You know, and who would then go on to, you know, be on the board of the National Down for Democracy, which is another group that was spun out in 1983 by the Reagan administration when they were trying to get the CI's old powers back. But the Democrats in Congress were blocking that because of the de the CI's work against the anti-war faction in the, the Democrat Party during the sixties and seventies. So in 1983, Reagan C creates Ned 1984, they create the US Institute of Peace.


The US Institute of Peace has had, had this crazy showdown with the US Federal government recently. And it's an unbelievable drama that's been unfolding now for several months. So the US Institute of Peace was, you know, was chartered by Congress in 1984 in order to do, it was sort of a, think of it like the National Endowment for Democracy. But, but MORE Is George Orwell in charge of naming these groups. I mean, national Endowment for Democracy, subverts Democracy, all these peace groups are like aggressively anti peace.


So one of the easiest decisions you're gonna make this week is to make your home secure with Simply Safe. The moment you arm your system, your family and everything you work for is protected and you can focus on what matters. You can leave the house without worrying that someone is going to break in and steal your stuff. Violate your sanctuary. Because the best security system in the country is watching millions of Americans use SimpliSafe and enjoy the peace of mind it creates. Now, a traditional burglar alarm only goes off when someone breaks into your house. That's not good enough. Smashed a window was already in your basement. SimpliSafe prevents burglaries before they happen. It's got AI powered cameras and live professional monitoring agents. So it leaves nothing to chance. Plans start at about a dollar per day, plus a 60 day satisfaction guarantee. Or you get your money back. Check it out at simplisafe.com/ Tucker. Go to simplisafe.com/ Tucker to get 50% off a new system with professional monitoring and your first month free. That's simplisafe.com/ Tucker. There is no safe like SimpliSafe


In honor of military appreciation month. Verizon thought of a lot of different ways we could show our appreciation. Like rolling out the red carpet, giving you your own personal marching band or throwing a bumping shindig at Verizon. We are doing all that in the form of special military offers. That's why this month only we are giving military and veteran families a $200 Verizon gift card and a phone on us with a select trade in and a new line on select unlimited plans. Think of it as our way of flying a squadron of jets overhead while launching fireworks. Now that's what we call a celebration because we are proud to serve you. Visit your local Verizon store to learn more. $200 Verizon gift card requires smartphone purchase 7 99 9 9 or more with new line on eligible plan gift card sent within eight weeks after receipt of claim phone offer requires seven ninety nine 0.99 purchase with new smartphone line on unlimited Ultimate or postpaid unlimited plus minimum plan, $80 a month with autopay plus taxes and fees for 36 months plus $800. Trade in or promo credit applied over 36 months, 0% A PR trade in must be from Apple, Google, or Samsung Trade in and additional terms apply.


Well, you know, the quote by the National Endowment for Democracy Founder, I believe in 1986, the New York Times, was that it was, it would be terrible for groups to be seen as subsidized by the Central Intelligence Agency. We saw that happen in the 1960s where it was revealed groups were were funded by The CIA and it caused embarrassment. That's why the endowment was created. It's literally a direct quote saying that the endowment was created to fund the groups. That would be, it would be embarrassing for them to, for it to be publicly revealed that they got CIA funding. And of course, it was conceived in the office of, of Reagan, CIA, you know, William Casey and Raymond Green.


There's a whole CI backstory to the, the whole NED thing. But in 1984, another layer at of ggo, you know, so the US Institute of Peace was set up to be, to be a National Endowment for Democracy, but really focused on conflict zones. And those, whereas National Endowment for Democracy operates everywhere. They'll operate in, you know, very heavily in Hungary or you know, Brazil, places where there's not real dark, you know, terrorist conflict or, or hyperactive DOD operations, for example.


So they, in those places, it's a, it's a different track of influence for the NGOs. 'cause they're working with these communities in these, they're working with the farmers where the, the coca leaves for cocaine are being grown. They're working, you know, they're, they're working. You mentioned coffee. U-S-A-I-D has spent hundreds of millions of dollars on the coffee trade sector. And U-S-A-I-D does all this joint work with Starbucks, all this joint work with Keurig. They operate in conflict zones, in the drug zones in Columbia and Peru, the Central African Republic Sudan.


And the, what they're doing here is, sorry, they're well, I, I got distracted by the coffee thought, sorry. What the US Institute of Peace is doing is they're building giant networks and serving as a back channel diplomacy. They're doing field work. So they are, you know, if you're in Foggy Bottom or Langley, Virginia, if you wanna know what's happening on the ground in Syria, you need the people in the field to report it to you. You need either the US embassy or you need the NGOs connected to the embassy to provide the field work. We wanna know what is happening economically in this region, which is the economic, you know, bread basket that's supporting the US military operations or the mercenary troops so that we can keep them funded.


We wanna keep the industry in Afghanistan going the industry in Syria in these sections. So the US Institute of Peace will do those surveys. They'll work with the local populations, they'll build giant networks. And, you know, in June, 2023, the US Institute of Peace, after the Taliban took over Afghanistan, they wrote a, a piece called Why the Taliban's Successful Opium Ban Is Bad for Afghanistan and Bad for the World. And they openly called on the Taliban. We we're not getting enough opium. Yes, Mike, it's a problem. Right? But the opium was funding the, the entire paramilitary network in Syria.


You know, everyone says, oh, ISIS traffics and drugs Al-Qaeda traffics and drugs. Well, guess what? Isis Al-Qaeda with the, with the full backing of the Biden government just successfully overthrew the Biden administration's top enemy in the region, and now have opened up all their markets to Chevron and at and t. And what I'm saying is, is they were openly this same group that is working with these Taliban networks and these Afghan special forces and is deeply, deeply involved in Syria, is openly calling. And, and this is not that they got busted paying these Taliban officials when, when Trump tried to assert control over the US ISU peace, because it's chartered by Congress.


It has 15 members of its board, three of them are mandatory. The Secretary of State, the Secretary of Defense, and the President of the National Defense University are three reserve spots. So think about this. This is the US ISU peace, but required on the board is the Secretary of War, the, the head of the, the War Institute and the Secretary of State. And then there are 12 political appointee spots. Now, the Trump administration tried to assert control over the US Institute of Peace, as it is statutorily entitled to do. And the response from the US Institute of Peace was to barricade the doors to delete, doge said a terabyte worth of financial data, which Doge says it recovered and showed payments to those very Taliban networks that they were saying keep the drugs flowing.


And so evidently, according to to the Doge team, they found weapons caches inside, like, like a full military, you know, they found weapons inside the Institute of Peace. That was what Doge reported as they said, back to Orwell now. Right, right. The peace people are stockpiling weapons. But recently, so this has gone through the courts because, you know, the whole blob resistance has been trying to stop all these shutdowns at every layer. The outside general counsel for the US Institute Peace has, he has been the u the outside general counsel for since 1986, just two years.


So he, so the guy in, in who's the head lawyer there, has been the head lawyer there since just two years after it was founded, since the, since the mid 1980s. So has been, you know, midwifing the, the legal dark, dark arts of this thing since almost the day it was born. And he's the one who, who I believe has spearheaded or been leading this, this lawsuit to stop the, the federal governments 'cause the, 'cause the Trump administration cleared the board. The nstitute peace would not even allow the Trump appointed board members or its present to even go in the building.


That's why the federal police had to the FBI had to come in and, and, but what happened was is that same lawyer also happens to represent the wireless trade association in, in, in the US and, and at and t in that whole network. So while they are working for regime change in Syria, while the US Institute of Peace is taking us taxpayer money, 55 million a year to build up this network of paramilitary groups and, you know, all these economic assistance programs and mid wifeing, the political negotiations of all and creating a, a unified cohesive block against the, the Assad government in Syria with us, US ensued peace funds.


The same lawyer who's, who's now successfully sued because Judge Bell Howe blocked the Trump administration's attempt. Now, now we're back to square one. With that he simultaneously is representing the wireless trade association where Syria just, you know, turned over. Its IT infrastructure to at t. So I mean, just think about that. You've got, you've got the US Institute of Peace organizing this regime change in Syria, including using, you know, these narco traffic drugs while calling for the narco networks to keep going. And simultaneously the, you know, the senior executives, effectively, I know he's senior out, he's outs top outside counsel, but the senior executives effectively are representing the companies that are the direct beneficiaries of this regime change action.


So it doesn't matter if it's good for us national security or US national interest to, to top of Bahar aad because they have a fundamentally unique and singular benefit, whether it's good for us or not, which is that they get rich from it. I remember reading about the fascists and one of the, one of the criticisms that I thought really resonated was they eliminated the difference between the state and, you know, they were, they were socialists tru, truly. Yeah. And in Germany and in Italy. And there was, there was, you couldn't sort of tell where the German government ended in corrupts began. And you know what I mean? And that's bad. Yes. I thought it was bad then. I think it's bad now. And I hate to see it happen here. Well, it's funny you say that because last week at the Council on Foreign Relations, I think the panel was titled Reflections on a, on a reflections on the post-Soviet era and implications for the modern day is Council on Foreign Relations.


And one of the questions asked the panelists direct directly was there was a deep state in Russia in the 1990s, these oligarchs. Yes. And we lost control over Russia. They're basically analogizing Trump to Putin. And they're saying, we had, we had all this control, we had total control over Russia during the Boris Yeltsin period, and we had all these relationships with the Russian oligarchs. But then Putin had a natural advantage as being the head of state was somehow able to take over the Russian deep state. And then we lost control over Russia. So This is, this is right, this is like the heart of it that nobody ever says it's Putin's decision to decapitate the oligarchy.


That's the reason they hate him. Well, What they say is that he also co co-opted it and got the oligarchy working for him rather than for course Outside, of course. And in the meantime, the Russian economy recovered and life expectancy went up and alcoholism went down and like it became a beautiful country. The oligarchy wasn't serving Russia. That's kind of the point. And well, the, and the punchline to this is at the end of setting this question up, the guy, the, the Gaia Council of Foreign Relations asks, so with those lessons, given that that's what happened with Putin, how can we preserve the deep state against Trump to save so that the deep state can save us? This is a direct quote, this is sick and this is sick.


But again, look at like, you know, two bays and the Russian oligarchs that were working directly with the, with U-S-A-I-D and the Harvard Institute for International Development. And it's the same thing with, with Brown and root. We, that story of brown and root and Soros in, in Gabon in the 1970s. It was the same thing in Russia. There where, where we justified, because it was in US national security and, and national interests to make Russia a democracy and to privatize all their state owned assets. U-S-A-I-D paid a half a billion dollars to the Harvard Institute for International Development. Again, another one of these universities that's delegated by the US government to go deeper into Russian society than the US government was wanted to be seen doing.


Very clever name right. US Agency for International Development pays the Harvard Ins Institute for International Development. It's just a Harvard spawn of U-S-A-I-D in order to work with Cubas and all these, you know, Russian oligarchs so that the Russian oligarchs got rich selling at discount bargain, basement prices, all these Russian state held assets Exactly in non-competitive bids where only two outside bidders were allowed to participate. The Harvard Management Fund for the Harvard Endowment and the George Soros Quantum Fund. So it's Just looting, it's looting. And by the way, it, it really, the country, I mean, look at the numbers like the life expectancy for men in Russia in, you know, 1996 was like 55.


I mean, it was, it was awful, awful to do that to people like, what did your average Russian do wrong? You know, they lived through 70 years of communism and this is what you do to them once they're quote liberated, it's like, it's really a moral crime. Y and and part of that issue is, is as they were driving our own country on a similar path Exactly. They expressed the exact same contempt that someone would try to do something to stop it. And the other thing is, is they fully acknowledged it was a deep state before Putin. They were just mad that they lost control of the deep state. Which is why they were so, why a lot of these actions by the, the early Trump administration have terrified them around co-opting parts of the business community.


Exactly. They hate, for example, Elon Musk, they made this whole campaign to drive Elon, you know, a a away or to go after Tesla. They, the reaction to Jeff Bezos, for example, and you know, his posture around reorienting the Washington Post and sort the Bill Crystal class was apoplectic that these commercial drivers in the sort of business community, but really these are, this is the, the private for-profit sector that they would go along with Trump's foreign policy agenda with Trump's reforms maybe to be in Trump's good graces. But the fact is, is that that state, which was such a powerful asset to them, they do not want that handed off to somebody who might oppose them.


The same reason that they didn't want Matt Gaetz at the Justice Department. They weaponized that Justice department under Merrick Garland. They don't want that baton handed off to someone else. It's not that they have a problem with corruption at the Justice Department. They want a monopoly on that corruption. So you were describing the mobilization of, you know, all the various arms of the US government, but the NGO community against Russia. And I thought you made a really, really wise observation that too few, few make that Putin's original sin wasn't really lusting after Poland. That's a lie. It was kicking out the oligarchs and taking control of his own country, which a lot of people hated in the West.


So here's the part where I feel like the NGOs destabilized the United States, like the war against Russia has been waged for over 10 years now. Really? By the NGOs. Yes, completely. And, and they were, you know, as, as we discussed, they, they were authorized deputized to do that. We talked about the Harvard, the Harvard Endowment, the Harvard Institute for International Development by the Open Society Foundation, which was simultaneously doing its civil society work, funding scientists, funding universities, funding the intellectual class, funding the students, and then simultaneously sources operating a hedge fund that is buying up the assets of the Russian government.


And, and you know, it's unbelievable Of the failed Soviet state. Yes. Yes. And this relationship is, I mentioned to you just now that there's a funny story about Soros and Mongolia and the State Department in Mongolia that is like almost the, the perfect encapsulation of this. To, to see how this plays out in every country. Whether, whether it's Russia or whether it's Poland or whether it's Hungary or you name it. But Mongolia had discovered in the early two thousands, the world's largest copper mine. It's got the Uio Togo mine.


And this was by far the, the biggest mine ever discovered in Mongolia as the biggest mine in the world. Primarily Copper, some gold too. And a company called Ivanhoe went into negotiate a, a deal for the rights over that mine in tandem with Mongolian government and the, the us. So I found this in a state department cable, looking up all the Soros and Open Society Foundation things. I believe the cable is from 2007. And, and it describes how this deal is, it could yield billions of billions of dollars and would, could massively transform the entire Mongolia Mongolian economy.


It could like double their entire GDP with a single mine. And how there was an interest in making sure that this mine was acquired by Western companies rather than Chinese or, or Russian ones. And in the context of this, the State Department references the, and the open and a pivotal Open Society Foundation Mongolia memo, that had caught fire in the Mongolian press and was weighing heavily on public conversation about whether or not the Mongolian government would sign this deal with, with Ivanhoe or with, with this, with the, with the company for this.


And the Soros Foundation writes, and the State Department backs this in this cable. They basically say, yes, this is all correct, they should have done to slow. Basically the Mongolian government wanted deal terms and was about to pass something hastily in parliament to secure a deal that the Open Society Foundation said was too extractive on behalf of the Mongolian government. That basically the, the Mongolian government had problems with corruption. They also mentioned that the, the deal might have environmental impact in terms of the, the, the mine and, and its environmental impact on the ecosystem of Mongolia.


And they, they give seven reasons in this memo that, that the Mongolian parliament should not, has to be stopped from a, from doing this, this deal on these terms. So this is a can Can I just ask the mine is in Mongolia? Yeah, yeah. It's in Mongolia. And the Mongolian parliament is the Mongolian government. So George Soros, who's from Hungary, but has British and American citizenship is telling the Mongolians they shouldn't be able to do what they want with their own mind. Maybe I'll start with the punchline first to make it made more sense. I Mean, it's, so the presumption there is a bit much, The punchline is in 2009, George, so the George Soros Management Fund purchased an absolutely huge stake in that very company.


Come on. Yes, yes. It changed its name to Rio Tinto, but it was called Ivanhoe while it was negotiating this, this deal. Now the Open Society Foundation, they published an 174 page document, which went through everything they did inside of Mongolia to kill the, the, to kill the deal in 2007. And what they described is that they networked with all these Mongolian members of parliament. They used their media, NGO, their, you know, their, their nonprofit organizations, their advocacy groups, their, their, their environmental NGOs to argue that the deal should be killed on environmental grounds.


And this culminated, and so the Source Foundation takes credit for its spawning street protests that destabilize the Mongolian government and incentivized Parliament, the parliament to not, not in this deal. And again, the source foundation logic was that it was too extractive on the part of the Mongolian government. The Mongolian government was getting too good a deal From this on their own mind. In their country. Yes. In their country. And George Soros didn't own enough of It. So, so the US embassy in Mongolia is working with the Soros network. Now they're doing it on national interest, national security grounds.


They're saying, Hey, if a western company doesn't get this, China's right next door to Mongolia. They're big in the, you know, they're big in the minerals, the space. We don't want to lose this mine, the biggest copper mine in the world to a Chinese competitor. We wanna make sure our Western gets this deal. But the Open Society Foundation, which is underneath the, now it's the nonprofit side of the Soros Management fund, the, not the, the Open Society Foundation is saying, Hey, that kill this deal because the company is not getting enough money out of this. And then as soon as they kill that and get more profit secured for the, the mining company, the Soros Management Fund buys up the equity way before everybody else.


You can read about this in, in this is un that, that no matter what happened with the mine, he, he would've like doubled his profit. I think it went from 9 cents to 17 cents before a deal was even inked. Or before they even got to a, one of the development stages of it, simply because everybody else hearing the news about this rushed into it. But so had already bought up the stock because his own NGOs were on the ground, midwifing the entire process with the full force and credit of the US government driving, this Is gonna happen in Ukraine, isn't it? Oh, I'm sure it's happened. All The Ukraine rebuilt the Ukraine Rebuilding Fund from BlackRock. I mean, this is, so if I want a piece of the trillion dollars that's gonna be spent to make Ukraine a country again and to, you know, and, and a piece of its resources which are substantial, then I'm probably gonna use NGOs on my behalf.


Right? Yes. And this is where you get this curious line around Congo's government organized NGOs and ENGOs, I guess, you know, these oligarch organized NGOs and where they all sort of meet in the middle. And where they meet in the middle is, I guess what we just call politics. The, the topography of political factions in the US in the sense that every major company has, has an interest in sponsoring NGOs that regardless of whether they believe in the mission of it, they advance something that helps that the, the business side of this.


So I mentioned Brown and Root had the Brown Foundation and the, you know, the Soros Management fund has the Open Society Foundation and you know, Microsoft has the, you know, the, the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation speak. No, but the last one was, was a little bit tongue in cheek. But what, what I'm getting at here is like, take the example of this Mongolia mine. They, the Soros didn't care about the environment, mental impact of that Mongolia mine. The fact that they could AstroTurf environmental protestors to take to the streets and to create a human rights predicate as to why the international community should intervene to stop the Mongolian government from signing this deal.


Ugh. Was simply an NGO work. It was simply an, now if the US government did that, that would have to come straight from the ci. That's, it'll be a covert action if you're going to run through exactly. Front groups. But if you have an ostensibly public one, but you're not seeing the classified State department cables Exactly. Or whatever's CI underneath that, making an argument from their Asia desk, well, this is going to help US national security because that's less minerals for China. But then Soros is using that money and sponsoring. It's Unbelievable. You know, the, the, So the real fear though is that that could happen inside our borders. Yes. That this combination of, you know, government actors strict, strict government actors from the executive branch agencies and NGOs collude to like take down a president.


Yeah, That's exactly, So what they did, and so well that's correct. Right. So they staged Little Mongolia right here in the US Yes. And they're all the same groups. They're all the same groups. And a great example of this, we were talking about the US Institute of Peace, the US Institute of Peace, we, we talked about it in the context of Syria. Yeah. And How They were openly funding the Taliban and lobbying the Taliban to keep 95% of the world's opium flowing ev after the Taliban took over, You know, high heroin prices would go if they shut that down. I mean, I see their point. Right? Yeah. Good, good point. Yeah. More for the rest of it. It's Unbelievable. But they, so, so they are involved in these AstroTurf NGO rent to riots very heavily.


If you go to the publications page, The ISU pieces. Yes, yes. US isu peace. Now you have to understand they have a term for this. Get ready for it. Non-violent action. That's the term. Now, if you have to say that you're nonviolent, you're probably a little bit, you know, I'm not like nonviolently drinking this water Right now. No, no, you're not. But you have to understand where this came. So this came from this same mil military network. We talked about how the origin point for this was 1948, UN Declaration of Human Rights forbids military conquest, mil territorial accession by military force UN Declaration of Human Rights.


The UN charter that 1948 establishes the NGO framework at the international level intergovernmental 1948 is also when the, the CIA inaugurates organized political warfare through the use of NGOs. But right at this time you have, sorry, one second. I just, I had a second thought that just, just cra crapped up on this. We were talking about the US and soup piece. So right at this time, you have this move from direct military force to cont to topple governments through military coups or through military takeovers, or through getting military defectors to SA top down attempt to re induce regime change.


They created a blueprint. This is the famous Color Revolution blueprint, the people powered revolution. You have lots of, lots of names for this, which is, which is the bottom up method, which instead of getting at the military level with tanks and guns and fighter jets, you do it at the paramilitary street level. You shut down the country by getting a critical mass of its civil society organizations to not cooperate with that government. So the government can't bring any and can't bring in any revenue. They can't pay their own police officers or members of the military to quell the riots because there's no money in the government coffers because they'll be sanctioned by the international community for cracking down on the protesters.


And because the country itself is not, the hospital workers have walked out, the, the public health industry workers have, have walked out. So the schools aren't open, the hospitals aren't open, the roads are being blockaded. The only way to get rid of these people is either with hundreds of thousands of police officers in every region to drag him or to kill him, in which case you have the human rights violations. And then every person is kicked off the SWIFT system and the International Finance system and sanctions and threats of, you know, threats of a military intervention at that point. So this was pioneered by the US military, this paramilitary street technique that they call ve Nonviolent Action.


And this was done through, through Gene Sharp at the, and his cohorts. It was, it was at the Harvard CIA incidentally, the Harvard Center for International Affairs. It's a very cute, cute, cute nickname. But it was, Henry Kissinger was there, they recruited Gene Sharp. They got $50 million in Pentagon funding to develop a, the playbook that they now call from dictatorship to democracy. The idea that you can use mass NGO action to organize the unions, the trade workers, the laborers, the media organizations, the every aspect of civil society in order to encircle the government to cut it off from its own sources of power.


And then with the, with the sitting government, effectively paraplegic qua quadriplegic, basically cut off from its arms and legs. It would be ousted by a street protest that effectively surrounds the capitol and takes over, takes over the buildings. I mean, this is basically, it's a January 6th blueprint if what they said about January 6th was actually true, which of course it's not, but, you know, everyone can watch bringing down a dictator, the PBS documentary about the State Department and US Institute of Peace, their work, getting the oat poor movement in Yugoslavia to Topal Slovic that was non-violent action is what they call it.


Now, the ending scene of that documentary, you hear the whole documentary, it's, this is non-violent action, non-violent action. The climax of, of the documentary, which has, you know, soaring violins as if this is, this is an amazing, you know, amazing thing is the Parliament building, you know, the capitol building in, in Serbia being, being set on fire. Its windows smashed and a throng of hundreds of thousands of angry street protestors flooding into the building and declaring themselves the new government. This is cheered on by the State Department, U-S-A-I-D, the U Nstitute Peace, nstitute of Peace was actually on the ground training them.


And, and you know, meanwhile, the narrator, Martin Sheen is the narrator in this documentary. And he goes on to say it's, it's all about nonviolent action. It's, it's, and and he says, and the that's Oor wears all black. They have, they have tight leather, they have a, they have a clenched fist as their, as their symbol. It is all intentionally sinister, you know, and it's like intentionally sinister Molotov cocktails and police cars setting the capitol, building on fire, breaking the glass, forcing the, the democratically elected president to flee by hell avac outta the country. This is what they call nonviolent action. And just, again, nonviolent action just means mob violence action.


But to them, that is less violent than bombing Sarajevo for, do you understand? So really There's, they're saying it's like, it it's mostly peaceful. Yes. Mostly peaceful arson. Mostly peaceful. So, so I mean, you're describing Black Lives Matter. Yes. It's kind of weird. I'm listening to this. I'm like, if Black Lives Matter was not a synthetic group, if it wasn't AstroTurf, what happened to it? It disappeared as soon as its usefulness ended. Well that's, that's exactly what happened. And I can talk all about the connections of this network to that, which is, But I mean it a whole, it's the same. And I remember Darren Beatie saying at the very beginning of that, this is a color revolution, And I love and respect Darren And I'm, but I didn't quite fully appreciate how true that was.


No. It's literally the exact same network. I have all of their planning documents from starting two weeks, you know, af after the, the riots popped off. We can get into that, that whole thing with the Transition Integrity Project and the US Institute of Peace Program on Nonviolent Action. Oh, incidentally, that's A, they were involved in that too. Yes. And the, the International Center for Nonviolent Conflict was a, was a big part of these, you know, how to leverage the BLM protests to, to shut the country down in case Trump won the 2020 election on election day 2020. This is, they also work through the union groups, especially the a Ffl CIO, which is the, the top CIA conduit in the union space around the world.


Leftist in the 1960s used to call it the A-F-L-C-I-A remember the AFL CO had a secret agreement with the Chamber of Commerce about protests to shut down the country. This is published in Time Magazine by Molly Ball. But on this US c talk About, talk about the uni party when labor and management are both colluding against you, you know, S Right. But They, the Chamber of Commerce, I mean, it really is everything is the final scene in Animal Farm when the pigs and the farmers are indistinguishable from each other. It's like that's the deep truth. Yes. Yes. But both of them were threatened by Trump's farm policy. The unions get hundreds of millions of dollars from the State Department, from U-S-A-I-D. We have whole, we have multiple bureaus just for funding them.


The Department of Labor as an International Affairs Bureau, we spent $20 million funding unions in 2023 alone in Brazil. The AFL CI CIO's Union groups in just one country in one year. $20 million to the union groups there. Kind of weird. There was an election that year. Yeah. Kind of weird there. And, and it was specifically for, for labor, for, for mobilization of the unions and organ. It helped them better organize themselves. Do you remember that Lula WA was the head of the Workers Party? Yeah. Remember who broke 'em out of jail? It was the a Ffl CIO who did the a Ffl CIO name The Man of the year. I think it was in 2021 or 2022.


They named Lula the Man of the Year. And what is the a Ffl, CIO or it's not only was it, you know, directly sponsored by the Central Intelligence Agency for 30 years during the Cold War. But now they don't even need that because they have the CIA spinoff, national Endowment for Democracy, which has its own union branch called the Solidarity Center. The Solidarity Center is a formal part of A-F-L-C-I-O. It is inseparable from it. And the Solidarity Center kicks them, kicks them money. So what I'm saying is co the Chamber of Commerce was threatened by a potential abandonment of, of cutting the wind for them, of Trump doing, you know, liberal interventions, military interventions, humanitarian interventions in every country on God's green Earth.


We would just go in, replace the government. And then what would happen to at and t if they couldn't get those contracts? What would happen to Amex if we didn't have, you know, USAID's DIA app in Ukraine, or I'm sorry, I think it's visa. So that Visa gets all the credit card processing for all the transactions there. What would happen, you know, to, to Starbucks. If we abandoned the USAID coffee programs in Peru and Columbia and the Central African Republic, what would happen, you know, to the petroleum companies if we didn't, you know, militarily step up our presence to, so the Chamber of Commerce and the unions labor and management had a common enemy, common enemy, the same way Democrats and Republicans did when Trump first came on the scene.


Because anyone who wants to put America first is gonna run straight into everyone who wants to put their own interests first. America be damned and nicely, Nicely put. So let's end by, well I hope you'll end by explaining if you were to, I don't know, defang, these groups drain the swamp as we say. Who would you go after first and how would you do it to restore democracy to the country? The premise that the people rule that elections matter. That there's the change people want when they get a new leader that is democracy. There's three layers of it.


There's the executive branch layer, the legislative and the judicial on the executive branch layer. An unbelievable amount of positive accomplishments have been done through the executive branch. And I think that the, the, the Trump admin deserves credit, even as we're unsatisfied with how big this is and how many problems there have been with Congress and judges blocking things. It took a lot of political capital to do what they did. And they were aggressive at almost every layer of it with some very big asterisks and exceptions.


The, the idea of the, the firing of 14,000 people at U-S-A-I-D, the closure of the offices, the, the funding pauses was absolutely massive both symbolically and in very, very real terms. The restructuring that Marco Rubio has led at the State Department is absolutely massive. Like 135 sub-agencies are being RIFed, you know, totally killed, you know, the reduction in force totally laid off so that you don't even need the congressional approval because the, there's no job for fire people to go back to. 'cause the division doesn't exist anymore. Those include the democracy, rights and governance, democracy rights and Labor Bureau at the State Department, which is the number one coordinating web, I guess in tandem with the International Organizations Bureau.


But democracy, rights and Labor is the, like the main place at state for the NGO plex because they're all getting this funding and they're all coordinating with the State Department and getting the protection of, of the State Department. 'cause they're promoting democracy as the State Department wants them to do the rights. And it stands for the human rights because, you know, the human rights violations in foreign countries. And then labor is, you know, the unions and the, and this is where you get the rental riots and all this. And you can go online and see weeping videos from people from the Democracy Rights and Labor Bureau that they've been working there for 15, 20 years and suddenly it's gone. And this is gonna have a devastating, of course it never has a devastating impact on these things.


I mean, great example is the, the AP ran a, ran a story about, I think the initial title for it was Trump's Move to End U-S-I-A-I-D crushes cocaine programs dedicated to com combating the cocaine trade. And they, the, the article is the biggest self own you'll ever read. It's all about how, you know, we have all this money that goes to Columbia and to Peru and to Bolivia to to stop the cocaine, to stop, stop drug trafficking in the, you know, Columbia's number one, Peru is number two biggest cocoa leave, you know, cultivation on in the world.


And goes on to say we spend hundreds of millions of dollars every year to cocaine is gonna flourish. Then they, they have a statement that they include. 'cause they reached out to the president of Columbia, president of Columbia says, we're thrilled that U-S-A-I-D is gone. They, you know, they, they, they made the problem worse then they, they they go to Peru and the number two co co you know, co co, sorry, cocoli cultivator. And they said the, the Columbia, the Peruvian government refused to comment. But we talked to the former head of the National Commission on, you know, narcotics prevention, the, you know, the, the former head of the part of the Peruvian government that handles this.


And he said, you know, thank God the USAID programs are, are, are on, on combat and cocaine here are gone. They were the primary problem in this whole thing actually. The, and he gi and he, he gives an example, he says, actually not only did none of the money actually ever reach the groups, but they only slowed down action that the Peruvian government tried to do. When, when the Peruvian government tried to do something to stop cocaine, U-S-A-I-D would step in and they would delay things. They would drag things. It's almost like they wanted the cocaine. And then he gives the example of these, he says, and in BLI and in Bolivia right next door, Bolivia banned U-S-A-I-D in 2013, and they drastically reduced the, the, the cocaine trafficking.


And because there was no USAID cocaine program keeping the cocaine flowing. And so anyway, but what what I'm saying is, is this is all done through these, you know, these state department bureaus, which are now being reorganized and the one of the, so, so at the executive branch level, I would say there's, when we, we huge wins at the National Science Foundation, which is a major, you know, NGO and university sponsor for this. A couple of big misses though, how the National Endowment for Democracy remains fully funded. They were talking a big talk, the Trump administration about defunding the National Endowment for Democracy, which I would say is one of, if not the worst of the worst offender in this entire space.


Especially with Damon Wilson at, at the helm who came straight from the Atlanta Council Digital Forensics Research Lab, which was the censorship Supercenter of the Western world. Seven CIA directors on the Atlanta Council's Board funded by the Pentagon State Department and U-S-A-I-D, the the Atlanta Council, where it came from. At that time, the Atlanta Council was running training seminars to get journalists to flag Trump tweets, including one seminar called I call Bullshit, where the Atlanta Council Digital Forensics Research Lab with where Damon Wilson was the head. They are training schools of journalists holding up Trump tweets on a, on jumbotron that says two words witch hunt.


This is two, this is one month before the Mueller hearing. So Russiagate was at its apex. They wanted to censor or call disinformation Trump's attempt to present his own case around Russiagate. And they provoked journalists to hold up. Atlantic Council sponsored placards with the word bullshit on it. And that means sponsored by you and me because we pay for them through 11 different government agencies pay the Atlantic Council. So Why are they, why, why is Ned Na, national National Democracy Atlantic Council, why are they still getting government money? I'm not privy to those internal conversations. I have actually seen the ir So there's four cores at, at ned. There's the two political branches.


NDI for the Democrats, the National Democrat Institute, IRI for the Republicans, international Republicans. It's McCain ran for Years. Yep. McCain ran Mitt Romney's on the board. Madeline Albright, by the way was the head of NDI. Hunter Biden was on the chairman's advisory board of NDI. Nina Janko was at NDI. But the, so those are the two political branches. The, and then there the other two Core fours are the exact other two groups who signed that secret agreement around organizing destabilizing street protests in case Trump won. The third one is called the Center for International Private Enterprise cpay, that's the US Chamber of Commerce branch of ned.


And the fourth one is called the Solidarity Center. That's the A-F-L-C-I Union arm of Ned. So what do you know the never Trump Republicans, the Democrats, the Chamber of Commerce and the unions, the exact group behind the Transition Integrity Project, which explicitly plotted in the height of the George Floyd riots ran a war game about how the Biden campaign, in case Trump won in a clear win scenario, clear Trump win was the name of their scenario. Scenario three, this is in June, 2020, how the Biden campaign could get racial justice activists from these riots to be quote, receptive to a Biden call to take to the streets and plotted what needed to be done to resource them and to cultivate relationships with Black Lives Matters senior leadership and community leaders so that they would owe the Biden administration favors in case they need to be called on.


And lo and behold, who pay ion who 50 billion billion dollars, the Chamber of Commerce then flooded them with $50 billion in contributions. You remember that all the different Chamber of commerce companies just flooded billions of dollars of donations to BLM to destroy our country. Yes. I mean, while the A-F-L-C-I-O and SEIU were all on the streets with them just like they are around the world. When we want riots in Georgia, we want riots in Serbia, we want riots in Hungary, we go straight to the a Ffl CIO branch. And but those are the four corners of net are the exact four corners of the effective insurrection against Trump during term one. I don't understand how that can remain. I know IRI has made reforms, let me say this to their credit in full disclosure, they have reached out to me, And I think I've mentioned this publicly before, but I haven't really been able to say all that much 'cause it's just doesn't really come up much.


And I have seen them attempt to make reform. This is the Republican side of it. And I have heard from folks around its senior leadership that they, that they've recognized how elements of what they were doing before were inappropriate. They'd gone rogue that certain people who were there are not there anymore. That they're trying to align the, their actions with the foreign policy set by their sponsors, the US government. And I've seen And I have seen genuine good faith efforts. They're trying to participate in democracy. Now look, I'm not weighing into whether or not they're doing it for cynical self-serving reasons or what, but frankly you could argue they may have been doing the other, the bad stuff for Yeah, because the Biden administration wanted them, you know, to, you know, to do that or because the, you know, Trump was on shaky ground in, in his own first term and didn't really control his own congress or, or budget or, or had a very strong coalition.


But the point is, is NDI has not made those, has not made those reforms at all. The, the Solidarity Center has not made those reforms. And the issue is, is if you, if you say, okay, IRI has reformed the Republican branch of it has, but these other three are still rogue. Well then what happens, the whole purpose of Ned is that it's bipartisan and, and that it therefore sort of synchronizes us policy, us foreign policy on both sides of the political aisle because everyone's on the take. So everyone has a reason I get it to, to invade Ukraine. Everyone has a reason to topple the side. But if only if, if IRI reforms, but NDI doesn't, what happens to Ned?


Do you see what I say? I Do what I, this is my last question, but, and you, you will know the answer. So when I hear you talk, it's like, it's my childhood, you know, I just grew up around this stuff and You know, pre 91, the assumption was we're locked in a, an existential struggle with the forces of darkness. The Soviets on board with that post 91. You know, ultimately we came to realize that we run the entire world and that's like a huge management project to keep everything under control and sort of moving in the right direction. And, but you know, we're in charge of the world post 2023. There's like, there's No way you can tell yourself that it's just not true.


And the bricks is now it represents a bigger economy, bigger population, bigger military than the west. So I guess my question is, do the people running all these different groups understand that their 1980s era assumptions are just like overtaken by events? Do they see the world clearly? Do they know the limits to their own power? Do do they know what's up? I think they do actually. Good. As I mentioned, I'm, I'm reading Bill Burns's autobiography, The CIA director for Biden and A very close friend of Epstein's by the way. Yes. No, no, just, just A fact. Yes, I know. I I just saw, just saw emails from Epstein to him. Yes, yes. Someone showed me doesn't, I think Bill Burns is a very smart guy And I, I'm not for Bill Burns, but I'm not, I'm just saying friend of Epstein's.


Yeah, Right. But I think there is recognition of that, And I think this is also why you see this, everything is alliance based and why you see, for example, the Biden administration moving so deeply in tandem with the EU on all things and using EU regulatory action to box out, you know, populace like the Biden administration was totally behind the EU digital Censorship Act that is going to become It's completely, yes. Literally, they, I think their internal documents from their White House information integrity, working group planning, the whole thing as well as the USAID programs to, to beef up the terms of it so that it can be used against domestic enemies in America.


But the fact is, is I think this is, this is part of the global alliance structure And I, I actually don't think that the Biden administration really moved unilaterally, assuming unipolar power. Almost, almost every major foreign policy decision, you know, would, would have the buy-in of the uk, France, the power parties in Germany and Canada, and paid very close attention to, to, and, and, and in fact, you know, partnering with, in many, many ways China, I mean Trump blocked China from being able to import oil and gas from Iran, blocked that for four years, two months into Biden's term China inked the Iran deal for 400 billion by $400 billion of oil and gas from Iran.


It's just, I, so I don't think there is a kind of, as much of the uni. There is some of it definitely, like you hear the John Bolton types, you know, talk about, you know, almost presupposing that we can just bully everyone around. But I think even that is done with an expectation that it's going to be NATO wide, it's going to have, you know, allies around the world. But, but I to your point, I think that the Ukraine w Russia war and, you know, is, has been a humbling period, which I think is why there actually is an appetite for peace, even within many aspects of the blob.


They just want peace on terms that are beyond their leverage to obtain. And, you know, that, that is a war of attrition that, you know, gets back to the, the efforts to cut U-S-A-I-D and the NGO Plex, U-S-A-I-D spent $15 billion, I think it was one year alone on, on Ukraine, on this, USAID NGOs are, are funding, the pensions of people in Ukraine are, are, are funding the, the salaries of municipal workers, that there's more welfare for people in Ukraine from U-S-A-I-D than, you know, effectively American citizens who live here legally.


And, but the fact is, is if that USAID spigot gets cut, things will go south very quickly. This is why the EU is creating its own army, you know, built trillion dollar budget that they've announced that for the EU to, you know, effectively create a parallel NATO in case Trump dips out of that. But in the heat of this, you know, I, I mentioned a few of the failings, you know, one of them, Ned, another one is a trillion dollar Pentagon budget is, is a, is har hard for me to imagine that that does not go to prolonging the war. But the Trump administration is a tough choice. You know, if you totally deprive Ukraine of the lifeline that they've had everything crumbles immediately, but then you lose the, the deal terms you in the sense that there's no hope to have territory in Eastern Ukraine, you know, flow back to control by the Kiev government.


There's no hope to recover the, the, all the petroleum resources in Ukraine. Ukraine is the third largest shale reserves I believe, in all of Europe, especially in the Don Bass and off off sea, off the offshore at in Crimea and the Black Sea. And So, you know, I, I think Trump is, is between a, a blob and a hard place. You know, he, he has to, if he wants a budget done, he needs Congress to approve. We do not have a populous super majority in Congress. We have, there are more populous now in Congress than there were under Trump won. So I don't think Trump will, will get as rolled as he was by Paul Ryan.


But there will be rolling undoubtedly, as we've seen, 26 members of Congress, I think have said that they're not going to approve the Doge cuts, just the Doge cuts. And while you are getting handed even more money from a, from a trillion dollar Pentagon budget and how much of that trillion is gonna be civil military, IE NGOs. 'cause the military funds these NGOs, as I mentioned, the Secretary of War is on the board for the US Institute of Peace. The, the Pentagon pays the Atlantic Council, the Pentagon pays for nato, which has all the social re societal resilience and social cohesion grants to the NGO space to do all this.


And so a a lot of you can shut down U-S-A-I-D, but you can just call it civil, civil military. And the Civil Society NGOs will be funded by the Pentagon. So Trump has to keep his coalition together. And so he, he's, he can't get everything he wants just as we're not a unipolar power anymore. Trump is not a unipolar president, but so, so I'm happy with singles and doubles as long as, as long as the direction line is towards a better country. The question is, is are we even gonna get the singles or doubles or is, you know, is the blob gonna get enough home runs and triples On the other side of it, that on net nothing comes to pass.


When you next come back, I'd, I'd love to hear what a trillion dollars a year buys, considering that we're separated from our enemies by two oceans and face no invasion threat. I'm thinking that's a pretty big budget. And I know that I'm probably not a good Republican for pointing that out, but I guess I'm not a good Republican in general, but like, what is that? So Here's the problem. It buys votes. No, no, I Know it does, does it buys votes in Congress. If you, you want, if you wanna fire people at the Justice Department, if you want to get people approved, you know, by the Senate for their positions, if you wanna get rid of the Department of Education, hey, you might need to give them a, you might need to give him a, a Pentagon bone and, and it's a very dirty soup.


Mike Benz a very clean man. I appreciate it. Thanks Doctor. Thank You. We wanna thank you for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day. We know the people who run it, good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bell So you never miss an episode. We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter, telling the truth always, you'll not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell. We appreciate it. Thanks for watching. I.