(0s):
Some things are simple. Putting $1,500 per year back in family's pockets, good hitting, hardworking Americans with a $4.5 trillion tax hike. Not good, unleashing affordable American energy, good wasting money on green new deals, scams, not good. Securing our borders. Good. A broken immigration system, not good. America needs lower taxes, more energy and stronger borders. Congress, the time to act is now learn more@protectprosperity.com. Paid for by Americans for Prosperity.

(30s):
So it seems likely the US government will participate in offensive strikes on Iran's nuclear facilities. If that happens, what next? How does Iran respond? Can airstrikes alone end the nuclear program and what happens to the rest of the countries in the region? And Iran's allies? Do they get involved? There's no better person to talk this through with than former Pentagon Official, Dan Caldwell, who joins us now As we sit here Right now, And I hope you'll correct me if you think this is, this impression is wrong, but I think the general view among people who are watching what's happening in Iran is that there will be some kind of us strike.

(1m 33s):
I'm not, this is, I'm getting this from where I'm reading in the, in the popular press, there will be some kind of strike on Iran by the US military against an enrichment site. This the famous subterranean enrichment site with some kind of conventional, large, conventional bunker buster weapon. That has not happened. Of course, we don't know that's gonna happen. We don't know anything. But let's just assume that does happen. What happens next? Well, let me just say, if it does happen, I hope all my predictions are dead wrong. Me too. Because thank you for saying that. That means dead Americans. And you know, I won't say who I was talking to somebody who I guess you could describe as a neo-conservative, and you know, I said, I hope if this happens, you're making fun of me and calling me an idiot.

(2m 24s):
Me Too. I Totally, I I really mean that because there's guys who are just like me 15, 20 years ago that are gonna be in the middle of this fight. Either they're gonna be on some of these bases that will likely come under attack. They're gonna be part of air crew, they're gonna be on some of these ships. I I really hope that all the confident predictions play out, and I'd love to be wrong. Can I ask you to start, how are those guys, since you've been one of those guys, how are those guys feeling Right now? You know, are They getting news? Are they on social media? Are they aware of what people in the US are saying, what the likelihood of this? I think that a lot of them are, I have spoken to a few that are still in the service, and the ones that I talk to are either senior listed or more senior officers.

(3m 7s):
Yeah. So they've been around for 15, 20 some, some cases, 25 years at the tail end of their careers. And honestly, a lot of those guys are tired. And these were guys 20 years ago that the one thing they wanted was to get in the fight. They wanted to go to Iraq, they wanted to go to Afghanistan. Some of them are on their seventh, eighth deployments, either to the region or to Europe or somewhere else. And they're, they're worn out. And they also see that the, the military has really continued to be overstretched, despite the fact that the Iraq and Afghanistan war have wound down. And remember, we still have thousands of troops in Iraq and Syria.

(3m 48s):
Thankfully the Trump administration prior to this appears to have started a retrograde, a withdrawal from Syria. Hopefully we go to zero there. So we solve a lot of troops there. And a lot of 'em just feel like we've been doing this for so long, and there's so many things we have to do to fix the military, you know, to fix the culture. Something the DOD is really trying to prioritize. We need to reform our army. You know, secretary Dan Driscoll is starting this major army reform effort that I think is important. And another war will distract away from that. It'll take resources away from that. There's a, there's a huge problem Right now with standard of living within the United States military.

(4m 29s):
A lot of barracks are falling apart. You had the Navy Secretary, John Lan, and credit to him. He went out to Guam and saw the decrepit state of the barracks for I believe the Marines out there. And he ordered them shut down. And they were so bad. So another war that that not only puts more lives in danger and requires more deployments to that region after 20 years of, of continuous deployments, sometimes the last minute, it, again, it takes resources away from, from things we need to do. And I think a lot of folks are really worried about that as well. If You're, you're on a ship in the region Right now, and you think there could be, you know, offensive military action by the US military, and you're, you're at some level of the chain, you're part of it.

(5m 17s):
Are you nervous? I mean, being, I I, and when I was in the Marine Corps, even though we are an amphibious branch, I, I never served on a, on a ship before I flew over to Iraq. I didn't go over on a, on a boat float. But I mean, from what it's been described to me, you're in a, a metal container. I, I, you know, I used to talk a lot of trash about the Navy, but, but understanding what it's like to live on a ship six months at a time, and especially when you get extended over and over again, I'd rather do multiple deployments to Iraq. I just like to say that. But it's very isolating. It's very scary because you, you sometimes feel like you don't have control and that that events are out of your hands in a way that's maybe not the same for somebody Exactly.

(6m 1s):
Who's serving in the infantry or you're an individual pilot. So it's, there's nowhere to Run, literally. Yes. Yeah. It's, it's terrifying. And as been publicly reported, we had some very, very close calls in the recent fight against the Houthis is there was, you know, some anti-ship missiles. We have a very effective ballistic missile defense and, and anti missile defense on these ships. But one of the reasons why one of those f eighteens fell off they Harry s Truman was because it had to do some aggressive maneuvers to potentially avoid a, a Houthis anti-ship missile. And thankfully it didn't hit, but imagine being one of the 6,000 sailors or and Marines on that ship and in that moment, and it's terrifying.

(6m 49s):
It can be absolutely terrifying. It's Terrifying. I'm sorry, I'm sorry to interrupt you. I just No, I was thinking that this morning. What would it be like to be one of those guys just waiting for something to happen and knowing it could Be nothing, nothing but respect for the United States Navy? I totally agree. So you were saying, And I just wanted to add my voice in ve in agreement. I really hope to be wrong in every one of my predictions. I hope to laugh at myself and apologize to everyone for being hysterical. I really hope that I can do that. And I know you feel some way. So with that caveat, what do you think is likely to happen if a strike of the nature that I described happens? Well, I think the, the, the event to look back on the back two that could show us what could happen is what happened after the Soleimani strike.

(7m 34s):
And it's not a perfect comparison because it's pretty clear the Iranians telegraphed to us that they were gonna do that. We had some back channel communications, most likely. And so we knew it was coming. And so our troops on Allat Airbase where I served, and actually interestingly, where the vice president served as well too many years ago, were able to get to shelters and to get out of places that were very exposed. And I ran, launched a salvo of ballistic missiles at Allat Airbase. But even then, which is where Allat Airbase is in Western Iraq, it's in Inbar Province, It's in outright. I knew That. And one thing to note about that base is that we do a lot of joint training with the Iraqi army.

(8m 20s):
And the Iraqi army is part of the same government that has another security force called the Popular Mobilization Force, which is a group of militias that are loyal to Iran. They were funded, initially supported and trained by cos force led by Soleimani at the time. And so we are at that base training allies of the people that are likely gonna be trying to kill us in this war. So that's important to remember, and that I think can lead you to, to understand how Vern, that is still the case. Absolutely. That's our main mission in Iraq Right now, is to support the Iraqi security forces, which includes the popular mobilization forces, which consists of Iran, allied militia groups.

(9m 7s):
This, This is so bonkers. It, it is the most convoluted mission, I think, on the face of the A Right now. Is that a mission that seems like A suicide pack, Kind of, kind of, it seems like putting guys in jeopardy for what's the purpose exactly. We're, we're, we're literally propping up an ally of Iran and we're subsidizing in an ally of Iran. And some will argue it's like, well, we need these troops in, in Alad, and we need them in, you know, parts of Baghdad still and other parts of the country to, to check Iran. But a small number of troops is not meaningfully influencing the Iraqi government, and it's not providing a meaningful check on Iranian influence.

(9m 47s):
They're just easy targets that allow us to, excuse me, allow the Iranians to bleed us cheaply. So without divulging anything, I mean, I know that you won't during the course of those conversations to anything that is privileged or, you know, legally confidential secret. But as far as you know, they're, they're there today. Those American troops are still in Iraq, As far as I know. Yes. Still Surrounded by Iranian proxies. Yes, yes. And so I would still have concerns about a strike direct military intervention in Iran. Were those troops not there? But the risks would be substantially lower if we didn't have troops in Iraq and Syria.

(10m 27s):
Remember in 2020 when CNN told you, the George Floyd riots were mostly peaceful, even flames rose in the background. It was ridiculous, but it was also a metaphor for the way our leaders run this country. They're constantly telling you, everything is fine, everything is fun, don't worry, everything's under control. Nothing to see here, move along and obey.

(10m 53s):
No one believes that crime is not going away. Supply chains remain fragile. It does feel like some kind of global conflict could break out at any time. So the question is, if things went south tomorrow, would you be ready? Well, if you're not certain that you'd be ready, you need ammo squared. Ammo squared is the only service that lets you build an ammunition stockpile automatically. You literally set it on autopilot. You pick the calibers you want, how much you wanna save every month, then they'll ship it to you, or they'll store it for you and ship it when you say So, you get 24 7 access to manage the whole thing. So don't let the people in charge. Don't let CNN lull you into a fake sense of safety. Take control of your life, protect your family. Be prepared. Go to ammo square.com to learn more

(11m 43s):
at Chipotle. We also have a playlist guacamole as it's being hand mashed the sizzle of adobo chicken on the grill, the chopping of onions and cilantro. We call our playlist real order now, Chipotle for real.

(12m 0s):
Many foods we know and love can actively and permanently damage the enamel on our teeth. But by brushing twice daily with new pronamel clinical enamel strength toothpaste, and maintaining a healthy diet, you can still enjoy the foods you love while keeping your enamel healthy for life. For three times stronger enamel protection versus your mouth's natural defenses. Make oral health part of your daily routine and try new pronamel clinical enamel strength toothpaste.

(12m 32s):
Man, can I just say something really cynical? It'd be pretty easy to draw us in to a ground war against, or a full scale regime, change effort against Iran by attacking those troops. Look, I've, no matter who you are, I, I've said it publicly, you know, prior to being a DOD in a lot of ways those troops in Iraq and Syria were trip wire to a larger war. And the, especially after the defeat of the ISIS caliphate, and you can argue whether or not they should have been put back into Iraq and Syria to begin with, but especially after the ISIS caliphate, they should not have been there. And one of the, the, there were many crimes in the first Trump administration, but one of the greatest crimes in the, in the first Trump administration was an active effort by President Trump's own political appointees in some cases and elements of the military to undermine his stated preference to withdraw, particularly from Syria.

(13m 31s):
And let's not forget, you had the president's special representative, I believe, for Syria, this guy Jim Jeffrey, who after you left the administration, ran around Washington DC bragging about lying to the president about the number of troops in Syria so that he would be less likely to withdraw them. And That's not a crime. I think that's a crime. It, It should be, it absolutely should be. And it's, it's disgraceful. And the fact that subverting The civilian leadership of the military is not a crime. I think it is. Absolutely is. And And I, it was completely outrageous. And as a result, you know, I, I think there's a direct line between that.

(14m 12s):
And last year when you had three Army reservists killed at a tower 22 in Jordan by a drone Tower 22 in Jordan is directly in support of, it exists to support a base in Syria. And had Jim, Jeffrey and others not undermine President Trump, those three reservists would likely still be alive today. Why is it called Tower 22? Honestly, I, I'm not entirely sure, but it Is the US military installation of some kind in Jordan. Yes. Whose purpose is to support the US mil military installation that is in Syria, but shouldn't be. It's literally right across the border. And that, and that, that, that, that installation series, it's called tanf.

(14m 54s):
And again, none of this, this has all been reported public info is the, that was originally established to train anti as sod fighters to basically effectively retrain them to fight isis. And so then that mission morphed into a counter Iran mission where it's, they wanted to keep American troops there and the proxies there. So Iran wouldn't have a line of communication or basically, you know, ability to move forces from Iran through Iraq to Syria. So that was a justification. But then things changed in northern Syria. The Syrian army started collaborating more with the Kurds.

(15m 35s):
So they got a line of communication. And so then it ran out another mission, and then it became airspace control. And by the time it was, you got to January, 2020, I believe it was January, February, 2024 when this incident happened, the Biden administration, you the, it was reported, you know, when people asked about the Syria policy, Biden admin officials would just laugh because we had none. So they were sitting there for no reason other than this belief is that you can never withdraw or retrench from anywhere because of surrender. Well, and the irony is, of course, that elements of ISIS now run Syria, and we're cool with that for some reason. Yeah, I, I mean, at the end of the day, Jelani was created in American prison.

(16m 20s):
Now, I will say, I think it is good we're trying to remove sanctions on Syria, because I totally agree. Because, you know, sanctions only hurt the, the average person in Syria. I'm glad we're pursuing that. I'm glad we're trying to pursue some type of diplomatic course there. But let's be honest, who won that war? Alqaeda won the war. Well, ex that's the point. Look, I'm rooting for Jelani. I want him to become, you know, a wise leader who makes the region more stable and peaceful. And I, I, I want everyone to succeed. But as long as we're framing everything in moral terms, this just shows the true bankruptcy of the program. Yeah. That we replaced Assad with Al-Qaeda.

(17m 4s):
Yeah. One a, you know, I guess the one thing they have in common is you both begin with a first, but The one thing they don't have in common is only one of 'em is responsible for nine 11. So I think I'm pretty pro Assad, if that's the choice. I mean, I, yeah, Assad definitely was incredibly nasty and awful. Well, yeah, but you, it's interesting you bring up nine 11, who did we cooperate with after nine 11? We sent prisoners to Assad to help interrogate, and ultimately we had a, a shared interest in stopping Al-Qaeda. So we cooperated with Assad early war On terror. Well, I know. So if you, if you were to frame your foreign policy around your own interests or even around your own grievances, like it's fair to be mad about nine 11.

(17m 47s):
Yeah. All people died 3000, then you would be, you would definitely not be happy that the guy who helped you after nine 11 was overthrown in favor of the people who did nine 11. Like from an American perspective, that's not a win. And we spent tens of billions of dollars in Syria. We lost lives. You know, we, we know Joe Kent, you know his story. Wife was killed. Yeah. His wife, absolute heroic woman, you know, other soldiers marines were wounded. We came close at several points to getting into combat with the actual Russian military. We had a major battle with Russian mercenaries, a Wagner Wagner group there.

(18m 29s):
You know, a lot of people focus on the risk of culation in Ukraine and, and an incident where American and Russian forces that are operating area could come into conflict. And, and where that could go, that that almost happened in Syria on a weekly basis for several years, because you had Russian and Syrian, or you had Russian and American aircraft operating the same place. You had American troops and Russian troops operating in the same area. One misunderstanding could have kicked off a cycle where we're a major conflict with Russia. And it, and it, and it, you know, the focus has been on Ukraine, but the place for the longest time where Russian and American forces were brushing up against each other wasn't Syria.

(19m 11s):
So especially after the destruction of ISIS caliphate, that mission should have ended. And it is again, an absolute crime that it was undermined not once, but twice in President Trump's first term. You described our true presence in Iraq as quote a trip wire. Can you flesh out what you mean by that and how it happened? I would say both Iraq and Syrian, and probably more Syria is, and that kind of gets to ultimately why I think some people wanted to keep our troops there, is that if there was a mash casualty incident where an Iranian aligned militia or some other actor attacked American troops and, you know, God forbid, killed or wounded a significant number of troops that would've been justification to escalate either against Iran or to get more involved fighting other groups like, you know, Al-Qaeda, isis.

(20m 12s):
And so just their mere presence was, again, they weren't effectively deterring Iran or other actors because they're just too small. But their presence in of itself was a risk that we could be sucked into a major war. So are you saying that you sincerely believe there are US policymakers who intentionally put American troops in at risk? I don't think consciously there are us. I at least I don't wanna believe. No, there, there are are US policy makers that bel believe that. But you know, I I, I think subconsciously some folks did, I think Lyndon Johnson allowed the US s liberty to be attacked. He knew those guys were gonna die.

(20m 53s):
I thought they were all gonna die. I mean that, I think that's true. So I mean, that's happened before. He's the president of the United States allowing, hoping for the death of US troops for some other agenda. Like there are people that evil Lyndon Johnson was that evil. Yeah. I mean the, the, you know, when we know now about Gulf of Tonkin and all that other I I think so. Yeah. Oh, exactly. Yeah, Exactly. And I, you know, my, my belief is, is that honestly, a lot of it more had to do, and we talked about this last interview, this kind of policy inertia, like right, it's easier just to say, let's keep doing the status quo as opposed to actually changing something because there's less risk in a lot of people's minds.

(21m 34s):
Now, again, I just lead out the risk of keeping troops there. But in some people's minds, there's less risk to their career by preserving the status quo as opposed to changing something that's not working.

(21m 46s):
Your private information is more vulnerable even than, you know, even if you trust the big data brokers not to sell your online history, hackers can do it. They can break into their systems or yours and release your files to anyone they want. Governments or the highest bidder. Just last week, for example, a new leak caused a 364,000 person leak. That means 364,000 people had their private information go public. That's a massive invasion of privacy at scale, really. So we trust Express VPN to protect us from falling victim to these schemes. ExpressVPN is an app that reroutes a hundred percent of your online traffic through secure encrypted servers. And that prevents data brokers or anyone else from seeing what you're doing and stealing your private information and reselling it. That means what you do on your computer, everything you click on, everything you watch, every friend you make on social media will be private as it should be. ExpressVPN also hides your IP address. That's the data number that brokers use to track your behavior and then sell it. So Right now you can get an extra four months for free when you use this show's link, scan the QR code on the screen, go to ExpressVPN dot com slash Tucker and get four extra months of ExpressVPN ExpressVPN dot com slash Tucker.

(23m 5s):
No matter how you travel, it's good to have a plan. Some people plan every minute, no sleep bus museum, another museum, while others only plan to take it day by day. When it comes to your finances, a plan is just as important. You can count on Credit Karma to give you the insights you need to understand your options So you can take charge of your financial path and find your way to money. Explore how you can make financial progress with confidence today. Intuit, credit, karma, karma, you can count on

(23m 35s):
Going on vacation. We're here for it with kids who turn the back seat into a courtroom drama over whose tablet is louder, whose charger is faster and why? Watching the same cartoon for the hundred time as a human, right? Yep. We totally have vehicles to handle that because whether it's a road trip or a business trip where your flight's delayed, your phone's at 2% injured dinner, whatever's open, yeah. Here for that too. Enterprise, we're here for it.

(24m 4s):
And regardless of motive, I think your point is quite demonstrably true. Whether or not the people who set it up intended it to be a tripwire. It is a tripwire. Yes. That's fair. Right? Yes, absolutely. So that's the first thing that could happen if we strike, if the US military strikes offensively against Iran in any way, right? Yeah. So the, the and okay, so then what else? What would happen then? Well, that's where there's really, it all depends on the impact of the counterstrike on US troops and on American facilities and how the United States responds.

(24m 46s):
If we continue at, at that point, you're on the escalation ladder. So if our troops are attacked and we attack, we counter attack with a larger strike and a larger force. And if we use certain bases in the region, like say in in places like Qatar, Kuwait, Bahrain, the Emirates, Saudi Arabia, if, if these countries allow us, and there's a good chance, this is something I think needs to be constantly reinforced, is that these Gulf Arab states are not where they were in 2019. So there's not, it's not a guarantee that they would allow us to use these bases in their country to attack Iran. But if the Iranians perceive whether it's true or not, that we are using those bases and they're looking to punish us, they will attack a bases that are, you know, larger, more, maybe more hardened, but host a lot more troops.

(25m 42s):
And that could quickly lead to more casualties. They could also talk attack ships in the Arabian Sea or Persian Gulf. And they could also, if we continue to get pushed up the escalation ladder, attack US diplomatic facilities. Now those are all worst case scenarios, but they're risks that should be considered and can't be ignored. So it gets back to this, this whole idea that I just, and again, I hope I'm wrong, I fundamentally don't buy that you can just do one or two strikes and that's it. And Iranians, you know, aren't gonna respond. It, it's gonna have to be, you're gonna have to prepare and expect a much longer and much more bloody military campaign.

(26m 27s):
Obviously without divulging the details of any kind of classified planning document. We know that the Pentagon has been thinking about how res Iran would respond to a strike against its enrichment facilities for like a long time, a long, long time. This has been, I mean, people have, and I know that you're one of them, does anybody think that they just wouldn't respond? I'm sure there are people Right now who are trying to say is they won't respond, is like they're weak, they're on their back foot. They, they're, they wanna just come save, save the regime, so therefore they're just gonna back off that they're not actually gonna respond.

(27m 10s):
And if you look at the hours immediately after the Israeli initial Israeli set of airstrikes, if there's some people saying watch, like Iran's not gonna really respond or it's gonna be weak. And you know, over the next few days they launched between 400, 500 ballistic missiles. Again, thankfully they weren't as effective as originally advertised, but still they've, as we sit here today, believe killed around 25 Israelis wounded nearly 600. They've been able to hit, you know, They've wounded 600 Israelis so far. Yes, yeah. Or we, there's total military censorship in Israel.

(27m 53s):
Israeli citizens are not allowed to leave. Most of them are not allowed to leave the country. They, they shut it down. So like they're stuck there for people. And so, and there's, you know, total control of the press in Israel. So do we know, like are we confident we know the casualty numbers in Israel? No, both sides. The, the numbers that have been released by both sides are in some cases maybe overstating things. I think it's, it's likely the Iranians are maybe overstating civilian casualties, understating military casualties, you would guess. Yeah, And I think, I think it's a lagging indicator. My understanding, and again, I'm not an expert on this, is that the way Israelis work is that they allow the information to come out at just a later point.

(28m 38s):
But look, I mean, in some ways I don't blame them because somebody filming something from a balcony and how a missile hits that is intelligence for their Oh, I, oh, I'm not complaining about it. I'm just saying, I, I always, And, and you saw something, you see that very in Ukraine as well. Yeah. I mean you, that's a whole different, I mean the casualty numbers in Ukraine, you know, American lawmakers who funded this war, extended this war for years at the expense of the Ukrainians, I think have a moral obligation to know how many Ukrainians have died. They did this. Yeah. But they don't care. I actually think there's an amendment, And I could be wrong about this, put in one of the National Defense authorization acts or an attempt to force the disclosure of the two true casualty numbers.

(29m 23s):
And I think it was defeated or it was added in and just, it's being ignored by DOD. Yeah. I really think that's contemptible. I've asked a bunch of lawmakers who've, who have, are really responsible for the war or the continuation of the war. You know, like how many Ukrainians have died? They have, have no interest in knowing, you know. But anyway, The, the point, the point of walking all that through that is there. And Iran is really adjusting and changing their tactics as the war grinds on. And that's in part because Israelis have been successful and destroying some of their mobile missile launchers and their missile stocks. Yep.

(30m 3s):
So the barrages aren't as intense, but you're seeing them introduce nor new systems. And here's, here's the most important thing that, you know, absent an American intervention, which as we've discussed could be imminent. Right now, the war is essentially a race between Iran and Israel for the Israelis. They are trying to destroy as many Iranian ballistic missile launchers and ballistic missiles before they run out of anti missile, ballistic missile interceptors for their arrow David sling systems, and then our Thad systems and our SM three SM sixes that we're launching off of ships.

(30m 46s):
Likewise, Iranians are trying to preserve as many of their missile systems and survive as many Israeli airstrikes as possible, while Israelis wear down their store of precision munitions and, and missile interceptors. So each side is trying to get to a point where they're either not threatened by certain offensive weapon systems or their offensive weapon systems can breach defensive systems more effectively and inflict more casualties. And I, there's smart people that say Right now in that race, Israel has a slight advantage.

(31m 27s):
Other smart people say Iran has a slight advantage because the number of missiles they've stockpiled. And that really Right now is, is the game. So there's a time pressure here on both sides and absent, you know, American military intervention, which will change the whole dynamic is that's really what it's gonna come down to. Which side can outlast the other with certain types of weapons and weapons systems. Again, With the caveat, I have no freaking idea what's gonna happen. Nobody does, other than, well, I know that anybody does Right now, I mean, it has been reported repeatedly that there's gonna be American military intervention, like that's just like reported as fact and whether it is or not.

(32m 10s):
So I just wanna focus a little more intently on how does that change the dynamic and how much offensive intervention would qualify as like, dragging America into the war officially any, Well, again, a lot of it goes, that goes back to the conversation we're just having. If, if Iran doesn't respond to just one or two strikes, they decide to take that blow and there's evidence that they, that, that most of the evidence shows they probably wouldn't then that would probably contain the size of the American of offensive operation. But if we were to go in, I think it is likely that we wouldn't just hit a nuclear site for the sake of our own troops.

(32m 55s):
So it would not just be a one-off strike or we'd coordinate with Israelis. And again, if there is an attack on American bases in response to this, that would pull the United States more into the war and push us into a spiral where we're constantly escalating against the other side. And then that brings us to a point where even though it's pretty clear the Trump administration, even if they do decide to do the strike, doesn't want a regime change. War is ultimately get pulled into a regime change war, whether or not we want it. So none of this was even on the table, you know, 10 days ago until the prime minister of Israel called the president of the United States and said, I'm going and I'm doing it.

(33m 38s):
I don't care what you, what you say, it's all been reported in the New York Times given three days notice. It's just a little bit crazy that all of a sudden we're talking about like, how are we gonna deal with this war against Iran? Which wasn't even a thing two weeks ago. So I just wanna say that how if this were a war that the United States chose, this was, it wasn't, this is a war that was chosen for us. We we're going along with it, but if we had chosen this, if we decided like depending on hq, we're gonna take out those enrichment facilities, how, like you wouldn't do it three days later, right? There's a lot of planning for these things. Yes. And this is, I mean, again, stuff that's been publicly reported is these types of operations have been planned for years.

(34m 21s):
Yeah. And they, they've had different plans. They've a adjust, they've adjusted, but have essentially been on the shelf for, for years now. Yeah. But does it make it harder to get just three days notice before this the shooting starts? This is where I'm a little unsure because I don't know what a hundred percent for sure there's a lot of public reporting, but that's not always. So That's, you're, you're absolutely right. And I shouldn't pretend like I know And, and so I don't know what was in the region or not, but there to successfully accomplish something like this, you do need a a, there needs to be a lot of things that happen leading up into that.

(35m 1s):
I think that is fair to say. And the United States military can move quickly when it needs to. I'll say it can move quickly when you don't have large number of ground troops when you're primarily relying on air naval assets. So you can move stuff in quickly. But leading up into that there would have, there normally would be a lot of planning. But again, I'm sorry if I'm going back and forth here. This has been a scenario that has been planned for, for a long time.

(35m 29s):
So Roe v Wade was overturned three years ago and people celebrated, but the battle over abortion is not over. In fact, did you know that abortions are at a 10 year high? In a lot of ways, it's the saddest thing that happens in this country. The birth rate falls and the killing of children accelerates it's awful. PreBorn is fighting this trend. They're expanding their life-affirming care in the darkest corners of the country to help women and save babies. Now, abortion mafia don't want women to think about what they are carrying. They want them to think that ending the pregnancy will solve all of their problems. But that is not true. 11% of women who take the abortion pill, for example, go on to suffer serious health consequences. And that does not include the emotional and moral consequences. It's bad, it's ending a life. So when you give to Preborn, you are not just saving a baby, you're saving a mother. Two PreBorn has already rescued over 350,000 babies. There are still many, many more who need help. Dial pound two 50 and say the keyword baby to support their cause. That's pound two 50 baby. Go to Preborn dot com slash Tucker PreBorn dot com slash Tucker because children are the greatest gift.

(36m 42s):
This episode is brought to you by Amazon Business. How can you free up your team from time consuming office tasks? Amazon Business empowers leaders to not only streamline purchasing, but better support their teams so they can focus on strategy and growth. Free up your teams and focus on your future. Learn more about the technology insights and support available@amazonbusiness.com.

(37m 6s):
This episode is brought to you by Amazon. Amazon has everything for every party. Say your daughter wants a birthday party, but she doesn't just want any party, she wants a tea party. No, scratch that. A princess tea party. Wait, a princess T-Rex party, whatever that means. From t sets to tiaras to apparently toddler sized T-Rex costumes, shop everything for every party on Amazon. Period.

(37m 36s):
In thinking about this non-classified of course, but given that Iran is part of bricks and has, you know, all kinds of military and economic ties with Russia and China, how high is the concern that they might get involved? So this is, this is where it gets interesting is I think Russia in particular has a lot of reasons for them not to get involved. That's My sense. And the reason there's a few reasons is one, a lot of the things that Iran would need from Russia are actually things that Russians really need in Ukraine, right? So air defense assets, fighter jets and things like that is, is Russia's military and industrial base is much more developed than United States and nato.

(38m 26s):
Interesting fact, and you know, the NATO Secretary General says all the time is Russia produces more weapons and munitions in three months, then all of NATO combined produces in a year. So, but the Russian way of war in Ukraine relies on overwhelming firepower. So it's very difficult for them to divert weapons to other partners. I'm not saying that that that couldn't happen. Maybe there's some intelligence sharing, but I, I don't think that my gut would be is they would not support Iran in a very big way. I think China is, is is different. I don't think that they would overtly support the Iranians.

(39m 6s):
But I think if there's one party that over the medium term at least, and they may face some short term challenges because of disruption and, and energy surprise, but over the medium term that would benefit from another major war in the Middle East. And what the United States is, is heavily involved in it is China because the weapons that we would be using to fight Iran are what we would need in a Pacific contingency. And God forbid we fight a war with China, it's not even fighting war either. It's weapons that we wanna supply to some of our partners, whether it's Japan or the Philippines or South Korea or Taiwan.

(39m 46s):
Those are all systems that would be heavily used, whether it's air defense, standoff, munitions, you know, other types of, of air to surface munitions, surface to surface munitions. Those, those are the things that are gonna lead the Iran fight because of just the size of Iran. Iran is a huge country both in terms of population, but geography, it's not as small in terms of geography as Iraq. And it's just much longer distances to say get from the Persian Gulf up to Tehran. So you have to rely on certain types of weapons and certain types of aircraft, again, all of which are, would be at the tip of a spear in a fight against China.

(40m 29s):
So it is in their interest to see us expend more and more munitions and wear down more and more weapon systems in the Persian Gulf. So again, China's played it very smart in how they engage the Middle East. I think that they would be more willing to do things economically to help Iran and maybe provide some non-lethal systems like they have for Russia that could be beneficial for Iran in this fight. But again, you can't What, What's an, what do you mean by non-lethal systems? So for example, China, there's debate over this, but there's not really clear evidence that China has provided lethal weapon systems like Iran and North Korea had to Russia.

(41m 13s):
However, they have provided non-lethal weapon systems like counter drone technology to Russia. They have provided, they've helped them get around some of the Western sanctions. They've helped provide them certain types of electronics that may be harder to get from the west. I think we can say that with confidence they could do that with Iran and massive Investment in Russia. Yes. Which by the way keeps the Russian population prosperous and happy and not complaining about the war. Yes. But again, as we, you know, talked about before, that's not a natural alliance and the, the Russian security services are still very suspicious of the Chinese, just like the Iranian security services aren't, they're still suspicious of the Russians because there's a long history of Russia Oh yeah.

(42m 2s):
Invading and well these are Countries that border each other. Yes. Occupying Iran, I believe twice in the 20th century. So getting back to the theme that we've talked about before is like we've all pushed these countries together because of our dumb forward policy. We, we should be able to pull them apart. They should have natural tension. But because of our foreign policy over the last 30 years, we're creating these opportunities for, for cooperation. And that makes the situation the Middle East worse. The situation Ukraine worse and the situation Pacific worse for us. Do you think there's any chance that China become, if, you know, if this does become a direct conflict between the United States and Iran, that China enters it in a way that's like, that we can't ignore that's just so provocative that we're at war with them too.

(42m 49s):
I think it's more likely that they would make a decision to do something in Pacific because that is more important to them. I I don't, I don't buy this argument that if we were to pull out of the Middle East that China would wanna become a, a hegemon in the Middle East. They have been able to use smart power and minimal military power to maintain influence Sure. And reap economic benefits from Middle East. And they don't have the, the force projection capabilities that the United States has. I, some smart people that I've worked with have made pretty compelling arguments that that that they're not likely to try and dominate the Middle East.

(43m 32s):
So I don't think China would get directly involved in the Middle East. But if they see the United States worn down even more in the Middle East, that may change some of their calculus vis-a-vis Taiwan. And I wonder not just Taiwan. So we've been in Japan for 80 years. We've been in Korea since 19 50, 75 years. Those are like in their neighborhood. Yeah. And I certainly not justifying anything China, I mean not, you know, but I'm just trying to understand like their perspective. 'cause I think it's meaningful if there were, you know, if there was an 80-year-old Chinese military base in Belize, you'd be like a little close.

(44m 12s):
We wouldn't want that. Nobody wants that. And so maybe their expectation is that they can drive us out of the east, out of their direct sphere. Is that a concern? I mean is that something that people think this stuff through think about? Yeah, I think, I think there have been people that have thought about that And I think there's a lot of people, honestly, I think one of the biggest issues the Pentagon is dealing with Right now is since that has been identified as the main theater, the main threat, the pacing to use, you know, military term, the pacing threat or pacing challenge, whatever term you want to use, that everything we're doing in the Middle East trades off against the Pacific, which from an economic standpoint is much more important to us than the Middle East.

(45m 2s):
You know what happens in the South China Sea is fundamentally more important than what happens in the Middle East. Middle East I think is, you know, five, 5% of the world's population, 5% of the GDP East Asia is like something like 60%, 40 or 60% of the world's GDP. So just from a, a trade in the conditions of our economic prosperity standpoint, it it is, it is much more important to us. And China is an actual real existential threat to the United States War. Iran is, is a threat in so as much that we have 40,000 troops spread across the Middle East, many of them who are in exposed positions as we've talked about, that are vulnerable to Iranian attacks, that's the biggest reason why they're a Threat.

(45m 51s):
Wait, I don't, I don't think you watch Fox News. I heard Ted Cruz say that the Iranians are gonna nuke la Well, as of Right now, they don't have a nuclear bomb. One interesting thing is, is Iran has not developed missiles that go beyond a certain range. Doesn't mean they can't, but they have been hesitant to up until this point because they don't want to be seen as threatening countries outside their region. So why is Ted Cruz saying they're gonna nuke la? I think, and again, I've been a big Ted Cruz fan over the years. I've come to, you know, respect him on, on many levels. I think he is repeating a talking point that to help raise the level in people's minds a level of threat that I ran actually in post let's, let's In order to justify American in, in regime involvement in regime change there.

(46m 46s):
Correct. Let's be honest, Iran has been a bad actor in the Middle East. They've been a, they have been a major sponsor of terrorism indisputably, but I believe their economies the size of Pennsylvania. Saudi Arabia alone spends four times what they do on defense. They're bordered by Pakistan that has a nuclear weapon and they have pretty decent relationship Right now. But over the years there's been tension because Pakistan Sunni Irania, you have Israel with a very capable nuclear triad and very capable army. So they're surrounded by countries in the region that have historical antagonisms with them.

(47m 27s):
And they simply Right now do not possess the capability to hit the United States with conventional weapons. What they do, and this is something we've talked about and need to be concerned about, is they do have the ability to infl infiltrate terrorists in other countries. That is a risk, that is something we need to take into account, but is not existential like the threat posed by China with the what is quickly emerging as the biggest navy in the world with hundreds of nuclear weapons, including intercontinental ballistic missiles against the United States, China, that that, you know, could shut off a significant amount of trade and economic activity to the United States and, and harm us in in significant ways.

(48m 11s):
Iran is simply not an existential threat in the same way that that China is and even Russia is with 6,000 nuclear weapons.

(48m 17s):
If there's one thing we've learned over the past couple of years, it's that when things go south unexpectedly and they do, you are in charge of your family's health and safety, not the authorities. You and so prepare think it through ahead of time. You remember that during the dark days of COVID, for example, you kept hearing about a medication, a medicine called Ivermectin. Doctors have used ivermectin for decades treating parasites, viruses even studying it as a potential cancer treatment. But you are not allowed to use it. In fact, you're a bad person if you even use the word. But at Jase, they've thought this through and they've looked at the evidence that doctors at Jace have created a powerful anti parasite formula made with a blend that includes ivermectin. It's the fastest, most affordable option on the market. And getting it actually is simple. Getting that and other life-saving medications is just a matter of going to jce.com. Jce is JASE. You fill out a brief online consultation and a JCE doctor quickly reviews your information within minutes, your medication could be on its way to you delivered right to your door. That and a lot of other lifesaving medications. So don't wait till there's a disaster. Take back control of your family's health and safety. You can get emergency antibiotics as well. Go to jce.com, use the discount code Tucker jce.com. Discount code

(49m 37s):
RayBan meta glasses are powered by meta AI So you can get real time answers. Hey Meta, how bougie is Jade Garden? It's a trendy spot. What's the color that pairs with this top? Consider dark, earthy colors, charcoal or Black. What are some good first eight topics? Consider discussing favorite travel destinations or your favorite books. Get suggestions, inspiration and answers from your glasses. RayBan meta glasses, iconic style meets meta ai.

(50m 6s):
Oh, could I go to the snake If you are thirsting for No, we aren't there yet. Kids won't stop crying. We brought snacks, but they wanted other snacks. Stop pulling each other's hair and we made it 14 minutes with no screams level refreshment. We definitely have that swing by Circle K and get a polar pop for just 79 cents only for inner circle members. When you're feeling the heat circle k makes your day Bud Tucker.

(50m 37s):
So why are we so focused on Iran? There are a lot of reasons, But they don't, they can't be strictly limited to our national interest given what you just said. Again, it goes back to First and foremost, and I know people want to talk about a whole host of other things, but, but really the, the, the thing that is driving this the most and our focus on Iran in the Middle East as a whole is that too many of our policy makers still believe in the idea that America needs to be not simply the most powerful country in the world, but the most dominant power in the world. That we need to have dominance in a way that we are able to impose our values on other parts of the world that have rejected ma mainly liberalism.

(51m 24s):
That, that we need to use our dominance to achieve liberal hegemony. And that leads us to, into conflict with countries in regions that really don't shouldn't matter as much to us as, as they should. And we do have some interest in the Middle East, to be clear, And I can walk through those, but the countries that just don't pose the type of threat that a lot of people in Washington hype from up to. Wouldn't It be easier if you are the Iranian government just to like, observe pride month in Tehran and just like get, get this over with and then, then there's no threat of a new an attack. Right? Well, You know, as Brett Stevens told my friend Ari, you know, he, he wants to ultimately see the 82nd airborne in the streets of Teron ex, you know, escorting a gay pride parade and that kind of, that that kind of sums that up.

(52m 12s):
Brett Stevens said that. Yeah, Man, I've known a lot of people in 56 years. I don't know I've ever met anybody weirder and dumber than Brett Stevens, but that's just me. I I actually, this is gonna sound weird. Yeah, I respect him because he just says it out loud. He, he, he says, yeah, I want the United States to be the most dominant power in the world to spread liberal values. I want, I want the United States to What's not even from this country. I mean, it's like getting a lecture about America from Brett Stevens is like, I again, I I just have, He's, I'm pretty sure he is from Mexico, but whatever He is, Yeah. He's from Mexico. I didn't know that. But again, I, in a weird way I obviously find his views abhorrent.

(52m 54s):
I mean he's he's said absolutely fundamentally racist things about, about, you know, Arabs and other people. He's got a weird obsession with genetics, but he's honest. He doesn't try to like wrap it in the, in the, this cloak of American interests and American values. He just comes out and said, is it? And, and, and again in a weird way I kind of appreciate that. Yeah, no, I mean there, there's, I mean I guess that's where the being an idiot kind of plays into it. He just kind of says it out loud, Isn't it? Isn't it funny essentially that I think you have what, three or four New York Times op-ed writers that believe exactly what he believes.

(53m 37s):
I mean David Brooks, David French, him Tom Friedman's kind of evolving, I don't even know where Tom Friedman is these days, but essentially they, they, they, they, yeah, they they hold the same views. The supposed, you know, left wing paper and there's some, look, they've, you know, credit New York Times sometimes they do have some good stuff on their op-ed pages, but you know, that you have, you essentially have four op-ed columnists that believe essentially the same thing. Right. They just express it differently. Like David French would never be that David French would be the guy that, that masks it and like this is what's good for America and, and America. But they're All violence worshipers.

(54m 17s):
David French especially. And there is a kind of like weak man compensates through promoting killing Yeah. In other parts of the wor you know, it's like, oh, this sort of same weird C syndrome they all have. No, it is, it is though. It is. I mean, you don't have to be Sig Freud to see like David French is like a psychosexual thing that's going on here. Yeah, I yeah, you're So handsome. I mean, I I'll say this, David is, you know, I'm, I'm a much bigger dick than you are And I'm sorry you, you're such a Nice person. No, I well you bring up certain people. I will be a dick. Is I, I think David, it's, he's so interesting because he, he brought away such a much different, and I know there's people that, you know, Mata's military service, I'm not gonna do that.

(55m 4s):
But he, he brought away like a much different understanding of his service in Iraq than a lot of other people. And I've just kind of found that fascinating. And, And I, I think I, in a lot of ways his views are really increasingly the way he talks about foreign policy. I think he's more of a barometer of where the center of the Democrat party is, than the, the dying neo-conservative fringe of the Republican party is. He's representing increasingly where the Democrat party is not the Republican party on foreign policy. Interesting. And we, we brought this up last time, remember the, the Democrat party platform in 2020 was more hawkish on Iran.

(55m 51s):
They did a 180 from, from, excuse me, in 2024, they did a 180 from where they were in 2020 and Iran in 2024. And it was more hawkish. And there's a world where you could add Liz Cheney as a national security advisor or as a Secretary of Defense. That's just the darkest thing. I can imagine. So you, I just wanna go back to something you said a second ago. You said the dying Republican NeoCon fringe. Of course I love the sound of that, but it's hard to see. You're looking obviously in more broadly than I am. Because Right now I see Fox News as just this pure craze, NeoCon war propaganda operation. Mark Levin, the least credible person in broadcasting is like in charge of the government.

(56m 33s):
I mean, I'm overstating of course, but it's like they seem very powerful Right now. That part of the Republican party, Mitch McConnell, Tom Cotton, Ted Cruz, mark Levin. But you're saying they're a dying fringe. Again, it's looking at it Right now, it's very easy to think that the neocons have once again taken over the foreign policy apparatus of the Republican party. But I think we need to look at a couple things. There is no popular support for going to war directly with Iran. We have to acknowledge there is concern about Iran getting a nuclear weapon, but there's not a constituency for going to war with Iran.

(57m 18s):
And there hasn't really ever been one. But most of your Republican voters don't want this. I looked up the numbers, the polling numbers, And I think the AIDS virus is more popular than the idea of going to war with Iran. I think it's actually 16% national support. Yeah. And that was from u gov. Brookings has done polls, the University of Maryland, there was one joke of a poll that was clearly manipulated that's being circulated by the neocons, but there's poll after poll from both liberal, nonpartisan, conservative institutions show there's not broad support for this. In addition, you now have within the administration a lot of people that don't look like the types of people that used to staff Republican administrations, mainly George W. Bush administration, but also could argue the, the first Trump term in terms of foreign policy.

(58m 9s):
These are people like Bridge Kolby, people like Joe Kent, people like Michael Anton who have different ideas about American foreign policy and are much different than say the types of people that a Paul Wolfowitz or John Bolton would hire into administration. So they, they have, they don't have a lot of people within the power structure Right now, at least in the political side, within the career side and the military. Absolutely. And then in addition, you have to acknowledge is that there's now an institutional structure that didn't exist in 2016 of organizations that are able to get a message out around foreign policy that esta that the challenges is what, you know, Ben Rhodes called the Blob, even though he's a card-carrying member of the blob, these traditional organizations that push for American primacy and intervention.

(59m 1s):
So you have a lot of pieces coming together that show that that neoconservatism on the right is, is in retreat. But that's in a lot of cases when movements can be most dangerous. Is that, I, I really sense in a lot of ways why they have gone all out is because they're desperate, is they see, particularly on the right, the younger cohort coming up, and we talked about this, a lot of these people make you and me look like Paul Wolfowitz in terms of foreign policy beliefs. Agree. I Feel very, I mean, I always say this, but I feel very moderate. I am very moderate just as by temperament. And I don't meet really any moderate young people on these questions at All.

(59m 42s):
Right, right. And, and they see that. So that's why there is such an all-out effort Right now to push this because they think it's their last chance. I think they're right. I think they're right. So I think even now we're sort of officially clinging to the idea that Israel's goal here is a, a non-nuclear Iran. That's not true. Their goal is regime change. I think it's fair to say, but I do think Donald Trump's goal is not regime change. I don't think he wants to be. I know he doesn't wanna be in a regime change where he's doesn't wanna Ron to have a bomb. He said that a million times. My question is a practical one.

(1h 0m 22s):
Is it possible to shut down a nuclear program with an air campaign? I think you can roll it back. I think you can severely damage it. But look, I'll use an argument that the advocates of the Iraq War made is that you can't truly shut down a weapons and mass destruction campaign with certain people in charge of the country. Right. You can't truly shut it down because you can't trust inspectors. That's right. You can't truly trust intelligence. They were doing that in a very manipulative way, but there's a sliver of truth in that. So if you truly want to get rid of an Iranian nuclear weapon program and make sure there, it's totally dismantled, it's likely going to require a regime change or some type of occupation or, you know, in invasion.

(1h 1m 16s):
That may sound extreme, but if you stop and think about it, that's, that's the truth. Now you can roll again. Well, So I have thought about it, but not as deeply as you have. I would bet. Can you flesh that out a little bit? Why, why would an air campaign not solve the nuclear problem? Because you would need to verify that all the centrifuges are destroyed. You need to verify that all the knowledge, both, you know, scientists, you know, other engineers that, that they are accounted for, in some cases killed, that there's no files remaining and that all the centrifuges, all the different pieces, all the nuclear material, the triggers, anything that could be part of this are destroyed.

(1h 2m 2s):
And then any development of the delivery systems, it, it is, it is incredibly difficult to do that. And it's impossible to do that purely through air. You're gonna need inspections, you're gonna need people on the ground verifying this. And again, what we've seen before is the argument that the inspectors aren't gonna find everything. So I think you can kind of see where this is going. And so the argument likely that you're gonna see, and it's not totally incorrect, is that to truly get rid of the threat of a nuclear Iran and Islamic Republic with a nuclear bomb is you're gonna need regime change. And so, as I said previously, that's why in my mind, this really isn't about a nuclear bomb.

(1h 2m 45s):
And I think I wanna be clear for President Trump it is, and for a lot of good people who rightly are concerned about nuclear already, I agree It is about that. But for a lot of others it's about regime change. And I think that the consequences of that for the United States, for the Middle East, even for Israel, have not been thought through. Because a lot of people, just like in Iraq, they aren't thinking about what comes next. If we get rid of Iran as Islamic Republic, we Just had the Iraq war. I mean, That was, it only started 22 years ago. And we still have troops there. We just got of out of Afghanistan couple, few years ago after 20 year. Like we, the memory is not just fresh.

(1h 3m 27s):
It's not even a memory, it's still a present reality. We still have troops there. I mean, what are you talking about? I mean, Iraq is a thriving liberal democracy. Afghanistan just achieved a hundred percent female literacy. I don't, I don't like Working, which was always, which was always the goal. What, what, you know, I don't know what you're talking about, but you know, joking aside is there's still a lot of people who, who think we can do this, that we can actually change a regime and instill liberalism through the, the, the point of the barrel of a gun. That there is still that thinking in Washington DC that they have learned nothing from Iraq, from Syria, from Libya, from Afghanistan, from Yemen, from other places.

(1h 4m 16s):
It, it just, it does not work. My problem is bigger, which is what happens to the American empire, which is obviously contracting. We don't have the will or the money to sustain it at current levels. Obviously, you know, we are challenged by China and, and maybe other countries for, you know, supremacy over shipping lanes and over the air and all this. So, you know, like things are changing really, really fast. So the empire is getting smaller, but there's gotta be a way to unwind it slowly, thoughtfully with minimal damage. I think our adversaries, not even enemies, but just challengers to our position would like to, to crumble in one day.

(1h 5m 0s):
So there's this incentive to really kick the legs out from under America Right now. Do you feel that? I believe so. Yeah. I, I, I think so. And there, there again, we, there's a lot of people, I think in China, they would love us to see bogged down in the, in the Middle East. You And I, you know, are, we don't believe that we should be involved in the Ukrainian war. But the re if you're somebody that thinks that, that, you know, Ukraine is the most important thing for liberal democracy, this war is gonna make it harder, if not impossible to support Ukraine.

(1h 5m 40s):
You know, it's gonna make it harder. Why is that? Why is that, why would a war with Iran make it impossible to continue supporting Ukraine? That's a good question. So after the October 7th attacks, you had Joe Biden go on 60 minutes and say, after he was asked by the host, I forget what host it was, but he was asked, are we gonna be able to support both Israel and Ukraine? And, you know, his dying brain said, oh, come on man. Of course we can. We're the most powerful country ever. We've, we won World War ii, of course we can do both. And a week later, the United States was forced to redirect a shipment of artillery shells From Ukraine to Israel to support them in their fight against Hamas.

(1h 6m 23s):
And that right there just shattered the illusion that we can do both of Artillery shells. So pretty low tech stuff. Right. And we had about, I believe, six, seven months prior to October 7th when Netanyahu was out of power for a bit, I think it was Holly Bennett was in charge. Yep. He allowed the, he not allowed, but signed off on the United States to pull all our artillery shells out of a pre-positioned stockpile to give them to the Ukrainians to support them in their ultimately failed counteroffensive. So when October 7th kicked off and they needed certain types of ammunition, the stockpile that we had staged to support Israel in times of crisis was drained.

(1h 7m 8s):
And we could not refill it because we were giving the Ukrainians more artillery shells per month than we could produce. So we were drawing down our stockpiles to very low levels. Now that's just artillery. I don't, at least Right now, think there's gonna be a lot of artillery battles. At least I hope not. If that happens, it's gotten really bad. But the most precious munition and asset military asset in the world Right now is air defense. So the Ukrainians need patriot missiles, and there's been a lot of discussion in the press that's zelensky number one demand when he talks to the United States.

(1h 7m 49s):
You want patriot missiles. Well, the United States is gonna need a lot of patriot missiles to defend our troops in a war with Iran. So if a war with Iran kicks off and we're firing through our supply patriot missiles, we just simply aren't gonna be able to give Ukrainians anymore. Sounds Like we're undersupplied. Absolutely, we are. And this, again, a lot of this, we can talk about ideology all day, but at the end of the day, this is really a math problem. We were talking about that earlier with the race that I ran in. Yes. Iraq are in, or excuse me, I I ran in Israel. You know, it, it it's our, our ability to sustain fights like this for long periods of time is extremely limited.

(1h 8m 33s):
And you're, you're, you're in a very precarious situation as a result of this. And I What do They do with a trillion dollars a year? Exactly. That's a good question. No, I, for real, I'm not being mean. I mean, I, I respect, there are some people in the military officers I respect, not a ton, but some, I've met some really smart ones, but like no one thought ahead. You can't even produce enough artillery to supply Ukraine and Israel. Not huge countries like that. What is that? So If you look at a system like the Iron Dome in Israel now, everybody kind of talks about, they call Israel's entire system the Iron Dome.

(1h 9m 17s):
It's really, iron Dome is designed to shoot down cheap rockets from Hamas and Heah. Right. The systems that are being used now are David Sling and the Arrow System, and then our Thad system and some of our naval ships from ships. Yeah, yeah. But the Iron Dome is designed to be a little more cheap and, and to shoot more in mass. We don't have enough systems similar to that where we can produce a lot of things in mass and in quantity. We focus on building these expensive systems with a lot of bells and whistles because we still haven't adapted to the fact that, you know, these wars that are quick and cheap and easy are not necessarily cheap, but, but are relatively quick.

(1h 10m 5s):
We don't use a lot of expensive munitions that those are few and are gonna be few and far between if non-existent in the future. So our defense industrial base still hasn't adapted the fact that we just need to, to produce more really cheaper and in some cases less advanced weapons in, in larger scale, instead of building these highly advanced weapons with all these bells and whistles in, in smaller numbers. Like Right now, again, this public knowledge, we only produce about, I'd say a hundred, 150. And I could, it could actually be lower interceptors. So ammunition for the Thad system, which is our most advanced antiballistic missile system, we have only produced nine of around 900 to a thousand fad interceptors.

(1h 10m 53s):
Just 900 to a thousand. That's, it's total. I'm not talking launchers, I'm talking the rounds forum. Yeah, yeah. So Iran has about, depends on the estimate, about two to 3000 ballistic missiles that can reach Israel. And maybe it's probably significantly less because Israelis, but you see how this quickly becomes a math problem. We've only built between 900,000. They have 2000 up to 2000, the types of missiles that the Thad is designed to shoot down. And if you're assuming a hundred percent success rate, you don't have enough intercepts. Again, I I refer to the previous question, what do we spend a trillion dollars a year on? We spend it on those, you know, hard to produce expensive systems.

(1h 11m 35s):
And some of them you have to admit, are very capable. F 30 five's gotten a lot of criticism over the years, but I think we've adapted and turned into a fairly capable system. Some people may disagree with me on that, but I think I, it is a capable system, but we haven't been able to build, and that has a lot to do with how we funded it. Enough of those, or enough of certain types of, of, of ammunition to really fight a long extended war against an enemy that has either a lot of people or can produce a lot of things like cheap drones or cheap rockets or cheap, you know, indirect fire weapons. We just are not quite set up for that type of fight yet. Well, I mean, Russia still occupies Eastern Ukraine.

(1h 12m 17s):
Exactly. And, and for, for that, I mean, that is where it should have become patently obvious to us that we have to change how we do this. And, and again, credit to some of my colleagues at DOD is, they know it. We fortunately just confirmed for under Secretary of acquisition in sustainment Mike Duffy. I think Steve Feinberg knows that they know, but they have a big fight. They're gonna be fighting a lot of entrenches interest to, it Seems like the wrong time to start swaggering around trying to start new wars with people. Yeah, exactly. We are trying to fix a lot of things and we're gonna have to put a lot of those things on a back burner if we get into a major regional fight.

(1h 13m 4s):
If we throw these, And I, again, the, I don't know this is gonna happen, but the president's stated goal is to make sure that Iran doesn't have nuclear weapons. I just wanna restate, you don't believe as a practical matter that's achievable with a couple bunker buster strikes? I do not, and again, I hope I'm wrong. I think the best, the least worst option is an imperfect diplomatic solution that is, that is the best, least risky option. Probably the only option. I mean, you can't force your wife to love, you can't, you know, beat her up till she loves you.

(1h 13m 44s):
You have to, in the end, everything is voluntary. You have to convince people and someone who's deter well, you're the military guy, you tell me. I mean, if someone is determined to commit violence against you, it's pretty hard to stop it if he's still alive. Right. You could deter it. And that's where deterrence comes into effect here is that there are different levers and, and I've said this before, is yes, you do need a credible military option Yeah, yeah. For diplomacy to work. But the, I think everyone agrees even, well, not everyone, but I think everyone who's approaching this in a sane manner understands, just like with the Ukraine war, is that this is the least worst way for this to end is with a robust diplomatic agreement.

(1h 14m 32s):
Again, maybe it's not so robust, it's less than perfect that does restrain Iranian nuclear ambitions. I gotta wonder about the troops who are, who are, you know, at the barrel end of this thing, if they read the New York Times, they learn that the us you know, really had nothing to do with any of this. Just sort of, Israel shows up and says we're doing this and now we're following along and participating to some extent, and maybe now to a greater extent. What do they think of that? It feels like, what doesn't feel like it's true, we were pushed into this by another country, is that if you're serving in uniform away from your family, risking death, is that like a good reason?

(1h 15m 13s):
Do you think that's adequate? Or do people not think like that when they're deployed? I think most folks are gonna have those thoughts, but they're gonna put 'em down and they're gonna focus on the mission. I think that's what they, they have to do. Yeah, of course. I totally Agree. You can't, you know, when you're in the middle of a, you know, when you're about to drop bombs on four oh, and you're a B two pilot, you can't in your head be wondering about, you know, the nature of American foreign policy and how we got here. No, I totally get it. You but When you get home, Yeah. And, and look, I have to be honest here, and I've told people this, I'm somebody who does believe the United States should have a partnership and support Israel.

(1h 15m 56s):
I think that an ideal world is that we would have a security architecture where you would have, you know, golf Arabs cooperating with Israel that would help prevent the rise of a regional hegemon and a global hegemon coming in and, you know, dominating the, the region. I, I see benefits to that, but I am concerned that if this is perceived as a war for Israel, what, what impact is that gonna have on support for us doing some of those things? And I, I've tried to communicate to people who are strong supporters of the state of Israel, that that's one of these second and third order implications that you need to be aware of is what is gonna happen in popular support for the state of Israel.

(1h 16m 47s):
I think you and Steve Bannon talked about this. Yeah. And and there is another, there's another aspect here too. You know, Right now in the region, the Gulf Arab states are wanting to pursue better relations with Israel for a lot of reasons. Business opportunities. Yeah, for sure. Other things. But one of the biggest things pushing them together is the threat of Iran. So if Iran collapses, it's a failed state. If, if they're not there, I think in a lot of ways, again, there's, there's still gonna be Iran and it's not clear. A lot of the regime change, advocates can't articulate really what comes next.

(1h 17m 29s):
The Shaw's fail son probably is gonna go back to Tehran and take over these, these nuts and the MEK aren't gonna come and take over. But, you know, whatever is there, if it's less of a threat, if it's, if it's not the same threat again, that's probably good. But what's the unintended consequence of that? Just like the unintended consequence of removing Saddam Hussein was empowering Iran. If you don't have that threat posed by Iran anymore, that in some ways balances against the Gulf Arabs, they're gonna look at Israel and they may have concerns and they may go back to where they were before and be hostile to, to Israel.

(1h 18m 10s):
Of course. Yeah. It's, it's important to remember that for most of the Cold War, Israel pursued a foreign policy that was rooted in something called the Periphery Doctrine and was very smart. It was driven by Ur, where they dealt with a hostile Arab world, particularly the states that were supported by the Soviets. So they prioritized building relations with non-Arab countries on the periphery of the Middle East. So primarily Turkey. Yep. Iran and Ethiopia. And that was to balance against the Arabs. And that's why Israel, even after the Islamic Revolution, even though Khomeini was, you know, screaming death to Israel, that's why initially after Iraq invaded Iran, Israel was their main arm supplier and other countries started selling them stuff.

(1h 18m 57s):
That's why Israel was such an integral part of Iran Contra, why he had a lot of American neo-conservatives who were supporters of Israel that were advocates in the eighties. People like Michael Ledine, Elliot Abrams of still trying to pursue good relations with Iran, even though he had Khomeini shouting death or America Death to Israel. And that's why up until the end of the Cold War and the defeat of Iraq and the Gulf War, that Israel viewed Iraq as a bigger threat as opposed to Iran. And they su they were quietly supporting Iran in some cases, openly, even though you had this very anti-Semitic, anti Israel regime.

(1h 19m 40s):
And, and they, and honestly it was incredibly, it that was, I believe that was a smart thing to do. But after the end of the Cold War, after Saddam, the, the, the country they viewed as more threatening was degraded, Iran became the bigger threat. So I tell that story to say is what happens after you don't have Iran is does Turkey become more powerful? Do other countries start to band together and out of fear of what Israel's done in Iran? And so, I, I'm really concerned that people aren't thinking through what could happen here then not to mention what could happen in, in, in Iran. You know, I was listening, I've only listened to a small part of your interview with, with Ted Cruz, but he was saying something about how it'd be good if the Islamic regime was gone and through a popular uprising.

(1h 20m 29s):
Yeah, I an ideal world, you'd have a, you know, a a a bunch of Iranian liberals rise up and overthrow the Islamic regime, and you'd have a popular democracy in Iran, but it's more likely you could have something, you could have something worse replace the MOAs. You could have Iran break into a, a civil war. You have a lot of ethnic minorities that are looking for independence. If Iraq hadn't invaded Iran in 1980, there's a chance there's a World War. Iran could have devolved into major civil war because all these ethnic minorities that were trying to break away 40% of the country.

(1h 21m 11s):
Yes. So that's a lot, a lot of history there. But this is what is not being discussed about the risks around regime change. That really worries me. And it's a repeat of what happened in Iraq in 2003. Well, I think the people pushing it literally just don't care at all. Yeah. And in fact, chaos in neighboring states, I think it's bad for the world and including Israel, I think's bad for everybody. But there are some people who think it's good. I mean, that is the world, that is the view. Yeah. Ab betting chaos on purpose. Yes. It's kind of like, so I was just in Europe and was meeting with European diplomats was very interesting.

(1h 21m 52s):
And some of them were open. We sang, we want the Ukrainian War to continue because it benefits us. And these were from countries. I won't, you know, Chatham House rules, I won't say who, but these are from countries that were supposedly the strongest supporters of Ukraine saying, we want the war to continue. Not, not, we want Ukraine to win. We want the war to continue. Why? Well, for them they perceive Russia as a threat. Yeah. And that if Russia stops fighting in Ukraine, then they'll reorient against them, even though there's really not, Putin has not expressed the intent as clearly as some people like to say that.

(1h 22m 35s):
What's So funny, I mean, if I would just, I know the Brits feel this way, especially Oh yeah. They've convinced themselves that Russia is their greatest enemy. It's bizarre. But, you know, if I were Putin, I would offer free first class trips to Moscow so they could see that like Moscow was so much nicer than any place in Great Britain. It's like, not even close. There's no part of Great Britain that's as nice as Moscow. It's like probably be an upgrade for them. I mean their, their leadership is so bad. Their country's so degraded. I think, I think a lot of them, I think the Brits are starting, I will say, I think they're starting to come around a bit.

(1h 23m 15s):
It's some of it's Just weird that they're mad at Putin. Why aren't they mad at Kiir starer? Why aren't they mad at the conserv, fake conservative Rishi soak? And you know what I mean? I think, I think part of it is for, for them, and I'm not by no means an expert on British politics. I enjoyed working with some people. The British Defense Establishment was in the Pentagon. I have a lot of respect for 'em. But there's still kind of this grasping at trying to be a global imperial power when they're, you know, they, they don't have the resources or the power to do that. Of Course. And I, I feel sorry for them. Un sort of. But on the other hand, it's like every western country has the same syndrome where their, they're well deserved frustrations about the decline of their own countries are channeled into hate at people.

(1h 24m 3s):
Thousands of miles away. Yeah. It's like you're in a country where people are just dropping dead at 25 of Fentanyl ods and like, no one can get a job after graduating college and you can't afford a house and can't get married or have kids. And you're like, it's, I'm mad at potent. I'm mad at the Aya TOAs. It's like, it's, you know what I mean? Yeah. It's like this weird kind of like unwillingness to face the truth, which is no, well it's, you've been betrayed by your own leaders. It's easier to point, it's easier to point abroad than look, you know, and you've seen that, you've seen that throughout history. You know, the British dealt with that in the Falcons war. Why did Argentina invade the Falcons when they did? Because the Argentina junta was having severe problems.

(1h 24m 44s):
Exactly. And why did Thatcher respond the way that she did? Because she had also just come out of these strikes and like that helped her tremendously. No, there's all kinds of baked in incentives to war. I just, you do wish some of these countries would take that hostility, which again, is well earned. Like they have a right to be hostile and focus it against their own leaders and affect regime change in their own countries. You know, they de these countries, they deserve regime change. A lot of these countries in the west. Yeah. And it's, again, for me, I, I've been to Ukraine and went to Ukraine last year during the war, And I came away with a lot of sympathy and respect for a lot of Ukrainians. Yes. I came away with a lot of immense, I'll just use the word hatred, shouldn't, you know, let it linger.

(1h 25m 31s):
But it was angry at some of the western supporters of Ukraine and a lot of Ukraine's leaders. Why? Tell me why you felt that way. Because at the end of the day, a lot of these people's strategy is to continue to send young Ukrainians in pursuit of a victory that they know they can't win. Yes. And they're doing it just so they can feel good about themselves, just so they can say we're standing up to Putin. And you know, I, I gotta say like, you know, we haven't talked about the Ukrainian drone, you know, issue. But last month the ambassador of Ukraine resigned.

(1h 26m 11s):
This woman named Bridget Brink, and she made a big show of it. She wrote a op-ed for the Detroit Free Press. She's probably gonna run for Congress in Michigan. And it was a bunch of plum. It, it was about, you know, how America needs to lead the free world. How she was essentially ashamed that that President Trump's administration has recognized that the only way Ukraine's gonna survive as a nation is through a diplomatic settlement. And she was, she's saying that we were portraying our values and all this other nonsense. She's A child. It was childish. And she was the ambassador of Ukraine. I met her actually, she's a joke. Yeah. When I went to Odessa the first time, And I interact, I never really directly but on a lot of calls with her when I was in administration.

(1h 26m 55s):
And she could not articulate, how do you achieve some semblance of victory of the Ukrainians considering the fact that they don't have enough people and we don't have enough weapons to give them. She told a friend of mine at an event, a cocktail event, that her baseline demand was that Putin give back Crimea. And it's like she didn't know what Crimea was. She didn't understand, I mean, that basically like, we'll have a nuclear war over Crimea is what she, but she, she didn't even understand that was the implication. Like she was like an idiot. Mo most of the Ukrainian, most, most of the Ukrainian government, obviously no government's a Unitarian entity, but there's an increasing number of people in the Ukrainian government, including some folks that I think a lot of, I'm not gonna say who they are, including some folks that I think would be surprising to people here who, who recognize the reality and they know Crimea is not coming back.

(1h 27m 51s):
And those, you know, those people in some ways are becoming the enemies themselves. And that's why you see more and more crackdowns in descent in Ukraine, why a lot of people are afraid to speak out and why honestly, that major drone attack was launched the day before a negotiating team was going to Istanbul to meet with the Russians. So what was, I mean, I don't, the conventional view is there's no chance the Ukrainians could have pulled that off without the help of nato. So, And I heard you and Steve Bannon talking about this.

(1h 28m 32s):
Here's, here's my view. I know Steve has been asking a lot about this. I actually don't believe that the upper echelons of the Pentagon, the CIA, the White House State Department, knew about this. Well, the White House did, didn't know That they're, I think they're a hundred percent correct because they would've been incredibly uncomfortable with this happening the day before Peace talks. And I, I do have to say I, I, I think the same applies to ccia a leadership. However, I do believe that there were elements of the military supporting Ukraine, particularly through training and some of their intelligence sharing and probably elements of the intelligence community that supporting Ukraine that knew about this and didn't run it up the chain because they were worried that they would be told no, because they had started this plan under the previous administration and they knew the previous administration likely would've been comfortable with it, but ours wouldn't.

(1h 29m 35s):
So they, they probably suppressed that information from getting up the chain. And I, I want to be clear, I'm not casting aspersions on everybody in like European command, there's a lot of great officers, great soldiers and marine sailors, airmen serving European command. There's actually some really smart, realistic members of intelligence community that are serving on the Russia, Ukraine portfolio. But there's others that are still bought in like Bridget Brink to this idea that Ukraine can achieve a victory. And one way to do it is by these spectacular attacks that, you know, while may risk a little thing called nuclear war because we're attacking Russian strategic assets, not just, you know, missile launchers and stuff.

(1h 30m 17s):
And yeah, they have a role in the war in Ukraine, but they were, remember they also attacked a Russian nuclear submarine base in north of the country. So that was done first and foremost to undermine the peace talks, I think going into Istanbul the day, the next day. And also too, to invite some type of escalation. Well, They've tried to kill Putin at least twice, so, yeah. Yeah. And that leads to one of my last questions, second to last question, which is, why did we put up with that? I mean, if our job is to run the world, or at least the West, And I think most people in the US government think that is our job, maintain the peace act in our interest, et cetera, et cetera.

(1h 30m 60s):
Zelensky and a few people around him are actively subverting that he's not elected. He rules by force. Ukraine is less free than Russia from what I can tell. Like, why are we continuing to send him money? Why don't we force him to leave? Why don't we, I don't know, render him somewhere. I don't, I don't get it. I forget was maybe it was, you told me this or, or you know, I have a, some British commentator said, we're just really bad at being an empire. We don't understand the Patriot client relationship. That Was me that I, And I thought that since December of 2003 in Baghdad, we're not good at this.

(1h 31m 43s):
We shouldn't Yeah. We, things we're not Good at. Yeah. We, we were not built to be an empire. No. The Brits were, Yeah, the Brits definitely were, but we are not, you know, we were meant to be a republic, not empire. Yep. And I think we, I will say this administration has started to change that. I can't tell you how much the aid pause that we did really freaked out the establishment and sent a, an important message to Ukrainians, but also the Europeans. But there's still ways to go. And I think we, we need to really change that mental model about how partners and allies we work with partners and allies. It doesn't mean that we are are telling 'em what to, you know, we're, we're, we're dominating 'em in, in, in, in certain ways.

(1h 32m 28s):
We're always trying to throw 'em under the bus. That doesn't work either. But this idea that we let certain clients do things constantly that are against our interest, it benefit, it doesn't benefit us in the long term. It doesn't benefit these clients. I mean, look at what happened in Afghanistan. I think that's a perfect example of that. Last question. If you had to bet, do you think the US government is capable of closing out this war on Iran? Like saying to Israel, you know, we've done enough like stop.

(1h 33m 12s):
And if Donald Trump decides, you know, he wanted to go back to the negotiating table since Steve Woff to Oman again to meet with the Iranians and try and hammer something out. Do we have the power to do that? I think it's, this is an interesting question. Are we talking about capability or willingness? Both. Like, could that actually happen? Is that realistic? Absolutely. I, I I think that is, that isn't entirely possible. I say it's likely, I don't know. Yeah. We can't know. But you think it's possible? Of course. I mean, we, we have done this before. I mean, I, I think, you know, with Israel specifically, you know, Ronald Reagan is considered a very pro-Israel president.

(1h 33m 55s):
He Was a very pro as a president for sure. But there were times where, where the feeling was is that Israel was not doing things in our interest. And we made that clear and we used our leverage to make sure that they were not harming American interests. And I think we perfectly have the capability to do that. Again, I i I, we don't know how the next few days are gonna play out, but it, it's, it's definitely there is, we have tremendous amount of leverage over many parties in the Middle East over, you know, many countries around the world for sure.

(1h 34m 36s):
We just have used it incredibly poorly. Dan Caldwell, I keep reading about what an extremist you are. I think you're the most moderate person I've spoken to this month. Who else are you interviewing? Thank You. Like are is Jlan, is Jelani coming? Do you have Jlan? Are you, are you going Toma? No, We love Gani. We're totally pro ISIS now. It's totally cool. As long as You gonna Damascus. As Long as Asad is gone. The funny thing is, I was invited by by Asad a couple times And I didn't go both be, you know, I didn't have super strong feelings about it. And I was like, that's not worth it. You know, it's just not, I've got other interests and I'm not, I don't wanna spend my life thing with the Middle East.

(1h 35m 17s):
But if I'd gone, I think that would've been, I mean, it kind of wrecked Tulsi G's life for a number of years. Got her kicked outta the Democratic party. But if you were to go to Damascus movie with the ani, the former dash guy, the ISIS guy, Al-Qaeda guy, true extremist. Gotcha. Totally cool. Yeah. Al I mean, Al nra, I mean Al NRA and ISIS split, but yeah. He was a member of is of Yeah, whatever. I'm saying the terms broadly, but like Yeah. Like radical Sunni extremist, like nihilist. We Do have to say one thing though about he brought up Tulsi Gabbard is there's a lot of good staff Right now Yeah. And administration that are doing the Lord's work. And I have to say, some of the things that are being said about them and how they're being undermined in the press and being accused of awful things is absolutely disgusting.

(1h 36m 7s):
There, candidly is an effort to run somewhat of the same playbook against them. They did me. It's like you're seeing these accusations of leaking, right. And they're on the outs. Let's be honest, that's a trick that people who want a bigger war are playing to stifle dissent. Oh, I'm, I'm aware. Because if you dissent, you know, look, as I said before, you dissent and they make a decision to do something. It's your job to implement it. But they're trying to snuff out any sort of process or debate Right now by attacking and, and trying to accuse certain groups of people, whether it's in the White House, the Pentagon, od And I State Department of Leaking.

(1h 36m 47s):
So they're scaring them away from, from actually offering feedback and challenge. And that's utterly disgusting. And you know, I, I know that there's a lot of good people in the White House that aren't gonna tolerate it. They're not going to be be, you know, they're not gonna be bullied by it. But I think we acknowledge it's happening and it's, it's not surprising, but it still is utterly Fucking interesting. Can, can I say, say one thing, and you're definitely in this category, but it's the people who've been targeted in general are the most patriotic, the most pro-American, the most people whose views are the most consistent with the ones Donald Trump ran on. I've noticed that.

(1h 37m 27s):
I think it's true for you. It's certainly true for Tulsi. And they're also the people that when the president says we're doing this, they're going to implement it. And if they don't agree with it, if it, if it goes against their core beliefs so much, then they're gonna resign. They're not gonna do what Jim Jeffrey, who we were talking about earlier, is gonna do, they're not gonna do what people in the first term did and undermine it, is they're gonna say, Roger that and go forward. And That's what, what makes this whole thing even worse. Yeah. They're attacking the best people because lying is not a crime. Telling the truth is, yeah. Thank you Dan. Thank you. Me again.

(1h 38m 9s):
We wanna thank you for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day. We know the people who run it, good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bell So you never miss an episode. We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter. Telling the truth. Always, you'll not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell. We appreciate it. Thanks for watching.