
America, it's time for a redecoration of independence. We're amid a hostile takeover. th globalists and their political henchmen are seeking control of you and America. A group of patriots inspired by Tucker Carlson's famous call to bravery have written a redecoration of independence demanding That. Our representatives. Go to Washington and begin dismantling th Washington political empire. Go to redecoration.org. That's redecoration.org. Read, sign and forward. Red. Declare your independence today.


Welcome. th th Tucker Carlson Show We bring you stories. That have not been showcased anywhere else, and they're not sed of course, because we're not gatekeepers. We are honest. Brokers here to tell you what We think you need to know and do It honestly. Check out all of our content at Tucker Carlson dot com. Here's th episode. So We saw Zelensky Campaigning for Kamala. Harris th unelected president I. Guess that'd be dictator of Ukraine. Campaigning for Kamala Harris in Pennsylvania a couple of weeks ago. And It just is a reminder. That Ukraine is not just like a foreign policy priority. It is central to this administration and has been for 10 years.


Why you've reported this more than anybody. Why? Well, I mean that's th central question and th kind of mystery about Joe Biden. And it's th key to figuring out how he got to be president. This very unprepossessing, not very intelligent man was sort of captured I think in his very earliest days in th Senate. He came to th senate as a green 30-year-old kind of part-time grifter from Delaware. And he was immediately embraced by th sort of elder statesmen who are controlled th foreign policy establishment, basically in th senate, and was elevated to th most powerful committee in th senate, th Senate Foreign Relations Committee, which he ended up being chairman or ranking member for over a decade.


And That is th th place where th c I a meets government power. That's he, he had access to th c I, a c I a had access to him. And he was very early on, captured by th Chinese, or captivated by th Chinese. He traveled as a young senator to th Chinese equivalent of Martha's Vineyard, and met all th top CCP people. Came back waxing lyrical about how wonderful China was. just like Tim Walsh, same sort of capture and So much So That th weekly standard at th time ran a cover story just saying how ridiculous he was. And th same with Russia.


You know, th foreign policy establishment in America has this obsession with Russia and wanting now regime change with Putin enlarging NATO That was, people don't really realize, but Joe Biden was pushing for th enlargement of NATO to include, especially Ukraine and Georgia So Yeah, Victorian Newland and Joe Biden are probably th two most instrumental Americans in Ukraine policy for, you know, since before th maiden revolution in 2014, Victoria Newland was over There. There's this ridiculous scene. That was captured on videotape of her sort of striding around Madan Square handing out sandwiches from a big bag to th protestors There and saying, good on you.


You know, well done. And th c I a I mean it's pretty much a, an established fact. That th c I a was involved in th toppling of th yakovich regime. There, which was sort of more Russia aligned, but not as much as is said I mean. He was sort of trying to do a European trade deal. but anyway, he was, after about two months of phone calls with Joe Biden, then th vice president who would harangue him and make these grandiose threats. Jankovich finally had enough after th ninth phone call, like interminable hour long phone call with Joe Biden.


He'd just gotten a helicopter and left. And, and then Victoria Newand is captured on a, on a phone call. That was I think recorded by th Russians, but released in which she, and it's genuinely her. And she's just talking about how they're going to impose their puppet government on Ukraine, and they're gonna Get Joe Biden involved, and he's gonna give th new government and Asher boy on th phone. And Jake Sullivan has told them That, they've gotta Get Joe Biden involved So these very unimpressive people. Victoria Newland's. Not very impressive, and neither is Joe Biden. They ended up being th sort of rulers of Ukraine.


But what was th appeal for them was It, ideological I. Think for Victoria Newland. Yes. 'cause she's a hawk. You know, NeoCon, she was Dick Cheney's primary advisor in th Iraq war I remember very well. Yeah So I think, and her husband Robert Kagan, is like a leading NeoCon intellectual I worked with him. One of th dumbest people I've ever worked with, ever. Really? Yes, Bob Kagan. And a very angry and unpleasant man, but stupid. How did he become So influential then? Because he's part of, you know, th Washington foreign policy establishment. And, you know, because his views Yeah, you know, his views are consistent.


Well, not like consistent They are sort of th archetype of Washington's foreign policy. Very anti-American I would say extremely anti-American. but, but conventional Yeah, So I know That So. That's, that's interesting. 'cause I mean I. Think I don't, I don't know about Victoria Newand. She doesn't strike me as being particularly intelligent. Joe Biden certainly is not, apart from, he is a sort of a cunning political cunning. but th three of them then have those, those establishment views, So, they're useful. And that's kind of my premise is That. Joe Biden was th sort of tool of th blob, or th people who are in control from th c I, a th state department, And, they wanted a sort of puppet president as They have pretty much always had.


And th same people who covered up for Joe Biden and his Corruption allowed It green lit It are th same people. That are propping up Kamala Harris and who regard Donald Trump as an existential threat, but not to America or democracy like we're told. but to them and their power, it's just, It's amazed to me as an American, if you told me 10 years ago, That, I'd be sitting, you know, talking to a reporter on camera about how th c I a controls who th president is, and then use as th president as puppets. I would've thought That sounds a little far out, but it's clearly true. Yeah I don't know. just th c I A I mean I. Think it's th what Obama people call th blob what Mike Bens talks about for sure.


th you know, it's th Pentagon State Department c I a and in, in th coverup of Joe Biden's, s Corruption and Hunter, Biden th Hunter Biden investigation, also th Department of Justice and th I RS were involved. And So, it's th classic what Trump called th deep state And. they couldn't control him. He's always been an uncontrollable person. And that's I guess his gift. What, what made him So good as president and is allowing him now to do So? Well, but It also makes him an existential threat to th blob, to th deep state. So. Th impeachment, th first impeachment of Trump over Ukraine should have been th tip off to th rest of us.


That Ukraine was really th kinda th whole point for these people. And I remember thinking Well It was just an excuse They were using 'cause They wanted to impeach Trump, but no It really was th third rail for them. Yeah, in hindsight, It was incredible. That. Donald Trump got impeached for th sins of Joe Biden effectively doing exactly like being accused of doing exactly what Joe Biden did, which was to withhold usaid. Joe Biden withheld a billion dollars of USAID So That th president Chenko of Ukraine fired th honest prosecutor who was investigating th company. That was paying his son a million dollars a a year.


And Donald Trump made in a con conversation with Zelensky, he said, you know, can you please investigate th Biden family stopping th prosecution of charisma this energy company in Ukraine, and for That, and for supposedly talking about or withholding aid for like a millisecond from Ukraine? He got impeached. We only know about That conversation because he was spied on. And then th contents were leaked, correct? No I mean, th conversation he had with Zelensky is public I mean it's listened to, and there's a readout, but I guess.


And he then released a transcript himself. but you're not meant to have a verbatim American people isn't meant to have a verbatim transcript. These phone calls, for some reason, are not actually recorded. They're just sort of transcribed. but Yeah It was leaked by a Ukrainian American sort of I, don't know. It was in th in th in th state department at th time listening. And th crime was threatening to withhold aid Mm. As if th Ukraine is a constitutional right to American tax dollars or something. Right? I don't understand th Well, 'cause They said, said That. It was a It. He was, It was of political benefit to him. Even, those Joe Biden was not candidate for president at th time.


They said That That. Somehow Donald Trump knew That Joe Biden, who was th least likely to become th democratic candidate. That. Somehow Donald Trump's had a crystal ball and figured out That It was Joe Biden actually, I mean Donald Trump knew That There was nefarious stuff going on in Ukraine. And he'd had his personal lawyer, Rudy Giuliani was looking into It, and he suspected That Ukraine was involved in interfering with his campaign in 2016 and getting his campaign manager, a guy called Manafort, basically ended up being jailed.


And I'm not, I'm not defending Manafort I. Think he was like a lot of grifters American grifters in Ukraine, very corrupt country. th most corrupt country in Europe. They were out There with their hands out. So. I mean There. Were Republicans doing It? but th bidens were doing It and I. Think That. You know, Joe Biden as vice president, sold out th country in many ways, and Ukraine was part of That for a few million dollars for his family. And, you know, maybe 25 million That we've discovered from China and Ukraine and Russia and Romania and So on. but, but you know, I I think Ukraine has just been an obsession by th blob because They think they're trying to weaken Russia.


And. they think th way to do That is They want to wean Europe of Russian energy. And And, they had this fantasy. That Ukraine was gonna be able to supply Europe with th energy That Russia didn't once They cut off. but it's impossible because Ukraine has 3% of th shale gas deposits. That Russia has So It doesn't make sense. Why, why would They care? Like why, why? That's I don't under, I've never understood why Russia's bad. Me Neither I my actual theory, I have two theories. One is That because it's sort of Orthodox Christian and So.


th now America's always sort of exported its way of life and its democracy. And that's been a benign thing until maybe th last decade when th state department is now thinks That its role in imp in exporting American culture is L-G-B-T-Q stuff, which goes right down to I. Think in Indonesia, very conservative kind of Muslim country I, think It was Indonesia or anyway, was It country like That, where They were having like drag, drag queen story time. th state Department was funding That, you know, which just causes great hostility in these conservative countries.


It damages America's interest to impose these social sort of bizarre social norms onto these like maybe culturally conservative countries. And I think Russia is regarded as cult culturally conservative. Putin has allied himself with th orthodox church. I don't think necessarily 'cause he himself is religious at all, but just because it's a source of power for him. And, and, you know, you see It in Poland, a lot of those Eastern bloc countries, They really reject this, this cultural imperialism from America. It happened in Afghanistan.


I mean when Kabul fell, th pride flag was hanging over. th brand new embassy That, th Americans had built So. That's They hung a pride flag in Afghanistan. Yes, So. This, this is just all That does, is antagonize everyone around th world. And I. Don't think th American people want agree with It or Why would It be exporting homosexuality, Yeah and transgender, you know, trans in your children. But why would th us government even have That in its portfolio? Why is It th us government's business who you sleep with? Well, because That, Joe Biden came in promising equity, and he just gave an interview to th Blade I think just boasting about how important his ra, his administration had been in promoting, you know, transgender rights, rainbow rights, So, I, I don't.


And it's sort of a sort of a shadow agenda That most Americans aren't really aware of. but you saw It when on, when Joe Biden invited this transgender woman who came to th White House and beared her breasts. She's really a man beared her breasts for th cameras in, in th white House. And th pride flag was adorning th white house at equal status with th American flag. And people were outraged by That. but I don't Think, and We wonder why we're getting all these hurricanes. It's not global warming. Sorry. Well, it's th tranny in th White House.


Well, we've always had hurricanes though. Yeah, Well, Yeah. but you can see why they'd be increasing in frequency after stuff like That That. While that's just a, that's but M amazed. but I think that's why, that's one reason why Russia has resisted and they're trying to impose on Ru th same with Hungary. Remember, they've, America has sent, Hungary is kind of traditionally Catholic and quite culturally conservative. And So, what does America do? Send a gay ambassador with th husband and adopted kids to just talk about nothing but gay rights in Hung. He's Got an IQ of about 80 and is, doesn't speak Hungarian and is lecturing everyone in th country about how immoral They are Yeah I mean, send him to Australia. He would be embraced.


They would love him, but you don't. Why would you antagonize a country that's conservative and is having its own? Well, That's th purpose of diplomacy, right? Is to make your potential allies hate you. That's right. Yeah, Yeah So I. Think that's one, one reason. That That, th state Department has an a loathing for Russia, but also I think it's because this is my theory. I have no proof for It. but That, you know, China seems to be much more of a threat than Russia, which is a small GDP It really isn't That much of a threat to America. Whereas China is encroaching, you know, it's, it's imperialist. It's very aggressive now in th South China Sea.


It's trapping all these little countries in debt traps. It, you know, th belt and road initiative is an imperialist objective, and it's directly threatening. th the United States So I. Think That th Wall Street or th people That fund th blob and fund th wars. Don't want th American people to realize That. China's th real threat. So They focus their attention on Russia and So That We. just forget about China. And it's Amazed how many Americans fall for It I say That with sadness. Mm. They fall for It I mean What was Russia's imperial aims? No.


What, what threat does Russia post the United States except a nuclear response to provocation Yeah from nato. Yeah I. Don't I I don't. but people kind of fall for It. It's like, th worst person in th world is Putin. Okay? Maybe he's a bad guy, but is That There are a lot of bad guys around th world. There Are a lot of bad guys. There are a lot of bad guys, including in our government. So. It's, it's interesting So. but you think th th point of Ukraine is to destabilize Russia, Yeah and th point of destabilizing Russia is because They won't bow to American cultural imperialism on th gay stuff. Not entirely. m just think That That gives sort of impetus and passion Yes. To those people in th state department who, you know, everyone needs to be on th same song sheet And.


they all need to hate Russia and So. Why? You have to try and understand why Do They hate Russia, So much. What's Russia done to them? And, you know, I do think That That th fact That, they're sort of I mean. Remember th dramas when Putin can imposed some sort of anti-gay law I Don't think It was, It wasn't actually, Andy Gay It was kind of what Rhon de Sandis is trying to do in Florida is just stop this grooming and encroachment on childhood Yeah. You can't throw sexual propaganda at children. Yeah That would be like, th you know, anti kid toucher law That would be totally conventional in any normal country, right? That's right. And, and, you know, you can't fund hormone replacement and genital mutilation for 12 year olds.


You know, you don't want to set kids on th path of changing their sex So, leave them alone until they're 18. I think that's pretty reasonable. but that's as being anti-gay, Amazed. It's funny how some of th biggest threats to your personal liberty are never discussed in th media.


Maybe that's on purpose. Here's one of them. It's called Section 7 0 2. What is 7 0 2 Well? Section 7 0 2 refers to a part of th Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act. FSA and It allows warrantless surveillance of American citizens. Now, that's against our Bill of Rights, of course, but That has not prevented your US Congress from extending It can for another two years. That means your elected representatives have allowed the United States government to spy on you. They've weaponized your government, which you pay for against you its own citizens. So, what can you do about That? Well, you can vote out anybody who made That possible, including th current speaker of th house. but in th meantime, you can take steps to protect yourself from their spying. And one of th ways you can do That is by protecting your internet browsing history. Yes, your internet service provider tracks every click you make online and then sells That information. That goes to companies trying to sell you things, but It also goes to th federal agencies. That want to spy on you and manipulate you with That information, That is happening to you. It has definitely already happened to us. We verified That, no thanks. We. Recommend a product called Express, VPN Express. VPN is a personal private network. That reroutes a hundred percent of your internet activity through secure encrypted channels. Now, why is That important? Well, because It keeps what you're doing online, private, not 'cause you're doing anything wrong, but because privacy is a prerequisite for freedom. No privacy, no freedom, So. if you want to protect yourself, We, recommend ExpressVPN, go to ExpressVPN dot com slash Tucker and you'll Get three extra months of privacy for free. That's ExpressVPN dot com slash Tucker.


Do you owe over $10,000 in back taxes? Kevin Sobel here and I have an important message to share. th government needs more money. Your money. if you owe th I RS back taxes, They can garnish your wages and le your bank accounts. They can even seize your retirement. Or take your home. Don't let th I RS target you call th professionals at Tax Network USA. Their tax lawyers and enrolled agents are experts in powerful programs. That may even help you eliminate your tax debt tax network. USA is a plus rated and has saved over $500 million for th clients. Whether you owe a few thousand or a few million, They can help you in just one phone call. You can start th process of stopping th threatening demand letters, stopping th aggressive collections, and resolving your tax matters once and for all. Call Tax Network USA Today, Visit tn usa.com or call 1 802 4 5 6,000. Don't wait until it's too late. know this 1 802 4 5 6,000 or visit tn usa.com.


James O'Keefe's line in th sand premiering only on TCN on October 10th. You can set up to watch at Tucker Carlson dot com. James O'Keefe's new documentary line in th sand at Tucker Carlson com. So, nothing. This all came I mean. You've written about this for several years now. Pretty conclusively. I would say you had an amazed book on Hunter Biden's laptop, which sort of substantiates a lot of what you're saying, but no one has ever been punished for It There was No effect.


Really? No. So. That's why I wrote th second book, right? th Big Guy, which is Joe Biden's, code name That Hunter Biden's. Former business partners like Tony Bobinski used to, had, had to use to refer to Joe Biden because th family was So paranoid about his involvement. And I think, you know, th th first book, th Laptop from hell, That We at th New York Post wrote about and then got censored by Big Tech at th time. That was before th 2020 election. And We didn't really understand like how this was happening. We just thought, oh, Twitter and Facebook are just woke And. they want Joe Biden to win So. They're censoring us.


but what We found out after th election, in part thanks to Elon Musk opening up th Twitter files, and also because of a whole lot of th once th Republicans took th house in 2022 or after 22, We We They got to subpoena a whole lot of documents and also interview witnesses plus whistleblowers from th FB I told us That th reason That Twitter and Facebook censored us, was because they'd been warned by th FB I for weeks ahead of our story, even appearing to look out for a Russian hack and leak operation, likely in October, likely involving Hunter, Biden and So.


When Twitter and Facebook saw our story on October 14, 20 20, They recognized It immediately as th Russian hack and leak dealt. How would th FB I know? Well, th FB I was spying on Rudy Giuliani, who was Donald Trump's personal lawyer. They, unbeknownst to him, They had a covert surveillance warrant on his iCloud. And So They would've had access to th email. That came to him in August of 2020 from John Paul mc Isaac, who was I. Think you've interviewed him. Yes. th laptop repair shop owner who had th laptop, That Hunter had abandoned at his shop.


And, and th FB I had actually subpoenaed That laptop in December of 2019. They had It And there possession had they'd had It for 10 months when They were telling Twitter and Facebook, oh no, this is Russian disinformation. You know, you must censor So. And then a few days after We were censored outcomes. Th dirty 51 letter and It was th th open letter by 51 former intelligence officials, most of them c I a I Think 42 ex C I, A including John Brennan and Leon Panetta and James Clapper There were five either directors or acting directors of th c I, A who signed That dishonest letter.


That said, That th laptop was Russian disinformation, and therefore our reporting was Russian disinformation. They called It. They said It had all th classic earmarks of a Russian information Operation So. Now, if any of them respond to any questions about It and They, just say, well, We didn't say It was Russian disinformation. We said, information operation, same thing. And, they knew because They leaked It to Politico. And then th Washington Post and New York Times picked It up, and all th headlines were Russian disinformation. th laptop So That killed th story, stone Dead. And two days later, Joe Biden gets up on stage with Donald Trump in th last debate, and he uses That letter to basically Get out of jail.


Free. And th story never, ever became anything. but what We now know is That That letter was not just signed by these formers, but That It was cleared by th internal C I, a classification review board in record time. And even They saw It and thought It was overtly political. just three weeks before an election, So They sent It upstairs to Gina Hasell, who was then th c I, a director under Donald Trump. And she gave It th green light to be published immediately. And So th dirty 51 letter was actually a domestic c I, a interference operation with th election.


And, you know, That just boggles your mind once you realize What happened. Gina Haskell Well, she obviously left, and she now has a job in some, it's either a law firm or something. It's one of th you know, stables, That disloyal, Democrat lovers end up going and making lots of money in, But never punished, retains their security clearance. of course, of Course, all of them do. All, all th 51. And in fact, several of these signatories are not just former C I A people, but they're active c I a contractors today. And, But why not pull That? I've never understood, no one has a right to a security clearance period.


And people have them pulled all th time unpopular people have their security clearances pulled at, at which point, They can't work with th US government, And. they can't, They don't have access to information. That I as a taxpayer don't have access to. Why not just pull their security clearances like every single one of them, day one? Well, I mean that's what Donald Trump should have done, Yeah. but he, you know, he had a couple of months I guess. And It took a while to, for this all to settle in, settle in everyone to really understand what They did. That They actually did interfere with th election because I mean We know now from polls, That enough, Biden voters would've changed their vote if they'd known about Joe Biden's s Corruption. You know, even if They just knew That, he'd been lying to th American people during th campaign when he said, I know nothing about my son, Hunter's overseas business dealings.


And yet, We had on th front page, an email from Hunter's Ukrainian sort of pay master from That company Bura, who had thanked Hunter for introducing him to his father in Washington, DC th then sitting Vice president We found out after th election, That was a dinner at Cafe Milano, which you probably know in Georgetown. That Hunter Gone There all my life. Yeah, well, Hunter organized That for, for his father th vice president in a private room to meet with his Ukrainian business partners, plus Russian plus Kazakhstanis. He did a three for one deal in April of 2015.


And Joe Biden denied That he'd ever met these people. He sat down, he had dinner, and It was only when th Washington Post, just trying to fact check my story about th Cafe Milano dinner. You know, their, their four Pinocchios people were very, Glen Kessler was certain That, you know, I'd made It up, or It was wrong. There Four Pinocchios people. And, and, and th White House then admitted to Glen Kessler, not never to me. That, yes, Joe Biden did go to That dinner, but he didn't Do It for any nefarious purpose. And he only stayed for a short time, which is not true, because someone who was There told me, That, he was There for th entire dinner. And he might not like, it's not like Joe Biden is gonna talk about th finer details of, you know, how much money You can gonna pay Hunter.


but he just has to show up and be charming and be th vice president for all th money to flow into hunter's pockets. Has he ever answered any substantial questions about this? No. th only time That, he's sort of asked th questions, is actually by th New York Posts Washington correspondence, Steven Nelson, and by Steve Ducey, Peter Ducey, sorry, from Fox News. And all They managed to Do is shout questions across to him. And, but In all th interviews That Biden has done as president in four years, no reporters ever said, let's just go through this for a second. No.


Oh, no. So There was someone I think from, might have been CBS It was a woman. They were standing up. but he gets very aggressive. Oh, and then at th Axios There was an Axios reporter too. He just, he, Joe Biden people underestimate his aggressiveness. He's very good at It. You, he's very nasty. And So, if you ask him a question he doesn't like, it's almost like this narcissistic rage. It's quite frightening. And you see reporters recoil, and you ask him anything around hunter's sort of, or th th family Corruption. 'cause it's just also Joe's younger brother, Jim Biden, he gets very aggressive and nasty and pushes back So.


He's successful in That. Why do th c I a dislike Trump So much? It's clearly not because They thought he was unfit to be president. They supported a senile man for president So. th that's not an important criterion for them. What's th real reason? They hated Trump So much, because Trump is uncontrollable Yeah. He's always been uncontrollable since he was a child. He's, that's his sort of magic strength. I. Think That. He won't be told what to do by anybody. And you saw th effect of That during th four years. That, he was president. Suddenly th blobs agenda was to th wayside because Donald Trump treats foreign policy, just like domestic policy, just th way he did when he was a property developer in Queens.


He acts on first principles, logically common sense. He looks at an issue and he goes, oh, this is a problem. I'm m just gonna treat. Like for instance, when he became president, Barack Obama said to him, th biggest problem That We have is North Korea. 'cause Kim Jong-un keeps on detonating all these nuclear tests, and he's a problem. And So Donald Trump neutralized That. He put Kim Jong-un in a box, and he was mocked mercilessly for It. You know, It little rocket man, it's bromance with Kim Jong-Un, but It worked. Same thing with Putin. You know, Trump's just very belligerent.


He, he just makes threats. And people don't know if he means It or not. I think he threatened Putin That, you know, look, those lovely domes in Moscow, shame if something happened to them. And Putin didn't invade any countries while Trump was president like he did when Obama was president. And like he did immediately when Biden was president, So Putin was in his box. Iran on its knees, It was completely broke. It didn't have th money to fund th proxies to attack Israel like It did last October seven, you know, th Middle East, whatever you think I mean. th Abraham McCord's were th promise of peace in th Middle East, which had been, you know, th mantra of So many presidents for decades.


And suddenly, Trump comes in and he kind of starts to pull It off. And That was anathema to th blob controllers because th agenda, whatever agenda They have, which I I kind of think is still opaque. I don't really understand It completely. but their agenda is, is th opposite of what th American people want. And that's why Donald Trump didn't follow their agenda. And that's why he was So successful in foreign policy. And, they don't want That So I think That th idea That, he would become president can, is an existential threat to them and their power.


And that's why They will do whatever It takes to ensure That. He doesn't win. And we've seen they've attacked him with law to assassination attempts. They've totally demonized him. So, half th country thinks he's Hitler and It still hasn't worked. If he does Get elected I I think it's pretty clear. He, he can't really govern with th government like th one We have now, or th one We had between 16 and 20. Do you think it'll be possible to And four years uproot th rot, I I mean no. I don't think So. Although th thing is he's much wiser than he We.


All are than We. Were We I I. Look, this for sure I look back even in 2020, and think how naive We were I mean. This happens all th time, like in 2016, you think you're ne naive after th Iraq war. You think you're naive, but you, you, you really, you can never be too cynical. I think and So, he knows a lot more now. And he knows, he knew That th deep state was a problem. but I don't think he realized th extent They would go to, to cripple his administration, which They pretty successful he did. It's amazed he achieved as much as he did, considering yes, he had th Russia hoax hanging over him. th Mueller investigation, you know, he's just coming out of It into th clear. And then Covid hit So.


I I think he'll be older and wiser. I think he will not be as naive about th people he puts around him. He admits himself That. He made mistakes in personnel and I think that's why this demonization of th project 2025 or whatever It is from th Heritage Foundation has been So effective. Because They know That what Trump needs is a really good group of 2000 people to install day one in his administration. And That was really th th central premise of Project 2025. but I think he's got a good, good group of people. Like he's got Howard Lutnick, who knows about how to hire 2000 good people at th moment's notice.


'cause he had to do It with Cantor Fitzgerald after September 11, So. He, and now he's got, you know, Elon Musk, you RFK Jr. I mean he's got a pH of smart people who are not sort of traditional Republicans, but who are wise about th deep state and th kind of existential threat to democracy. That They are Even those They Project That and demonize Trump for It and So. A lot of people, Silicon Valley They. See, That Trump is actually th answer and not th problem. And So, they're backing him. So, you, you would hope with That brain's trust That, he's going to be able to at least make a dent on It I.


Don't think in four years he's gonna be able to solve th problem of th c I A th FB, I and th State Department. but he'll prob probably fire, you know, th top three layers. And and it'll be messy. And, they will probably stage I Don't know, can mean th worst thing you can imagine. I don't wanna jinx It, but you know, terrorist, domestic terrorist tax America's been thankfully free of That. Unlike England, Australia, most countries have had Islamist terrorist attacks, unlike America. So. Whether that's because American culture intrinsically sort of allows immigrants to, to feel American So.


They don't hate America as much, or because I don't know c I, FB I did a great job. I don't know. but I would imagine That that'll be used as an excuse and a way to weaken Trump. but he's only got one term. That seems Likely to me Is It Yeah. I would think So Yeah That and, and pulling th supports out, out from underneath th economy. Yes. 'cause Yeah, Janet Yellen's been propping up Joe Biden's economy in th stock market. Yes, Yeah, That's ugly. m just wanna go back for one moment to Biden's behavior as vice president pretty out in th open I mean his son Hunter's flying around th world raising money on his father's name.


What is Barack Obama? th th then president, think of this Yeah I. That That was strange. I mean he was aware of Joe Biden's s Corruption issues, because when They were vetting Biden to be vice president, this was a, a major issue. And Hunter had to resign from various lobbying gigs, That he had, and was very resentful of It. In fact, he resented Obama and th Obama White House because They kept on putting crimps on his ability to use th White House to make money. And like for instance, when, when Hunter first joined th Bura board, his best friend in business, Devon Archer, who has, is now an anti Biden person, but was then on th barisma board with, with Hunter, he was invited with Hunter to th White House to meet with Joe Biden and ostensibly for a school project.


but what came out of It was a photograph of Joe Biden, th vice president with Hunter's business partner, Deon Archer just joined th board of Bura, That Bura, then Hunter took th photo, Bura put That photo on their website, and That became a problem for th White House. When They realized So th sort of ethics czar or th White House Council actually contacted Hunter Biden's business partner, another business partner, and said, quick take It down. So It was an emergency situation, but It was enough, It was seen, and It was enough of an embarrassment for David Ignatius of all people at th Washington Post, to write a column excoriating Joe Biden for being So sloppy David Ignatius being th c I, a spokesman th Washington Post Yeah Yeah foreign policy columnist, and Like Philip Bump So.


What about That? You, you spent your life in journalism. You can th daughter of a famous journalist at what point did, like th overwhelming majority of journalists become more loyal to th ccia a than to their readers? Yeah. I Dunno, I mean my father was a journalist in Tokyo in th 1960s, and he said It was crawling with spies. Then So journalism, especially in th Cold War, was full of, well, those August publications, like New York Times, th Washington Post full of spies back then. I mean always. Your dad would know as well from 'cause he was a journalist in That era. I think It was really journalism and spies were good friends and great sources, and also kind of interchangeable in some ways.


So, maybe nothing has changed. Well. I think that's actually fair. Now, That, you're saying It out loud. I think That is, That is in fact, I. Think I know for a fact. That, that's true. So, you're right, I. But th difference is That. I. Think th c I a used to. Well, We used to think I. Don't know if I even question myself about this now, but we used to think That, they're on th side of th angels like They were promoting truth justice in th American way, and That was a good thing. but I think they've turned, you know, They are now not acting in America's best interest. I don't know if a rogue element has, has crept in I. Don't know if you know, because of They They recruit smart kids from universities, and those kids have already been brainwashed.


John Brennan was a communist, but, you know, a like known to be at one point, So, maybe just th people they're recruiting have changed th culture of th ca to be more anti-American. Like, you know, th universities are like, th institutions are So. Maybe that's just an organic thing that's happened, but certainly they're not acting in th best interest of what th American people want.


Natural disasters, wars, political conflicts. th recent threatened dock workers strikes at ports around th country. All of This, our reminders, That things, That, We take for granted in this country, like medicine, are all dependent on a long and fragile supply chain. If something happens to That supply chain, you and your family will not be able to Get things. That, you need to live. So right now seems like a pretty good time to stock up on essentials for when th next unexpected disaster hits. Because it's coming We know That. That's why we're partnering with Jce Medical, which can supply you and your family directly to your home with things you need. Quick, easy, affordable solutions for problems That require life-saving medication for ones in your family, in th case of an emergency. So th Jce case is a personalized emergency medication kit. That contains essential antibiotics and medications to treat th most common and potentially deadly bacterial infections, for example. And then a whole host of add-on medicines from Ivermectin to EpiPens, depending on what you and your family may need. How hard is It to Get this? Not hard? th process is quick and easy. You fill out an online form, you consult with their physician, and you receive your medications through a licensed pharmacy at a fraction of th regular price. It is all totally above board, completely legit. And in th case of a disruption to our supply chain, which can You very easily happen. It You mean th difference between surviving and not So. We recommend It. Go to jce.com, use code Tucker at checkout for a discount on your order. That's JJAS e.com promo code Tucker.


Certainly now, though, it's, it's pretty obvious. That, there's a massive disconnect between th agenda of th blob State Department, DODC, I, A NSA, all th all th armed federal agencies. Hmm. And American voters. There's just not really a big overlap between what one group wants and what th country itself wants. So at some point, don't journalists have to say, well, I don't know. I'm, I'm supposed to represent my, my readers or viewers. They don't seem to have any sense of loyalty or obligation to th people. They're supposedly serving Yeah. But think about th New York Times and th Washington Post. Who are There people? That they're serving who, who really are th subscribers of th New York Times We don't have any visibility into That.


Do you think th New York Times really cares if th CCP buys up, you know, a million subscriptions at $1 a pop th Washington Post, like they're serving th blob. That's their people. They're th Do You think it's possible That, foreign governments buy subscriptions in bulk to try to influence news organizations? I don't know, but It makes sense. It does. And We don't know if It is happening or not, because that's all proprietary information. And why would th New York Times look too closely at th golden Egg That th foreign goose laid? Well, that's like, that's a fascinating possibility. I mean, you know, That, foreign governments, Intel services are all over social media.


I mean all. Well, that's one of th things We learned when Elon Musk bought Yeah. Twitter is That foreign governments. A number of foreign governments had employees working There Well, and th c I A and th FB I had They were cr There were So many at, at Twitter. That They had like a, a support group like They had their own slack channels Support group. And, and remember James Baker th he was th general counsel for th th FB I during all th right? He was involved in all That Russia collusion stuff. He, he's, he was certainly There in th room. And then suddenly, eight months before th 2020 election, he gets parachuted into Twitter as their number two lawyer, and he was involved.


We now know from th Twitter files intimately in th censorship of th New York Post There were people at Twitter, including th much maligned y Roth, who was th chief censor. He was actually pushing back on this FB I, yes, C I, a censorship. but James Baker was, that's Such a, can m just ask you to pause? That's such a smart point. Yo, yo, Roth There was something about him. He just, It was, he was easy to hate and blame Yeah. but It turned out yo Roth was by far, He was a good Guy. Far exactly, Yeah. Exactly Yeah. It's sad. Well, It is sad. Have you ever spoken to him? No, but I've, he wrote a sworn declaration for a separate, a separate court case in which he was just honest.


He said, That, he, he was th one That told us That, th FB I came in and, and said, look out for this Russian disinformation in October about under Biden So. I've always had a soft spot for him. I thought. Well, he's one of th few people, There, who's been truthful, you know, he doesn't seem to have an agenda, Do you? You said That, th FB I knew. I'm sorry, I'm jumping around, but there's just So much Yeah, you said That. th FB I knew That th laptop was coming. Your reporting was on th way because They were spying on Rudy Giuliani th President's lawyer, which is pretty shocking. Yes, They would do That, But They never found anything. Well, I know That We were being surveilled at That. At th I Know for a fact, in October of 2020, my producers and I were being surveilled by, By th NSA Can I Don't know by somebody who Yeah stole a, a, a hard drive with images from Hunter's laptop out of th UPS sorting Center in New York.


Do you, have you ever thought That, because you've reported on this So extensively for So, long That, maybe, you know, your communications are not secure. Oh, I'm sure they're not Yeah. In fact, when I talked to new people like There were some NYPD, former NYPD people, sorry, FB I and NYPD people, They said to me, We are gonna meet. We had to meet in person. They didn't trust They said to me, your phone's, you know, I know you mean well, but there'll be people listening in on you. So, So. I'm, I'm m just Li listening to th conversation in th room through th mic on th phone. I Don't know. I don't know how They do It.


I I mean just th fact. We have our phones with us, people who are super secure conscience, including Wall Street people and So on They leave their phones outside. but I kind of think I'm a journalist and So, if I'm meaning with sources, That don't want So, I always meet in person anyway. Or We communicate with encrypted apps, which are probably not safe. but There are a couple. That are, maybe, okay, When, when your reporting was censored, did anybody in th White House Press Corps or any fellow journalists you knew from other publications extend sympathy and say to you like, I think this is wrong? What's happening? I mean, how did other journalists respond? Well, th usual ones you would expect would, did So th conservative ones, but no I mean I.


Remember Maggie Haberman, who used to work at th New York Post now in New York Times star, anti-Trump person. She, and, but she's a just a normal reporter. Like she actually has good curiosity still. And So, she tweeted our story. 'cause It was amazed. And, there was another reporter, young reporter, I, think from Politico or somewhere who also retweeted just like, oh, look what th New York Post has got. October. Surprise, And. they were like excoriated on Twitter by journalism professors for having th audacity to promote our story. What's a journalism? Professor Yeah, exactly.


A propaganda professor. Maybe that's what They are. Now, Is It a job? That requires a specialized degree. Do you think I did a degree at Northwestern Wouldn? No way. I did a I did a master's in journalism. Hurt and It was, you was th best thing I ever did. Yeah. Oh, come on. No, It was brilliant. It was brilliant. This was in 96. So. It was It hadn't been polluted. And, there was some fantastic real journalists. There Chicago, not Columbia. So Chicago was okay then. Incredible. Yeah No It was wonderful. I I learned So much about, you know, just th basics of journalism. And, there was no propaganda.


Well, you just overturned my preconception. but I Think it's different. Now, look, I, look at You. Don can Think I. Look at Northwestern I. See what happens. but, and Columbia and th th difference is That. th new breed of journalists. Think That They have to change th world. And that's why they're slumming It and becoming journalists and not going to Wall Street. You know, I think if They were smart enough to lend money for a living, They, would You I think we're getting th dumb ones? So. What, what exactly happened to Joe Biden? Is he still I mean He has escaped any punishment for th many crimes. That, you've detailed at some length, and I I don't think that's overstatement to say you've detailed th crimes of Joe Biden.


He's never been punished. He never will be I, don't think, is he still running th country? Was he ever running th country? Well, that's th right. of course, Yeah, I I mean if you saw him in 2020 in, you know, on th campaign trail, basically in Iowa and New Hampshire, It was obvious That. He was cognitively shot. He'd have to have Dr. Jill lead him across th stage to make a stupid speech. He had teleprompters dragged into tiny town halls 'cause no one was interested in him. just to Do, basic stump speeches, That any other politician, You do And there. Sleep. So It was amazed. That things were rigged and That.


People like Amy Klobuchar and Pete Buttigieg just agreed to step aside for him. but I guess he was th only palatable available candidate. That They had That They You pretend was a moderate to th American people and So So, but I think with Joe Biden sort of a mystery. Everyone now is saying, oh, you know, he's senile. but I think with all these like cognitive decline problems, It, It sort of waxes and wanes. And, and remember, he had those aneurysms back in I, think th eighties. He had a couple of pretty serious brain bleeds. I remember very well, Yeah and brain operations.


So, you don't know how That factors in, and because I know people and foreign, foreign sort of heads of state who have met with Joe Biden behind closed doors for extended periods in Washington DC from two different countries. And, they said he was completely lucid. This is halfway through his presidency, That. I'm going, come on. No way. You know, you can tell me it's off. th record No. No, no. They said no. absolutely. He was Compass mentis. He was running th agenda. Everyone around him, like Anthony Blinken was deferring to him. He only had like a, a, a like talking points on a piece of paper. That he referred to occasionally, but he was definitely in charge.


So, that's th good Joe Biden. but then someone else I spoke to who was There at one of those G 20 or G eight summits in Cornwall in England, said That. And remember There were, There was footage of Joe Biden sort of wandering around aimlessly and looking lost. And apparently he was completely out of It There. He was, you know, goofing Boris Johnson's wife and just acting very inappropriately. And, and So, So, I think That jet lag. And you know, th time of day when They can't quite control his environment, That, he th th senility sort of creeps in, but he still has lucid moments and maybe long moments.


And We saw That every time he had to do a big set piece except th debate against Donald Trump when It almost seemed like They let him out without a safety net. You know, late at night when he'd been doing all this traveling. And It was almost like he was set up to fail. And I I think now he probably, you know, he is had sleep. He doesn't, he hasn't had to travel as much. He's vacationing all th time at his beach house. So, I think he's probably in th best cognitive shape he's been in for a while. And he seems to be pretty lucid. You know, when you see him out giving speeches, when he is undercutting Kamala Harris, as he did twice in th last few weeks, you know, when he said she'd just, she'd picked a fight with Rhon DeSantis over th hurricane, and Joe Biden just seamlessly comes in and says, oh, Ron DeSantis is a great guy.


You know, I talk to him all th time. When he cut in, she was gonna do a big speech in Detroit where she was going to take credit for ending th longshoreman's impending strike. And Joe Biden just That moment decides to make an appearance in th Washington, you know, th press room for th first time ever. And of course, all th cameras cut from Detroit straight to Joe Biden, and he didn't have much to say other than to say That. He and Kamala Harris were joined at th hip. That We were singing from this, you know, we're on th same page, and she's trying to turn th page So I. Think That. He's, and there's been reporting from behind th scenes.


That, he's angry. That, Kamala Harris is trying to, or her campaign's, trying to distance her from him and throwing him under th bus and trying to reject omics. She went to I, think Pittsburgh, and gave this economic speech in which either Pittsburgh or Chicago, in which she didn't mention Biden nos. She did not pay tribute to Joe Biden for th fabulous Economy. That. He's given everyone So. He was angry about That, apparently. And Dr. Jill's angry as Well. Do, do you think It would be Po I mean? Kamala Harris has gotta be as controlled as Joe Biden was, correct? Oh, Same people. They're same people. You saw There was a letter like th dirty 51 Letter It was They I mean I got 251 people from th National Security establishment.


Some of them th same as th dirty 51. About eight or nine of them were th same, including Leon Panetta And. they just saying That That. Kamala Harris is th most competent commander-in-Chief That We, You have far superior to Donald Trump. And she's So unworthy of That. Incredible That. These people would put their reputations on th line. Leon Panetta, former c I director, former congressman from California, kind of an idiot I can say, since I know him, hard to believe he ran C I. but he is telling us That, Kamala Harris is th most qualified person to be president of the United States Yeah Yeah, far superior in every way to Donald Trump.


but if you'll Say That, then you'll say anything like It doesn't like, like That reality doesn't matter to you. Like That, Hunter, Biden's laptop is Russian disinformation. They just lie. And, they Get away with It and they're treated like, you know, eminent people. So, you're an Australian who's lived in the United States for many, many years. I think it's fair to say, not to speak for you, but you love America. I. Think I was born in America. I'm an American citizen. I was born in, is That true? I was born in Queens, New York, just like Donald Trump. Really? Yes. How? 'cause my Parler, I'm an anchor baby. Oh, nice. So. My parents were foreign coborn. My dad was a foreign correspondent, and They were in New York.


So, I spent my first two years here, So, but okay, So as an American citizen, yes. Who's lived in this country a long time, a Jewel national. One of those evil globalists Are you really got another passport, Yeah, you've can, And I grew up in a lot of countries. So. I'm sort of, I'm one of those people, well, you are Kind of rootless. I'm a globalist, rootless, cosmopolitan, Yeah, Yeah, So. but I want, I mean. Sometimes people who've lived a lot of places have a clearer perspective on this. if you have a country where nobody believes in, th leadership doesn't believe That, they're morally justified in what they're doing, doesn't believe they're telling th truth about anything, assumes That, their lips are moving, they're lying. You know, how does your country continue? Don't you need That trust to have a voluntary system?


Yeah a democracy? But, but look, America is th last country That, where There is some sort of freedom and some sort of hope. That, That, you know, th people can take back control of their government can. And I think that's because there's a, you know, residual feeling among Americans because of th revolution. Because They, They are untamable like Donald Trump. And they're sort of outlaws in a way. And also because of th th constitution, th first amendment, th second amendment, you know, That protects America from th sort of censorship That. We've seen descend on Europe and Australia and New Zealand, and, you know, I know from Australia, That, you know, people are like frogs in boiling water.


They don't actually realize what's happened, particularly since Covid. Covid, like Jane Fonda said, was a, a great boon to th left. She saw That very early on, and It allowed a lot of censorship initially about, you know, to save us our health because of Covid to stop naughty scientists like Jay Char and Marty McCarey telling th truth about Covid. That It wasn't actually as lethal as everyone said. And That masks made no difference. And, and, and That th vaccine was not needed for young people. And It was probably bad for them. So, all of That censorship.


That worked So Well when everyone was afraid, I think gave a green light to th bad guys in control allowed them to see That. Wow. We You, Do That in Covid. We can do whatever We like. And that's what's happened in Europe and Australian, you know, England and in America, It ha It We. See, It. th good thing is That. It's sort of, they've tried to do It And. they sort of succeeded. And I, I did th deep dive on th th laptop. And So It happened. There and It happened with Covid. Even memes about Jill Biden were being censored. but because of Elon Musk, because of th Twitter files and because enough Americans have woken up and are just I, don't know And there.


DNA They despise overlords. So. They're rejecting It and I. Think that's what this election is about. You know, you've got th untamable uncontrollable Donald Trump versus just another cipher of th blob. One of th reasons this moment is So bewildering is because it's So confusing what is going on. One of th reasons we're confused is because honest history is no longer taught in the United States, except in a few very small pockets. Unless you understand where ideas came from, why They were formed, why they're being spread, what happened in th past, it's very hard to understand what's happening right in front of you in your own country today.


We thought a lot about this th disappearance of honest history and We think We have found one place to find honest history to Get actually educated about what you're seeing happen in the United States in 2024. Th rot in our schools has blinded us to all of this. It all comes from a lack of education. And So We think We have an answer for That, and it's Hillsdale College. And Hillsdale College is an undergraduate institution. It offers graduate courses as well. but here's th point. It's accessible to you for free. You can Get an education from Hillsdale for free. Go to Tucker for hillsdale.com and sign up can costs you nothing. You can take online courses. Here's one That We strongly recommend. It's called Marxism Socialism and Communism. This doesn't cost you anything. It does not take a ton of time. It's six documentary style episodes. And It will help you understand what is happening to your country, because you'll understand where these ideas came from and what th plan is. th class can is Marxism, socialism and communism. It's taught by Hillsdale College. And you can Get It for free. Go to Tucker for hillsdale.com. Tucker for Hillsdale, h I, L-L-S-D-A-L e.com. And Get educated about your country.


What happened to you in 2020 would've been possible now with a, with an open ex No So. I. Do think Elon buying Twitter is, was a pivotal event in American history. And I still don't understand why he did It. Like why Do? You think he did It, I I kind of think It was a, a, a mistake in a way. Yes, he sort of said That. He sort of got, he It was a spur of th moment whim. And then if he You have got out of It, he probably would've, 'cause it's been a terrible burden for him. And he's now th target of So much sort of lawfare and deep state interference. And look, California's just stopped him from being able to set off some of his rockets.


I mean he, he's such a genius. He, he managed, you know, NASA needed him to rescue our astronauts. That should have been a huge scandal. That They had two astronauts up. There just abandoned And. they couldn't Get them back. Elon's th only person who You Get them back. He just had a rocket come back to Earth when That never happened before. And, you know, land back in th th th launcher or whatever It is. but I mean he's just brilliant. And So, they're trying to hobble him. He's hard to hobble. but I think he's public Enemy number one next to Trump. I mean as long as X is open, as long as you have truth telling or free speech at scale, like That, it's pretty hard to turn your country totalitarian.


Yes, So can They I mean, do you think? th People, you know, th John Brennans of th world, th Barack Obama is th world. People who do wanna make It Stalinist. Do people like That allow X to stay open? Well, see what they've done, which is clever, is That. Only half th country is sort of, has been red pilled and understands what's going on. And th other half of th country, which is th well educated part of th country, That lives in Washington and, you know, New York and San Francisco and places, and earn lots of money and think of themselves as being superior. What what's happened is That, they've been pitted against these tralo diets of th right.


You know, th ultra maga, th semi fascist as Joe Biden called Trump supporters, and So, Joe Biden did a very good job of dividing Americans against each other. And, there really is now just a, an accepted view of half of America as That. They're fat That, they're morally inferior. That. Really? We'd be better off without them. They're morally inferior. A hundred percent So Epstein's clients are calling other people morally inferior. Exactly. Yes. Incredible. Do you know any of them? Any of th th people you're describing? Well, I live among them. I mean I live in Manhattan. So I mean I.


See them I. Guess I'm not great friends with them, but They They, They I. Guess they're not our readers. Really. They're, they're not necessarily New York Post So is It your sense. That They have They have No idea what's actually happening. No They really didn't think Joe Biden had dementia before That debate. Well They really thought th covid vx stopped. Covid Yeah I I Do. Think That th People, you know, They are So ignorant and naive. You see It when, like Martha Ratts interviewing JD Vance I think she genuinely thought to herself, what's a few apartment complex? There's a handful of apartment complexes being taken over by Venezuelan gangs of illegal migrants.


Big deal I mean she really, that's th way They. Think. It's not That. They're making It up. It's just That They live in this bubble, because They didn't really know That There was an illegal migrant invasion going on because th New York Times, th Washington person never told them. And it's not in Bethesda. It should be in Bethesda. Yeah It kind of Yeah. It's creeping around. I mean it's in New York. It's very hard to ignore It now in New York. but th clever thing They do about That is They They conflate migrant They. just call 'em migrants. So That It looks like Donald Trump is anti-immigration, which he's not. He's what he is, is anti-illegal immigration. And when you have 10 to 15 million, maybe more illegal migrants, That you haven't vetted as, as Clinton, just let th cat outta th bag th other day come to rape and murder and pillage and take over apartment complexes in Aurora, Colorado.


I mean that's a huge problem. And that's something That th New York Times, th Washington Post kept from their readers. So They So So, while conservatives or Trump supporters We know Every night We know reality, because We know th real reality via X and, and sort of fringe conservative publications like th New York Post. But we also know their reality because it's forced on us. We have to live And there. Reality I mean, maybe not in Northern Maine, but certainly if you live in New York or LA or anywhere, Chicago, you know, you, you are aware of th th contempt with which these people hold conservatives and Trump supporters and, and That.


but They don't They live And there bubble. They're not aware of reality. Like th migrant invasion. They're not really probably aware of Joe Biden's senility. Because, because, you know, when those videos are shown endlessly on Hannity, for instance, of Joe Biden bumbling around getting lost on a stage, all those things falling upstairs, They don't really see those And. they were They were trained into thinking That. Anyone who shows those, it's, it's false. It's what was That fake word? They had like cheap fakes. Fakes, cheap fakes, Yeah, cheap fakes, So. They're So naive and So propagandized. but th journalists themselves are, and you see th CNN panels now, where this Kentucky Republican called Scott Jennings goes on and kind of red pills them.


And they're all just astounded That. He's telling them just these basic things, That, That, any normal Are happening. And there country. but They have No sense of It because they're all in Newton Mass, or Yeah Martha's Vineyard or whatever, And, they only consume th media. That propagandize them and keeps them in th darkly So. They're all cut off. I mean, they're what Yeah th hippies used to accuse their parents of being. They're totally out of touch. They're just elitist living exactly. Living in a bubble. Wealth, Yeah Yeah, nothing affects them, But So, why wouldn't I mean a fair country forth Martha Ratts to live in an MS 13 controlled housing project for a few years? Well, She probably will soon I mean that's what's gonna, that's th effect of this invasion.


It's It. Every single part of America eventually is going to be including All over th state of Maine for, for th record, really filled, filled with African immigrants. Yeah filled th cities are filled. I have no idea. Oh, absolutely. Yeah. And since they've Been flying Immediately, you know, falling apart, displacing th people who were born There. Oh, Yeah landlords are paid to give preference to non-citizens from Africa over American citizens, right? In, in housing, not just public housing, but just in any housing in, in th state of Maine Yeah. And that's true in, in rural places around th country. th country's is th worst thing that's ever happened in the United States, including th Civil War. And people just Yeah are kind of ignoring It.


Well, Springfield, Ohio, That was th genius of Donald Trump. Yes, they're eating th cats. They're eating th pets. I mean and It became memes. And, and you know, th fact Checkers That, New York Times, Washington Post, just very angry with him for telling lies. And, they went searching for cats. That were eaten and claimed There were none. but th brilliance of That. One line was It just brought th focus on Springfield, Illinois and other towns, Springfield, Ohio and other towns like It. That have been inundated secretly in th dead of night with plane loads of illegal migrants brought from th border like We tracked them into Westchester We. Were pretty much th only media That were There at three in th morning at Westchester Airport, watching these plane loads of illegals arrive and Get put into buses.


That had their names blanked out and just driven off to th Tri-state area dropped off at, you know, truck stops on th New Jersey turnpike and taken away by God knows who, and That was happening. That was th summer of 21, and That was happening all over th country, and has been majorca's orchestrated this amazed kind of infiltration of every corner of th country. You can almost see him with a map looking at like red areas and going, ha ha ha, I'm gonna literally facilitating th movement of human beings through th Darien gap up through Latin America into the United States Myas himself doing That So And flying them in as well.


Like from, oh, of course, So So. Now, They tell you, you can't say That. They're illegal migrants. You Get FactCheck to death. They are illegal, but it's just That. They've been given this humanitarian parole. That makes them They can't be deported. So, they're still illegal, but they're in this sort of netherworld, That th Biden administration has created So. That They can pretend That th illegal migration invasion has sort of slowed down. Yep. Total destruction of th country. It's hard to even think about It. It's So distressing with such a nice place. So. How, okay, So. Joe Biden, we're right in th middle of this So. It's hard to Get perspective on Biden, and he's kind of fallen outta th headlines because th party decided That, he was no longer useful.


And, they replaced him. but how will history understand Biden, do you think? Well, I hope, That th mythology That Joe Biden built for himself over 50 years is completely punctured. He did have, like several of these pet historians used to come to th White House all th time and whisper sweet nothing's in his ear, and tell him he was th second coming of fdr. R So They were Yeah. Whatever happened to th There was a, a kid from new kid. He's my age, who used to be th editor of Newsweek, particularly. Oh, he's anxious little tote from Yeah. What's His name? Tennessee. Yes. He's an Episcopalian. I Know That. I. Remember That, because I am too, just awful little creepy guy.


Yeah, He's one of them. But So, here's th He's a speech Writer. That's exactly right. And he was a journalist. Yeah Yeah. Do you think, let me just just pause really quick. You, you think when someone like It shows up to tell Joe Biden, who's effectively an, an intellectual invalid That, you know, you are parles You can Churchill, like, do you think They believe That? No, but I mean what Access They have. They're just almost giddy. You see them on M-S-N-B-C, they're just giddy with their own self-importance. Because who gets invited like eight times to th White House? I? Think They go into his residence and he just loves It. Like, tell me more about myself and how consequential they're I.


Don't know. I've been invited more than eight times. th White House. I've never kissed anybody's ass. I. Don't I don't understand th impulses. You, you are uncontrollable. No, but I'm not I feel like I'm pretty moderate, sensible person, but I I don't know I'm an adult man. I don't wanna sniff. but You don't live on Prestige thrown. No. That's all They have They want. They want prestige. They wanna be It's So low. Yes, Do, you Think disgusting It Like you've got children. What do They think of you? but as you're telling Joe Biden, he's impressive. Like, how, how does your family respect you? if you talk like That, I Don't under I, don't I, don't Get It. Well, They probably don't. Well I think that's probably right. Yeah. Sorry, I interrupted you. Yeah. No, it's fascinating. They, they're gross.


Those, those historians, but I, I think I think ultimately, That There is enough. You know, th republicans Even those, they're criticized. John Meacham is th Name John Meacham. That's him. Yeah. th tiny little man in Sta He's archetype and spirit Yeah. It's just a per, and it's interesting, I, remember I knew him, sort of 'cause I think we're born th same year in 1969. I'm pretty sure. And I remember in th nineties being at some event, some party Tina Brown's house in New York, and he was There, and he was like th editor of Newsweek. And I remember thinking, wow, that's a pretty amazed job, Yeah for a man who's not even 30. He maybe maybe 30.


And, and then I realized over time, getting to I, spent more time with him. He just, all he did was kiss ass. That's It. That was like, his whole gig was just sucking up Yeah and It. It's, it's not good to have a system where that's rewarded. He would've been in his elemented at Tina Brown party in Manhattan. I know I shouldn't Well. I mean I was 29. Myself. I Yeah. That's my excuse. But Newsweek is not what It used to be. I mean. I think he but barely exists. He presided over th fag. End of It. Yes. I. Don't think, you know, They would've put anyone And there. And It wasn't as It seemed prestigious at th time, but It wasn't really a prestigious role Role. When you say he presided with th fag, end of It. What? What Do You mean Just th end.


Just th end. Okay. just th end. Sorry, I'm not Coming. There, So So Biden We had this period, like maybe a year ago when people were telling us That Biden was a true statesman. Probably th greatest president We ever had sharp as attack. And then in one day, back in June, It became clear. That was all a lie. And like this guy couldn't even find his way back to his bedroom. Except when he You. Except when he You Yeah Well. Let me ask you about That. What was That I mean? Do you, So We went in one day from, you know, having to listen to Morning Joe, tell us how brilliant he was to Morning Joe admitting That, he was demented, was That a setup.


M just think That. When Pelosi and Schumer and whoever is behind things decided That, he was a liability. Joe Biden, because he was not popular. He couldn't win th election. Trump was trouncing him in th polls So. And he's just repellent. You know, people got to know him and realized, That th mythology of Joe Biden as honest Joe, middle class Joe from Scranton, all of That was a lie. That. He's actually an incredibly prideful, boastful like pathological liar. I mean th We saw That with th plagiarism, but also just those self-aggrandizing stories.


He tells all th time about, you know, he's There with ne Nelson Mandela. Like every big historic thing That happened. He's in th center of It. He's very much like Tim Wal in That way, So people came to see That and see how ridiculous he was. And also, th worst I think was just how nasty he is. And I think, you know, he's lost That filter in his brain. That stops him from lo from publicly losing his temper. I'm sure at home he was losing his temper and a lot with his, you know, and I think that's partly Hunter's problem. but We saw That on stage. And you know, when he's wagging his finger and, and snarling about ultra maga I, think that's not very American.


Americans seem to me to be very cordial, generous spirited people. And I think That who, Who have affection for each other, who have Affection for each other. Yeah very much So and I. Think That congeniality to me, is one of th striking aspects of America that's quite different from other English speaking countries. I've been in So and So, just So. He, Biden is sort of th opposite of That. He really is, although he's picked, pitched to sort of Mr. America I, think he's very un-American in a lot of ways. And he is very admiring of people like Anthony Blinker, europhiles.


He's not like That, he's not well educated. but he really admires those State Department types who, you know, are Patricia and went to finishing school in Switzerland, and he does, and went to school in Yeah, Anthony Blinken. Well, Anthony Blinken went to school in Paris, as We know, right? But he finds That impressive. Oh, Yes, very Much insecure son of a car dealer. Yeah So easily won by dumb affectations. Like I mean Blinken is like a, an Idiot. And look at th way he dresses. Who? Joe Biden. He remember Kitty Kelly did this incredibly insightful interview with th young senator just after he came to Washington, just after his wife and, and baby daughter were killed in a car crash.


That Hunter was in and was injured in. And Joe Biden's There in his office, and she described him as dressing like th great Gatsby, like very elaborate, very expensive clothes, and boasting about his, like, sex life with his ex-wife, with his for, sorry, his dead wife saying, you know, all th guys were jealous of me. 'cause We had th best sex. And, and then saying all these, Wait, he said, That out loud, Yeah. Oh, you, you have to read this Kitty Kelly piece. It's So Illuminating I I quoted huge chunks of It in laptop from hell. It's brilliant. And, and then he talks about all these women are throwing themselves at him, and then he does this other boast.


'cause he grew up just admiring th Kennedys Catholics like him Democrats. And he just, he tried to recreate th Kennedy compound. He used to go to Nantucket, rather Martha's Vineyard. if you look at his political career, he is really modeled It very much on th Kennedy clan. And he wanted to have a, you know, th Kennedy kind of dynasty So, his son Bo was supposed to be th next generation, and sadly, he died of brain cancer. but Joe Biden I think just in That interview shows who he really is. And it's quite a disgusting portrayal of himself. And he, he talks about th Kennedy's and he says, rose Kennedy's calling me all th time inviting me for dinner, but I'm too busy.


Th that's just unbelievable. So It sounds like I mean you really spent a long time learning about, reading, about doing interviews about Joe Biden. How does your view of him change th more you learned? Well, I mean, initially I used to like him. 'cause I thought, gosh, he's a moderate Democrat. Yeah, he's a Democrat. That I You live with me too, too. Like, he's great. And I I went full circle. I, find him deeply dishonest, deeply flawed I, think he was a terrible father. You do Yeah. How? Well you see th product? Yes. Right? Well, fair. And both his children, Hunter and Ashley have proven like they've admitted drug problems.


And I, think Hunter was a motherless boy. His mother had been killed. And Joe Biden had just got this huge job in Washington, th opportunity of his lifetime. He wasn't gonna give That up to stay home with his two motherless boys. So, he went to, he said, oh, you know, I was going to, but then people talked me out of It ha and So, he goes to dc he gets immediately adopted by all these grand poo bars of th party, because their wives were telling them, oh, this poor everyone, th whole of America, their heartstrings were tugged by this tragedy of this young widow I, mean It was a terrible tragedy. but Joe Biden exploited It in th most cynical fashion, just That photograph, which when I first saw It, I was like everyone else.


Like m just felt desperately sad for these two little bandage boys in th hospital bed in th foreground of th photographs where Joe Biden's being sworn in as senator by their bedside just after his wife's been killed. And you think to yourself, wow. but then when you see other photographs pulled back, and you see That hospital room is full of just dozens and dozens of photographers and reporters and Every night, and th kids look quite distressed as They would be. And why did he do It There? Why didn't he Get sworn in, in th corridor outside, you know, or somewhere else he did It because he knew th power of That image. And It was brilliant, and he used It in every campaign since.


but it's cynical. And to be able to have th presence of mind to do That tells you a little bit about how ruthless he is and how fixated on power he is. And I think That was, you know, I. Think That was th experience for Hunter. And you see That in a lot of th private, you know, which I read. but I didn't publish a lot of It. but th th musings, he's quite a good writer. He's highly intelligent, I think more intelligent than his father. At least he's not I. Think Joe Biden's probably illiterate I mean you from th little bit of writing That he's done on th laptop. He doesn't spell. He's, he's got That trademarks, spelling problems, That, you know, boys who never learned to read have and So I think Joe's probably cleverer than We think, but he just is illiterate.


Like he can't read very Well C combined, really? Yeah I think that's why he has such a problem with like, th worst thing, you You Do to Joe Biden is put him in front of a teleprompter. And I think, yes, I mean cognitively. He slipped, but also I don't think he, like you. Notice when he comes across words, That are long or complicated, or like people's surnames, That, you can't guess. He's, he just can't do them. So. And you know, I mean, I've done a lot of stories about phonics. You know, th failure of kids to be taught prop, especially boys, especially clever boys who They have dyslexia or something.


It's really That. A third of boys will never learn to read by That. Look and say That guessing way. They have to be taught to sound things out by phonics and I. Think when Joe Biden was being taught by th nuns, They just didn't teach him That way. So, a lot of boys of his era slipped under th cracks. And So and I think he was clever enough to be able to Get by, by memory and cunning. He, he's renowned as not really reading his briefs. You know, he, he can be, he can be told something and remember It, but you look at him in, in those Senate hearings, he just fly by. th he just talks nonsense. In, In, in th text and emails on Hunter's laptop.


How does he come across? How does he come across? There's not a lot of him, it's just, just a shadow of him. He, he cares about Hunter, but he cares about him. He's, he's absent until he's about to announce That. He's running for president, and then he really cares about Hunter, like, where are you? We've gotta Get your drugs under control, sort of thing. And dispatched his brother to go and put Hunter in rehab. And th reason Hunter was So angry in April of 2019 when he abandoned his laptop, was because he felt That, his family, Joe, although he doesn't say It to Joe, threw him under th bus, and he blames Joe's staff.


but It was really Joe, because There was a Maureen endowed column. That Hunter was particularly enraged about, which was basically saying, That, Joe Biden's running for president, but th big albatross around his neck is his loser son, Hunter, who's a drug addict. And Hunter was furious. And that's where all those texts and emails come out, That. He says, you know, I've supported this family for years. I've given half my salary to dad. You know, how, how dare you all treat me with such disrespect? He was absolutely furious. And his relationship with his father is So complicated because he adores him as his only parent after his mother was killed.


but he also is like, he's just his hostage, because There is no mother knows somebody who loves you more than, than he love That. They love Joe. That loves th child and So. He was sort of a, a victim of Joe Biden's selfishness and whims and th entire Biden family. So Joe's sister, Val moved in to take care of th boys after Joe left. Joe said he was commuting Every night from, from Washington on Amtrak. but I'm told that's not really true. That, when he did come home, That th boys were already in bed. So, maybe he had breakfast with them th next morning, but he wasn't a president dad.


but Val was fantastic. His sister really sacrificed her first marriage to look after those boys. And Hunter regards her as his real mother. And then Jewel Biden comes into th picture a few years later, and she's sort of th mean stepmother. That, That, Hunter doesn't Get on with Bo got on with her because Bo was th perfect child, golden head boy. but Hunter was like a little bit A-D-H-D-A little bit rebellious, bit naughty, and used to Get in trouble and I think That didn't work with Jill and So. He and Jill had a difficult relationship. And So, you know, I I think Hunter loved his father, but also deeply resented him and resented th fact That Joe put Bo th older brother by one year and one day on a pedestal, and saw Bo as being, you know, th th inheritor of th Biden Dynasty political dynasty.


And Hunter was sort of th spare. That was supposed to go out and earn th money. That would allow Joe and Bo to be clean politically. So Hunter wanted to be an artist or a novelist. And he's quite a good artist and quite a good writer. but he wasn't allowed to. He had to go and work for his father's, you know, donors in Delaware in this really boring job in his credit card company, and BNA for an hugely inflated salary. That allowed him to pay off his Yale Law School and Georgetown University fees, but also BS University tuition. So, That Joe, He paid off his brother's student loans.


Yeah, So. Joe never had to put his hand in his pocket for anything. And that's where people miss th point of how Joe benefited. That's amazed. Hunter Biden paid Bose College tuition. Yeah, he complains about It to his Aunt Val. He said, dad didn't pay a penny. That's amazed. Yeah So. He has every right to be resentful about That. I. Think I, think So, Yeah, So. It's th youngest son's th workhorse paying for th pretty lavish lifestyles and political careers of his older brother and dad. Exactly.


And Joe knew That, and he knew That Hunter had a, at least a substance abuse problem. That was evident. I mean he was arrested at 18 for cocaine, right? And led off So. He had this problem, Joe knew about It, and yet Joe allowed him to take, you know, millions of dollars in unaccountable cash, which was to a drug addict, just an impossible temptation. Hunter actually says That in his memoir. He says, That th barisma money. When It was coming in $83,000 a month, That just sent him into a complete spin, fell off th wagon. And what kind of a loving father does That to his addicted son?


It? My read on It is That Joe does love his son, but in a kind of Narcissistic Yes, infantile way, exactly narcissistic way, where it's all about th reflected glory of his son. Mm, but not really about th son Yeah. And that's hard if you're a sensitive person. Well, it's awful, Yeah. It's absolutely awful. And Hunter was a legit drug addict. Yeah, you know, tormented by th desire to be high all th time. Yeah and So. What role does Jill, Dr. Pardon me in Dr. Jill play in all this? Well, she seemed, actually, in one way, I thought she was a bad wife. Like, unlike Nancy Reagan, who was always at her husband's side to make sure That, he didn't Get humiliated I, couldn't understand why Jill Biden wasn't There with Joe when he was getting lost on stage and just looking like a full on camera.


She should have been more president, but she wasn't in a lot of ways, because she was out on th campaign trail herself. She was taking Air Force one to Paris, and, you know, just doing her own campaigning, supposedly campaigning. but she loved It I. Think she loves th glory. She's got this Factum working for her. Anthony can't remember his name. He's a sort of gay, one of those sort of men. That attaches themselves to, He's sort of gay or, or pretty gay I. Think he's pretty gay. Yeah Yeah. And he's, but he's, he's Joe's Every night. She calls him her work husband, and she, he's made himself invaluable to her, and sounds Totally healthy and normal.


Yeah your wife takes off for Paris and Air Force home with some gay dude while you're stumbling around, lost on stage. Well, At least you know, she's not having an affair with him. No, No, of course, right? Every palace has Unix Yeah, but It's just I. Think he's very powerful behind th scenes Yeah. And he was involved at th very end when Joe was trying to clinging onto power. He and Hunter were There in th inner sanctum So and I. Think maybe he's part of th reason why Joe is So like such an LGBT champion, you know, partly to sort of curry favor with his wife's favorite person. It sounds like th sickest environment imaginable.


Like there's no healthy relationships, there's no honesty, there's no peace. I mean That. That's what you're describing. Yeah. It seems terribly unhealthy, terribly dysfunctional family, which is ironic because Joe's always created this mythology. That So, many people have bought That. They have got th closest family in th world. That, he's th best father in th world. And it's just this tragic, you know, circumstance. That Hunter has a DNA predisposition to be a drug addict, nothing to do with his upbringing. And yet, Donald Trump is treated like a complete monster. And all th Every night I've observed about his interactions with his adult children is positive.


And his grandchildren like They, adore him in a genuine way, not in a fearful fake way. They really have a good relationship. And I don't think people see That as much. I think th campaign's, trying to show a few videos of th grandkids. but It just seems very natural to me, his interaction with his family. Did you, in all of your reporting on Biden, detect core beliefs? No, other than power for himself, self aggrandizement, power No, no core beliefs. He, he was adopted early on by th people who gave him his core beliefs. And That was That.


He was basically a war monger. I mean he was into, you know, enlarging NATO in being pugilistic about Yugoslavia. You know, he wanted to bomb Yugoslavia. He, He and We did. I'm really glad We did. It was I think very important to kill all those people in Yugoslavia. Any idea why We did That 30 years later? Does anyone even remember That? No idea. I bought th lies actually at th time. It Was wrong. I never understood what They were. I was So confused by That. Something about Sloan Melvich being bad. I. Remember George W. Bush was going in about Sloan Melvich always mispronouncing his name, but I remember thinking, I'm sure he is bad, you know, foreigner or whatever, but why was he bad?


And why should I care? No one ever explained what was That do We know? No I don't know. I bought th same lies, That, everyone else did back then. I believed That, he was It, Killed a ton of Christians over There th Healer, Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. No, it's been a dreadful disaster. I mean It still is for That part of th world. And Joe Biden just wanted to bomb them like he was So. He was way out, There. And he'd go on NBC and So on and say, just bomb them all. That was what he was like. And I don't think It was I mean. He, he was just taking his marching orders and or not. His marching orders, his agenda. And then he just, like, with Every night goes too far. but, you know, he's been at th center of a lot of bad policy, foreign policy for America from th beginning and from, for a guy that's not very, as is ignorant, really about th world, he's now put up as some sort of foreign policy guru.


Back in 2000 I, think It was, he was instrumental in getting th World Trade Organization to accept China, which was detrimental to America, hollowed out America's manufacturing and middle class. And That was something during th Clinton administration, That, bill Clinton didn't want, Republicans wanted It. but th Democrats, Joe Biden had to twist th arms of his Democrat colleagues in th senate to Get It over th line, just and convince Bill Clinton So. But It was Bush who signed It, Eventually 2000 Yeah. but That was done in th Clinton years. And th and It was, th th th Democrat Senators That were instrumental in having, if They had stuck to their guns, That would never have been signed, and China would never have been.


And Biden whipped That, he led th Yeah support for It. Yeah. I never realized until I looked back at It and I thought, wow, interesting So. And because I don't think my thesis is, he doesn't have any core beliefs, then That must have been his sort of marching orders. I Dunno if you call It marching orders, but th suggestions, That th people who, who he owed his career to gave to him was We want China in th wto O So. He just goes about making It happen in he was very persuasive. I mean he was very powerful in th senate for many years, which is a terrible indictment of th senate. Yeah I mean he's There. Are a lot of people like That still in th senate, you know, a lot.


Well, he was best friends with Mitch McConnell. Well, I don't think his, his politics and Mitch McConnells are identical. Yeah, I mean Mitch McConnell will be and I think Mitch McConnell's. Slightly creepier even than Biden in person. but Is That possible I? Think Mitch McConnell's pretty darn creepy. Oh, Yeah an even weirder personal life. this not Yeah Yeah. No, he looks like a snapping turtle. Not his fault. but I always liked him. He, he, he gave beautiful speeches. Oh, he's very smart. Yeah McConnell's, very legitimately smart. Oh, there's No doubt about It, and he's been great on a bunch of topics, but he's voting for Kamala Harris. There's no doubt in my mind, Yeah. That's interesting. That. He was close to McConnell, huh? So, you didn't really see any redeeming qualities to Biden's career?


None. No. I think if he'd never exist, well, They would've found someone else. That's th problem. I think he was th perfect cipher because he came in So Young to th senate, you know, he was 29 when he accidentally won against a, an old time Republican in Delaware. In fact, a guy called, his name was Caleb j Boggs. And th irony is That. When Hunter Biden went and was convicted in That gun trial, gun felony trial in June in Delaware, he It was done in th ca Caleb j Boggs courthouse Amazed Yeah. So Boggs was a huge, you know, he was a, a huge influence in Delaware.


So It was really a David versus Goliath. Operation That. Joe Biden just fluked by a few thousand votes. And th story that's told is That, he did It because th teamsters Union staged a strike of th trucks. That, were taking th newspaper out with th with bogs th final weekend. Bogs had this huge double page slamming Joe for some sort of corrupt dealings. And, and That was gonna damage Joe maybe would've swung th election. but th Teamsters successfully stopped those trucks with those newspapers going out. It's equivalent of th 2020 It. just Thinking th exact same thing. Yeah, right? So. That's th 1972 version of, of taking th laptop story off social media.


Exactly. He's an expert at It. Amazed. Isn't It So Do you ever fear? You know, when you and I are gone and our generation is gone, That, our great grandchildren will be reading stories about what a hero Joe Biden is, And there, history books. They probably will, because, especially I think part of th quid pro quo for him going quietly for Kamala was That. He gets a presidential library. And you can imagine th sicker fancy that's gonna go on in That Library about what a great man he is. So I. Think That, but I think there's enough on th public record, particularly James Comer who gets trashed a lot.


'cause he didn't do enough They say in th impeachment inquiry, but he actually managed to put on th record a lot of evidence to show That. Joe Biden was involved in th family's influence peddling scheme. That, this is where th money went. That There were two, $250,000 checks, 10% of a couple of deals. That, Jim Biden and Hunter were involved in That went to Joe Biden. That were were th check memos as It was a loan repayment. And that's what Joe Biden maintains. And James Comer was never able to prove otherwise. So We have to give Joe Biden th benefit of th doubt There. However, It is part of a pattern of money.


th money trail and how It gets to th Biden family, 10% for th big guy, you know, That deal never happened. but I think It probably reflected th way Hunter's sort of businesses worked. That Joe would Get something. Joe Hunter was certainly paying for some of Joe's maintenance and upkeep on his Delaware estate. And Joe leaves And th estate is not too strong. It's a former DuPont house, enormous house That Hunter grew up in. Yes, With th Ballroom, Yeah. And then I know from having friends and relatives in That town, Greenville, Delaware, That, he never paid any of th workmen. No, you know, stiff th firewood guy and th landscaper and th caterer and, you know, they're always after him for money.


Really screwed th little guy consistently and was famous in th neighborhood for doing That. It's incredible. Isn't It? It is, well, It is incredible. It's very low. th lowest. but how did he, I always wondered, how did he afford to live in a 12,000 square foot house on a Senate salary? Well, he will tell you, he was just lucky with real estate and So all th way through even became, He, he is just th donors, you know, like he, they'd buy his houses at a, for an inflated cost and he'd buy houses for lower cost. Same with Hunter. Hunter bought places, same thing. And just There was just a magic carpet ride for him.


Whatever transaction That he entered into, he was looked after. And So th house he has now, he built from scratch, custom built beautiful tradesmen from Philadelphia. That built th best mansions. And it's, you remember when during th 2020 election, he was always mocked for being in his basement? Well, and you saw th basement a little bit. That basement is th most magnificent hand, custom built wood paneled, mahogany grand study library with books everywhere, pieces of his historic furniture, That, he's bought from th White House. You know, he's, he's, you You hear th honking geese outside in th lake.


'cause it's a lakefront property. He used to call It th lake house, but I think people teased him about It. 'cause it's a very small, manmade pond. Really? So. Now, he, he doesn't call It a lake anymore. He goes, oh, no, it's not a lake, it's just a pond, but gorgeous house. And it's got a swimming pool and a boat jetty and a cottage for th you know, th secret service to stay in. It's all what a poser. What a poer, what a hollow man. Absolutely. With massive social anxiety. Mm. That's th pathetic thing, actually. Yes. It's quite, it's al almost sad. but I mean he's done So much damage to So. Many people. I can't feel sorry for him. I, I I.


Love how resolute you are in your opinions of Joe Biden, since you're one of th only people in America who has th right to those opinions. Because you, you know, more than anybody about Biden. Well, Hunter probably has more, but you know, being a son You can sort of brainwashed from a very early age. It's hard. It's hard. Yeah Yeah and, and a child with one parent, of course, clings desperately to That parent no matter what th parent's like. Yes. And that's just, just th way It is. Yes. What happens to Hunter? Oh, he'll, Get pardoned. Okay, So, he's been convicted on Gun felonies in Delaware, and also he pleaded guilty on th first day of th trial in California in September to these various tax felonies, all of which, well, certainly th tax felonies should carry a jail sentence.


but he, he's to be sentenced on both of those after th election. And Even those. Joe Biden has said, oh, no, I will never pardon my son. He said, That once. And he didn't really say It very vigorously. He was just asked in a I think a CBS interview, and he just, he said, We, use Pardon your son. He goes, no. And That was It after That, th White House has, has been vigorous at, oh, no, he th president said he won't Do It. He won't do It have no doubt. That, he's going to pardon Hunter, you know, as anybody. Would I mean really? If It was your son, would you want him to go to jail? So I'd pardon my son in a second. of course, Course everybody would. And, and, and therefore, Joe Biden will Get away with It.


Yes. Like everyone will say, th media will say, oh, you know, This is our, it's his only surviving son. How can you blame him? If anyone criticizes It, they'll be called cruel and heartless So, of course, So Joe Biden's gonna Get away with I, mean probably not for eternity, will he Get away with It. but for th here and now he's get way with It Yeah. but I think his reputation has been damaged. And now people know. Well, th evidence is There for people to know th truth about Joe Biden and any honest historian is going to include th fact That. He really sold out th country. And you, you can look at his presidency and his attitude towards China, and how he unwound a lot of th Trump era Get tough on China policies.


Some of them inexplicable, like for instance, even Christopher Ray th c I, th FB I director has complained bitterly about th fact. That Biden dismantled this very good program in th universities. That was supposed to stop China stealing American intellectual property, spying on, on our academic institutions. Yeah and th research universities, Yeah, Yeah and I, mean There have been academics. That have gone to jail through this program and been busted. And Chinese s Aspirings have been busted. And for some unknown reason, There was nothing positive for America about dismantling It. Joe Biden quietly dismantled It.


It's bizarre. Well, th only way. And It was defensive, not offensive. We were trying to protect ourselves from th theft, hundred percent of research. And I've asked why. What possible justification is That And? they said, oh, It was racist because, 'cause It was targeting Chinese. Really? Yeah it's racist. Yeah, just like calling th Wuhan virus saying It came from China was racist. It wasn't. but that's what They tagged Donald Trump with Just to, without getting can too sidetracked. but really quickly, It seems like That virus was created in th Wuhan lab in part with US tax dollars. Oh, yes. I mean I. Think I don't know.


That It was deliberately released at all. I think That was an accident. but a hundred percent EcoHealth Alliance run by this absolutely repellent man. Englishman called Peter dk. He ran this weird little company. That has an office in Manhattan, but really does no research of its own. but It gets these massive grants from darpa, which is basically an arm of th Department of Defense. And that's what It lived on and It and, and what he did, EcoHealth Alliance with th help of Antony Fauci was bypass th Obama era moratorium on gain of function, That Frankenstein research on viruses.


And he funneled basically this DARPA money, us taxpayer money through to th Wuhan Institute of Health, where he co-authored some papers, Even those. He's an idiot. but he co-authored papers with th bat Lady There and th scientist. And, you know, all these fantastic whistleblowers who've come out on from th scientific community have pinpointed That th work That They did on th viruses where They humanized used humanized mice to make th virus more lethal to humans. That was all occurring in That lab, and It was a very low security bio lab.


Unlike if That kind of research is done in America, It would've been done at a higher level. Even, those, there's still th risk of leakage. but in That, Wuhan lab, of course, It was gonna leak. And So It was just a disaster waiting to happen. And It was done because Anthony Fauci was So antagonistic to th group of scientists who were sounding th alarm about gain of function research. Anthony Fauci loves gain of function research. He thought That was gonna make him immortal. That They, were gonna find th vaccine for viruses, right? And So, and he, you know, There are photographs of him with Dik. There are emails. That have been uncovered of him with Dik They. You know, They were, It was obviously a subservient relationship on Dks part.


He worshiped Fauci, but Fauci was friendly with him. And Fauci says he doesn't know anything about these DARPA grants. but someone who work, who's, who's used to work with fou, with Daik at EcoHealth Alliance and left sort of under a cloud, he's become a form of a whistleblower. I I don't, I've talked to him a little bit. I'm not a hundred percent certain of how valid he is, but this is what he says. He says, That th c I a approached Peter Daik about sort of helping them because he was So embedded with th Chinese and th Wuhan lab apparently was some sort of military research was going on.


There So, you You understand th c I A wants to have some sort of eyes and ears, and DK would've been useful. And DK So, while this whistleblower didn't personally see th c I a approach, DK asked him Bat It a couple of times, and, and he and th whistleblower believes That Dik did end up working sort of as an informant for th c I. A Amazed and can Sure, we'll never know. You know, th truth about a lot of what you just said, but what We do know, I think conclusively is That. It came from That lab. It was loosed on th world. And as th Biden administration never ceased telling us millions died. Yes, So, whether It was intentional or I, would think I agree with you, probably more likely It was an accidental.


Either way, It happened because of something That China did. How come th Biden administration has never pushed China to pay reparations? th the United, States or any other country for what That virus did? Well, I can only assume it's because They know That They are complicit and That. As long as They don't push China too hard, president Xi is not gonna say, well, hey, you know, It was your Pentagon money. That That paid for this research, and It was your Peter Dik friend of Anthony Fauci, who encouraged th bat lady to do That particular research. So, I think it's mutually assured destruction like They. Both just don't say anything and It goes away.


And I'm sure that's in part why Donald Trump's administration didn't really push That hard. And because it's th same people in charge at th c I, a and th State Department, and th Pentagon who know That They didn't deliberately Do this, but It was their, you know, incompetence, sloppiness, whatever. Recklessness That unleashed this virus on th world. And America doesn't wanna have its fingerprints on It and I. Think th fingerprints are There. We've seen enough already has, you know, in Congress, There have been some good politicians who've pushed on this, and there's been enough FO I material that's come out to show That.


There was certainly, EcoHealth was being funded. So, you don't, It doesn't take much to follow th trail. Plus Peter DK is So protected. I mean where he lives, sort of in th woods just outside of New York. Any, any reporters who go There immediately. th cops are There. Like they're, they're protecting him. He's been really I I had he How? Do I Get That th protection. Yeah. No, you won't. Get That. Oh, Yeah, I've Noticed you're th enemy So. Okay, since you have, this is my last question, but since you've got such an amazed recall, a remarkable memory for details and people I've really known, very few people with recall, like yours, m just one more thread I'd like to sort of tie into a bow, and that's th whistleblowers Who did business with Hunter Biden?


What happened to them? So That would be Tony Bobinski and Devin Archer Yeah I I mean they're really th heroes of this story. Tony Bobinski was working with Hunter on th last th big China deal. That ended up falling over. Hunter and his uncle Jim Biden got I. Think about $20 million out of That deal after They, sort of shafted Bobinski and their other partners, basically for doing nothing. but Bob Balinsky is sort of a self-made man, and So, he's quite protected. Like he has his own money. He doesn't owe anything to anybody.


He's a former, you know, naval nuclear rocket instructor, nuclear submarine instructor. He's a pretty tough guy, and he knows a lot of tough guys who protect him. So, I think he's been okay. Devon Archer, on th other hand, he, he's a lovely man, and I've got to know both of them. And I call them friends. Now they've become friends. They have this beautiful bromance, They never knew each other before, and now they're just rock solid friends because they've suffered both of them at th hands of th bidens. Deon more So because he was Hunter's best friend. They met at Yale. Hunter called him my best friend in business. They went into business together.


Deon did all th work, and Hunter was sort of brought in as, as th sort of th Biden name in th end. They did a deal. That went sour. And th southern District of New York charged Deon with fraud over That deal. Hunter was deemed not to have been involved. Even, those Hunter was I. Think vice chairman of th company, he'd earned $200,000. Deon had lost millions of dollars. Devin was th one who ended up basically going to trial. He was convicted and then acquitted, or his th th conviction was overturned by th judge who found That.


He was honest and found That. He'd been unjustly treated, and then That was overturned. So So, he's been going through I, think about eight years of sheer hell where he hasn't been able to earn money. He has a close family. know this, supported him. He's remained remarkably optimistic, but he's facing jail. I mean he You go to jail like I think for a year and one day. And that's while Hunter Biden has escaped. Scot-free with Every night. That Hunter's done. There's always been this invisible hand that's reached out and and rescued him from peril while all around him, all his business partners went broke, went to jail, died, disappeared.


Hunter just is like th character in a, you know, a disaster movie where all th cards blow up, And there, one man runs through th flames, and you know, he's like That. He's th roadrunner of you Do Get th sense. He's not gonna escape, though. I mean he must be in rough. Sh I haven't seen him in a while, long while, but he must be in rough shape. You can't put yourself through That kind of life without destroying a lot of your brain. Yeah, I would say I. Guess I mean, look, I wish nothing but th best for him. I agree. I've actually come to I, never met him. I would've loved to interview I, still would love to interview him, but I I know people around him. I mean all th people around him were fantastic.


People like his friends, I've met quite a few of his friends. You know, Kevin Morris, th th everyone hates Kevin Morris, but he's not a bad guy either. th th Hollywood lawyer, th his sugar brother who's funded like his lifestyle and paid all his I RS debts, you know, all these people are They have a good heart because They Get sucked in by Hunter, because Hunter does have That tragic quality women, especially rally around him and want to mother him and protect him and forgive him. All sorts of atrocities and I think men, it's th same thing. They, everyone you talk to say he's just good. Hunter is So charming and lovable and vulnerable, And not stupid. No smart, Sad So.


You count him a victim of his father's. Oh, Yes, a hundred percent. I mean he's a victimizer. As Well as all victims like That are. but I mean he's victimized. Ter, you know, I sat in th courtroom in Delaware and watched his two exes. Halle Biden, who was his brother, Bo's widow, That, he took up with, had a to affair with and put her onto crack. And she's, she's, you know, pretty broken. His ex-wife, Kathleen, who I never met her. I, mean I, saw her in court. She looked like a broken woman. Really, very different from th Kathleen That was in all th photographs. She, she came across in th laptop in all th writings as a kind of naive, very loving, like she adored Hunter, absolutely adored him.


Forgave So much. And then th bitterness, That crept in I mean It was nothing like art. What I would be like. She was still quite kind towards him. You know, he did terrible things for, he betrayed her in th worst way. but she and It damaged her inside. but, but she maintained a sort of a civil relationship with him. I guess for th sake of their daughters. And she's a good mother, So. He, he had a knack for finding these great women. That looked after him, forgave him, And all destroyed in th end. Yeah All destroyed. Although Howe's remarried, So I, think she's a survivor. She's remarried. A rich guy in Ohio, apparently So, she was, she was looking quite happy.


Had a huge rock on her hand. So I. Think she'll be okay. M just wanted at least one person to come out happy. this right Miranda Devine. Congrats on th book. Thank. you Thank, you So much for this. It was great to see you. You too. Thanks for listening. th Tucker Carlson Show. if you enjoyed It, you can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see Every night. That We have made th complete library. Tucker Carlson dot com. One of th things We wanted to do when We left conventional media television news was not simply to augment or add to traditional media, but to replace It. Because it's So rotten. It's So deceitful.


It's So repellent. That It needs to be replaced, and We want to be part of what replaces It at TCN and So to That End. We've produced a lot of news content from a bunch of different countries, but we're also producing long form content documentaries. We have 13 separate documentaries coming out between now and right after th election. That would include more episodes of Art of th Surge, which is th account almost live account of what it's like behind th scenes on th Trump campaign line in th Sand. James O'Keefe's latest documentary on th immigration crisis where he rides a train with th drug cartels north as th smuggle human beings into the United States and all th President's Men, which is a six part series by our friend Sean Stone on th Deep States War on Donald Trump and th people around Donald Trump.


All of That dropping in th next month. And all of It available on TCN So. Go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see 13 new documentaries in th next month and many more to come after. That Tucker Carlson dot com is where all of It lives and will.