
Your data is like gold to hackers and they'll sell it to the highest bidder. Are you protected? McAfee helps shield you blocking suspicious texts, malicious emails, and fraudulent websites. McAfee Secure VPN lets you browse safely and its AI powered text scam detector spots threats instantly. You'll also get up to $2 million of award-winning antivirus and identity theft protection, all for just $39 99 for your first year. Visit mcafee.com Cancel anytime terms apply.


Welcome To Tucker Carlson Show. We bring you stories that have not been showcased anywhere else and they're not censored of course, because we're not gatekeepers. We are honest brokers here to tell you what we think you need to know and do it honestly. Check out all of our content at Tucker Carlson dot com. Here's the episode. Thank you very much for joining us. So My son, I owe this to him. Well, this is a remarkable story. So we were connected by someone we both know. I had followed this casually in the media. I didn't know what to make of it. Your son died in November. You commissioned an examination by a forensic pathologist, independent forensics pathologist called Dr.


Dine Rao. I have it right here, accompanied by photographs that you took. And I don't think any honest person looking at this would conclude this was a suicide. There's an awful lot of evidence that it wasn't. I was actually shocked by it. So I want to get into the details of what may have happened, but I'd like to start, if you don't mind, by hearing about your son. Who was he? How old was he? What did he do? What was he like? Sure. Sohi was a prodigy from birth. We knew he was gifted and for leaving, he studied his master's, bachelor's in computer science from uc, Berkeley. The top school. He had 4.0 GPA throughout.


As soon as he graduated, he started working in open AI as a researcher, AI researcher. His first project was web GPT, for which a fresh graduate, he took the lead role and that web GPT turned out into be Chap GPT an application. Yes. One. This was a publication of of four people. One of them is following this. He worked at OpenAI for pre-training data. That means he was scooping up all the internet data feeding to Chad GT's AI model following this he worked on, which is, Which is the fuel that it runs on. It needs massive amounts of data in order to become what it is.


Right. That's the Yes requirement. It's an AI model. Yeah. And for the AI model, they need to be data fed. Yes. And this data is what everybody's saying is copyright data. Yeah. That's what all the lawsuits are against. Yes. He was involved in fueling that data. That data he was, he was directly involved in that part of the business. Yes. He knows inside out. Yes. Following that, he worked directly on the Chad GPD application team itself under John Cleman in this team, he was vital. His former boss, John claims that his role was vital in Chad GPT team And he did some kind of tuning and optimization, made it very efficient. It's a significant contribution, but the irony is he was never acknowledged by OpenAI and even after he left OpenAI his after his death also, no one has acknowledged him.


Prior to joining OpenAI, he was so qualified, he was national champion in 2016 for computing Columbia. That means he was a top programmer of 2016. Following that, he went, he took a gap year at 17. He said he doesn't need a degree. Right after 12th he said, I don't need a degree, I don't need to go to college. He took up a job in Cora software engineer. He was hired with $25,000 sign on bonus and a pay equivalent to a master's at a bachelor's folder. He worked there for a year and then he joined uc Berkeley. After taking AAP year, it took a lot of effort on parents into persuade him to go back to college for which he was grateful.


Throughout in uc, Berkeley, he represented uc, Berkeley for A-C-M-I-C-P-C into college programming contest, the world contest. He went to China along with his team. It was in 20 17, 20 18, he $100,000 award for A TSA competition. This is for passenger screening algorithm, which TSA has implemented today. He was shining all throughout his life. Prior to this, at the age of 11, he got six 80 in SAT. And then at 14 the paper he wrote like makes, makes me believe he's a prodigy.


That science paper is about quantum computing, optimizing A CPU. And like he talks about VLSI design that my friends claim they studied in their masters in electronics and communications. All these things make me believe he's a prodigy and he's demonstrated he had exceptional abilities and But it sounds like he did. So it's, but, and it sounds like from reading about it that he ran into trouble only when he began to question whether or not the data that was being fed to open AI was copyrighted. He never raised the voice when he was within opening air because he had concerns that management will not approve.


And he started to question all these. When Chad GPT became profit making, as long as it was nonprofit, it was okay. He explains in his publication on sochi.net what his views are and why he believes this is copyright violation. And when he started after reinstatement of Sam Management in 2023, November, November 21st was the day he got reinstated. I know it so well because it was sushi's birthday that day. He got reinstated and after that sushi started thinking about the copyright violation. And he did discuss with me it's very unethical And he feels awful about it.


And I said, yes, it's unethical. I agree with you. What's unethical is using copyrighted material material owned by other people for your business, which Yeah, artist work will be lost. That means of living will be impacted. Yes. And also he did a research And he published like how the Stack Overflow and then few other like maybe Cora, few other websites, the traffic is reducing. And he also made a publication in which he explains that the answer given by chat GPT versus the answer given by Stack Overflow, how unscientific and inaccurate the answer is.


Interesting. Yeah. When did he leave OpenAI? He left in August Of 2024. Yes. Third week of August 3rd. So recently, Very recently, When did he write his now famous paper about what the management of OpenAI was doing with copyrighted material? He, next day he already had made up his mind prior leaving to leaving OpenAI. In fact, in July he discussed with his uc, Berkeley colleague, that he wanted to do a startup. And his friend expressed interest. His name is Tyler Zu. And next day after leaving OpenAI, he went on interview with Kennedy News Media.


We didn't know anything about it. Hmm. Yeah, We just found out was based on his call logs. He spoke to someone for 40 minutes after his passing, we called him and found out he was doing this. And it was next day after his last day at work. Who did he speak to? I'll get back to you. And then, but He spoke to a Reporter, Kennedy News Media that sued Open Canadian OpenAI, Canadian News Media. Oh, Kennedy News Media that sued OpenAI. Interesting. On October 23rd, his interview was published in New York Times where he makes a very, very open statement And he calls OpenAI violates copyright data.


On October 23rd, he was quoted in the New York Times saying that OpenAI violates Yes, copyright law Yes. Is stealing other people's material. Yeah. Okay. And what, what day did he die? I'm sorry. And what, what day did he die? No, 22nd November. But we found a body on 26th November. So he, he was quoted saying that OpenAI was committing crimes and a month later he was dead. That's not just it. On November 18th, New York Times named my son as custodian witness.


Custodian witness is very, very important. He had the documents against OpenAI. That was on 18th, 22nd. He just came back from vacation from LA and Catalina Island the same night. They have attacked him and killed him. Tell us about what the New York Times wrote on November 18th. He had these documents. What were the documents? We need to get the documents from New York Times. It's a SEAL document. It's not open for public, but we need to become like the estate administrator. My husband will be the estate administrator end of this month. Then they will go and acquire that data. What documents they were at the moment we don't have information.


But you know, because you read it in the New York Times that your son had given journalists papers that he says implicated open AI in crime. Yes. And also on December 2nd, Sui had an interview planned with Associated Press. Matt Oen on December 2nd, Sui did not attend. Third, they called on his phone. By then we had his phone. My husband took phone call And he found out that Sui wanted to take legal action against OpenAI. He wanted to give the witness. By then this news was not out yet, that Suji was a custodian witness, but we got it. Then all we did was hurrying up the second autopsy, private autopsy moment.


We heard that this was his initiative And he didn't make it to do that. So to bottom line it, it sounds like your son, who's your only child by the way, and I'm, and I'm really sorry about that. Your son was in a position to threaten, really threaten OpenAI. Well, it's not, his intent was not to threaten. He just cared about people. He cared about humanity. He writes in his article in New York Times as well as the publication. He believes the way the AI is currently without any regulation is a harm to humanity. He stood up for a cause And he lost his life for a cause. He, IM martyr, obviously he's a Marty.


And then he never hesitated. He took his, put his life at risk. So the official cause of death is suicide. You're his mother. Clearly you spoke to him a lot. Did you get any indication that he was depressed? No, he just came back from vacation. He had a very active lifestyle. When he, when we had his memorial service, many of his friends came And they gave the details of when they met him and how many times they met him. After he left, he was visiting family. We were going out for dinner, lunch. He was fine. And more than anything else, he had concrete career plans. Yes. And interviews scheduled.


And he had things on his to-do list. Did he ever suggest to you, say to you that he felt his life was threatened? Was he worried? He had concrete plans. He wanted to do some work for humanity. That's the last day when we spoke, last conversation with Sui in person was that he had a nonprofit in mind And he didn't want to take the salary for his work. He said, mom, I have enough resources. I don't even need to get paid. I want to serve humanity. And he wanted to work in neuroscience and machine learning combination using that. I think I've seen on his desktop, one of the project for future of doctor visit, since we haven't unlocked his email and laptop yet.


We have to discover that. But we know, he discussed with me, he's, it's a one year plan. He said, gimme a one year time, you'll know everything. 'cause Did he ever talk to you about Sam Altman? We, Did you ever talk to your son about Sam Altman? No. No. We refused to. You refused to. We refused to talk to Sam Altman. But did your son ever talk to you about Sam Altman? Did he ever say anything about Sam Altman? Not to me, but to his friends a lot. When he was in Catalina Islands, he spoke a lot against him. He literally didn't like him. In fact, I've seen his chat log saying that he wanted to work with Annie Herman in her nonprofit work.


And that would be Sam's sister who was accused him of sexual abuse. Yes. Hmm. Really? He wrote that down? Yes. So He, he knew what personality Sam Altman had and his main concerns were the lies, The lice lies That Sam Altman used. The lies Lie. Yeah. He was lying a lot. And my son is very ethical And he, he couldn't stand it. So the time, if we could go to the timeline around your son's death. So He goes to Catalina Island with friends? Yes. To backpack, to camp. What was He doing? Backpacking.


Yes. Backpack. November 16 to November 22nd, there were five guys who went and my son was one of them. All these, or his middle school and high school classmates, some of them are his best buddies. We spoke to every one of them when they came back and everyone gave an image like he's upbeat. He was very happy. He celebrated his 26th birthday on 21st November the day before he died. What mood do we need to give an account of his happy mood. Well, exactly. And if you, you know, at a certain age, you know people who've killed themselves and typically, you know, the suicide follows a a morose period of isolation. The person sitting alone in his apartment drinking, he died the night he came back from a camping trip with his high school and college friends.


Yes. Yeah. Okay. Our attorney, he came to his apartment with us and moment he inspected the, his apartment. He said he had fresh supplies ordered. He has so many packets unopened. This doesn't look suicidal at all. Yeah. So, and the photographs that you took, which we'll get to in a minute. You know, I, I just wanna say this is not the first time I've been contacted by a family saying, you know, our child is ruled a suicide, but we think it was a murder. I mean, many people have claimed that I've never seen anything like this before. This is this. I think again, to any fair person suggests that he was murdered. But let's get to that. So what do you know, he came back from Catalina and if you don't mind telling us what you know about what happened, then he comes back that evening to San Francisco.


He came around like 11 o'clock. He texted me his flight is taking off. That was on 22nd. And then 4 54 he texted saying that it's pouring in San Francisco. And when he got off Uber leasing off his manager, he has apparently seen Sui coming up with big suitcase and other things. And then Sui said, yes, I'm coming back from LA That's somewhere between one to 2:00 PM that day. And then he spoke to dad at 7:15 PM He was very happy. And Balaji said like, shall we go to C-S-I-C-S in Las Vegas in January because it was raining here.


Dad brought up the concept that you know, whether will be great in January. And so she said yes. And Dad gave him birthday gift, Gave him a birthday gift, Birthday gift because 21st was his birthday. He said he'll send him it, you know, cash, just a token of, and Sohi accepted it. The, and that's the night he died. That day he died. So his last conversation with his father was what time? Roughly? That's the last conversation. That Was the last conversation. I called the next day 12:15 PM Phone rang once and it went to voicemail. Hmm.


When did you learn that your son was dead? That was on 26th, 25th. I went to his apartment, knocked on the door, no one opened. I called the dispatch, unfortunately took a day of effort for us to get his open apartment open. 25th they went And they didn't even call me back. What happened? Apparently they have gone and knocked on the door. They didn't bother to open the door. They just said okay, nobody's opening the door. And they went back. Security guard from the apartment complex says he saw the fire truck and the ambulance and the police And they went back five 30. I waited, waited and waited and 5:30 PM When I called on Monday 25th, they said, ma'am, unless you are here, we cannot open the door Next morning.


Unions, I went to Union City Police Station, that's where we live and filed. A missing person complained. I waited for one, one and a half hours. But both the parents, meanwhile, when we started calling all the hospitals in San Francisco area to see if he, he may have had an accident, why he's not responding to us. What happened to him? Moment we found that he was not in any of the hospitals. We took a deep breath, okay, he's safe. But when we went to his apartment, one o'clock I went to San Francisco and the dispatch came at 1 0 9 until four o'clock. We were not told anything. And then you got a call from, from the city?


No, that was not how it went. 1 0 9, 2 people, two offices came And they went with the leasing office manager, a leasing manager. And I'm waiting outside. They didn't allow me inside the premises. I'm waiting outside the complex. Then 1, 1 3 they has seen, apparently that's what the report says, they seen the body within five, 10 minutes they came out And they told me, no, we didn't enter. We are waiting for two more officers. We have a security protocol. We cannot go inside. Around two o'clock, two more officers came. But they knew your son was dead And they lied to you. They didn't Tell at what moment? Hmm. Two o'clock.


They have a protocol. I don't blame them. Two o'clock, two officers came, they went inside 20 minutes, they came back and said, we are waiting for two more officers. We have security protocol, we can't go inside. And they said at two o'clock they said, ma'am, You can go back home, we'll inform you in five to six hours. I said, I'm not going anywhere. They told me it's going to take some time for the next two offices to come. I said, let it be, please gimme the phone number. I'll contact them and find out if there's any way we can expedite it. My son's safety is in question. I cannot wait any longer. And then at three 20 I saw a big white van coming and my heart sang.


Seriously. So they knew as they were speaking to you that your son was dead but didn't tell you. They didn't tell. That's disgusting. That's inhuman. Sorry. It is. It is. And you know, they're asking me to go home and how I knew my son was dead is looking at the white van. At that moment, I knew ambulance didn't come. And instead of even then I was optimistic, okay, maybe ambulance wasn't available. They sent another van. And when I just saw a structure that came out, I went and spoke to the officers who are the medical examiners. They said, we have a dead person in the apartment. That's how I came to know.


We first did a deal with Black Rifle Coffee. Evan, the CEO sent us like a case of coffee beans. And honestly, I have not had any coffee since then. In the past eight months is not made by Black rifle. We are obsessed and it's not just coffee. They've got high performance energy drinks, tons of merch. That's very cool. It is The best. And we can say that as daily obsessive users of the product, Black Rifle Coffee is awesome. And by the way, black Rifle itself is awesome. The company is filled with Special Forces veterans working there, bringing you The best products on the market. Black rifle's always been more than just about must have offerings. They're committed to supporting veterans first responders, law enforcement, every purchase provides funding to those groups and gear the people who are protecting us, who are the heart of this country. From Premium Coffee roast ready to drink cans to American Gear. Every item designed to give you a sense of this country Black Rifle Coffee, Black Rifle Coffee dot com. Use the code Tucker for 30% off on your first order or simply grab one of their items off your grocery shelves in your town. We drink it, we recommend it.


This episode is brought to you by Shopify. Forget the frustration of picking commerce platforms when you switch your business to Shopify. The global commerce platform that supercharges your selling. Wherever you sell with Shopify, you'll harness the same intuitive features, trusted apps and powerful analytics used by the world's leading brands. Sign up today for your $1 per month trial period at Shopify dot com slash tech. All lowercase, that's Shopify dot com slash tech.


When you check out at the pharmacy, you see the journey from Idea to Medicine thanks to our intellectual property system or IP for short IP safeguards. Inventions like a new way to prevent seizures or lower cholesterol and IP supports competition from other brands. Then lower cost generics, which are 90% of prescriptions filled in the US innovation competition. Lower costs thanks to ip. Learn more at phrma.org/ip works wonders.


I'm I'm, I'm so sorry. That is really, I mean that is, I I didn't know things like that happened. That is awful. It's a gated community. He had a gun with him to protect himself. What more can we expect in America than the slave? It's a very reputed apartment complex. Not that it's sheep or something. They have four or five units, four or five buildings. I mean to say. Did the officers at the scene give you any indication of how they thought your son died? At four o'clock they came to the leasing office and then medical examiner said he shot himself. He killed himself with a suicide.


At that moment, I raised to them, look, my son went into New York Times, he's a whistleblower And he, that doesn't look suicide to me. They just didn't want to listen. He bought a gun, it belongs to him. Nobody went into the complex. Nobody came out. He was all by himself and it's a suicide and it, how long it took, can you believe it? 40 minutes to investigate, 40 minutes to determine, determine the date cause of death. And at four o'clock they gave me the keys for the apartment And they say You can collect the body tomorrow. Like right from that moment I see fall play, proper formalities were not followed.


And the next day they released the body within 24 hours without doing the complete autopsy, they removed the bullet. They did a CT scan, just returned the body to us. Then we just checked with the funeral home and we discussed with them and then they also said, looks like doesn't seem normal, there's something very unusual here. You should do your second private autopsy. That's The funeral home suggested that. Yes. And even we were thinking, both of us were also thinking funeral home also suggested we were shattered, obviously. Right. We were completely shattered. We just didn't know what's going on. And seeing a son like that And they said like his eyes are gone with a gun wound, don't see his face, we couldn't see him.


But the fact that the funeral home, which of course sees dead bodies every day said to you, this doesn't look right, doesn't look like a suicide. We recommend that you get a a second autopsy, A real autopsy. That's amazing. Actually the it's, And they didn't look at the body, they didn't look at any evidence. But the way the information was given to us and the way the procedures and policies need to be followed and norms were not followed according to them before they received the body so that it doesn't look normal. And we addressed the concern that it could be some fall play here and we knew from the very moment we heard the news, we know it's not suicide. Next day in the death news and I'm shattered.


That's calling police, calling Medical Examiner Corona's office, homicide unit. We've done everything we can. So tell me what you know about what's been proven from the the CCTV, from the surveillance footage about your son's last moments. Is there any evidence anyone came in or out of the apartment? No, actually even when our attorney concluded it's a suicide, even at that moment, I mentioned to the attorney, look there are three entrances to this building. One of them is skated, it has CCTV. Other two entrances don't have CCTV. And why are we ignoring that?


Nobody came in, nobody went out. And also what we just recently discovered is his packages are missing. His roommate or no, his, you know, neighbor in the apartment complex. He mentioned that in the, they have a shade package room, they have a shade bin or basket or something. He'd seen chu's package until December 31st. He reached out to me through Twitter on X platform. When I tweeted, he found out on Chu's mom And he said, have you picked up chu's packages? I don't see that after January 1st. Those packages are missing when we talk to that neighbor. He said like it's very common that packages get lost in September.


They receive a notification that if you see so and so man, then let us know. And that tells us a lot about the security and you know, like there's a compromise of key. There's a compromise of entrance. All of these need to be investigated obviously when there is a murder. So let's, let's get to the reason that I am anxious to do this interview, which is this report that you commissioned Dr. Dinesh Rao and it contains his analysis of the condition of your son's body based on an autopsy, I believe. And it and it critically contains seven crime scene photographs that you took in your son's apartment.


Is that correct? That's Right. There are seven evidences that were very critical, which has not been picked up by the authorities. Within 40 minutes they con concluded, they haven't even picked up critical things like a bag with blood that has my son's saliva in it. They haven't picked that up. And how could they miss haze falling all over from the wig. Right. So that's, that's what I wanna get to. So the two things that jump out to me, the first thing that jumps out, and it's very obvious from the photographs that you took, is that there's blood all over the apartment. So the official explanation is that your son shot him. And I'm sorry to I, I know this is hard, but I think it's important to go through this.


The official explanation is your son shot himself once in the head and the bullet entered the brainstem and extinguished life immediately. Can I say something there? Yes. It didn't touch his brainstem at all. Oh, it didn't even touch his brain. And the angle is downwards. Yes. Well I'm saying the official explanation is he shot himself once in the head. He died. Yes. But these photographs show that that's not at all what happened because there's blood all over the apartment. There's blood on the door, on the floor in the bathroom, there's blood everywhere. So that right there, just employing common sense tells you that who, you know, that the person from whom that blood came, your son presumably did not have a fatal brain injury, at least when he was bleeding.


I mean this is something was going on in the apartment, right? Yes. The second thing that jumps out is that there is a tuft of hair. Yes. That's not hair. It's from a wig. It's from a wig and it's, and there's a clip scene. It's okay. So tell us what that is for people who don't know, it's a part of a clip-in wig. Like There is some kind of plastic band or something that put fits the wig gun the head. We can see that coming out behind the door. Yes. And that's obvious evidence that no crime scene investigators or police can miss. They just ignored everything that showed murder And they picked up everything that showed a cover of suicide. But How could they ignore? So your son did not, I mean he was a 26-year-old man with short hair from pictures.


He's not wearing a wig, correct? No, no, no, he's not. And these hairs are not his. This investigator's analysis looked at the hair from the autopsy pictures that my son's hair and this hair, this is not his hair. And the and the portion of the wig, the clip-in wig has blood on it? Yes. Okay. So as a, you know, non forensic investigator myself, I look at that and I'm saying that's a, that's a point where, where did this come from? And there's blood all over the apartment right there. I would say this is, you know, maybe it's a suicide, but you're gonna have to tell me how because that, you know, what is that? It's not a suicide, it's a suicide obviously we have enough reasons to believe that one is coming from the private autopsy.


It's not a suicidal angle at all. You know. So you said that, and let me let you explain. It's not a suicidal angle. So you, you had the, the, the, the crime scene, your son's body was taken away. It was evaluated in some way by the authorities. They say this is a suicide. You have an like a real autopsy done by Professor Rao And he says, what about the bullet angle? Will you explain that? The autopsy was done by Dr. Joseph Cohan. Okay. And he says two things. One of them is the bullet angle is going downward, about 30 to 45 degrees downward. It's been shot here. It's Mr Brain. Second thing is there's a head injury on the left side of the head.


In fact, I spoke to medical examiner's office executive director. I told him there's a head injury, the sinus struggle in the bathroom. He just declared that I'm the decision making authority of state of California. I decide the cause of death. And when I brought up, we'll have federal investigation. There is a momentary setback in his voice on the phone, but still they're holding onto suicide. So Dr. Cohen's autopsy, and this is grizzly, I'm sorry, but shows, demonstrates, proves that the bullet was fired at what angle? Yeah, it's downward angle that someone cannot shoot themselves. Right. So in other words, if this were a suicide, your son would've had to have held the gun to his forehead coming down from the Top.


He was made to sit. If you look at the same thing, like the victim was sitting down, he was made to sit someone standing, he shot him down. In fact, like Balaji and I, my husband and I are going to create a virtual reality. Once we get all the evidence, we'll create a virtual reality video and present it to code. What exactly happened to him at that moment. You also said, if I heard you correctly, that he had another head injury not caused by a bullet. Yes. Can you tell us about that? Actually it appeared to us that from his fallen tooth weight and tooth peak and blood in the sink and all that, it appeared around 10 ish because 10 10 is his last browser history.


On the desktop, he was brushing his teeth before going to bed. He was attacked from behind on the head. That's where this fallen dustbin, this fallen toothpick. And his earbud has fallen in two different directions because of the head impact. And we believe after that he was either electrocuted or he was, you know, like he was paralyzed from the head injury. And then he just, they just held him up, made him sit and shot him. But also we know that, that we are waiting for further report. But that may not be the cause of death. The gunshot wound is not the cause of death. And probably they might have suffocated him.


We don't have any details of that cre, but we are waiting for further reports from CT scan. Why do you believe the gunshot was not the cause of death? Because it's not touched the brain. It only causes, makes him unconscious. So the autopsy showed that the bullet did not touch his brain? Yes. And also since I called the apartment on 12 on 23rd at 12:15 PM it rang once and it went to voicemail. Oh that makes me believe the killers were still there in the apartment. Again, we need to verify all that. We can do something called geofencing through that we can figure out who was there, who was visiting that complex and all that information.


That's exactly why we need thorough investigation. You certainly do. You said your son's last browser record is from 10:00 PM ish. 10:10 PM And what was he looking at, do you know? I think he was looking at a black cat or something because last time in which, and I met a cat was going in front of me and then I told him it's a superstition and then he was looking at neuroscience topics And he logged into a website for the, you know, for the startup or something like that. He logged into a website And he was doing some research.


So he wasn't looking up how do I kill myself? Oh no. That's the first thing that we look for actually. Of Course, of course, of course. I mean, killing yourself is a, you know, a, a profound decision. People there are signs And can I say something? Yes. It doesn't add up if he's so brave to go to news media to go be a witness. He's so courageous. How does someone so courageous do a coly act? It doesn't add up at all. Well, doesn't add up is there's blood all over the apartment and there's a piece of a wig on the ground covered in blood that's not his wig. And you know, you, you, you, you don't need to be a detective to imagine that if someone's gonna commit a murder, he might be wearing a wig as He goes into the apartment.


So that right there, considering your son didn't wear a wig as a 26-year-old male, you Know what hairs were not his. That's also another thing. What Weren't His, those hairs were not his hair. We have the picture of his hairs. His hair is fallen down in the bathroom sink. That is different from the wig in the hair, in the wig. His original hair had been found on the floor. They might have strangled him by his hair or something. His hair has fallen down that hair versus the big hair or different. Did anybody hear anything in the apartment?


Did anyone hear the gunshot? No. Did no one heard anything? No one heard anything. And two entrances into the complex have no surveillance cameras. Yes. Wow. It makes the hair on your arms go up. Yeah, It's a lot. Yeah. Again, I, I've been involved in many stories like this more than five and I've never seen one like this. This brutal. Well it's unbelievable. So what's unbelievable is it's so obviously not a clean cut story. I mean you wouldn't walk into an apartment with blood splattered everywhere and see a man on the floor with a gun in his hand and say, oh it was a suicide. Well how did the blood get in the bathroom?


He shot himself in the head like that doesn't even make sense. It, it was a coverup. Right. Picked up. Well it sounds like one picked what they want to pick up. We don't know if they have been instructed to do this beforehand. So, okay, let's Thank you for describing all of that. And I'm sorry, I know it's awful. Yeah. But tell me how the authorities responded if you don't mind. Authorities have been very indifferent. In fact, we hired an attorney, a senior attorney. He wrote to chief of police city administrator, chief medical examiner, executive Director of Medical Examiner. He wrote very clearly, couple of points. One of them is he was not suicidal before making a decision of suicide.


They need to take his mental state into account. Yes, he has happy pictures. He, they shared the pictures. He just came back And he said talk to four of his friends who accompanied him. And he also said the autopsy information in that letter, the autopsy report says that this is the angle of gunshot. It doesn't look suicide at all. A doctor described this as atypical, abnormal, worrisome angle. We wrote all of this to them. We just had them to reconsider it and do the investigation. Chief of Police apparently has agreed to do investigation, but medical examiner stopped it. He said, no, this is suicide. And that rat came back and said, what they said was, oh yeah, the angle looks different.


So what, it's a suicide. A man shooting himself in the forehead from a downward angle. Oh yeah. Okay. It, I'm not even sure if that's possible, but We are going to demonstrate that we just ordered a dummy gun. We are going to create a dummy of his size and we are going to demonstrate using the VR or the video we are going to demonstrate to people it's not possible. Who is the medical examiner who refuses to reconsider a, a pretty obviously silly explanation for this. His name is David Hellman. David Hellman, yes. Is the San Francisco Medical Examiner. But He has been covered by David Sowell, who's executive director.


Every time we call, it's him. And even the news report is given by David Sowell. There's no Paul Davis, David Sewell. And who is David Sewell? He's executive director of medical examiner's office. He is the one who's holding onto suicide despite of seeing all the evidences. He wants to declare it only suicide, nothing else. What does he make of the bloody wig and the blood splattered in the bathroom when your son was not found in the bathroom? Like how does he explain that? He didn't want to listen to it. He didn't want to pay attention to any of the things that we were saying. And you know, the worst struggle here is the first attorney, he was reluctant to help us when he said su when medical examiner's office said suicide, he didn't want to fight because they have been threatened obviously.


And we hired a second attorney, he got a crime scene investigator and our attorney said, we'll give you explanation of every blood mark. And he came back this Monday And he gave explanation and none of that explanation he gave corroborates to what happened in the apartment. Based on what we see, that means even the crime scene investigator was bought, he gave inaccurate results. If both the attorneys are like this, then where do we go? We definitely need some serious help here from the authorities. Okay. So the authorities would begin with the Mayor of San Francisco.


Mayor of San Francisco. Actually Sam Altman is on the transition committee for the new governor. He's a, he's the The new mayor Friend of The new mayor. Sam Altman's a friend of the new mayor. Yes. Okay, so let's move up then You go to the governor of California. Kevin Newsom. We are trying to, we are first trying to meet the district attorney of San Francisco DA of San Francisco. We probably are going to get an appointment sometime next week or later this week. It's, It's mid-January. Your son was killed in November. We have not been getting any appointment. We wrote to everyone we, we wrote to Rob Bonta, we wrote to da. Like we didn't get any appointment from any of them.


Five weeks were wasted by a first attorney. He does nothing. He just keep prolonging, prolonging, prolonging. He wasted five weeks then we hired a second attorney. It's been almost two weeks since we hired. But now like we just didn't trust any of these people. We got a report from someone else and now we are coming to media because these people like none, neither the authorities. No the attorneys are helping us. This needs to go to the Department of Justice. I think in the Trump administration. I did write. You did? Yeah. We haven't heard yet because it's only been a few days. Yes we did write to them


In general, possessions are overrated but there are some things you really would not want stolen. And to me, family shotguns, including a whole bunch of 'em I got from my father are at the top of that list. So I keep my dad's shotguns in a liberty safe 'cause it's safe and it's also really attractive. Liberty Safe just created something really cool. It's a limited addition safe that commemorates the inauguration of Donald Trump, America's 47th president. The original design celebrates Trump and his swearing in while upholding Liberty's equipment to building their safes right here in the United States. And they went all out on this one. It's the special 47 edition. It features a one of a kind artwork that pays homage to The president. It's very, very cool. Not all safes are created equal. There are plenty out there. And a lot of the manufacturers slap an American sending name on the label. But they are not made here. They're from China or other foreign markets. Liberty safes are made in the United States for over 30 years. Liberty has made it safes right here. And that matters because when you buy Liberty safe, you're supporting American workers and American values. Their products are more than just a place to protect your Dead's shotguns for example. They're a symbol of this country. So celebrate this historic moment. Secure the things that you want to keep for in a liberty safe. Visit liberty safe.com or find a Liberty dealer, a retailer near you. Order your limited edition safe today. Liberty Safe made in America.


Has anybody in a position of of authority in the state of California said to you, boy this needs more investigation. It doesn't look right. Everybody is suppressed. No one has come in our favor. In fact, even our attorneys to be hired have been made to tell it's a suicide to us every day. From every different angle there is a push for us that it's a suicide. But we parents, we know and we want to fight for justice for our beloved son. I But I, I don't understand on what basis. So your son had just come back that day from hanging out with his buddies. Okay, so, which is like a happy thing. It's no evidence that he was suicidal whatsoever and tons of forensic evidence that he was murdered.


So on what grounds are they saying it's very likely he killed himself. Okay. That's because of the coverup. Remember like there was a gun near him. He owned a gun And they put a shell casing and four bullets near it. They made it look like it. So there are both the evidences, right? For the medical examiner to pick up. He picked up the one that looks suicidal. He ignored the one that looks like homicide. That's what it is. So now to Sam Altman, what contact with Sam Altman have you had since your son died? We contacted HR for 401k plan details. Until then, no one from OpenAI ever contacted us.


They gave the PR report that they're supporting the family. How so? She had obviously put parents in his emergency contact. Right. They got the death news on December 13th. They made no attempt to contact us. And when we reached out to hr, Sam Edmond said he wants to talk to us. By then we already knew. So he was, you know, his presence or his living would have been a threat to AI industry in general. I wouldn't want to name one company, but eventually it's going to expose everything. Right. So we didn't want to talk to Sam Alman and then they said we provide employee assistance program though he was a former employee, we said we have medical insurance, we don't need it. Then they pushed us saying we want to get you on a Zoom call ASAP to go over his stock options.


Then our response to that is, why are you in a hurry? We are not, we've lost our son. We are grieving money is not important to us. Please talk to a probate attorney. And we had a probate attorney talk to the hr. This is our only, They wanted to talk about his stock options. Oh yeah. That's why they wanted to get us on a Zoom call. Do you think, do you believe you can't know I guess, but do you think that Sam Altman was involved in your son's death? We don't know. We need to investigate it. Yes, we can't, you know, we can't say anything at this time. But one thing I know for sure is if he was deposed, there are a few organizations who could have been impacted for that matter.


Like there are a lot of AI companies which violate copyright law and we don't know what open AI wanted to hide. When my son Deposes, what was the wrongdoing that he would've brought up? Not just the copyright law. That's exactly we need if we I to investigate thoroughly was there any criminal activity? Was there any illegal activity? We don't know. Right. Why? Why would this silence him? What would he have spoken if it just a law? Do you think these big organizations like Microsoft and OpenAI Care? No, they don't care about it. Right? Because they have money and power. What else was involved in the deposition? In the testimony that took my son's life?


We need thorough investigation. So You haven't seen those documents? You don't know. Okay. There are two things here. One is the custodial documentation, right? The second thing is his own statement. His own statement. We heard from few former employees of OpenAI. There are certain wrongdoings there. Like what? We can't say something that someone shared, right? So I would want to keep it more, you know, just overview that. Something like that. So that is the reason they're hiding. And you know what? If we come and tell openly our life could be at risk but we are taking the risk and coming out and telling publicly.


That's the reason our son was killed. Because he knew something that was going on. Keeping in mind he was feeding the data. Right. Pre-training data. So he knows. So to be clear, you think this is not simply about open copyright, open AI stealing, you know, copyright material. It's there's more than that. More Than that. A hundred percent sure. Because copyright data, obviously my friends and I were all talking these companies, they get many lawsuits like this. Right? Sure. Do they really care about it? No. What is the kind of thing they do care about? What kind of crimes do you think they would kill someone over? It's stealing some data that against that, that could cause a violation.


Possibly. They might be stealing some data From the US government. From other government. Ah. Something like that. Maybe government is involved. We don't know. We are speculating. That's just a remarkable story. Do you think that we will find out like how will the rest of us find out what your son testified to? That's exactly why we call out to President Trump to do a thorough investigation. We want a if, if PI director to be assigned to investigate this. This is not just about copyright. This is about a lot of other things that are going on that could cause harm to society potentially.


Not just to my son's death. There's something harmful that need to be evaluated and like thoroughly investigated. That's exactly why they're covering up a suicide. Why do you think medical examiners, the executive director would come and tell? Why do you think nobody gives us appointment? 'cause there's some kind of foul play And there strong power behind medical examiner. So you're saying that AI itself poses a threat to the world and that your son understood this? Yes, he understood it, but he was keeping in mind. That's one aspect. The other aspect is he knew everything open AI does. Yes.


And he might have actually felt overwhelmed by what kind of activity he got involved in. And we know that he spoke to a copyright attorney, which is again a coverup we suspect. And what Matthew Buttery told us on November 29th, this, yes, I met with your son. He's a very brave man. So she told us what open AI did to him. He didn't say anything beyond that that day. He said, I live in San Francisco, la I come to San Francisco quite, quite a few times and I'm going to talk to you next time. And I come and then he's been silenced. He's not telling us anything. We had her attorney call even then, apparently he did not say.


So if we depose him, he's going to spill out everything. And also we suspect his Sam Altman's friend and he's played against our son and has indirect involvement. We don't know. Wow. Th there was a, a moment where Sam Altman left his own company or seemed to leave his own company for a few days. You may remember this. What was that? Do you know Sam Altman was fired? Yeah. This was because of AI safety issues. The board of directors for open AI from the nonprofit side, especially one called Ilia. He and others, excuse me, fired Sam Altman. And then all the 700 employees, including my son, wrote a letter or a momentum saying that if they don't reach, its Sam Altman, they're all going to resign.


So they brought Sam Altman, they fired Ilia, who's the AI safety expert. And to be honest, few days after my son's death was announced December 15th, Ilia was seen in a presentation. In one of the conferences he had two security guards with arm, you know, with firearms around him. He was so scared of his life. So we are seeing a mafia behind all these things. Honestly speaking, What were the safety issues that caused Sam Malman to get fired do you think? We don't know if it's safety issue or whatever. We don't have the details of it. Even my son doesn't know any of these things.


In fact, he supported Sam Altman's reinstatement. Yes, you said that. Yeah. Yeah. Like a lot of AI safety people have been leaving open ai. If you notice the Cwo Mira, I don't her la know her last name. The CT O also resigned. Many people have been leaving open ai. Not just the researchers Do be why? That's exactly I want to know why there's so many people to leave. Obviously there is something right that they're not happy about. Right? Only person who spoke against them was my son. Rest of them just quietly walked away. My son, he couldn't take it.


He felt like, you know, he need to stand up and tell the truth. So some harm can be prevented. We need to investigate all this. Seriously. Did your son ever mention during that period when Sam Altman left that very brief period, there was a report in the news media that said within open ai, AI itself was being worshiped like a God. Did he ever mention anything about that? Yeah, He did. Didn't mention. And do you have any sense of what these harms are? I mean clearly people are afraid of what AI can do. Not just by eliminating jobs, which is enough to worry about.


But there are other things that people are very concerned about. Do you know what they are? They're in my son's publication. Some of them he's covered. One of them is like less traffic means the loss of jobs. That was one of his concerns. Yes. I'm proud of him for bringing that up. Yes. He gave the graph graphical representation of how the traffic is reduced to stack overflow and infuser website that are a means of leaving for people that will be taken away. That's his concern. And also the accuracy, as I mentioned earlier, yes in the interview, the accuracy of data and also he says something called like the modulation index or something 0.5 versus 1.0. He does in his article.


If it's 0.5, the data in Unata out or not the same. If it's one data in Unata out the same, most companies including OpenAI, use 0.5, that means the data accuracy is not maintained. That is his biggest concern. He being kind of like an architect inside, he knows in and out of Chad, GPD What happens next? So if my son were alive, he was planning to bring a competition to open ai. He was working on a medical startup. I even checked with him, how do you think it's a competition? Not directly mom. It's an indirect competition. He said he would've been a great humanitarian.


He would've done a lot of courses for humanity with the concerns he had. We lost a great human being, not just my son who would've made a big difference to the world. Now what we want is we want justice. We want that sentenced to the one who killed my son as well as the imprisonment for people who are behind it. We don't know who it is, but we want to know. And we want to know what my son stood against and take actions, at least in honor of him. At least do something that he stood for and you know, let his soul be at peace. What happened to the piece of wig found on the floor? Soaked in blood in your son's apartment? Where is it?


It's still there. We didn't pick it up because we want police to go and look at it. It's In the apartment right now. Nobody came to do the investigation. We have the apartment keys. Nobody came to do the investigation. We have been requesting police. It's sitting there right now. Yeah, Still there. We didn't pick up anything because it's crime scene evidence. But no one's investigating it as a crime scene. No. In fact, like our attorney said, up to December 31st, these people will retain the apartment. In fact, we are paying the rent and we are maintaining the apartment as is because we want someone to come and investigate all these things with so much evidence. If medical examiners still calls it suicide.


This is an ethical question. The regulatory question. So it's just sitting on the floor right now? Yes. It's the same place. We didn't touch any of that. Well this is a really crazy story. It is reality, right? It's not a story. It's how gruesome it is. And like you see all the bloodshot, like there was a fight and my son has been tortured. He didn't die immediately. And where, where can we go with where is peace of mind for us? We can't, we just don't have any peace of mind. Our life is not normal at all. The only thing that could make a difference after the loss of our sons getting justice punished, the wrongdoers protect ai.


Did you know that California was this corrupt? Yeah, we know it's very corrupt. That's exactly why we are requesting FPI thorough investigation. We did speak to an agent, I think last Friday. We are waiting for that agent to get someone assigned. If you know, special agent does something. And we also know that there's a transition period in the government. Some may be moved, transferred, some may be leaving. So we just thought, okay, let's wait. Meanwhile, we did all the groundwork that we needed to do. We have the evidence. We are here in the media. We're telling the media now we want a new oncoming federal government to intervene because Newsom, we know Trump himself makes a lot of statements against Newsom.


We don't, we wrote to Ana, You talked to Ana congressman from Silicon Valley. We wrote to him, no response from him. Many people tried No response from Ana. Yes. Many people tried to reach out to him. Not one many people, no response from him. 'cause they're all inside, right? All this tech lobbying. Okay, I'm gonna, you know what, I'm gonna text O'Connor right now. Please do. I'm going to, and I'm gonna send him this right here. And I, Rohan has not responded to you? Yes. Okay.


I sent out, I filled in a form in his website. I gave my phone number, I gave all the details on his website. Many people from whom we know have tried to contact Ana, they took my email address And they said, RO Ana will reach. It's been two weeks. He hasn't reached us. Initially we thought it's holidays time. So he's little busy but even it's 14th of January today. No response yet. Okay. I'm, I'm gonna, I just texted him right now and I just sent him pictures of the relevant information and I, and I hope that you'll try again.


Well, I mean, Rohan is the, is the Silicon Valley member Congress and We don't believe in state convent at all. We know how corrupt it is, especially in San Francisco Bay Area. It's very, very corrupt. We don't believe in the system unless, you know, we chain the governor. We won't believe anything will happen here. We need to go to federal. And we also found out that he's protected the visible Act as well. We can He can found out the what? I'm Sorry. Whistleblower. There's a federal aspect as well. It's not just the State. Yeah, he's a whistleblower. Yes. Right. There are two things here. One is wrongful death, one is a whistleblower. The whistleblower comes under federal because the lawsuit was filed in New York And he was a custodian witness. So we have a backing from federal government in involvement if just the state, corrupt state would fight against it, since it is federal, they can overtake the federal aspect.


We are writing to Federal Trade Commission now, today or tomorrow. And we want them to do a quiet investigation of the case. We have a top attorney in whistle blowers that's helping us prove one domain's contingency basis. We will work with him and bring the truth out. Yeah, I mean, your son was born in this country. You can't murder American citizens because they're standing in the way of your business. That is not allowed in this country. You can't do that. Imagine we are immigrants here and we came here, we raised our son. We were so proud of him. We, we don't expect this to happen in this country. No, in America.


No, that's right. We don't expect this to happen. Like sense of security has been lost for me ever since. Do you worry about your safety Potentially now that like we've gone so public, they may not target us. Yes. But there might be some kind of, you know, threatening terms of accidents or something like that and potentially, indirectly they could harm us that they cannot be caught. We are, we suspect that, and I don't go out alone anywhere because I'm more vocal, so I don't go out alone for walk or anywhere. I always take my husband along and we make sure if we go somewhere, we inform our friends where we are.


We just keep letting people know. In fact, like I don't want my family from India to visit me because it's a big risk for them. Has the New York Times called you to do this story? We call New York Times two days after we got his body and we told, I think his name was, I don't remember his name. So we told him many times they haven't even interviewed. They ignored it completely. And he said he'll get back. He will say, he'll let us know what he can do. And he doesn't, he doesn't even take our call. What about the television networks?


C-N-N-N-B-C. Fox has anyone, Nobody. A, B, C just relayed the vigil, candlelight vigil that we had for and Melita 1.5 minutes they relay of the vigil information. A, b, c news local. Now that, that we just received this evidence today morning, we probably might reach out to some of the news media now that we have this evidence. News media will talk to us. We want to take it much forward. Yeah, I don't, for the third time, I just wanna say this again. I don't think anybody, any honest person could look at this and say, oh yeah, that's a suicide. I mean, I just, I, you know, We were hesitant because like they can try to manipulate the evidence or something like that.


We were very hesitant, you know, like they can even attack the apartment, remove everything clean up, you know, like some things, crazy things like they might cause a fire and then let the, you know, water sprinklers go on and it'll destroy the evidence or something. Right. That's why we were very quiet. We didn't go to media until we got this authoritative report. It's very scary. Well, I'm, I'm grateful that you're making, you know, as much noise about this as you are and you're as aggressive as you are. Thank you for doing that. And I'm gonna Whistleblowers lives matter. Oh, I agree. We, we cannot lose, honestly, I was talking to my son, I expressed concerns about his whistleblower activity, but what I was thinking was he won't get another job because he's going against employer.


Right. He kept assuring me he has his own plus startup plans, but taking his life is something that I never expected. This is not the first time. Two whistleblowers from Boeing were found dead last year. One of them, exactly same way. Another one died in the hospital. They drugged him. You're Making, this is America. Yeah. Thank you for this. We need to protect them. Most whistleblowers, we were talking to the whistleblower attorneys. Most of them, they don't even know there is support. There's not enough awareness going forward.


We want to create awareness and help others. Then not just that there should be some kind of regulation protection. And I'm sure we are going to talk to New York Times at some point of time and said, how did you put his life at risk? If he was a custodian witness, why didn't you give him protection? Why was he left alone? Right. What kind of protection did you have for speaking truth costing his life? Well, I think most Americans like you would not even consider the possibility you'd be murdered over something like this. You know, the penalty you would assume would be, you know, having trouble getting another job but getting killed in your apartment and your son. I know I've asked you so I wanna make totally clear.


He never mentioned being followed or feeling threatened or anything like that. Actually, I do have some observation. After New York Times article came, he didn't want us to visit, he would come home and avoid me going there. And he would also come during the week, not the weekend. I want to investigate why was he already under some kind of, someone was following him or something. I was about to demand him an answer, but he's no more like slowly, you know, like within adults and like how much can we push him each time he visits? I just made sure like he's eating well and he's healthy And he has strong plans, he has hobbies, all of those things.


But this kind of information, why are you coming in the weekdays, I was didn't get a chance to push him. He was gonna come for Thanksgiving and that's when I would question him. I thought he wasn't even alive till then. We didn't have enough time. Thank you for telling us this story. Thank you for hosting us. I know we want Americans to know what happened and why has the mean covered by news media, why no one is talking about it. Why they want to repeat like Pars, what medical examiner is saying, why they don't want to stand up for truth. Why always so sold out for these tech lobbying.


Is there any regulation on the amount of money they can spend for lobbying? Right? It's indirect bribe, right? So they're all sold out. Can't we do anything? I'm an American citizen too, and this is totally disappointing. Like a reporter came home, he took the pictures, he wrote the article, and then when I mentioned open AI's name, there was so much fear in him, he was scared. So the tech companies that controlling And they turning down to be mafia controlling the gunman, controlling the news media, what more harm do we want from them? Do we public? Do we need to live in safety or do we need to live in fear?


What, what are we doing? Why are we quiet now, now that an innocent life is gone. We are seeing so much going on. Why are we quiet? Why can't we start justice for Sucher movement? Why can't we do rallies? Why can't we go on a unstoppable moment until we get the justice, until we get the punishment? I, I'm calling out to all Americans to stand with me. We want to do rallies all over America. We want to do vigil all over America and we want to enforce FBI investigation. Un punish the culprit. I hope this helps. Thanks for listening. The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made.


The complete library, Tucker Carlson dot com.