
So Nancy Pelosi Stock Tracker is one of those things that I first saw on X, on Twitter, and I thought, this cannot be, this is obviously fake. In fact, I didn't even consider for a second that it could be real. And then I was sent it by a buddy of mine who spent 30 years on Wall Street, if you've seen this. And I was like, is this real? He's like, it's totally real. We're just talking off camera. It's like at 55, it's, it's shocking for me. It's hard to accept how corrupt the leadership of the country is. It's like I almost can't metabolize it, but I don't think anything has put it into clearer relief than what you have done.


So you run Nancy Pelosi Stock Tracker. It's incredible. I'm, first of all, I'm really glad to meet You. Yeah, no, I appreciate it. And To know that you're real, what, who are you, where are you from? How'd you, how'd you do that? Yeah, how'd the whole thing start? I mean, I'm 29 now. 25. Would I say that? You know, looking five years from then, I'll be running a Pelosi stock tracker, building an app with a slogan, invest like a politician. Having that thing become a thing. No. What were, You don't think I would've ever gotten to that. So at 25, I was actually living in Bali. I quit my New York City job when I was doing finance, and I started working on my family company where we would sell sports compression products. Yes. Like little ones with numbers on 'em, custom ones that you would get for your kid for, you know, peewee football.


Yeah. And I was so sick of the finance grind in New York that I was like, I'm gonna work on this family thing. I'm gonna try and take it up to another level. I'll go travel around. Moved to Bali, was doing, working out there for probably like six or seven months. Moved back to Boston, is where I'm from. Then went up to New Hampshire, became a snowboard instructor, was working on the, the ski slopes. Yeah, there's a whole story behind it. I was working on the ski slopes as a snowboard instructor. Where in New Hampshire? Bretton Woods. Yeah. Great. Great Mountain. Very family friendly. And this is my full, we're all up there. And then when Covid hit, moved back in with my family. And then that's how I connected with my co-founders, Brian, Aaron and Scott.


They're out in LA and there's a whole story on how I essentially connected with them, which we can get into. But we started building an app together. And long story short, I'm sure we'll get into the majority of this stuff. We essentially built out on a tech side, the first way to follow your friend's stock portfolios. So if you had a Robinhood and I had a weeble or a Fidelity, we would connect it to our app and You can get push notifications of when, you know, a trade would happen. I was the co-founder of it and I was in charge of the growth. And one obvious way to do it, this was during the GameStop era, was, yeah, let me build a Nancy Pelosi portfolio. You know, I'm seeing on Twitter, I'm seeing on TikTok, I'm seeing on Instagram politicians crushing it and them getting called out for their trades, especially during Covid, you know?


Well, I never will forget It. Yeah, you covered it. The I, the Richard Burr. Yeah, it was, and I knew Richard Burr. I was never against Senator Richard Burr, North Carolina. And I saw that, and it was, it looked like corruption to me. I was disgusted by it. They got investigated by the DOJ, investigated by the SEC. Nothing happened. And that story is insane. And I think that story was where it really started to get, can You just give us the outline of it for people Who forgotten? Yeah. Yeah. So Unusual Whale, he's an account on X. Yeah, he was the one that initially started all this. So the Pelosi Tracker came. Do you know you know him? Yeah, yeah, yeah. We work with him. He, we, great guy. I love his, I don't know his name or anything about him, but I love that feed. Obscure guy doesn't want the world to know about him, but he actually takes, deserves so much credit for this stuff.


I don't think anyone would be unusual Whales. Unusual whales on Twitter. Yep. He is the one that would essentially call them out. At the beginning he started the Pelosi tracker in a way. He was calling out the politician stuff. And then the Pelosi Tracker came probably in 2022. But he started in 2020. And I think Richard Burr, that whole story started because unusual, well started calling it out. The story behind the Richard Burr is around his covid trades. And it, it was a full on scandal. You covered it at Fox News. The story is on February 7th, 2020. He wrote an op-ed with another senator saying, Hey, Americans, don't worry. Covid is not that bad. We're keeping an eye on it. Everything will be okay.


While he has and writes that op-ed, he's getting insider kind of details because he sat as the chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee while he was writing that op-ed. So while sending, as the chair of the Senate Intelligence Committee, he's getting private meetings saying, Hey guys, COVID is actually way worse than we think. This is not gonna end the same way that people expect. Be ready for some sort of rapid response. And The head of SSCI, the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence is, is a major player. Yeah. In why that's, he's not just an average senator. Like that's a very important position in Washington, in this country, in the world. And so he would've access to a lot of information that fellow senators wouldn't have access to.


Exactly. And he was tasked with partly like, get ready for a response. You know, like, once Covid hits, we think this is gonna be bad. Get ready for a response. Have the, like your materials ready to, to attack this situation. So he probably knew the severity of it to 10 x what the everyday American, and also probably what other senators and representatives did as well. So if you follow the timeline though, February 7th is when he wrote that op-ed, February 13th is the day that he went And he sold off $1.65 million of his entire retirement account. So a week after he told the American Who retirement account. Yeah. Not only just a normal kind of investment account is retirement account.


He sold the whole thing. Is it fair to say for non investor, just to inform the rest of us who are not familiar with the details to sell off your retirement accounts? Like you're not dicking around At that point? No, no, no, no. Yeah, the retirement account is something you don't touch. Right. Like those are the simply buy and holds, you know, never touch 'em forever. But selling off that to that degree is extreme. And I think is what caught a lot of people's attention of like, You don't just do that. You know what, yeah. You don't just do that while you're the chair of the Senate Intelligence Committee, you know, but to, to make this, this is why this, this is what I get passionate about. It's like I'm not even a political guy. Yeah. Like, I'll tell you the whole story of how this started. I didn't grow up being obsessed with politics. I just, citizen journalists kind of see the opportunity and be like, this is fucked up.


We should stop this. Yeah. The story though then goes February 13th, he sells off 1.65 million, 30 minutes later he calls his brother-in-law And they, his, him and his brother-in-law have around a two minute conversation. The brother-in-law hangs up the phone, calls his financial advisor, his financial advisor doesn't pick up, he then calls his second financial advisor. They pick up, they have around a 32nd conversation. He then goes off and sells off $265,000 of his own portfolio. So now you got the senator, who's the head of the Senate Intelligence Committee calling up his brother-in-law, them having a conversation, and then the brother-in-law going and selling off 30 seconds after that conversation.


Now I don't, that's sketchy as hell. To me, The weird thing is that I know the brother-in-law was my neighbor and a super nice guy. And I sort of knew Bird. Not really, but kind of, you know. And so when you live in wa and I'm only saying that it's not unusual that I would know them because I lived in Washington my whole life. But that's kind of one of the reasons we have all this corruption, is that everyone knows everybody else. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And it's just impossible to believe that someone whose house you've been at many times, and I have would do something like that. It's just hard. The closer you are to something, the harder it's to like having an alcoholic spouse, like you're the Last know a thousand percent. Yes. And like, the other argument to be had is like, you know, around February 13th, I, I don't remember it. You know, I don't remember the headlines that were coming out. Like how extreme was that?


If you're the brother-in-law, of course you sell out. Of course. You know, of course. It's like, it's not like you're necessarily gonna listen to that, read all the headlines and do nothing about it. So it's not even necessarily his fault for selling. And I don't think like that's where the insider trading necessarily happens. I think the, the culprit is the person who makes that initial phone call, which is I think, where the investigation Happened. Of course. So then what'd they do with the, the money They keep? So they, that happened on February 13th, and then the, the storyline goes, they started having private, Richard Burr started having private conversations with his donors. And then the donors were starting to set all this stuff up a month later that, not even a month, three weeks after that, around March, early March is when the market fell 30% And they saved themselves millions.


That all gets blown up because of, again, unusual whales. The SEC gets involved, the DOJ gets involved, they then find nothing. Well, they, they find all this information. That's how we know about the text. The FBI came in. But they don't charge them with anything that nothing happens. Richard Burr retires. And you know, it's just like, again, we were chatting about this off camera. I'm 29. I grew up with this. I'm not surprised by it. I'm just like, yeah, of course the politicians kind of can build this situation where they benefit and people will come after them. They'll make a facade, no charge will will happen. And they'll go off into the sunset. Like I, so I was raised during the height of empire, you know, our, our Victorian era.


And you were raised in the decline of empire, sort of the post world war era. So totally different perspective. So you're much better situated to understand what's going on, to see it clearly, to not lie to yourself about it. That's crazy. So Burr, just to let you know, since, 'cause I'm from DC I don't think the head of the Senate intel committee can ever be charged with a crime because he knows too much. He Had, he had to step down too while he was getting investigated. But yeah, I mean, I believe it. Wow. So you're watching this just at home? 'cause you're, you said you're not political. Yeah, I'm watching this at home while I'm building the social investing app that at the time was called Iris. So that's what's funny about, I, you know, we run the Pelosi tracker.


I'm not a political guy. Yeah. I'm just an everyday dude. You know, I'm 26, moved out to California to build this with my friends. And then the politics stuff starts happening. And like our mission with, with our app is to try and instill trust back into institutions. Yes. And we always wanted to do that. And our bigger picture was financial management and that whole, you know, space. But then we start seeing the politics stuff. It's like, this is incredible that they're able to do this. We have technology and we have the team that we can actually build a way for us to get involved with it. And what better way to highlight like, the hypocrisy of politician stock trading then to build a way to actually copy them and invest alongside them.


And that's how, like how our app started. But at the time, no, none of that was, and by the way, it's hilarious. Yeah. I mean it's just Hilarious. It It shouldn't be. No, I know, I know. But It's crazy. It No, you have to laugh at Tragedy. I know. I, and it's working. Like I'll get into the whole thing about how like this Pelosi crushed it. She was up 54% last year. We got half a million doll, half a billion dollars invested alongside her, where the app is too popular. It shouldn't be this popular with just like a slogan, invest like a politician. But I think it perfectly encompasses and showcases like the slogan of what's wrong with society right now. It's not only do we not trust politicians, we now are at the point where like throwing up our hands like, fuck it.


You know, if you guys aren't gonna ban it, you're gonna keep doing it. We're gonna build a way to get in on the action and what better way to do it? And highly the foxy than copying them. You're breaking my Day. Yeah. I mean I again though, if I can snap my fingers and have it just go away. Of course. Of course. But you can't For sure. Yeah. Unfortunately. So, okay, so you see this and you decide that this is going on, that there's corruption that people, the politicians are supposed to be protecting and serving the country are actually using this information to their own advantage. Yep. While the country rots. How did you discover that Pelosi was a then speaker of the House was particularly Yeah.


Successful? Yeah, Pelosi. So Pelosi gets a lot of headlines for obvious reasons. One, she millions mil and massively outweighs the what the other politicians are trading. And I'm talking like she's trading 50 to 60 million while everyone else is trading smaller amounts. What, when she got married, I think it was in 2012. And there, there's a whole arc for her. She got married in 2012 to Paul Paul Pelosi. Ex Vvc Ex? No, no. She's been married to Paul Pelosi for decades. Oh, has she? Then when, well, okay then when they got married, I'm mixing up, 2012 is when the stock act started. Right? That's when they had to start showcasing it.


When she got married to Paula, they were worth around 20 million. Their net worth. Their net worth now is around 260 million. So you're 10 Xing that how she's been a career long politician making 170 5K. Her husband's very, very successful in, you know, in stocks, particularly tech stocks. It all started with her in 2020 when she bought Tesla. And this is when I personally started paying attention. And then there's, you look back and it's like, holy shit, this has been going on forever. And that actually started back in with the visa IPO. So with the visa IPO, she and her husband were able to get privileged ways to buy in on the IPO.


And no one knows how. No one knows why. And then the stock absolutely crushed it. So that was brought up on a 60 minutes interview. And that was that iconic interview from the, the reporter asking her like, do you think this should be allowed? Is this fine that you had got in on the visa? And then, you know, this is 10, 12 years ago, nothing had necessarily happened again. 2020 comes around COVID. So people already necessarily know about her. She now starts trading stocks again and is be getting blown up on social media because while everyone's with Covid, what are they doing? They're on social media and they're trading stocks. So now everyone's like acutely watching these things and paying attention.


She, in End of 20 20, 20 20, right after Biden got elected, she went and bought up to $5 million of Tesla calls. And I can go on forever about the details of these things. She's not just buying stock. Well, her husband's not just buying, she's buying these things called leaps. And what a leap is, is a options contract that allows you to buy a stock and be bullish on a stock at a much cheaper cost basis. So instead of you needing $5 million to buy, you know, x amount of quote unquote risk in a stock for it to go up, You can actually take that $5 million and buy a leap and it gives you a broader delta so that You can make more money.


Yeah. Essentially higher risk, high reward. So she goes, and she's buying these leaps. She's not just buying the stocks in them. She buys leaps in Tesla at the end of 2020, right after Biden got elected, 2021 comes around, or excuse me, 2019 into 2020. 'cause that was when Biden started. There's so many dates. But when Biden's first few weeks in office, he introduces the build back better. 1.3, 2.33, whatever. Massive infrastructure bill. Yeah. Do You remember that one very well. Part of that Bill had tons of not only subsidies for the electric vehicle industry, but also money to build out and invest for the charging ports.


Yes. For electric vehicles. 'cause you know, You can't just tell people to go buy electric cars, nowhere to charge 'em. You need to have the infrastructure. Yeah. So when you start following the timeline on it, it's like, okay, Biden gets elected. She buys up to $5 million of leaps, which are very risky in Tesla. That agenda then comes out, the stock flies 50%. So it's not like she's actually, you know, buying things that the, the public wouldn't necessarily know about. But she's buying things in a high risky way with a ton of money in ways that the public now is paying attention to. Because, you know, everyone's trading stocks and they're watching Tesla, Elon, that was when the thing started blowing up.


And that was the first trade that probably like, I think re-triggered everyone's mind into like, wait a second. You know, this may not be the sketchiest trade in the world because those things were still public. But how are they allowed to necessarily do that? How is Pelosi the third most powerful person in America? You know, president, vp, the house, the, the head of speaker. Speaker, yep. They shouldn't be allowed to trade stocks. How is this even, like, how are we allowing that? And I think like the culmination of those different intersections is why this started getting big and why people started paying attention specifically to Pelosi. How did she do on those leaps with Teslas? So she, she was up around 50% and then she sold a little bit and then it came back down and then she actually just sold those shares.


'cause the way that a leap works is if you, you're buying a contract and that gives you the ability to buy a hundred shares of that underlying stock. It's a con It's pretty complex ish. But so when those, when she bought the leaps, a year later, she exercises the right to buy those shares. So now she has, I think it was around like 5,000 shares of Tesla. And she's held those all up until July of 2024 this year actually. And she sold them too early. She sold them before Trump got reelected and the things started flying. But I think she was up around 40 to 50% in total from that Tesla trade. Her, her best ones are Nvidia, NVIDIA's a whole nother story for her.


But on that Tesla one in particular, I think it was like 40 to 50.


When you sleep better, you live better, you feel better and you live longer. Sleep is really important. But there's a lot acting against us who are trying to get a good sleep. Starting with screen time. It scrambles your brain, makes it hard to sleep. So we're thinking a lot about sleep, not getting as much as we should. So a new partner we want to tell you about, can help you. It's called Beam's Dream Powder. And it's made with the blend of all natural ingredients. It's not made by Pfizer. It's science backed. It's American built and run. And best of all, it legitimately tastes good. It can help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up feeling amazing. Everybody on the staff loves it. No more tossing and churning during the night. No more groggy. Wake up desperate for the coffee. We're not the only ones who use it. So many people have used Beam that has improved over 17 and a half million nights of sleep. They're keeping track, helping Americans from all over the country wake up feeling good and ready to go. We're getting a huge discount. 47% off for this show. Try their bestselling dream power. Get 47 7% off for limited time. Go to shop Beam dot com, shop Beam dot com slash tucker. Use the code tucker checkout and get a massive discount. We can't recommend this enough. Everyone here loves it. We think you will. Also, it's an American company by the way. Awesome.


What has she done on Nvidia? So Nvidia is the second trade that got the masses attention for people To know. Tell us what Nvidia is. Nvidia is a semiconductor. They're essentially the, the most popular stock and The best company. I think they're worth more than Apple now. They're the, the most valuable company in in the world. They sell the chips for semis and like they have a whole broader thing beyond just that. But essentially they're a semiconductor company. They're, they, they buy and sell chips. So in 2022, that's when the chips act, if You remember this, $54 billion chips bill that Biden and Pelosi pushed. She bought, and this is where social media, again, why it's powerful. And the pressure started billing up to her at this point because people were following the trades, the markets were crushed.


And it, she was crushing it in 2021. When 2022 came around, the CHIPS Act comes out $54 billion of infrastructure for chips and subsidies for them. She bought Nvidia, I think a couple months before that. Oh, come on. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's this, the problem with her is every trade is suspicious. There's never a trade that you just are like, okay, you know, I can not, and I, I'll get into them without, there's a couple more I can get to. But with that Nvidia trade in particular, she bought it. The CHIPS Act comes out, we start making tiktoks, we start tweeting about it, and then everyone's like, what the fuck, what's going on with that? She then sells it for a loss because the, the stock was already coming down.


This was when the market started falling. Yeah. And she ended up selling it for a $300,000 loss. She sold it all. 'cause I think the public was starting to be like, what the fuck? Like what, how are you doing this when we're already calling you out and you're still continuing to do it? She sold those things for a 300 k loss and, and then she sold her shares for a 200 K loss. So she lost money on that first Nvidia time. But the interesting thing about that is, per these filings and the way that the filings work is the stock act requires politicians to disclose them, their spouses and their dependents of any trade up to 45 days. On that trade in particular, is the only time she's ever publicly said her profit and loss.


So never before, never since then. Only in that filing was when she said, Hey everyone, I lost 250 K in Nvidia. Get off my back, kind of thing. She's never done that for when she's profited. She's only done it when she's lost. Interesting. Yeah. And there's so many things with her. She, the filings she sends out are always before holidays. So she's notorious in our community for releasing reports around Thanksgiving, July 4th Christmas. And I think the argument is, 'cause like if you put it on December 23rd, everyone's going off to vacation. No's Of course, of course. Yeah.


It gets lost. Yeah, it gets lost in the media. Yeah. Drop bad news on Fridays. That's the whole Exactly. Yeah. This year she dropped it on July 4th. That was when she dropped all of these previous trade. Happy Birthday America. I know. Yeah. But so that Nvidia trade goes on, she loses money. The whole market was doing bad in, in that year. So she didn't do too well in that, that I think it was 2022. 2023 comes around, the market starts going up again. And we have all this information, which I could probably get to. But she then reys into Nvidia at the end of 2022, or at the end of 2023, excuse me, in November, she goes and buys $5 million worth of leaps again, those leaps.


Then right after she buys, there's no, no, no laws or anything that comes up after that. It just turns out to be a tremendously well-timed trade because from there n video goes up 160, 170%. And on that trade in particular, she then bought a little bit more that 5 million. And the, the ranges are hard because the way that these filings work is they have to file from one K to 15 K is one little check, 15 K to 50 K, 50 k to a hundred K, a hundred k to 250 K, 250 K to 500 K, 500 k up. So we're going off of the ranges. So you don't know the exact amount that exactly she's buying, but that Nvidia trade is The best trade she's ever made that we followed in recent memory.


And she's up around like 140% on that trade in particular. Damn. And like this is millions. It's not like it's, you know, 50 k, it's up to $5 million. That $5 million could be worth 7.5 million now. And she's just quiet about it. Doesn't say anything when me call her out. How long have you been doing this? We've been doing it since 2022. So we've tracked her in particular. And let me be clear, it's not just her. No, I know, I, I've got a bunch of questions For you. Yeah. Crenshaw. And, but yeah, we've been tracking her since 2021. You know, you look at, if I looked at the Congress, who were the filthiest members of Congress? Well, Dan Crenshaw would be right at the top. Yeah, yeah. With Pelosi. Yep.


And, and it's not surprising that they're No, And he, he's interesting because Wait, hold on before we get to that. Yeah. He's this whole thing. Yeah. But I just want to close out Pelosi for a sec. So you've been doing this for two and a half, three years on Pelosi. Yep. And gotten, you said you've never done an interview before, which is Very weird. No, no. But a lot of people I know read you, you know, a lot. Yeah, yeah. So she's gotten a lot of scrutiny 'cause of what you've done. Has her office ever reached out to you in any way? No Office has never reached out. And again, like the crazy thing about this stuff is we took this whole thing a step further by building our app autopilot and autopilot. The way that it works is you literally can go and invest alongside these politicians.


So it's one thing to be like, oh fuck you Pelosi. You know, you're trading in front of us. And then it's like, oh wait a second, you're crushing it. Like, whoa. And now it's like, and now I can invest alongside them 'cause so I can get in on the action. And I think like allowing people to get their money in makes the whole thing kind of just more hypocritical and funnier. So Pelosi, since we've been tracking her, is up 87%. That's from I think around May of 2021. Outperforming the spy by 50% since in that time period since we've been doing this thing, we now have $300 million literally investing alongside her. People have profited $30 million trading, doing whatever she does in that time period, give or take.


And her pub, her office has never reached out. She's gone on, you know, been questioned in the, the press conferences being like, do you think you and members of Congress should be allowed to trade stock? And she's like, yeah, well it's a free economy. Like if, if it's a free market, we as citizens should be able to trade. But of course it's Not a free market. And her example shows you what a rigged market it is if Yeah, of course. I mean, she's, so, yeah. She's benefiting from information that she has because of her position. She's not allowed to do that. She does it anyway. It's a crime. She should be prosecuted. It's certainly a moral crime. So give us some perspective. So she's up this fin, you know, fantastic number relative to like average investors, informed investors.


Like how well has she done? Yep. So last year in particular, and this is probably we, and let me be clear. So we're not tracking, since it's hard to know the exact amount, and it's hard to track her actual trades. So what we track is the filings of it. And they're roughly the same. 'cause they, they don't, they don't get displayed or filed too, too long after. So in 2024, for example, she was up 54%. The market was up around I think like 26 or 27. So she personally outperformed the stock market, you know, the, the broader s and p by 20%, 25%. We also have these other trackers that track the, the hedge funds.


And there was a report from Bloomberg where she actually outperformed I think like 95% of professional hedge fund managers. And when you take a step, it's like, what is good? What the, the politicians, unusual Whales has a report in 2024, and she was only the seventh best trader. There were traders that were better than her. Well, The funny thing, I was talking about this yesterday with a buddy of mine who's in business. But you often see retired politicians decide they're gonna go get rich in business, in finance usually, but, you know, in some form of PE or whatever that they think they're gonna get. And they are all terrible. Like there's not been, we're talking about Pompeo thinks he's gonna get Rich or Pompeo and like no one wants Pompeo. 'cause he's like, an idiot isn't, this is not his area.


And he's, well, I should say he's not in, he's smart, but he's not a business guy. No. And politics and business are very different. So it's especially striking to see pol this is the only way politicians can make money is through insider trading. Yeah, I know. Is that fair to say? Pretty much. Yeah. It's that or books. Yeah, Exactly. They, it's a book. And honestly giving speeches, you know, Netflix specials now Yeah. The, the Clintons with all that stuff. But she again, is extreme 'cause you just trade so much. The other politicians, they're trading on lower levels. And, but I think like the, the bigger thing that we're trying to do with all this stuff is like, we don't want them trading again. Like we think that it's messed up.


It creates distrust in the politicians. Of course. It's not like, we don't, me personally, it's not like I am, you know, saying, Hey, you guys can't do that 'cause you're getting rich. Like obviously that's a piece of it, but it's more of like, Hey, you guys can't do that because the average American can't do that and we're all just looking at you guys. Well, It also influences their policy making behavior. Yeah, yeah. I mean the, of course, it, it sets up incentives that you don't want to have in your legislative branch at all. Yeah, Yeah. And you know, the saying like, the, show me the incentive, I'll show you the reward. It's like, well, that's Exactly right. You're gonna, The war ones are crazy too. Like, there's so much that You can get into. I've, I've trouble laughing at that.


Yeah. That, that actually makes me feel like these people are going to hell. But I don't want to ask about that in two seconds. But first you said she's the seventh. Yeah. Most successful. Yeah. Congressional trader, who are the others In 2024. So the other ones off the top, and this is all unusual on unusual Wills is Twitter. Yeah. We work with them. He actually took some of the portfolios And he put them on our app. So now people can go in And they can trade alongside not just Pelosi, but other ones too. David Rouser was the top one. And I think he, he made a lot of money in Nvidia. He also some other smaller ETFs. So he wasn't, he doesn't trade that much. So he, these are stocks that he is owned for a while. Yeah. Debbie Waserman Schultz.


She's now a two time top five political stocks. Right. Speaking of filthy, I mean Filthy. Yeah. She, she gets a, we, so we run the Pelosi tracker and we also have a politician trade tracker on Instagram and TikTok that each have, you know, 800,000 on TikTok. We have around a hundred thousand followers. She gets, people don't like that woman. Well, nobody Likes her. Yeah. So She was bounced out of a leadership position in the Democratic party. 'cause people disliked her so much personally. Yeah. And she honestly is one of the, the five or six that I personally track like, that I know a decent amount about because of how many times she has conflicts of interest, which, which she trades. For example, she bought this company called ViaSat.


And what ViaSat does is they're a military contractor. They're like a starlink Yeah. Like Elon's thing. But they do the communications from the military. They get hundreds of millions of dollars of contracts from, you know, this or that. She sits on the committee that oversees military construction. And it's like, I'm watching you trade this stock. You know, even aside from performance, I'm watching you buy and sell a military construction company while sitting on a committee that oversees military construction. How is that allowed? I, I don't know. Another one was, she bought a mining company called Heca Mining with ticker symbol hl.


That stock has been fluctuating here And there, and I think she is up around 15% on it. She sits on the energy, one of the energy resources committees, and it's like, What Are we doing? You know, how do, how do they allow, what Are we doing? Yeah. Well we're, we're watching corruption happen. Yeah. And it's, and it's destroying any confidence people have in their government. It's priming the country for some kind of revolution. Hopefully a peaceful one, but a revolution. Anyway. This can't, this can't continue No. In a democracy. So tell us about my all time favorite member of congress. Dan Crenshaw. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So he's a, he's a tough one.


He is a, he's a hot head on Twitter now. He's outta control. Yeah. He's, I don't understand why he's taken this stance a little bit because I Used to be, his personal life is out of control. Yeah. Because he used to be like a, a right wing darling. Like he was, you know, the, with the Navy Seals, I think early, early on, I, I, again, Not with me, I always thought he was a freak and a warmonger. Really? Yeah, weirdo. Yeah. He's a freak and a warmonger weirdo, But Yeah. Yeah, he's showing it now. Yeah. Did you see the free press? He did. Where we posted this, he essentially comes out And he is like supporting politicals politicians stock trading. Oh yeah. He's like, if you get rid of it, you're gonna get crappy politicians. And it's like, what are you talking about? You know, like, we're not asking you guys to, it's, That's, that's like Saying not get paid.


If you Don't allow the police to shake down speeders at gunpoint, you're gonna get a worse kind of cop. Exactly. Yeah. It's crazy. It, it's, It's, yeah. So he had a fiery one with the free press probably about like two months ago, right before Thanksgiving. I saw that. His portfolio though, in particular, he's up around like 48 to 50% and all of this, you know, I gotta say this for compliance reasons, like, You can see all this on our app, you know, it's all right there. So I may kind of be depending on the day, but she, he outperformed the market. He was right below Pelosi, the Stocks. But he's an idiot though. I mean, with no business background that I'm aware of. Yeah. So like, how would you do that? His stocks, the one that in particular that really frustrated me about him was meta.


So he, the stocks that he's buying is, his portfolio is comprised of meta, which he's crushing it up like 200%. He bought the dip perfectly back in 2022, I believe, like pretty much perfectly. The things started flying. He bought Amazon, he bought FAS, which is a, a like a finance ETF. He bought the spy and then he bought Wind resorts, and then he bought some other company. The, the stock though that crushed it for him was meta. And the part that I get annoyed about, you know, aside from TikTok bans this and that, you can't, he buys the stock a couple months later, starts pushing and publicly vocalizing like, Hey, everyone, we should buy, we should ban TikTok.


You know, and it's like pretty convenient to say when you own tiktoks main competitor, and every time you're saying that the stock's going up 5%, he then goes off and starts asking for the ban on. And again, like I, I feel like I'm pretty pro ban TikTok. So there's a whole world with that. But he then goes off and votes against the bill to ban TikTok. So now you've got a politician that is buying tiktoks main competitor meta. You're then publicly talking about how you want to ban it from government con from government officials phones to then voting on the bill to ban TikTok all while the stock has gone up 200% while you owned it.


That's, and this is like, you're shocking me. Yeah. I'm numb to it. And when And when he gets called out on it. Yeah. And this is one of the reasons I dislike him. And I do think that he's, there's, he's, there's a lot wrong with him personally, so I do feel sorry for him. A lot wrong. I mean, I know that, but anyway, leaving that aside, the reason I don't like him is because he's self-righteous. Yeah. If I catch you shoplifting and then you punch me in the face and scream how you're being victimized, I can't deal with that. Just admit you're shoplifting, say sorry, and I'll forgive you and move on, but don't yell at me. Yeah. Or even just help the conversation be like, yeah. I mean, if you guys are allowing us, like I'll vote on it, this and that. Like just be open and be transparent about it.


Yes. You don't have to attack and, you know, gaslight the American people. No, that's exactly right. That's exactly right. And boy, is he a specialist in that area? Yeah. Yeah. The the free press one. I, I would rec I'll send it to you after I've Seen it. Yeah. Oh yeah, I've seen it. Yeah. That one gets my blood boiling because it's like, what frustrates me about this stuff is you can't sit on the committee, you can't be voting on these things. You can't do all be doing all this stuff in front of the American public. Meanwhile, you know, I have a friend that is a consultant at EY or Deloitte, he can't trade individual stocks. I got friends in banking that can't trade individual stocks. It's like, why can you not let the low level analyst, the JP Morgan buy, you know, apple.


Yeah. Meanwhile, you got these politicians buying up this $500 million military construction company. All right. In front of, I know the answer. Do you wanna hear the answer? Yeah. Because after the financial crisis that Congress helped, cause Yep. Congress runs in with Dodd-Frank, you know, Chris Dodd and Barney Frank. Remember the Senate Men of the House, both Democrats. And they come up with all these regulations that are supposedly gonna protect America from future disasters of this kind. And they, you know, pass the so-called reforms, destroy the banking sector, really don't make it less corrupt, just kind of wreck it, take all the innovation out of it, and then they don't apply those same standards to themselves.


Right. I mean, that's kind of the short Rules for the, not for me. Is that a Fair? Yeah, a Hundred percent. And what's the history of the stock act that started 'cause of the housing crisis? Yeah, so it was initially introduced in 2006 and the stock act, literally what it says is stop whatever, stop trading on congressional knowledge. That's what it means. So if you have a bill that literally says, stop trading on congressional knowledge as the name of the act, you know that there's something already sketchy going on. And why was that not a thing to begin with? And so what happened to it? So in 2006 it got introduced. No politicians cared about it, you know, whatever.


After the housing crisis, they found out And they realized that there were around 33 politicians that set their portfolios up after talking with the officials at the Fed. And, you know, the people milling up the military policy, they reconstructed their portfolios while that whole crisis was going on. They didn't have to display or publicly talk about it. 'cause the stock act wasn't announced. All that stuff came out after that. Like, oh, while the housing market is crashing and Americans are losing their homes left and right, these politicians are moving millions reconstructing their portfolios after getting outta the meetings with the Fed officials. So that's how it came back onto the center stage. The stock act then gets introduced in 2012, and then it gets passed shortly after that.


What is crazy in my head though, is like, what the heck was going on before it? Yeah. Like what do that I think was, we were talking off camera, like our generation, we grow up with it and we're used to it now. 'cause of things like that. It's like, how can they have not had any limitations before 2012? What were they doing? I, You know, I, I can't answer your question clearly. It's been very corrupt for a long time. Well, they murdered The president of the United States in 1963 and no one was ever held accountable for it. So, you know, looking back, You can say, boy, we've had big problems for a long time. But I can tell you as someone who grew up right in the right in the middle of it, in DC in Georgetown, all this stuff was going on.


Like, when, when that covid those covid trades, you've started our conversation by describing Kevin Kelly Loeffler was involved in that. All this stuff. I was like, part of me, Even those, I think I was the only person at Fox News who did anything on it. 'cause yeah, it was a great story. But even as I was doing the story, I was like, this can't, there's gotta be another explanation. This can't be real. That that was trading on a pandemic. Yeah. Insider trading on a pandemic. Like, I was like, you'd have to be a monster to do that. Like this can't actually have happened. That was me with the Pelosi tracker every day in the early days. I'm just, I'm, I remember a couple of these trades and there's so many now, but I, I remember calling my dad up and I'm like, wait a second.


Like, is this actually, like, are they actually trading? It's not just Mike McCall. I can't remember the specific trades. I think it was him, but No one I, here I'm talking about poor Dan Crenshaw, who's just like totally unbalanced that one end. Well, but Mike McCall is like, now we're getting really sinister. Yeah, yeah. He, I'm trying to remember the trades because Mike McCall, he sits on the, he sits on a lot of the intelligence committees or not Mike, a lot of the, the, the big committees. And he's trading millions. But it's not just Mike McCall. Yeah, I think so. I think so. He's in particular, 'cause he's really hard to track. We know this in the world of the US quiver, quant usual whales we're the ones that do this. He manually fills out the filings by hand, so his trades don't get picked up no way.


By the majority of a, I'm 99% sure I can confirm that. But yeah, he and his trades I think are weird because it's him, it's the, the dependent and the, the spouse, the trades, they come in kind of as the same. So there's an argument that maybe Mike McCall's trades are from a, from a financial advisor. But if he can tell us, you know, we tag him on Twitter, it's like, you guys can just tell us what's going on with the, he Doesn't care. A couple years ago he, somebody said, I was talking to Mike McCall And he described you as a Russian agent. Really? Oh, so he is, He's One of these guys. Russian. So I called Mike McCall and I said, listen bitch, can I call you bitch?


I, you, I think I said exactly that you told someone I was a Russian agent, you know, like I'm from this country, I'm feel like I'm pretty patriotic. And did you say that? And he said, yeah, I did say that because the Intel Briefers told me that. And I said, how old are you son? I think he's older than I am. You believe you're Intel briefers? Yeah. And he said, yeah, I do. I gotta give him credit at me. He took my call and, and the whole thing. But I was like, this guy is the most controlled Yeah. Scary, stupid, but also scary person I think I've ever dealt with in Congress. Really? Ever. So I guess I'm not that surprised that he's, what is it with Texas Republicans anyway? I don't know. Corrupt. I a lot of 'em, I mean, you go a little bit north to Oklahoma and Mark Wayne Mullen's an interesting one too.


What do you really there? I don't, I don't know too much about his, he's a fiery guy too. Yeah. He was threatened to beat somebody up. Yeah. He was threaten the Sean O'Brien, the teamsters. The Teamsters president I think. Yeah, yeah, yeah. During that, yeah, we built a hole. I have a whole thing. I Like Sean O'Brien for The record. Really? Yeah. Good guy. I don't, so that's what's the thing that's interesting about me, again from my background is I don't know anything about these politics. I'm not like a political person. I call out, we call out the politicians, the Democrats, like the New York Times came out with a report in 2022 that said that 180 politicians traded over 3,700 times. That totaled over 110, $115 million of volume in from 2019 to 2021.


Out of those, it was literally half, pretty much half Democrats, half Republicans. So they're all doing it. Oh, of course. Out of those 180 politicians though, 90 of them sat on committees that directly oversaw companies that they traded. And you're like, okay, well, so that sounds like a conflict of interest. And then that's what sparked me to get really into this and being like, what actually are the trades that are going on? Are they outperforming? Why are these random companies being bought? And Mike McCall in particular, he checks this kind of box a lot. He, for example, bought this stock in a company called Badger Meters earlier this year. Badger Meters does a water meter solutions. Dunno much about it. It's just for freaking water meters. 2 billion, $3 billion company.


Turns out that the EPAA couple months to his, to be fair, before he bought, signed a mandate saying that all these water systems have to upgrade their technology beneficial for Badger meters. Stock goes up, you then do some further digging, and then you realize that Tulsa Oklahoma passed a $94 million bill to upgrade their own water meter systems right around the time that Mark Wayne Molen bought Badger Meters Oklahoma. Tulsa Oklahoma is the state that Mark Wayne Mullen represents. He's the senator of it. So then you're like EPA passes thing passes the requirement to upgrade the water systems.


Senator buys stock Senator's Home Con Home State gives a hundred million dollars to upgrade water meter systems Pro for Badger meters. Stock is up 50%. I think he's up like 48% on that Badger me in my, I mean, I'm not an investor, so, but I've never heard of badger meters, neither Have I. Okay, Okay, good. I feel better. Yeah, yeah, yeah. No. So you Have two prominent politicians in the Congress buying badger meters in the same period. Just him. Oh, this is just Mark Wayne Mullen. This is just Mark Wayne Mullen. Yep. And that's, no other politicians are buying. I I've never heard of badger meters. I don't know anything about the company. But when you, when you start just connecting all the dots, there's just too many hip like controversial eyebrow raising.


Like, oh wait, the co the, the state that you represent just put a hundred me million dollars to upgrade their water systems. Oh wait, you just bought the company that specializes in upgrading water systems. Oh wait, now the stock has been crushing on earnings and you're still owning it. It's up 40%. He sold it earlier this year. He held it for probably like, I think like eight months. But I think he made like 50%, 40 to 50% on that stock. And again, this isn't an apple, you know, this isn't a Google, this isn't an Nvidia, this is a water company. That's this type of stuff that we see. And You don't think it's possible he was taking tips from Jim Kramer on CNBC? No. No. Funny enough, we have an Inverse Kramer portfolio.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. So


the people Who built this country built it because they wanted freedom. One word freedom. They wanted freedom from oppressors who forced them to buy overpriced tea, then blockaded them when they tried to dump it into the ocean. How'd that work out? Well, we built America in response. So it's time to throw your big overpriced wireless contract overboard to a new tea party. You don't have to pay a hundred dollars a month just to use a phone. Most people don't use that much in services, but they pay it anyway. Our cell phone company, pure Talk says no to those prices. With a qualifying plan, You can choose an iPhone 14 or a Samsung Galaxy for nothing. Zero. Get premium service on America's most Dependable 5G network. It only takes a minute to switch. We highly recommend it. No hassle, no gimmicks, just honest to goodness wireless priced. Right. So you get your iPhone 14 or Samsung Galaxy for nothing. $0 with a qualifying plan. Go to pure talk.com/tucker, visit pure talk.com/tucker for details. America's wireless company.


So how does Kramer do relative to Say, inverse Kramer? Like call he beats them. So Inverse Kramer was up 48% in 2024. Wait, Inverse Kramer. Oh yeah, yeah. The in we have a portfolio that does the opposite of what he does. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm telling you that we're just, we're, we're a group of, you know, we're 15 now out in, in Irvine, California, just fucking around with some of these things. And we're, we're registered with the SEC. We, you know, are you in, you know, and all that. Are you, do You invest in these Funds? Yeah. You can't. So I mean, You can, You can and you can't, I don't buy like the Pelosi ones 'cause I, I, me, I ethically, I don't like to buy the companies that I tweet about. 'cause I don't want to believe in like, if I tweet this, the stock will go up 20%.


Right. You know, I just don't even want to get into that world. I though invest in some of these other strategies. I I have around 5K in a strategy provided by Quiver Quant Great guys. They do what Unusual Wells does. Similar on Instagram and Twitter. They track the lobbying so they see which companies are spending the most on lobbying in DC Yeah. And then they build a strategy around it to see if a strategy like that outperforms the market over time. Well, I know What com what sectors spent a lot Crypto. Yeah. Yep. I mean, I mean I saw them everywhere on the road this fall. Really. We have a JD Vance portfolio. He has some Bitcoin. His portfolio is very good. He is, he only is in the ETFs, so kudos to him.


But he owns some crypto. I will say this about, obviously J d's a friend of mine. So I would defend him, you know, my instinct is to defend him and I love JD Vance, but I would say without knowing any details, And he like had a legitimate, you know, career in that world before. Oh, a Hundred. Yeah. He, So You can at least say JD Vance knows what an ET TF is, you know? Yeah. And also credit to him, he, so he was a VC founders fund. You know, I, I come, I don't come from this world, but I know this 'cause you know, our app is venture backed. He had, again, credit to him, he had money in Rumble. So YouTube's competitor before he via his venture capital firm, I, I can't confirm this, I've never met him. But when he be got into office before he became vp, he sold out a rumble.


So only the, the stocks that he owns are just the main ETFs. Can I ask you, is there some easy or workable way for members of Congress to put all their investments into some blind Yeah. Blind trust. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. So this is where it gets complex and I'd be curious to hear your take on this. So there's bills out there to get it banned. You know, I think social media has done a tremendous job with this, with the Pelosi tracker, with all of us trying to call out with our app. It's like our app part of it is built to highlight the hypocrisy of just how big of a problem this is. $500 million shouldn't be copying Pelosi. If they are like that's a problem. Yes.


So, to credit to some of these politicians, a OC has done a lot, you know, she's a fiery figure, but she has had two bills. She actually just released a bill a week ago called the Restore Faith in Government Act. Yes. And it calls for banning political stock trading. There's been around five bills. That's good for her. Yeah. Yeah. She's been, she had a bill with Matt Gates. Yeah. The bill that's got the farthest, and this is where, this is just frustrates me with all the stuff going on, is there was a bill introduced by Josh Howley, John Ossoff, and a couple other politicians. The reason why that one's important is 'cause they got that to the Senate. In, in the Senate while they were in one of the committees.


The way that the bills enter the floor is they have to get passed off by the committee. This is the bill that made it the farthest in that bill though, they o they offered kind of four things. First members can't trade stocks by 2025. This was introduced to 2024 members can't trade stocks. Second spouses, independents can't trade stocks through 20, 27. Third, any private investment you have, you have to sell out of, to run to become a politician. No, no one has ever asked for that. And that has never come up. And that became a big, big problem. This is where it gets scary. And we have to be careful with like what we're essentially pushing for.


So what everyone has asked for on these bills is no trading, no members and their spouses can trade putting in a blind trust. Now, this fourth bill, no trading, no members and spouse blind trust. But also you have to sell out of every private investment. And that when you, when they started debating it, Mitt Romney, Tim Scott, and a couple other politicians on it, were like, wait a second, we can't vote yes on this. Like let's take, if you guys are telling me that any future politician that wants to run has to sell outta private investments, that could become a major, major problem. You know, if you want to run and be a politician, you'd have to sell outta your businesses. If I were to run, I would've to sell it to my businesses.


A farmer would've to sell it of his, his family businesses. Is that right? Like, why are we essentially doing that? And when you take a step back, at the time this was, you know, Kamala versus Trump. Kamala just picked Tim Waltz to be the vp. And you think about where the directions of each party are going. If you have a bill out there that bans politicians from owning in private investments, you are turning off kind of a whole part of future people. Yeah. And I mean, you know, it you, you do kind of want people who are invested in the country, you know, who have some like longitudinal stake in America.


Yep. I mean I do think that like I'm fighting for my, that's why I believe in home ownership, you know, 'cause like I own a piece of ground here, you know, It's crazy. It's crazy. It's my country, you know? And you know, it's crazy. You had Trump and JD Vance, JD Vance probably the most in my lifetime, the smartest, like most accomplished like guy running for politics that I've ever seen. I think he's just, I totally Agree. He's Tremendous. You got him with Trump business guys first. Politicians second. Yeah. You got Vivek business politician Second on the other side. You got Kamala career long politician, 20 plus years. Just Parasite. Yeah. J Tim Waltz. Tim Waltz, he, you have to disclose what you own.


He doesn't own anything. Like you even just said like, I own part of land in America. He doesn't, from my memory, he doesn't own a house. The only thing he owned on that public disclosure was a teacher's pension. And then you start, it's like, where can we go with this path of, you know, pro business, successful, competent people running our country versus career long politicians that just know how to play the Game of Thrones in politics to be able to get to where they want. Exactly. Nicely put That scared the shit outta me when they started talking about that at that. Well It may be just a way to kill the whole idea. So that was the other thing is that a kill pill?


And I, again, this is why like, I don't know. Yeah. Just don't use insider information that you get with my money in the, we own all that information that belongs to us does not belong to Mike McCall or any of these other douche bags. Yeah. Corrupt douche bags. Like Mike McCall. Yeah. Who's I just wanna say again is a corrupt douche bag. I just wanna say that really clearly. But they don't own this information. It belongs to the public. It belongs to the US government, which is owned by the people who are citizens of this country. So just stop that. Yeah. But you don't wanna encourage like government by, you know, people who own nothing. Like what government, by the homeless. I want people who are like, no, my kids live here. My grandkids live here. This is our family farm or whatever. Like you want that Right.


Skin in the game. It it Skin in the game. I'm gonna protect this country 'cause it's mine. Yeah, Yeah. A hundred percent. And gimme the incentive. I'll give you the outcome. It's like if you have politicians that are incentivized for the good of America, families, you know, it's like, I totally agree. J Man's kids Trump pro-family. Exactly. You're gonna build for your grandkids, not for you. I would ban childless politicians from having too much power. Yeah. 'cause it's like you're not, I just know anyone who has kids will tell you. It's like you're really worried about that at a certain point. Why do you care? You're gonna die anyway, but you care about the next generation. You know, it's Real. Yeah. You know, give Roca Hana credit the representative out of San Francisco, he's doing a lot on social media.


He doesn't have as much power, but he's calling for term limits. Yeah. And I think, 'cause we're looking at, you know, again, I'm 29. I'm not, I don't, I'm just out here just calling citizen journalism on X. Yes. Being like, this is ridiculous. Let me build with my, like my skillset is I feel like I can do, I know how to use social media algorithms and I know how to build a product to get people involved in it. Let me use this as The best way in my ability as an American citizen to promote change, to bring trust back into the institutions. A big part of the problem looking at it is like, what are these 85 year olds doing? I agree. And you know, for 30 Years it's just so obviously unwise. Yeah. You know?


Yeah. At 85, at 75, you know, it's just harder to Yeah. Don't have the mental acuity. That's just a fact. It's a biological fact. But ignoring biology is one of our main, our main past times at this Point. I've grown up with that. Yeah. My mom's a pediatrician. I know. Oh, is she really? Yeah. Yeah, Yeah. Believes in biology, I assume. Oh, for sure. Yeah. That's pretty funny. So tell us about the war stocks. I'm sorry I had to calm down before you went down that that's really dark. Yeah. Do you think it's possible that people are encouraging war because they're profiting from it? Yeah. That this is the, this topic gets a lot of conversation on TikTok and Instagram.


I bet Particularly. I bet. Just mainly because it's like war Monering, not war Monering. The idea of even being able to profit from war probably shouldn't be allowed. Of course not. But they do. And you know, whether they do it inherently or not, if the three main companies are Lockheed Martin, general Dynamics and Raytheon Technologies. Raytheon. Raytheon's hard because Raytheon is the company behind the Israel's Iron Dome. Yes. So Israel and Hamas, that's pro Raytheon. Like Raytheon's now selling missiles for the Iron Dome that we're watching on X go off every two days back then. Right. When that all with Iran and all that and, and Lebanon.


But the politicians, Mark Wayne Mullen, he sits on the Armed Services Committee. He owns Raytheon and Lockheed Martin. And we've called them out for it because that's to another degree. 'cause you sit on the committee, never never heard anything about it. Unusual Whales has a great report on this. What Could possibly, and again, I'm, I've only met Mark Wayne Mullen once. He's a friend of a friend of mine who says he's great. He seemed nice. But what could possibly be the excuse for owning defense stocks if you sit on the committee that funds them? My, yeah. So my, this is what's the problem with the way that just they disclose right now is, I don't know which ones are theirs or which ones are being run by a financial advisor.


'cause two, some of the pol, some of them have financial advisors running their portfolios, but they still have to disclose it. My hope is that it's financial advisors running some of these portfolios. My hope, would they, and I'm sure that's right. I mean I'm, I guess I have stocks. I have no idea what they are. I'm not Yeah. You know, whatever. I've got some person doing that, I guess. But I would hope that they would be thoughtful enough that if you sit on a committee that's, you know, overseeing an industry that you would just call up to your broker and say, Hey, we can't buy anything that I regulate. Five minutes. That's all it takes. Right? Yeah. And again, this is, And you put that out there publicly And he still owns those.


Yeah. We call out everybody. Yeah. Yeah. There's no one that we, I, there's no politic. Like we called out the new politician this morning, can't remember his name. Republican from Kentucky, who sits on the accountability committee. He traded for the first time in three years. We made a tweet about him. Dan Goldman. So Dan Goldman, he's a rich guy from New York. We called him out to the point where he stopped trading 'cause we were making all these tweets of like, well He's got a ton of inherited money at him. A Ton of inherited money. Yeah. And credit to him. But I think this is the power of social media, and I think this is a win in my opinion, is like, put it in a blind trust or just tell your, while you're a freaking politician, just go put it in the market.


Like, just don't buy individual stocks for the four or five years, eight, 10 years. Just Put an index fund. Just Put it in an index fund. Yeah. It's not just do what everyone else is doing. You know, like, well That's such a good point. I, it's not rocket science. And that's why I don't feel bad for calling out anybody because it's like, like Dan Crenshaw, you're gonna complain about it. Just sell out of it and go put it in an index fund. No one's stopping you. Well then You can plausibly, say if you had an index fund, which is just the, the whole market, you could just say, I'm betting on America. Great. Good for you. I want you to do That Pro America. And that's why, like, if, if you were to ask me what is the solution? I think the solution is kind of two things for how do you solve this whole thing.


And again, like our mission is we're trying to instill trust back in society. Like I'm pro-America, you know, I want my grandkids to do well. I don't think society functions if you can't trust your institutions. That's right. And it starts with the politicians. Like, look at, I'm going off on a tangent, but you know, please do you know I live in LA California. Your heart breaks for it. And then you just are like, I don't know what to believe. 'cause these, you got newsom, you got everything going on on X. There's conflicting sides. And you go on and you say, Hey, if you loot, you will get arrested. Okay. You guys are telling me that I've watched for the past two years, everybody loot and no one get arrested.


So you're now at this point where we're supposed to trust you on this fact that oh, if you loot now, you'll get arrested. Meanwhile, you've promoted and incentivized that behavior for people to get away with it. And what do you think happens? No one's gonna believe you. The trust is gone. What happens? So Do you feel, this is sidebar, but you feel as a resident of La Santa Monica, you've, you've watched looting for the past two years. That's 'cause that's really what it is actually. Yeah. I, yeah. I, I haven't seen it in particular. But I mean, you can't walk into a CVS like the amount of times I've walked into CVS and your heart breaks for the, the little girl behind the cashier having to deal with these guys is walking in and out.


Like, 'cause you do see it and it's scary that that's looting on smaller proportions. But you, you for sure see it in California. I think it's major. I think things fall apart when you see stuff like that. Why doesn't someone shoot them? I I always think that, I only see it on video. I I haven't been to a CVS in a while. Yeah. But I think it's just a, it's like you're begging for total collapse if you allow that E Exactly. And my, I I'm a first principle thinker. I think it's trust. Of course. I just don't think people trust that things will get done. And now if you take it out, you know, I love California. I I don't think it's as bad as people make it sound. Yeah. But if you can't trust the politicians, society crumbles. Yes. And I see with the trading, if you can't trust the majority of politicians, America will crumble.


Yes. 'cause why would I believe what the politician is telling me while I'm watching them do these other things right in front of my face and I can't do anything about it. Yes. So we want them banned to get the trust back into that. Of course. But the problem with the ban is, is it constant, like if in that ban you would have to ban the kids and you would've to ban the spouses from trading, is it constitutionally allowed to say, Hey, you know, say you're a senator from Florida and you're like, Hey Tucker, you wanna be a senator? That's fine. But per the stock act now your kids can't trade stocks and your spouses can't trade stocks. What if your kid is a hedge fund manager or your kid is, you know, I get it.


Like, how do you ban that kid? It it's Hard. It's hard. I mean, well, like any, any system is voluntary basically. Yeah. I mean, if everyone tries to subvert a system of any kind, the system will collapse. So people have to decide like, I wanna be a better person and not Yeah. Take everything I can. Don't be greedy. Don't be selfish. I mean it's the things you tell your kids. Yeah. It like you, you show up at somebody's house, you're eight years old on Halloween and there's a huge basket. Yeah. You're not taking every, every Don't take every one. Yeah. When you're Halloween trick or treating, you're not taking every big Reese's bar. They Don't, they don't have Halloween in Africa. 'cause people just take every, every Reese's bar. Yeah, yeah. But here we always have because there's a lot of self restraint in the population. Yeah.


So what do you do about that? Yeah. I don't know. I don't know either. But I think a solution though can be in this is where like get rid of the delay, make them file the same day so that you increase transparency around that. How long is the delay now? 45 days. And I don't, I did a lot of research. I couldn't figure out why there was a delay to begin with. Like, I, I don't understand why, why do you need a 45 day delay? I dunno. That's per the stock act. But also once you get rid of the delay, just make it so that either the politicians have to invest in a blind trust or major ETFs or if you're not gonna go that far, just don't allow them to trade companies. They oversee.


And it's very, very simple. If I'm a consultant covering pharmaceutical industry at Deloitte, Deloitte does not allow that consultant to buy pharmaceutical stocks. They can buy other stocks of course. Yeah. But they can't buy pharmaceutical Of course. And like it's all just a step in the right direction towards something that like we can get on the right path to trusting the politicians again. And that's like my goal. I think the fact you're watching makes a big difference. Yeah. I mean it has to, right? I think it has. Yeah. That's what I tell myself. Have you Thought about, you know, calling DOJ or copying DOJ on some of these social media posts and saying, you know, maybe there, there should be a, a criminal referral here. Yeah.


And we haven't. Maybe that's the next step. We, the SEC has never investigated any of them. And I think the SEC just has a ton of stuff on their hands to be honest. Like, well that's for Sure. We will see what happens. Because There's lot of corruption in the country now. It's not just for Congress. Yeah. And yeah. And the, the hard part about this is the SEC with there's billion dollar schemes. Like they should have found SBF, you know, kind of thing. Yeah. The politicians is not the major, major thing on the monetary side. I agree. But it is though on the public image side. And that's what I think, like I don't think people understand the long-term effects of not trusting institutions. I Totally agree. And there should be a priesthood, a secular priesthood in charge. Yeah.


I mean, you know, that's why they call 'em public servants. Yeah. You know, they're, they're, they're giving up something to serve their country. I don't think that's unfair to, to ask people To do. I feel like they've forgotten about it. They forgot the whole, I've Noticed, you Know,


if You've been paying attention, you know that ALF is not just another nicotine pouch. It is literally The best nicotine pouch in the world. And we know because we use it all day long, we've used all of them. Turns out You can actually make money by telling people about a, we're launching our affiliate program. If you have an audience, big or small, You can cash in. You earn 10% commission on every sale of out that you bring in. And to make it even easier, we'll give you a 10% off link for your followers. They save, you earn. It's really simple by the way, compared to all the other products people sell online. ALP is truly good. It's delicious. It's easy to sell because it's heartfelt. So spread the word. Get rewarded for it. You can sign up@apouch.com. It's alp pouch.com. ALP POUC h.com. Best nicotine pouch in the world.


Howard Defense stocks doing, They're up. They're up. They, they had a, they weren't up earlier this year I believe, but I think they are. I think the one that I followed in particular is Raytheon and I think Raytheon's up around 80%. So my thought is Lockheed and General Dynamics are up too. But there's smaller ones. I mean, Tommy Tuberville bought this company called Huma Site. And what Huma site does is it treats soldiers injured in war in Ukraine. And he bought that stock. We flagged it because he sits on the Armed Services Committee. And if you go on the armed services website, it literally says helping companies do military research.


He buys a company that does military research. The stock was up, I think like at the peak of it. A hundred percent. He sold out early. So I think he made 30%. But it's not even just like, my point is it's not necessarily even just Lockheed Raytheon. Right. It's these companies that get military government contracts to help the, the long tails of That's All of Northern Virginia. Yeah, Right there. I know. Yeah. I was listening to a couple of your other podcast teams. Yeah, No, I mean I'm, I've spent my life there. So I'm deeply resentful and it's also very ugly, which tells you a lot what they do for a living is ugly killing people is the ugliest thing you could do. But they've also constructed an incredibly ugly world physically. Like if you drive from Dallas Airport into the city, you see not a single pretty building.


Yeah. Everything is awful. And it's a reflection of their souls in my opinion. Others disagree. Tell us, and I went right over this, I'm sorry, but about Jim Cramer. You have an inverse Jim Cramer. So if you were to invest with Jim Kramer, would you do better or worse than say Debbie Waserman Schultz or Nancy P


In 2024 you would've done better. And this is all up if people want to go on join autopilot.com or even on our app autopilot, you'll see all these numbers. 'cause I don't wanna mess up the numbers and Yeah, of course. Tell people. Of course. Yeah. But Kramer was up 48%. Stock market was up around 25%. He Was up not inverse. Oh, sorry, sorry. Inver Inverse Kramer was up 48%. Oh, inverse cra. Okay. So, so when you're talking about Kramer, you're talking about Kramer stupid. I do the opposite. Opposite. The opposite of Kramer was up 48%. And we balance that thing on a monthly basis. He has his own stock group, which maybe we'll pay to get the subscription in to actually see the stocks that he's talking about. He has this through CNBC. But yeah, it, it was a Inverse. Inverse. Kramer has done 48. Yeah, it's That's crazy. It's, Do you think it's a gag? Like I think it's social media, not even social media. I think it's just how media works. It's headlines and you have to talk about, but he's Like a Harvard graduate who's like a genius. Everybody. So I mean I know I'm obviously not a genius, but, but he's employed to tell you about the stock market. But betting against him gets you 48%. Like how does that go? And he has a private stock market group that does all this stuff that he tells people with personal stock picks and stuff like that. So it's not even just he gets employed and does it on social media and tv. He has a personal group that does it. But yeah, that, that one blows my mind. 'cause I don't know how, I don't know how You can say don't, you know, sell Tesla and the stock goes up a hundred percent. There's a tremendous video from when early days with Tesla when Kramer is essentially talking about, Tesla says it's trash, get rid of it. Don't even talk about it from that day. The stock sum thousands, thousands and thousands of percent up. What do you think Elon loves it. Do you Think that is, do you think like Kramer, like why would they employ Kramer? Why? How could he be that bad if you just employed like your dog? Yeah. Or a whole bunch of dogs you Get a chicken. Yeah, exactly. Working On a bun. That's exactly right. Yeah. Yeah. Do you have any guesses? No, I mean I think like If I'm thinking about it, 'cause I like, I haven't really thought too much about it on the sense of how does it actually, like how can it actually do it? So, well my thought is maybe though like the way that the markets work and I'm no expert at this, is, you know, you want to buy the news and sell the, or buy the buildup and then you sell the news. Yeah. Kramer can just be slow with getting onto these popular stocks so that by the time he's talking about Tesla, by the time he's talking about, hey, you know they're overvalue, go buy Nvidia. Yeah. It's like, yeah you, everyone's been talking about Nvidia for six months before you start talking about it. The portfolio that we have for him on autopilot is $15 million following him, following his inverse picks. So essentially there's a, we have a pseudo ETF ish sort of thing that does the exact opposite. All based on His stupidity. All based on his stupidity. Yeah. Or all based on what he thinks is right that turns out to be wrong. That's incredible. Yeah. The, You got venture backing for all because it does sound like, yeah I love everything. I love it all. But the fact that you made a business out of it is especially amazing. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's been a journey. And again, like I don't come from this world, you know, I was living in Bali before we started this thing and Brian, Aaron Scott, my co-founders, like we all did this stuff together. We didn't think it would get this big, we got a lot of nos. And like the slogan of what our app essentially was was invest like a politician. So like if your app says invest like a politician, how big can that thing actually become? How popular can that actually be? Turns out it can be very popular because not only are they good, it's also the perfect, it's the perfect way to highlight the hypocrisy because it's what better way to highlight the hypocrisy of politician stocks trading than to literally build an app to invest alongside that hypocrisy. And then next thing you know, you got a b, c news talking about us, Elon's retweeted us major thanks to you. This is the first time we've ever, we've ever had a long form conversation about this. Our app is we, when we launched it, we were number two in the app store. No way. Like the whole thing blew up right before our very eyes. Yeah. And the Pelosi tracker was a great part


of that. But we have much, much bigger, much broader ambitions. And that's where the venture, the venture backed part company, What's so cool is that, so you built a whole business mocking and simultaneously profiting from the corruption of politicians. But you're at the same time calling for an end to it. If we lose the politician stock trading, we lose a major chunk of our business For sure. But You're still in favor of losing it. A hundred Percent. A hundred percent. 'cause our mission is to instill trust back in the institutions. And I, I'm not an expert at this but this topic. But like the way that we see it is knock out the politicians.


And this is all through autopilot. Autopilots are like our slogan in the broader, when we pitch investors, I love the name by the way. Yeah, I know. Put your money on it. It's to redefine money management. So I'm 29 and we're about to go through the greatest wealth transfer and they're through the world. Yes. You know, 85 trillion's about to be parked on people. Like my doorstep say I got half a million dollars. This is When the boomers die. Yeah. Yeah. This is when the boomers die and part of that money is in housing. But there still is a lot that goes into money management. 75% of kids who inherit their parents' money fire their parents' financial advisor the day they get that money. So now you got a kid who has half a million dollars parked on his lap, fires the financial manager.


'cause it's like, who the heck are you? And now they have to make the decisions of how do I invest this money? Do I do it on my own? Do I do it through a Google search? Pick the top financial advisor, do I do it through a friend? We think there's a lot of problems in that and there's no trust and transparency in those decisions. So with autopilot what we're trying to do is solve that trust and transparent way by building a marketplace to find a money manager and then invest through that money manager in a way that you still have control. And I, I think like what you said earlier, you know, I'm sorry for rambling, but No, I love it. The, the big, big thing that we're trying to do is we're trying to ensure that people's money builds the futures that they want.


Yes. And I think in 20 30, 20 35, 20 40, this is gonna gonna become a bigger and bigger thing. And a good example of the early inklings of this is this, whether it's conspiracy theory or not, you know, we'll, we'll see what happens with it. But this, this topic of BlackRock and Vanguard having money in taking the, the assets in their own ETFs and stuff and using that to sway public laws and public opinion in the, the company in the states that they oversee. They're getting sued in Texas. They're getting sued in Florida. And part of like what, again, whether that's true or not, what annoys me personally when I invest is I want to make sure that my money goes towards my beliefs.


And if you have someone else managing your money or you put your money in a vanguard, you put your money in a BlackRock, there's possibilities for that to happen at a much broader scale. Exactly. Than if you do it on your own Ex. That's exactly Right. And that's like what we're trying to, we're trying to build that, we're trying to essentially build out the way that You can have your money managed without you having to sacrifice your own values, your own voter li rights, your own beliefs. Exactly. Yeah. You don't want to turn over your money to someone who is trying to eliminate all your rights. I mean that's crazy. It's contradictory and it works for both sides. Like it, I don't, for me personally pro America, I don't want any dollars invested in Chinese stocks. No. And like if I have, you know, maybe a couple hundred bucks if you're trying to swing an Alibaba, but if like you got a half a million dollars in that retirement, I don't want any of that invested in Alibaba.


'cause inherently you are funding a future where Alibaba succeeds. Like do you want that? And the other side is like, we have customers and we have clients that are like, I don't want my money building invested in oil companies. Like I want to be pro ev. It's like, okay, but did you know that you got your retirement account with these other people And they, they have money in Chevron Oxy. Right. You know, things like that. That's like what we're trying to solve and trying to build to. And again, it all starts with just trust. 'cause if you can't trust even where your money is being invested, what does that mean? In my opinion, that means society is worse off. 'cause You don't even trust how your money is being managed in that state that you're in.


Right. And it, it changes people if they conclude that the whole, the whole deal is a scam. Yeah. I live a lot of the year in a really rural area and my whole life the no one I knew ever took any government benefits. 'cause the idea was that we're like proud, you know, working class people were not doing that. And then the state brought in all these immigrants from Africa and gave them everything. You know, houses, phones, airplane tickets, food vouchers, free medical, just these are immigrants getting all this free stuff and everyone in the town or I am, which very few immigrants or PE people, not everyone, people I knew were like, wait a second. You know, I served in the military, I've worked paid tax my whole life.


I never gotten anything from the government. Screw it. I'm putting in for any, any benefit I possibly can in it. And it, you know, on the, it's easy for me to disapprove 'cause I'm rich. So it's like I don't have to do that, but I got it. Yeah. It's like they all of a sudden realize people who've lived in this country their whole lives, you know, did a lot for the country. I would argue they realize the whole thing's a freaking scam. So I might as well get in on it. If you have that attitude, man, things fall apart like that. Look at Covid. Exactly. Yeah. Happened with all the covid loans, The PPO stuff or Whatever. Yeah. Pelosi was a big part of this too. The PPO stuff. The, the PO with the the employees. Yeah. So there's documents. So Pelosi owns a hotel up in Napa.


I think it's a hotel. Yeah. And she has had this one property that has made a hundred thousand dollars lost a hundred thou. And you all have to file this every year. And in it you have your income made a hundred k lost a hundred k made a hundred k lost a hundred K. The year that covid happened, they made 5 million plus in profit. So how do you go from, and this is income, this isn't necessarily even just like, like it's not necessarily loans or anything. This is income. You lose a hundred K, you make a hundred k, COVID happens, the loans go out. Your business now makes 5 million. Year after that you go back down to making a hundred K and then making a hundred K.


Losing a hundred K. So there was an anomaly, this came out I think by the New York Post right after Thanksgiving I think. And they highlight this and it's like, was the corruption around these PPP loans, these, you know, covid loans, did this get up to the degree that the politicians were benefiting from this too? And it seems like it did. So that's again like the, that frustrates me. 'cause that we have a family company. We sell sports compression products, little arm sleeves. We don't necessarily have employees, but you know, we're, we're a small family business. We took out a loan to survive 'cause we sell in sports. Sports got canceled.


We had to pay that loan back, which is fine. We knew that when we took it out that we have to pay this loan back. But that loan money didn't go towards profiting us. It essentially went towards sustaining us. We had to pay it back though. That loan to Pelosi, the the $5 million that she makes that comes in as income. You don't have to pay it back. 'cause it, it, it's just so messed up. It's Disgusting. Yeah. It's, and again, I don't come from any of this stuff. I know nothing about the politics and how it was before we started tracking. And it just shocks me of like these rules for thee and not for me to the every single aspect of our lives.


You should be shocked by it. You should fight against it. You are. I hope you get, ironically, I hope you get rich, but against it. And I really appreciate that explanation. It was even more interesting than I thought. Thank you. Thank You. Appreciate it. And Thank you again for having me on. Dude, you, You're one of the reasons I like social media. Whenever I think, oh, social media is turning everyone trans and it's bad. Yeah. Then I see what you do and I'm like, no, it's actually, there are some great things. And it's not just us. I, I think Elon with X Yeah. Saved everything. 'cause we had a Pelosi tracker on meta banned And they banned it banned the first week. Yeah. Why? I think in their disclaimer and stuff, whatnot, they said they couldn't use the name Pelosi Tracker. You Can't criticize any politician from the Bay Area where They're based.


Yeah. And so we then created and we did the politician trade tracker. So we we're on Instagram now, but, but Elon with X in the, the citizen journalism that's going on. Yeah. I think that's like the, the biggest thing that I get I'm proud of is like in whether these news, CNN's, Fox News, NBCs, and I don't know how they're gonna adapt to it. They're not. But they have to figure out a way to hit the masses through social media. And The best people at it are these citizen journalists on X that are doing all this work, that are uncovering these stories. They may not have all the facts, they may not be a hundred percent right. There's probably some grifters out there, but at the end of the day, the conversation's being had and it's a step in the right direction.


Oh, it's wonderful. Yeah. Everything about it is wonderful. Thank you for taking this Time. I appreciate it. I do. We wanna Thank you for watching us on Spotify company that we use every day. We know the people who run it. Good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bell so you never miss an episode. We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter. Telling the truth always. You will not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell. We appreciate it. Thanks for watching.