
Every day. Thousands of Comcast engineers and technologists, like Kunle put people at the heart of everything they create In the average household. There are dozens of connected devices here in the Comcast family. We're building an integrated in-home wifi solution for millions of families like my own. It brings people together in meaningful ways. Kunle and his team are building a wifi experience that connects 1 billion devices every year. Learn more about how Comcast is redefining the future of connectivity@comcastcorporation.com slash wifi.


Welcome to Tucker Carlson Show. We bring you stories that have not been showcased anywhere else, and they're not censored, of course, because we're not gatekeepers. We are honest brokers here to tell you what we think you need to know and do it honestly. Check out all of our content at Tucker Carlson dot com. Here's the episode. We are now three days out from the election. There's a mad scramble, of course, in Washington for people to get positions of power in the new administration. Some of 'em are good people, some of 'em are not. You are being widely discussed as potentially the next National Security advisor or Secretary of Defense taking over DODI.


I don't know what's gonna happen. I, I fairly confident you'll play a, a large and meaningful role in this administration. You're never gonna say any of that, but I just, I thought, I thought that the audience might like some context for where we're having this conversation. I, I think you're one of the very few people with deep experience in national security who shares the president's priorities on national security, which is amazing. There are not too many. You're, I would say the, the leader of them. There's the context. What does this next administration need to do in order to remain true to The president? Elect's articulated positions on Warren Peace. Well, Thank you Tucker, and Thank you very much.


First off, for your confidence in me, it means a great deal. I don't, I don't make any. It's heartfelt. I well, I, I, I know and that, that's why I'm, I'm deeply grateful and honored and I, I clearly don't make any presumptions about any role for myself. But what I would, what I would say, and I mean this with all sincerity, is that I think The president of the United States, The President Elect, is exactly right. That we stand on the possible precipice of World War iii and we need a fundamental change before we ram right into the iceberg. I mean, I think the election is over, but this remains absolute true. Is that what I call the Liberal Primacy Alliance. Basically, the kind of policies of President Biden and Vice President Harris aligned with the primacy, I call them, we could have called them as NeoCon conservatives, have led us to a situation in which we're overextended.


We're on the brink of war in multiple theaters, and we could lose them. And I really want peace. And more importantly, president Trump ran to his, you know, historic credit on an agenda, as he said, of, you know, on, on his sort of victory speech. I don't start wars, I end them now. I think my view is that we have to have, how how you actually get to peace is a difficult question. And, and I had the honor of being on your show a few years ago when my book came out. And I'm, I, I remember, I dunno if you recall, but I said, I was thinking about your question to President Trump about why is it worth defending allies? And I gave that a lot of thought. And that, and in a sense, my book is a response to that question. And I think you do need strength.


You do. But well, of course, and, and you need peace through strength. But that, that term has become cheapened and distorted to become basically an excuse for an aggressive expansionist approach to foreign policy. But I think you do, you, you know, it's, it's real meaning. And President Trump is, in a sense, going back to the great tradition of the Republican party, the Weinberger doctrine, the Powell Doctrine. Yes. Nixon, Eisenhower, as Bob Dole used to put it, these are Democrat wars that used to be Democrats that started wars and Republicans that ended or avoided them. Eisenhower didn't go into Vietnam in 1954. He did not intervene in Hungary in 1956. Again, he, nobody thought he was a weak guy. So what needs to happen right now, Before you get into that, I, I just think it might be helpful to describe where we are now.


Yeah. 'cause a lot of Americans, I'm in this category, we're so absorbed in the election. Right. That we may have lost touch with what you opened your remarks by noting, which is we're on the brink of war in multiple theaters. Just will you tell us where we Are? Absolutely. Well, I think for the first time in ba basically 150 years, we are not clearly the world's largest economy. We compete for that with China. And they are a far larger industrial power. Russia in purchasing power parity terms is a very large economy with enormous industrial production capacity. So North Korea advancing its nuclear missile program. So Russia is a larger manufacturing economy than a lot of us appreciated, I think. Yeah, I mean, I I, despite a lot of boasting, they're still outproducing the North Atlantic Alliance, including the United States in artillery production, which is old technology by like a factor of two or three Iran's two weeks from a, a nuclear weapon according to Tony Blinken.


And worse, these, these actors have come together. Now you will hear from the sort of primacy and liberals that that means that we have to fight them all at the same time. No, to the country. It means they're collaborating together precisely to tie us down and deplete us. And that's what's happened in the war in Ukraine, where we have expended a tremendous amount of weapons, ditto in places like attacking the Houthis and so forth. At the same time, our, our defense industrial base has wildly atrophied from where it was 30 years ago. And this is why the agenda for Reindustrialization is so important. But that's gonna take a long time as Senator Vance has, has pointed out. Meantime, China, Wait, so can I say it's not, I I mean, I thought one of the, the justifications, the main justification for this wildly inflated Ukraine funding was that it was gonna help reestablish America's didn't happen industrial base.


And That In fact, one of the, the, the most kind of often used arguments by a lot of the advocates for the war in Ukraine was that we would sort of degrade the Russian military for a song and restore our defense industrial base. At the same time, actually more or less the worst, the, the reverse has happened. The Russian military is, is larger. And this is, you know, general Koli, the Sura has admitted this, the Russian military is larger. It's battle hardened. I mean, our military has not fought a peer adversary, well, I mean really since World War ii, but certainly since Vietnam and, and Korea. The Russians have gone toe to toe with Ukrainians who are capable. And they have a, a revved up defense industry at the same time. So in a sense, we're worse meantime, the Europeans have basically been asleep at the switch, not not going through with their defense buildup with a few noble exceptions like Poland.


So, and then you look at China, which is the, by far the most for formidable challenger, 10 times the GDP of Russia. This administration, Tony Blinken has said, Xi Jinping has given the instructions to their military to be ready for a war over Taiwan by 2027. Frank Kendall, the secretary of the Air Force in the Biden Administration, said the other day that he thinks the, the Chinese military will say, they're ready. We have to be ready for this. My view is we desperately want peace. The Chinese are going to look at us both in terms of our strength, but also in terms of our political commitments. And this is where I think President Trump has been exactly right, which is being willing to talk to President Xi Jinping, not insulting President Xi Jinping and President Putin and others unnecessarily not supporting things like Taiwan independence.


And at the same time being prepared to be strong. And this is where I think if, if, if we appoint, or if, if people are put into positions of power who think that we can walk in, chew gum and do everything and start wars in three different theaters at the same time, not only will that be bad like it was in the Iraq war, and it's often the same people, it will be far more catastrophic. Tucker, I don't, I don't think this is an exaggeration. I think we stand on the precipice of losing a major power war for the first time in our history. So people need to know what time it is. And that really requires focusing on China with the purpose of peace like we did in the Cold War, which was to say, we're gonna be strong. We're not gonna go over the line like Eisenhower did in 1950. He's not gonna go into Hungary. We're not gonna go into Czechoslovak in 1968, but don't come across our line.


'cause you see, you're, it's not gonna succeed for you. So I think we really stand at a crossroads, and I think President Trump has a mandate for peace. So don't IIII, I just as an American, whatever happens to me, I so hope that we don't end up with the, the same failed recipe of starting wars all over the place or getting enmeshed in conflicts when we can't, we can't afford to do so, and they're not the interest of the American people from A non-expert position, which is my position, just as someone who's watching kind of, there does seem to be broad recognition that whatever our objectives in Ukraine were, we, we didn't achieve them. And we can't, Zelensky immediately comes out upon Trump's election and says, actually I'm for peace. That does maybe seem like it's winding down.


Who knows? I hope. Yeah. But the noises are consistent with winding down. Yeah. So, but at the same time, the very people who are pushing that war all of a sudden, like very excited about a war with Iran. Yeah. It's like they just seamlessly mo it's like, oh, Ukraine, whatever. Actually the real problem is Iran and telling us that Iran's trying to murder President Trump, et cetera, et cetera. I don't know what's true. I don't. But how would the United States, what would happen if we went to war with Iran? Well, I mean, I think, you know, look, Iran's a bad regime. We don't want to have a nuclear weapon. Of course, we don't wanna, of course it's, we wanna support Israel. We don't want to be, be able to support groups attacking Israel, et cetera, et cetera. But like, haven't we learned the lesson over the last 25 years about the ill-advised nature of very significant conflicts in the Middle East that don't have clear goals and clear connection to American interest.


Like, haven't we been a, like didn't we run this experiment a couple times? And it's often the, like the exact same people calling for war with Iran who were involved in in the past. And it's like, shouldn't there be some degree of accountability? Moreover, yeah. Thanks. It's, it's like a bad idea in itself. I mean, you know, like I was criticized in the Bulwark by Eric Edelman, who is Dick Cheney's advisor and number three at The Pentagon under Bush. He said, my ideas were iconoclastic. And I was like, Thank you. I'm, I'm delighted that you think my ideas are icono and How could Eric Edelman be writing with any credibility at all on foreign policy questions after being, you know, intimately involved in the Iraq war and then never apologizing. I don't under, there should be some international authority that requires contrition, like a, like a moral un where you don't get to say another word until You don ashes and sackcloth and apologize.


I mean, who, Who among us is an, I'm certainly not Iner, I'm certainly not infallible, but like at least show some, you know, it's like Paul Jago, the Washington Wall Street Journal a couple, like a year ago, gave a speech to a, I treated the Iraq war is like a mulligan. You know, it's like, ah, I think that's like a big deal. And you know, obviously a lot of people gotta, you know, had different views, et cetera. But it's like, it's kind of show the contrition, show the penance, show the show the learning. And so that I think is, you know, the other thing though, Tucker is like, it's the same people who are calling for attacking Iran, who are also calling for escalating the war in Ukraine. Or even in no fly zone, recognizing an independent Taiwan or getting in a war with China or attacking North Korea. It's like, if we do all those things, we, we know objectively as a fact that our military is not capable of fighting more than one major war at a time.


So even if you did want to, getting in multiple fights with people at the same time is just like foolhardy. And I mean, but, but the, the way I think about it is the Washington blob establishment can get us into wars and crises, but they can't fix the problem. Right? So it's really important right now. And it, it seems to me that, you know, just listening to President Trump and his historic victory, the decisive mandate he got his leadership, his mandate, his agenda for peace from position of strength, use the military sparingly, but have it be strong. It's really important not to get enmeshed all over the place and, and either bleed ourselves out or in catastrophic multi-front loss. I, I think that's the last thing Donald Trump wants, certainly Seems that way, right?


I mean the, the arc of his life is just, is so remarkable. The redemption that we just saw on Tuesday. It's amazing. Yeah. Without precedent really in American history. Sure. And So if you wanted to destroy his presidency, his second presidency, what's, you know, what, what's the one foolproof way to destroy it? Yeah, No, no president has ever lost a, a great power war. Donald Trump has run to his enormous historic credit. He has been shot, he has been, had lawfare conducted against him. And he has had the bravery and the vision and the persistence and the commitment at great personal physical cost, but also to his reputation, his family, et cetera, to stand up for these principles that the Amer the United States desperately needs, putting Americans' interests first, peace, prosperity, et cetera.


Reindustrialization, now is the time to put that into practice, whoever it is. I, I just, I I can't stress how, how important that is. And if you're thinking about a historical legacy, Joe Biden's gonna leave a legacy. That's terrible. I mean, we're the, the, you know, for all the things you, you know, you mentioned the war in Ukraine, two and a half years in Julian Barnes, New York Times just reported that the intelligence community is reporting that the Ukrainians are losing, that it's not a stalemate. So after all that, after all the preaching, after all the moralism, the Ukrainians are losing the war. And the Russians are making enormous progress. And we're unprepared, we're unprepared for a war with China. The Middle East is in the worst situation in years. We can't even stop the, the, the Houthis like a third or fourth rate power.


And we're not prepared. So they've left us on the precipice. They've put us on a, you know, the Titanic is, is directing towards the iceberg. It's gonna take a sharp turn. And the way I think about this and, and when I worked at the Brown Order worked for President Trump in his, in his first term, when we worked on the defense strategy to try to get us to prioritize again, my view with the same logic, very consistent with what President Trump, I think was trying to lay out that was like, you know, we were a couple miles from the iceberg back then. Now we're like right up, you know, we're a few thousand yards. And, and it's not easy to turn the Titanic. And if you turn the Titanic 90 degrees, people are gonna fall outta their bunks chandeliers and beautiful, you know, plates are gonna get broken.


But that's where we are. But that is the fault of what I call the liberal primacy alliance. That is the fault of Joe Biden, Kamala Harris, and the primacy repu sort of old school Republicans who if they pursued that policy further, would lead us to catastrophe then How is it that, from what I can tell, pretty much every person in the running for the big national security jobs other than you, is part of that alliance. And I, you know, I know them all and I like some of them. Yeah. A couple sitting US senators who I think are really nice guys, but they're, they're, they're tools of the people you described, like completely, there's kind of no doubt about it. How, how is it that there are so few people on the Republican side in national security with experience who agree with The president elect who leads the party.


So I've thought a lot about this 'cause I've been fighting as you kindly gesture and a sort of lonely battle with within the sort of blob to, to put us on. Like, to me, what is common sense? Exactly. That's right. And, and yet so few people do it. And why is that? It's so weird. And honestly, so much of your insights and commentaries both on this show and your other podcast interviews and you know, your shows, et cetera, because I think it's like, I think there's a human sociological element. I mean, not to get, and one of the things that's kind of bizarre is that I think like today, people like us, we can learn a lot from the new left of the, of the sixties and seventies hundred percent. Like there's some wrong with the establishment and the way the establishment now, I believe there's always an establishment, there's an establishment in Ma China, but we need a better establishment.


Well that's, it's, you know, you're friend of, you're a fan of, of Teddy Roosevelt too. Like the idea that like the establishment just does what it used to do is like, no, the point is the establishment is supposed to serve the people. Right, of course. But I think there's an element, and I try to give credit 'cause like, yeah, there's money and stuff, but there's other ways of making money. I think it's this psychic kind of like network benefit of being part of like essentially functionally an imperial capital. Yes. And everybody comes to, and you know this, right? They come to the capital and say, you're so wise, we need your leadership. You're so, you're so moral and your vision. And it happens in Congress where people come, they probably not thought about foreign policy that much. There are all these structures set up to kind of acculturate them. And again, like, I don't wanna sound too new left, but like it that, you know, this is kind of what happens.


And so you need I think, a clear-eyed view of how to change and, and frankly, a willingness to buck the system. And this to me is like, and I, and I'm certainly far from the only person to make this point, I think you have as well. It's like President Trump ran against the system. And that is so important because it's the system, the liberal primacy alliance in other things like trade and economics, et cetera, that, that, that need to be a fundamental change. And already he's paid the price literally and shown the bravery and commitment to go through that. And so now it's about like, capitalizing. And frankly, my hope is if that happened, a lot of these people, especially in the younger generations, would follow. And I, forgive me for a little bit of patting myself on the back, but I think it's an apropos comment.


I was out at a thing of a few months ago and this young guy came up, you know, strong guy, whatever, And he said, Hey, you know, Mr. Colby, I'm, I'm, I'm going into, I'm going into the, the Marines and I just wanna say, all the young Republicans love what you're saying. And I said to him, I was like, well that's good. 'cause all the old Republicans hate it. And he iss like, yeah, that's the point. Boy do they Right. Boy do they, right. They do. They, and that's like, to me, I always, I think of myself, I'm like the first line noter, this is, yeah. Although, you know, there are people out there you wonder about, but like, this is, this is not like actually getting shot, but it's like, I'm trying to think about how do we protect Americans from not getting shot. Of course. Right. And so, and so I think the young people can see it, you know, they, the young people who were like, you know, who were not bought in to, you know, who have not been kind of acculturated, worked for X Senator on this committee for 10 years, and then went to that think tank and blah, blah, blah.


I think, I think they, they, they, if you build it, they will come. But it's like the first echelon. We take a lot of, we take a lot of metaphorical flack, hopefully metaphorical. I, I just, and I, I won't go on about this, but I am a little bit distressed by it. Very distressed by it. But like someone like Mike Pompeo, I'll just say the name, who I don't think is gonna get a job in this administration. I would pray that he's not, I think he's a criminal. I've said that plotted to murder someone who hadn't even been charged with a crime, that's a criminal act, should be arrested for that. That's my view. But even if you don't believe that he's been anti-Trump for eight years, worked against Trump, and he's a crazed NeoCon and he's still being talked about and promoted again, I don't think he's gonna Get the job, but promoted to run the national security establishment in, in the United States.


How can that even happen? Well, look, I mean, I think it, it's, if I were advising President Trump, I would say, especially now that the mandate has happened. Yes. Why pick some, anybody who's not aligned with what you're trying to do. I mean, I saw the last ad that President Trump ran. I mean, it was a stirring ad, like, and it it won. Who was in that ad? You, Tulsi Gabbard, Robert F. Kennedy, Jr. Vive and, and Vice President-elect Vance. That is the mandate. You know? So, so like, my, my hope is that he will own that. And that is the way for, that's the way for peace.


And there's gonna be debates about various policies and how to emphasize this or that. But why go back in, especially in a situation where, as successful as the first term is the situation that Joe Biden and Kamala Harris are leaving President Trump in January is, I cannot stress how dangerous it's, and he's right. I mean, the way that President Trump, again has commendably talked about the risk of nuclear war. I worked on nuclear issues a lot. My kind of starting point a lot was like working on nuclear weapons and nuclear strategy and arms control. I worked on arms control with the Russians. We should be afraid of these things, you know, salutary fear, not like an un you know, un manning fear, if you will. Right. But like a salutary fear, you know, the beginning of, of, of wisdom is fear or whatever the Bible says to that effect.


I should, I should know that. But you know, but it's true, you know, it's true, right. Is understanding and calibrating. And, and to me, one of the like touch grass kind of things about a lot of the people who are calling for like no fly zones in over Ukraine and intervening against the Russians and escalating and allowing us weapons to be overtly used to its hack Moscow and Russians, strategic, you know, forces, sites like that. That is, that is obviously crazy. It's like time out like that is obviously, but there Are many Republicans. Yeah. In fact some of the repre. That's why I think that the arguments within the Republican party in some ways are, are fiercer. Because my hope Tucker, and I think this is something you've been, you know, on for a while, but it's like the Democrats are like, they're sort of inherently out of position right now.


Like, where is the left? Where, where are the people who are like anti-war? Where are the people who say the CIA is not above reproach or the FBI is not above reproach? Who are the People, you know, Kurt Dub, Wright Mills or whatever, the power elite and all this stuff. Those people have, those movements have to come back. And, and, and I think that that's something where, especially given the mandate that President Trump has been, has won that hope. I mean, you know, whatever you think of Bernie Sanders, the fact that he said like, we're out of, we're out of position, you know, and others are saying they're out of position from, I, my hope is that Democrats will go back in a sense to the kind of arguments that I'm making that I think you could have heard a Democrat make 10 minutes ago, right? Or 30 years ago or 40 years.


Hey, we need, we, we've gotta be able to talk to our opponents. We have to have a strong military but not get into unnecessary wars. That's just common sense. That's for sure. Do You remember when Democrats used to refer to abortion as something that should be safe, legal, and rare? Well, they've changed their view on that. It went from a right to a


sacrament. This isn't the pro-choice movement you may remember from 30 years ago. This is something much darker. And that's why we have joined forces with PreBorn. They're sponsor of the show and of our speaking tour to do something about us, the largest pro-life organization in the United States. And they are doing what they should do, which is speaking up against this atrocity killing babies after birth. No one seems to have the bravery to call that wrong, which it is. But PreBorn is calling it out. Their networks of clinics are positioned in the highest abortion areas in the country And they've rescued 300,000 babies. When a woman considering an abortion searches to end her baby's life, PreBorn is there. The power of ultrasound combined with the love of God doubles the baby's chance of being born. A single ultrasound costs 28 bucks, five ultrasounds or 140 bucks, giving women the information they need to make the decision that many of them actually want to make to have a baby. Any gift will help and all gifts are tax deductible to donate securely. Go to PreBorn dot com slash tucker or call pound two 50 on your phone. And when asked, use the word baby,


I can say to my new Samsung Galaxy S 25 Ultra, Hey, find a keto friendly restaurant nearby and text it to Beth and Steve and it does without me lifting a finger so I can get in more squats anywhere I can. 1, 2, 3. Will that be cash or credit? Credit? Four Galaxy S 25 Ultra. The AI companion that does the heavy lifting. So You can do you get yours@samsung.com compatible. Select apps requires Google Gemini account results may vary based on input, check responses for accuracy.


You mentioned CIA now is probably a good time to address it. Your last name is Kolby. That is familiar, that's a familiar name to anyone knows the history of the Central Intelligence agency. Your grandfather ran it, William Kolby. And there, so there are two interesting things. One is, I'm sure this will set off just a ex explosions of theorizing on the internet. You're so what is your view of CIA? How is that's why I think that's why your family's in Washington. 'cause you're Yeah, well actually, but my, my great-grandfather was a career army officer. So I come from a kind of a national security, you know, background. I mean, my dad, not, not so much, but, but you know, look, my view on the intelligence community, and I worked on this stuff myself when I was kind of early in my career, although on the commission that looked at why Iraq intelligence is wrong, I I didn't agree with my, my grandfather for everything.


I, with everything. I didn't know him super well. I mean, I know a lot about how he approached things and how he, you know, his, his record and so forth. One thing where I do really agree with him and where his legal training and the fact that actually, as Jim Lesker said he was the first liberal to become director of central intelligence, was that he thought, and I agree with him, that you need a CIA, you need a national security establishment, but it's not above reproach and it needs to be accountable. And that's what he, you know, the interesting thing about him and I, you know, just to stress that I don't take any credit for it, like I'm just telling, just 'cause you asked me. But you know, he was in World War ii, he was then a field guy. He was in Europe, and then he was in Vietnam for a long time. And then he kind of ended up as director by happenstance, as these things sometimes do during Watergate.


And so, And he had not been really involved. He wasn't one of the inside club of like the, you know, I see you got Dick Helm's book, the man who kept the Secrecy. He was the kind of ultimate insider Washington operator, kind of, my grandfather was out unlike me. I'm more of a, you know, DC DC type policy type. But, but I think he came in And he said there's a chance that, I mean, remember this, the Democrats at the time, the, the, the congressional class of 1974, very left wing, a lot of them were thinking, let's just get rid of this place. Let's get rid of the intelligence community. Right? And his view is like, that's not good for our country, but it's not good that they're spying on Americans. You know, I've gotten debates on some of these on Twitter sometimes about like whether the American government is funding some of the stuff, you know, in Europe or whatever, or nato, blah, blah, blah.


That's reverberating back into the American political system. It's like, yeah, it's happened before, you know? Right. For a long time. For a long time. So it's like, it's not unreasonable. And by the way, sunlight is The best disinfectant. And and by the way, who were some of the people who were opposed at that time? Dick Cheney, Don Rumsfeld, you know, they were opposed to any kind of Henry Kissinger, any kind of accountability for the intelligence community. And so that's how I, I look at it. I think there's a real need for accountability also in the professional military. What do, what is this going on with Four star officers recently retired who have no political vetting, they haven't been elected dog catcher weighing in on extremely sensitive points on American Politic calling one of the presidential candidates a fascist that is wildly inappropriate.


There needs to be a fundamental change. First of all, it's wrong. Second of all, it's not consistent with our constitutional order. Remember that our founding fathers who had gone through the revolution, who had fought a war against a great power and won, they were like the nasty PO politics is a feature. Alexander Hamilton and Thomas Jefferson talking about each other's mother fine standing military uhuh. We only built a serious standing military, American military officers wore civilian clothes into The Pentagon as, as late as World War ii, maybe even after. So we have come, this is since 1947 or since World War II basically. And I think we need it given what's happening, but it needs to be accountable.


The th the third point I would make about this group is like, where do they get off? Like, has, has our military been successful? Have our political military goals been achieved over the last 25 years? You know, Call me when you win a war. No, I agree. Yeah, if you're, like, if you're izer, and by the way, that's, most of that guilt goes towards the liberal primacy alliance, the politicians who did it. Yes. But also the war leaders who, you know, for instance, HR McMaster wrote a book called Dereliction of Duty about how the, the city, the generals in Vietnam did not tell Lyndon Johnson, they couldn't successfully prosecute that war. Okay, I agree with you. How, how is, how has the senior military done? So I think some humility, getting back to basics and staying outta politics is really needed. It, It's infuriating.


It does challenge like the idea of our constitutional order. I agree completely, but it's also ominous. So when you read that The Pentagon now has a new policy where the direction of civilian leadership, they can kill Americans Yeah. In the United States. What is that? I mean, look, I, there's a lot of things that need to be taken a look at where like we have gotten, especially after nine 11, where it's just metastasized, right? Where we need to ask ourselves what is the right, and I think you've done this like commendably where you're saying, look, you know, I was here on this position here and I'm same, same thing where like, you know, but look at, look at the costs. And people like, you know, who were, we would say on the old new left would've said, oh my God, this is gonna be abused. And people like us were like, ah, don't worry about it.


And now they were right. So let's take a new look at that again. I think we need to have the capabilities, but I also think this is where this group, I mean practically speaking, not only former, I mean former CIA leaders implying that President Trump was a Russian agent is a wild abuse of the trust because it's a special trust with classified information and special authorities of course. And you ha it's almost like a religious obligation where there needs to be a self-discipline and an understanding that there's certain things you can't do, you know? And that, and that's been deeply violated. And I think frankly Republicans agree that a lot of Democrats or independents or whatever voted for President Trump, they've delivered a verdict on this issue.


So I think you need people who have that balance, which to me is the American way, is to say, look, the people have spoken, this stuff got out, got outta hand, and we need to have a balance, but we need to preserve what we need for our security. What do you do in Ukraine? Well, one is I hope The President is successful and leans forward on his plan to end the war. And I just say we, I don't know what that is, but nobody knew what Dwight Eisenhower was talking about in 1952. Nobody knew what Richard Nixon was talking about in 1968. And nobody knew what Ronald Reagan was talking about in 1988. You already see indications that players including President Putin might be, might be changing and the Ukrainians for that matter. So I hope there's a basis what exactly that looks like.


I don't think it, you know, you're not gonna like liberate Crimea, right? That that's obvious and the war's not going well. I think that's step one. And I think the Europeans need to, to, I mean this is something I've been banging on. It's just so common sense. And by the way, you wanna talk about who's helping Biden and Harris, you know, will go to Europe and say, You don't need to worry about anything. But so would kind of primacy type Republicans, they would go to Europe and say, don't worry, we can do everything. We're we're leading. They didn't do the Europeans any favors. They didn't do the Ukrainians any favors, let alone, you know, anybody else, let alone the American people because they promised things they couldn't deliver. And this is something where, you know, and I said this, I was Ross out that I, we, we had an interview right before the election in the New York Times, you know where I'd get, oh, isn't it, Ross didn't say this, but it was sort of like questioning the morality of what President Trump's saying.


I don't think there's been a stronger case, a, a, a more important time for a foreign policy that is more moral than what you see, which is the moralism, which is all intention. You see it on the left from Tony Blinken just saying, oh, I, the Ukrainians are fighting for freedom, so we need to do X, Y, Z and then failing, the way I think about it is like, no, we need a foreign policy that's more like, how does a parent think about the responsibility of the child? Oh, exactly. Or let's say you're, you're on the board of an orphanage, you know, you might have a really good guy, He goes to church every Sunday, he is like, you know, but never cheats cards or whatever. But he sucks at handling the money. You know, you're gonna hire a guy who's actually gonna take care of the orphans. Exactly. And that is, and and I, to me, well, By the way, if all the orphans die, it doesn't matter how much you love them.


Exactly. Or Claim that you Do, you don't actually love them. Well Of course You don't because the purpose of a system is its effect. And what's the effect of the war in Ukraine Exactly. Is to depopulate Ukraine. And now to allow foreigners, including many Americans, including BlackRock, to buy the soil of Ukraine. I mean, it's certainly not, whatever this has happened has definitely not been beneficial. Well, The Ukrainian has just lost Ukraine. Yeah, but not to the Russians, but through the encouragement of the Biden administration. That's my view of it. But how close do you think we have come to a nuclear exchange with Russia during the last two decades? I think it's close. I mean, and, and and Woodward for, you know, I mean I'm not sure how reliable he is on everything, but I, I think the reporting that the Biden administration, which was against interest, was very worried about Russian nuclear employment in later 2022, is very, very concerning.


I think it was, it was quite real. And the people who were blithe and insing about it, I think is a incredibly irresponsible and should not be near as serious decisions. Who are those people? Well, I think you see this kind of liberal premises. There's a lot of people who, who signed the no-fly zone or, or who made comments on Twitter or otherwise around that time and and have said since have said, oh, you know, lift all the restrictions on the employment of US forces. And by the way, what's very clear is a lot of these people, if given the opportunity, if they thought the political environment would bear it, would support direct intervention. Which if we go to war with the Russians directly, the, the Russians are very prepared to use nuclear weapons. So we have to be realistic about what that entails. What Does that entail? Well, I mean, I think the Russians, one thing about Putin that's, that's important, and again, like you don't have to like the person to understand that we need to take this guy seriously, right?


Is he, you know, as he was, as, as he assumed power and took over from Yeltsin, which in the Russian mind was a catastrophically disastrous period, one of the first things Putin invested in was the recapitalization of the Russian nuclear forces. And the way Putin talks about Russian nuclear weapons and nuclear strategy indicates that he has a quite sophisticated understanding of nuclear strategy. And of course, you know, a lot of it's speculation 'cause thank God they've only been used once or twice, but it says to me, this guy's credible And he has an idea of how to use him. You don't start by blowing up Washington DC you start potentially with something like battlefield use selective strikes against things like places in Europe or more peripheral targets.


But it can go up there and then you manipulate risk. And if, if weapons are used in that way, You can see millions of people. I mean, and we have almost no defense against. That's why I think President Trump, for instance, like having a better shield would be great. But right now we're pretty much denuded. I, I just don't understand, I mean, I guess it's kind of late in the game to whine about it, but we provided, you know, a missile defense shield to another country, but we don't have one. Like how, how did that happen? I don't know. I mean, I think, I think that's something that we can work on. I mean, it's technically very difficult, but I think having something better than what we have now. But We are always bragging about, you know, the use of the sophisticated use of our defensive missile technology abroad.


Yeah. Like did it occur to nobody that the purpose of the US military is to defend the United States? Well, It is, and by the way, up until the A BM treaty was signed a late sixties, you would go around American cities And there would be Nike, Ajax and Nike Hercules, nuclear tipped missile defense, interceptors and other kinds of norad and all these kinds of things. So I think having a stronger defense of the American homeland makes sense. And also like, you know, people talk about the American military being used, you know, in relation to Mexico. It's like, well, I think Mexico is like a, you know, in the immigration issues, very, very complicated and everything. But like, you know, the American military is to defend the United States, right? So like that should be, you know, so to me the core missions of the American military that really need to be focused on is defense. The homeland preventing China from becoming the hegemonic power in Asia.


Because I think we'll never re industrialize, we'll never be autonomous and be what America needs to be of China dominates Asia. But I hope and think we can do that without a war working with others that pull their own weight and then, and then having an ability to make sure that we don't have a, a replication of, of nine 11. Now some of that is like being smarter about how we use our military, but, but I think some of it is, you know, you gotta keep tabs out there. And then I think it's like about supporting al you know, people say Trump is anti ally. I think that's totally wrong. It's just a different model of allies that's obviously a, is much closer to the Cold War model. And b is common sense is like Partnerships. You say Trump is anti ally. So our of course, most important ally in Europe is Germany, which Is Germany.


Totally. And We destroyed Germany. And so, but by the way, yeah, we had a direct hand, this is not speculation, I'm willing to say it's fact in blowing up Nord stream. So I know we're blaming the Ukrainians, but like we did that, I'm just gonna say that. No, that's not true. It is true. So how exactly do we get to launch an act of industrial terrorism against our closest NATO ally? How is that allyship? Well, the thing that's, that's weird, and this gets I think also into the context of like who benefits, you know, kui bono, right? Yeah. Is like, so since the Ukraine war broke out, the European economy, and particularly the German economy has been like in free fall. So there's this kind of cute argument for a while that we had somehow like benefited from Europe sucking air after the Ukraine war broke.


I've Heard many people say That. And it's like, well, no, no, wait, hold on Our point, if you go back to like Dwight Eisenhower and like common sense is like, no, we want them to stand on our two feet. Like I don't get a rise out of lording it over the Europeans. This is, this is sort of this mindset that like, Well this is still fundamentally a European country. This was a European colony. So Europe is basically lied with the United States on a very fundamental level, certainly has been for two 50 years. So destroy destroying Europe. Well, right. With, with some exceptions. But, but in general, you Fight with the people closest to you, You know what I mean? Well, that's right. But I mean like Christian Europe, right? Yeah. It's basically our ally and destroying Western Europe, which I think we've done. How does that help us? I, I don't understand.


I don't think that it's, I mean the interesting thing about that is, I mean, you know, obviously we're, you know, settled, you know, originally by Europeans. Now we have people coming from all over the world, et cetera. But the thing is actually, if you look back at our early history, we stayed outta Europe. Oh, I know. And we were actually more involved in the western hemisphere, particularly the, you know, Caribbean and Asia actually. So people say, oh, you know, you never, we were never gonna get focused on Asia. I don't think that's true. Who opened the black, who opened the black ships opened Japan. Exactly. People were trading in a lot of the early American fortunes, you know, the Peabody Essex Museum. Yep. In Salem, that was the China, right. People trading in Canton sometimes with opium, you know, and then like Samoa, Hawaii, et cetera. So I'm not saying like we have a, we have a strong interest in Europe, Philippines, the Philippines, of course.


Thank you. In fact, my great-grandfather, we were talking about our families. Like I, he was a, an army officer in the inner war period, And he was stationed at the American. There was like a concession in China, not China's proudest period, but you know, there that we were, we were present. So what that, what I think that means to me is a couple things. One, if you actually go back to American history at, at our best and really kind of, you know, the first kind of really until 1989, we did pretty well with the exception, I think the things like Vietnam and stuff like that. But it was pretty hardnosed. Like you go back to the, to Washington's farewell address, Hamilton, et cetera. It's like we're, we're looking after number one. So this idea that America first is somehow inconsistent, it's like, by the way, a republic is supposed to be in the interests of everybody, right?


Like that's the definition. So, so when people say Trump is transactional or whatever, I'm like, good. Right? We need, we, he's like the, you know, the CEO of America and the board is saying, Hey, look after our interests, right? That's actually what you want. And then on Europe it's like, we don't actually benefit. I mean it's, it's been a disaster. I, I think objectively the policy over the last two and a half years in particular has been a total disaster. Germany is in real economic straits. The Ukrainians are losing the war. They haven't built up their military. But, you know, hey, Joe Biden got a, a medal from Olaf Schultz who's probably gonna be out of a job as well. I hope so. In a few months. Hope so. I hope, hope so for their sake. I mean, I don't believe in like, in intervening, apparently the Europeans, Schultz himself feel free to intervene in our politics. Schultz endorsed Biden, do your job.


I was, I was at the Republican convention as you were a couple months ago, and I was getting lectured by a few members of the Bundestag, the German Yeah. Congress, equivalent conservatives. Putative conservatives. And they were like, why can't you do what Reagan didn't? And I said, you know what? There's some problems with that, et cetera. Like g debt to GDP, our military. How about you start out by spending as much on defense as the American people do. Like why don't our, like that, that to me is like what President Trump and against the whole foreign policy establishment. Why? Because the foreign policy establishment likes the dependency model. Of course. It's, they like the welfare model in the United States. They want people in public housing, right? And that's what I've said to the Europeans, and it's part of my message to the Europeans is like, hey, it's not just your fault. I'm not just castigating you as responsible.


You are, it's also our fault, especially our establishment. But if you look at the message from the American people, it's, we don't want more of that establishment. And that's again, why it's so important to have the right policies and, and vision. Well, we've got the vision. The question now is ipu. So the Problems for The president elect are the same as they were in the first administration, I would say, how do you staff this thing? Yeah. With people who are aligned with you, right? And how do you keep the people who presently occupy every position of power, who operate the, the levers of power, how do you keep them from, from wrecking the project secretly? Yeah. And the thing that's different is that the international situation that he's being left with is truly dire.


And so there's no room for, you know, kind of like, you know, sort of delay or, or there's No se like, I'm sorry, I don't want to, I don't wanna start attacking people, but I just know everybody as I know you do. Well they have no, no, I mean the people who are want these jobs in the Trump, the, the second Trump administration, and there's no, they act like it's 1985. Like they, that's the thing. It's the, they have not updated their file. The dumbest people I think I've ever Met been great on this. Yes. Like in the debate, when he said to Pence 1983, why shouldn't he be Secretary of State? By The way, I think the fake would be an amazing, amazing, I mean, he's there, he was out hustling for The president, you know, he's, he, he's, I mean we all say, you know what time it is, but he like delivered these memorable lines against Pence in the, in that debate.


And then he debated John Bolton, I think at VMI And he was just like, he was a very human point. I saw this segment where he is just like you grew up. And that being generous honestly to John Bolton, frankly, but which, so I admired Vivic on that point, but is is said, you grew up in the era of Apollo 11, you know, and I grew up in the era and he's younger than I am, the global financial crisis, Iraq, failed wars, you know, increasingly fractious society, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. And it's like, you know, nobody, there's a friend of mine who, who was interviewed in one of these stories about the new right and so forth. And he said, nobody under the age of 30 I know who's a conservative treats as NeoCon conservative idea with anything but derision and scorn, something like that. And it was just like, I'm confident where things are heading, yes, but we don't have time.


Because if China, like, and, and I'm not a fanatic on China, right? Like my view on China is, and I think the Chinese understand this, my view is we need to be strong, but we also need, like in the Cold War, there's like a line and there's, we don't cross it and we need to be able to decouple the thing, you know, get re industrialize things Lighthizer and Navarro and ET are talking about, which is bring back industry, have more autonomy. But at the same time, you know, there's a line, but we're not gonna go in regime change. There are people who served in the first Trump administration who are talking about regime change in China, who are talking about primacy over China, like dominating China. Like that is so dangerous. And often they're the same people who are supporting, you know, total support of Ukraine, which like makes zero sense, like zero sense, right?


So my view is you gotta do the things you're talking about, but you've also gotta say, we gotta, and you know, it's Vance has made vice president-elect Vance has made these points very well. Reindustrialization is critical, but it's gonna take some time in the meantime, given that the Biden team has like used up so much of our weaponry and so forth, we got a husband. What we have, and again, to me that is with the purpose of not getting into wars.


So every year when Apple releases the overpriced new iPhone, the big carriers play the same old game. Sign up now, next two years, some big cellular contract, get a free iPhone. Well, what do you give up in return? A lot. Don't fall for it this time. Choose pure talk With Pure Talk. You get great savings on the new iPhone 16 and you still get an affordable data plan that fits your needs on America's most Dependable 5G network. Stop falling into the same trap and paying for unlimited data that you're probably not going to use. Pay for what you use with Pure Talk for just 25 bucks a month, you get unlimited talk taxed and five gigs of data. That's more than enough for most people. It's not enough for, You can buy more, but it probably is. So why pay for something you're not going to use with Pure Talk? You don't have to. It's proudly veteran led and its entire customer service team is right here in the United States, the country that you live in. So everyone can understand each other pretty well and they're responsive. No contract, no cancellation fees, 30 day money back guarantee. Pure Talk is easy to switch to. The average family saves almost a thousand bucks a year when they switch, try it, go to pure talk.com/tucker and you'll save an additional 50% off your very first month. That's pure talk.com/tucker. Switch your cell service to a company You can be proud to do business with.


How, how could four stars, how could the leadership of The Pentagon support this, This? So my, you know, it's interesting. I think, again, maybe I'm too optimistic, but like, you know, I deal with, you know, I was, I dealt with a lot of four stars when I was there. When you worked, Worked at the, when you worked at The Pentagon. When I worked at The Pentagon. 'cause the thing about my job, I was like a sort of, my formal title was a little bit kind of middle, upper, middle tier. But basically I was running the strategy. So I had a lot of exposure. I was kinda operating above my, this sort of normal level. So I had, I, I got a lot of experience and I've stayed in touch with these people. I watch, I watch them. Here's the thing, and, and you know, there's a good Kissinger, I don't think was that great, of a statesman, but I think he was a brilliant writer and sort of observer. He said something like, big strategic shifts don't take place just by acts of virtuosity.


They, they reflect underlying trends. And I think you, you talk to people in the military and I keep in touch with a lot of 'em. They know, they, they, what I'm saying is like common sense for military people. They know our readiness is down. They know our defense industrial base is in trouble. They know that Chinese are are moving like gangbusters. They know the Russians aren't a joke. They know we can't afford to get into another big middle Eastern war. So if you show at the top level clarity and courage as President Trump has in charting the direction And he has people under him who are genuinely trying to put that into place, I think if you build it, they will come. And here's the other thing, bear in mind that since 2008, the Democrats have been in control almost the whole time. And under before that it was the Iraq War group. So a lot of the people who've made it to the top of a very flat pyramid, they know, they know how to, like, here's the thing about the military.


And you look at people like John Kelly being out there, you know, moralizing and calling President Trump a fascist, which is like absurd and inappropriate and terrible on its face. But it's also like the military. We should respect military service. I certainly do, especially, you know, people in combat and so forth. But, you know, the military, there's careerism, there's promotion, people are looking after their own interests, et cetera. The people at the top of the pyramid often are people who have satisfied the criteria for promotion and selection. Yeah, that's fine. You know, people respond to incentives, but it's the, it is, it is the most ruthless selection process. And bear in mind talk about the republic, the army, the air, the Navy, and the Marine Corps predate the Constitution. So these are very deeply embedded institutions.


People live their entire adult lives, and them, if they get to be a four star, so you just got like, again, going to like a new left thing. You look at it sociologically like, this is gonna have some pathologies. Obviously it's a, a really important institution, but you gotta like, but I think at the end of the day, this Is gonna have some pathologies. Pathologies. Nicely put, nicely put There. There are people in there who wanna do the right thing, you know, or, or, or, or they can be motivated to do the right thing. That's f fantastic people in the military. And if they're rewarded for it, they will go, they will get, 'cause a lot of the guys who would've wanted to do that, they cash out as a colonel or a Navy captain or a one star. You know. But if we, if we, if we put the, the, you know, president Trump and his team, I should say they, they put the right incentives.


I think, I think, I think it'll get Better. I must say it's just having spent my life in DC and just running into the lot or living near them, it was always so noticeable. I met so many bright, energetic wise, I would say colonels. Yeah. But far few, you know, I can think of one Marine, two star. I knew Marine General, who I thought was so impressive. I'll even say his name. Vinny Colonies. Wonderful man. But, you know, didn't meet a lot of other flag officers that I thought were anything other than politicians. I think, I think, I'm sure they Exist. I mean, I, you know, I think, I think real, I'll put it this way. Most of the real, there, there's some brilliant defense guys. I'll mention a a, a Democrat.


I have a lot of respect for Bob work who served in The Pentagon. He is a great guy. He was a marine colonel, retired Andrew Krepinevich, who was another brilliant guy, an army guy, retired colonel. Often the guys who are really the highest horsepower, real strategic thinkers, they cash out at that level. 'cause that's what the selection is for. It's not to say that the other people aren't, aren't smart, but like the, the people that, and you know, there's a, well, it's So noticeable that, that, and There's a mismatch between how people think. Like, oh, you know, he has four stars. Ergo he's like a strategic genius. No, no. That's not how the selection process works. You know what I mean? Like, they, they're promoted for like running a large a corps, an army corps, you know, or a fleet that's different than, that's fine, but let's, let's understand what we're dealing with.


But shouldn't the process isn't the point of promotion to, you know, win out the, the less capable and elevate most, well, it depends On what you're selecting for. Well, I, I guess that's it. But I think, hey, how about selecting for winning? You know? Yeah. Hey, like, I think that about that as opposed to like, you know, kind of like playing the game and saying the right things. And you know, we don't know. That's the other thing about like, you know, I, I love the meme of Mark Millie and Eisenhower and their chests. Like I just, it's So perfect. It's incredible, You know, and it's just, it's just, You can speak for 10 hours And he not, well, When I watched Millie in that famous, now famous hearing talking about weight rage, I thought this is a guy who doesn't have any idea what he's talking about.


He's saying words he thinks he's supposed to say, doesn't seem terribly bright. He seems weak above all. He seems like the product of a bureaucracy to me, which probably shouldn't surprise me. Yeah. And I think there's, and again, to this pathology point, the, you know, like if you read McMaster's memoirs for instance, he's almost kind of lecturing the American people about their need to like double defense spending and stay in Afghanistan until the second coming. And it's like, it, it's that touch grass kind of thing where like you don't have political accountability like direct. I mean, for instance, they not only, they're not elected, but people who are civilian appointees go through political vetting. So they have a kind of indirect political accountability, you know, where the, the elect, you have to demonstrate loyalty and you know, you're on, on the team, et cetera.


You have to be aware of that. The military, they, they really don't have that ostensibly, although I wonder about the left in kind of through the back door import importing some of those things. But, so the, so you get to this point where you think that you're like, well, I'm speaking in front of a large group of people 'cause I'm a four star general. And it's like, actually you, you really have no standing to talk about that issue at all. You know, because that's a, that's a, that's a domestic issue that you like, don't have any political finger feel for. And you're supposed to be much more careful and modest about that anyway. But they have no moral authority Right. To speak about anything like that because they have no authority apart from that granted them by The president. Yeah, exactly. Because we have civilian control and the president's authority comes from voters. Right. And by the way, and if somebody has authority, and it's like the Adi Murphy guy, the guy, the guys that you're talking to who are like out there in the field Exactly.


Of Fallujah or whatever, they have authority, you know. But I'm always like, you know, another guy, Frank McKenzie who's out there a lot, who's constantly hammering, you know, these points. And I was like, well, he was the syncom commander when the Afghanistan withdrawal happened. And he didn't put his stars on the, you know, if he thought there was a better way, why didn't he put his stars on the table? So like, why are, you know, like, okay, I mean I, I personally supported the a Afghanistan with for all, I believe President Trump still does. But it said that it's done terribly. And that, which I think is clear, but it's like, you know, you could, you could say Dwight Eisenhower had a kind of more authority. But the other thing about Dwight Eisenhower, I mean, he was actually a smart guy, but if you look at like, his guild hall speech, I dunno if You remember this, but like the, he, unlike MacArthur for instance, he had a real feel for the American people, civilian army, you know, like they, they were, they were offering the, the, the award of the city of London.


He said, I can't accept this. I accept this only on behalf of the great human forces. He said, you know, which is like, yeah, it's like regular guys, you know, and that's, I, to me, that's, I try to have that mindset about like, I don't want people to get torn limb from limb in a war with China that we could avoid, let alone another like, or, or, or evis vapor vaporized in a nuclear explosion with Russia. Of course that means you don't just like do whatever they want. Duh. But you've gotta like calibrate that balance. Always thinking about, as tr President Trump has said, going back to like what's in the concrete interest of the American people You've referred repeatedly to a potential war with China.


I assume that would be over Taiwan. I think yes, I think ch Taiwan would be the focal point. But what I think is very scary about the Chinese, and I don't think the Chinese are behaving in a, frankly, if you apply the way, like you were in Washington from the period after the collapse of the Soviet Right. Or a little bit after, right. But like, No, I was there. I was there that day. You were there dead. Okay. Oh, right, exactly. I know you've talked about this. If you apply the same kind of behavior that we exhibited over the, that the 25 say 20 years after that, and you apply that model to a China that is not constrained, that's very scary. Right? Like, so we just have to apply the same model to them. Because again, to me as like a conservative, and I don't think we Real, so to, I I know exactly what you're saying, but maybe that's too subtle too, too.


Yeah. We explained precisely what you're saying. I mean, we went from being in the 1980s, he had the Weinberg doctrine, or President Reagan and Reagan almost getting impeached because he was trying to help just a proxy group with the Contras because people were so afraid of getting in another Vietnam. And the biggest thing that he would do would have meetings with the Soviet premier on, on nuclear weapons because people were like, this could happen and I really don't want it to happen. Right. Fast forward 15 years and we're invading Iraq. And as you recall, the people who were biggest fans of invading Iraq, the plan was also to go after probably Syria and Iran and so forth, informally or not. I I worked for those people at the Time. Okay. So, you know, so I mean, that was not, that was just the starting point.


Oh, I'm, I'm aware. Yeah. So, and, and the way That was the new American century, The way I interpret that is you're gonna have people like that because we're human beings and that's how we socialize or whatever. And if there's no constraint, no, you would've been like sent to the Looney bin in 1982 if you're like, oh, let's invade a rock 2003. If you said we shouldn't invade a rock, you were like, even if you were Brent Kroft, you were castigated. Oh yeah. Right. So, And never rehabilitated, by the way. Interesting. Well, I, I have, I mean, I don't agree with 'em on everything, but I, I had, I mean that's sort of mindset. I agree. But I'm Just saying like No, exactly. Yeah. It wasn't like, you know, Brent s Crowcroft got rich or Yeah. More respect. I mean, he said those things, you know, to his own detriment.


Yeah. And I just, on the China thing, what I would say is they care a lot about Taiwan, but I think it's very clear they're building a military to go beyond Taiwan. They're building a basing architecture to go well beyond Taiwan. I think that's, in a sense, almost indisputable. And I think they have interests to go beyond Taiwan. This is what worries me is I actually fear, ironically, that China is living out the Lenins theory of imperialism. Yes. Which is they need captive export markets for their overproduction. And of course they need natural resources and other things to import. And so they have a rational incentive to what the Japanese created, the greater East Asia co prosperity sphere. Every empire, formal or informal is not everyone, but like a lot of them start out as basically commercial zones.


Of course. And that's what I worry about. And again, I, the good news is I think we can negotiate with China about that. That's why I think President Trump's against a lot of criticism. His willingness to be open to negotiating a deal with President Xi is good because we don't, we don't have an implacable hostility or rivalry. We don't have to change. I hate communism, but like that's up to them. And we, I, the last thing I want is Americans dying trying to impose our form of government on them. Hopefully, like that's pretty un you know, uncontroversial. But I think, I think if we just, you know, you know, Taiwan's a tough issue because the point I've been making, and I've gotten some flack from, again, good quarters from the Wall Street Journal last couple months, is like I've been saying we should focus on defending Taiwan And they need to step up.


They haven't done it and we haven't prioritized it. So I think Taiwan is on the knife's edge right now. Now I think we want to avoid a war over that if we possibly can. And President Trump has said a war, an attack on Taiwan isn't gonna happen under my watch. So I think it is absolutely incumbent upon whoever is working for him to make sure that doesn't happen. Combining a strong shield with a rational defensive policy and kind of political message to China that that convinces them that, look, you're better off with peace, The Wall Street Journal attack you. Yeah. So they, How long will the Wall Street Journal kind of be considered the preeminent place where quote, conservative intellectuals explain their views?


I think They're in, I think they're actually in trouble. Honestly. I, I, I, I, I, you know, I read them, but they are so far out of whack. I mean, so on my, on the kinda national security, foreign policy issues, they are total premises that they, at the, in the same breath, often they'll say, our military is in terrible shape, but we need to have aggressive policies in like four different theaters. Makes no sense. It's incoherent. Right on. You know, they're, they're way outta step on the conservative Republican views on like tr trade where like Lighthizer and Navarro and The President are, they, they can't stand People, you know, they've been repeatedly criticized people like you, like Vice President Vance. So I feel like I'm an honored to be in this company. So it's sort of like, you know, obviously they reflect a certain part of the, you know, American population, which is sort of, you know, wealthier professionals who are probably more socially liberal, the Ella Corridor, New York, et cetera.


But I think a lot of people read them because they matter, right. But at some point you get so far outta whack that you actually become a liability, you know, And they were big backers of Nikki Haley and so forth. So, you know, I think we need, but then with the rise of new media, I mean, you're, you've been a pioneer in this, but others, you know, and, and Elon and what he's done with X and you know, and David Sachs and these kind of people, I think there's hope that like, not only is it not gonna matter as much, but it may become less and less relevant. It Seems like the Drudge report to me, you know, you have in your mind that this No, it, I mean, judge went from, yeah, well, judges of course sold to left wingers. They've never admitted that. But I, I believe that's true.


But the Wall Street Journal, in some sense has been also, I mean, they don't, I don't know, people who imagine the Wall Street Journal is conservative or sort of like, haven't been paying attention. It's Like the socially liberal Fiscal conservative, yeah. They're, they're, And they were like mocking President Trump in the interview. I thought that was pretty lame and kind of gross. It's A really dishonest newspaper and I'm rooting for its demise. I just wanna say that. I mean, that I hope it could Get reformed, but you know, I'm, I'm, You're right. No, you're totally right. We've seen enough institutions destroyed. I just, I do think it's really a garbage newspaper. And, and I wish more people realize that I can't control myself. Sorry. Outta control. So when do you think it'll be clear?


Like who's ministering Trump's foreign policy? I mean, I, I just, I honestly don't know. I mean, it's up, obviously up to him, but you know what, what I would say is I hope he makes, you know, picks people who will implement the, the vision that, that he ran on. And that Yes. You know, you and others have supported him. So ablely about, I I as just as sincerely as an American. I mean, even if I'm not part of it or I'm dog catcher or whatever, I mean that, I think if honestly, if, if the Primus types who could get us into multiple wars, get in there, you're gonna have to get to a more realistic foreign policy. Eventually. Well, They'll destroy Trump.


They could clear, destroy his administration. People Like Pompeo, whom I know personally hate Trump. They hate Trump. And, you know, I don't care what he says, or Lindsey Graham says, oh, he's so great. You know, they suck up to him on Fox News, but they hate him and they're working to undermine him. And they did throughout his four years in office and the four years that followed, they undermined him. 'cause they hate him. So I I I just hope that there's a new generation in the Republican party of people who maybe aren't even ideological, but just put America's Exactly. Common sense. Yeah. America's interest, America's interest is the whole point of our government. I think there is a new generation, people in their twenties and thirties. I'm very hopeful. I mean, I talk to a lot of them.


What I'm worried about is, I don't think there's any, I mean, you maybe like, and, and well, Trump is like an exception, but, you know, you look at a guy like Vice President Vance, he's only I think 40. Yes. You know, a lot of The best senators, you know, are are much younger. Yes. And you look like Eric Schmidt. Eric Schmidt is amazing. Jim Banks, you know. Exactly. You know, younger guys, like, you know, and the problem is people just naturally like, well, we need somebody who's 65 or whatever. And it's sort of like, but I think it's even worse than, than than what you're suggesting because like, you know, let's say we get in a big Middle Eastern war and you have people who are talking about an independent Taiwan or regime change in China, or regime change in Russia, and we get bogged down, why wouldn't the Chinese attack, like just, I mean, thinking about think, apply how we behave the project for New American century style thinking and just think that those people will be in the ascendancy In Beijing, the way I think about it, Tucker, is like, we're like a heavyweight boxer, and China's another heavyweight boxer.


Russia's like a middleweight and maybe North Korea and Iran or like, you know, Welter Waits or Featherweights or whatever. Those guys can, they can tear you out. And China can call us to a match at any time, at any time. And if we're not ready, that is like terrible, you know? And so at that point, we would have to put a more realistic foreign policy. But my view, and this is, I I think a real point to the kind of people read the Wall Street Journal at Bed page, the point that I would make to them is if we go down this path of aggressive policies in three or four different theaters of the world, without the backing, we will end up blooded and bruised. We will have catastrophic defeat. Lots of Americans will be killed.


And the American people may very well say, I'm done, I'm done. This is, you know, all the rules based international order. This is what it led to. Forget about it. And that if you wanna save it, if you wanna save something, that's right. Like, I think, I think mine is like the, the reform rather than the radical upheaval. Mine is like, Hey, no, I believe in the post-war. I just don't believe in the post 1989 absurd hubris going around the people. Yeah, we can, the Cold War that, and I keep going back to it, but it's just like, I, I, I just try, 'cause like, you know, Senator McConnell will talk about Eisenhower all the time, and I'm like, dude, Senator Eisenhower thought that if there were US troops in Europe at the end of the 1950s, it was a failure. He's the one who came up with the Uncle sucker line, not President Trump.


So you wanna talk about the Cold War legacy? We were pretty ruthless. You know, the Germans attacked us, or excuse me, the sound like John Belushi, the, the Japanese attacked us in 1941 and we let the Soviets do the bulk of the fighting. Exactly. And we put Germany first. Why? Because, and I'm glad as a descendant of people who are in the European Theater of Operations, I'm glad that the Soviets, but George Schultz, when he went and dealt with his counterpart, he went, he visited, he wrote about this very movingly. He went to the SE cemetery in Leningrad, And he, he offered a somber salute. And I had the honor to meet Schultz a couple times, and this was not a, you know, he is, he had strong views and so forth. But I think You can respect that, you know, and, and understand that we can be hard nosed and look at your opponents and say, we don't want a


war We've told you before about Hallow. It is a great app that I am proud to say I use. My whole family uses. It's for daily prayer and Christian meditation, and it's transformative. So with everything happening in the world right now, it is essential to ground yourself. This is not some quack cure. This is the oldest and most reliable cure in history. It's prayer ground yourself in prayer and scripture every single day. That is a prerequisite for staying sane and healthy and maybe for doing better eternally. So if you're busy on the road headed to kids' sports, there is always time to pray and reflect alone or as a family. But it's hard to be organized about it. Building a foundation of prayer is gonna be absolutely critical as we head into November, praying that God's will is done in this country, and that peace and healing come to us here in the United States and around the world. Christianity obviously is attack under attack everywhere. That's not an accident. Why is Christianity the most peaceful of all religions under attack globally? Did you see the opening in the Paralympic? There's a reason because the battle is not temporal. It's taking place in the unseen world. It's a spiritual battle, obviously. So try Hallow, get three months completely free at Hallow. That's Hallow dot com slash tucker. If there's ever a time to get spiritually in tune and ground yourself in prayer, it's now Hallow will help. Personally and strongly and totally sincerely recommended Hallow dot com slash tucker,


American Giant makes great clothing sweatshirts, jeans, and more right here in the us. Visit american giant.com and get 20% off your first order with code staple 20. That's 20% off your first order@americangiant.com code staple 20.


What happened To all the Bush people? You were here for that. Yeah. Not just The President Bush and his family are pretty clear. Were for Kamala Harris. But, but all the people who staff that administration, do all of them still buy those ideas, those 20-year-old ideas, or have any come around to your position? It's a, it's a great question. 'cause I know a lot of 'em is like you. I I like a lot of them, you know? Yeah, for sure. And some of 'em know, I admire some, I don't admire others. And people are going, you know, a lot, a lot of them put flags in the ground with the, the foolish and inappropriate never Trump letters in 2016. And they're kind of, so their hands are a bit tied. So I don't know how they would behave in a, in a vacuum.


I think you see sort of various stages of grief. I mean, various pe people kind of adapting in different, in different ways or not adapting. Some people are kind of like unreconstructed. Some are kind of like resigned to where things are going. You know what's funny about the bush? I mean, I don't, I mean, You remember this better than I do, but I remember like Bush ran on a more humble foreign policy. I know. You know, I mean, actually what Trump's saying is not that radically different from the kind of bush vibe, which was against the crusading progressivism of Bill Clinton. Now he ended up totally abandoning that, unfortunately, to his eternal discredit. And in a sense he beca he was a progressive. He was, he was armed. Progressivism Bill Kristal is, let's, let's fight the end of history, you know, basically, which is like, that's not in any way.


And, and I mean conservative, I'm not so like Angela on the dancing on the head of a pin. It's, it's not common sense. Right. But I think, I think a lot of those people, it's probably, it's gonna be hard to incorporate them. You know, there's sort of two and a lot, you know, sociologically again, it's, they're invested in the, in the old model. And so I think we're gonna need the, the, the trouble is that all the credentialing has been on that side. And so all of it, almost all of it, I mean, I'm not to make anything by myself, but like I'm a rare, and I was, I was teetering on the, maybe passing over to the edge of respectability or whatever the mainstream is, you know, for years.


And, you know, I think what, what I find though encouraging Tucker is I, and this is where I mean, wait, can I say you, you went to Groton and Harvard, right? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Yes. Well, so are you the only person in the world who went to Groton and Harvard who voted for Donald Trump? You know, I don't think so. Actually my Groton Harvard roommate was indicating, I think there are a few others. I mean, I, you know, but I mean, okay, so you, you you got me. I, I, you know, and people say this sometimes And they say it about you too. It's like, oh, you're from the elite background in Harvard. Can you not support the elite? And I'm always like, the elite is supposed to work for the public interest. And by the way, that was the model. Teddy Roosevelt was behind the founding of Groton School, which I went there. I have very fond memories. A lot of people who are associated with that hate Donald Trump and everything.


I proudly support him. But I think the whole point, the the is to serve, you know, service perfect freedom. The idea is public service is putting the interest of the public ahead. And so I, to be honest, I find the current establishment, I look at Morning Joe or something and I'm like, this is not what America deserves. Okay. So I have the same perspective and I would say more broad, the identical perspective. And I would say that nobody reforms the system who doesn't understand the system. Yeah. You are always gonna have it alone. And Teddy Roosevelt saved capitalism Exactly. In the United States by restraining. And He was hated by his peers, by restraining The monopolies. Exactly. And the only reason he was able to do that was because he was pushing back against his own class. Exactly. And he understood them.


Right. Right. So, no, I'm not attacking you for going to Brad in Harvard. I'm, I'm rather saying, I think it's essential that you understand JD Vance hated Trump, went to Yale Law School, started going up to the Aspen Institute to speak in the summer, find the people there so repulsive. And he is Like, oh, he was totally, He has become their nightmare. Exactly. Because he knows who they are. Right. He had dinner with David Brooks many times. Exactly. So anyway. Totally, totally. And I think like, and, and I think like that's, you know, I love this, this clip of Maggie, good lander getting called out by this. I know. You know, do we, it should be challenged if you're like, anybody should be subject to challenge. And that's what's so great about like x and podcasts. Did Maggie Goodland win?


I'm embarrassed. I, I think so. I'm not sure. And I'm like, not picking on her particularly, but like, you know, there's a fair point. But I mean, my, my view is, and it's apropo 'cause the other woman I think was in, I think she's her family's from China. But you know, even under Mao, I mean the ultimate egalitarian system, there is an establishment, there is an elite. Well, of course, and of course Xi Jinping is a product of that elite Dogs create hierarchies. Of course, you're always gonna have a hierarchy. So the question is not do you have a ruling class? You getting a ruling class? Is it good? Is it, do you have a good ruling class? Exactly. Or do you have Jake Sullivan and Tony Blinken? That's The best one, guys. And here's the other thing, you know, oh, and I don't wanna cry too much of a river here, but like, they are the establishment. Oh. And they act so in like a sociologically conservative way.


They're all gonna leave office and they're all gonna get great jobs on Wall Street, and they're all gonna go to law firms and whatever. And it's the people who are taking on the establishment are and are taking the slings and arrows and hopefully metaphorically alone. But to me, that's the point. That's what, that's what you're supposed to do. If you, if you know, as the Bible says, to whom much is given of who much is expected. I strongly agree with that. And I think you're a model of that, honestly. And I'm not just saying that. Well, No, I, but I ibel, I, I really believe in that. And I'm just, I'm just so offended by, I'm so offended by the mediocrity and selfishness and stupidity of our ruling class that I just can't, and I don't care if they kill me. I I will never stop fooling out way. I know. Don't, and that's your, you're saying Incredibly courageous. So Bridge Colby, I am rooting for you fervently.


I just wanted to make sure everyone knows who you are and what you think this process is taking place privately as it has to. But I also think that people who voted for Trump, because they want a calmer world, they don't want the United States or him to be destroyed in wars. I think they should know what's going on. So I hope this provides a little sunlight. Thank you very much my friend. Lot bless you. Thank you. Thank you. Thanks for listening to The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made. The complete library, Tucker Carlson dot com.