
Is this some of your new Stuff? Oh, it's so good. Do you use nicotine products? Don't. This is totally life alp. This is life affirming heart. I'm not bragging, but I feel great at 55. I'll just say, I'll just say that. Okay. Sorry. You ready? Welcome to Tucker Carlson Show. We bring you stories that have not been showcased anywhere else, and they're not censored, of course, because we're not gatekeepers. We are honest brokers here to tell you what we think you need to know and do it honestly. Check out all of our content at Tucker Carlson dot com.


Here's the episode. Okay. So there are so many unfolding stories swirling around that give the attentive person anxiety. Anyone who's paying very close attention to what's happening in the world right now is anxious about it. I will say that. But there is also a lot to look forward to and a lot to be comforted by. Yes. And I just want to go through with you, if we could, since you were right in the middle of this election Yep. Working on behalf outside the campaign, but correct on behalf Very hard project Yes. Reform and on behalf of the country, really, you know, the answers to this question. What are the things that you're looking forward to over the next four years?


Well, first of all, stop to the madness. I mean, there was no way we were gonna last another four years with the insanity that was going on. So we can put a stop to that, at least for, for the moment. I think the, the most, one of the most exciting things to me is, but, but Can, can we just pause for one second? I think that's not an overstatement. It's Not, I mean, if that's all was, I'm, I'm gonna be disappointed if that's all we get. But if that's all we get, that's a serious step in the right Direction. So just name, name three trends that are, well, I guess Biden's still president that have been in progress the last four years that we could not sustain for another four years. I start with immigration. Yeah. I mean, this is insane. I mean, we're seeing what we've seen over the last four years, not only the wide open borders.


We don't even really know who's come in. And we know there's tens of millions of illegals that have come in millions of getaways. I still, I still don't understand why we haven't had a deeper conversation about the tens of thousands of Chinese national males that have come in over the southern border. Like, what the hell is going on with that? Whoever else has come in at the same time conversation about the fact that for four years they've been importing new voters. I, I I, I would hope that every Republican, regardless of where they are on the spectrum, 'cause again, we know that not all Republicans are created equal. That even the Chamber of Commerce Republicans understand over the next four years for their own self-preservation, they should be wholeheartedly behind Donald Trump's deportation efforts.


We start with the hard criminals. We start with those illegals that have criminal records, and we keep right on going and deporting all of the new democratic voters that they've imported over the last four years for the sake of self-preservation. If you want to have a two party system instead of a single party state, the immigration has to be fixed. And I would argue to the point of if we do not have, if, if Donald Trump does not unleash Tom Holman and Stephen Miller to go all the way to actually deport everybody that is needed to be deported to fix the southern border, it calls into question who we are as a country. Yep. I mean, thi this to me is one of the things that, again, if you don't have a border, you don't have sovereignty, you don't have citizens, what does it actually mean to be a country?


What does it mean to be a citizen? What does it mean to be America? What does it mean to be an American citizen? What does it mean to have a constitution? We're very unique people. We have a very unique way of life. And with everything that has been taking place in regards to immigration, if it was to have continued for another four years, again, I think all bets are often who we are as a people. Who we are as a country moving forward, we're done. So, immigration, first thing, foreign policy. I mean that to me, what, what are we even doing on a whole host of fronts in regards to Ukraine? That that whole mess is still going, where we're still apparently sending billions of dollars over, of course, to Ukraine before they, you know, shut the lights out on the Biden White House. But, but the, the foreign policy, again, getting us the point and also the weakness that we have demonstrated on the international stage for the last four years, at a certain point that was gonna cause even more serious implications if it was another four years of that.


And, and I don't know where it would've ended. Obviously Donald Trump showing up. Well, Biden now this week, I mean, as if he hasn't started enough wars. I mean, it started all kinds of wars that people aren't, I mean, we're in battle with the Houthis right, right now, really. But Biden just announced that in the final couple weeks of his administration, he's gonna start a war with Iran, With, with Lindsey Graham's full support. That, that this, this to me is at, at some point, at, at some point I hope that we can restructure the Republican Party in the primaries of 2026. That's another topic that would love to discuss with you. But yeah, at some point Donald Trump won on an America first message.


Right. It'd be really nice if the rest of the Republicans fell in line with that and understanding that the people voted for change and that change is what they want with America first. And that includes Donald Trump's approach on foreign policy that does not include more shooting wars with Iran and others across the globe. At the same time, there is a certain approach that think Donald Trump brings to foreign policy that brought us peace. Yeah. I mean, four years of no new wars peace. He, he has the ability to do that. And it does not involve starting new wars or foreign intervention. So I, I would say that's one of the other topics, one of the other issues that I think has, has been a blessing for us with, with Trump winning the economy.


I mean, can you imagine if we had another four years of this economy where we'd be the, the, when they tell us they gas lies and tell us the economy's fine inflation, all these things are figments of your imagination. Everybody's doing just fine. And you look at, and I, that's what I do with the American majority. I work with the grassroots. I'm out there with everyday people. It is not fine. And I couldn't imagine another four years of them being devastated economically where we would be. So middle, those three things, middle immigration, foreign policy, economy, inflation. I know personally, someone I'm close to the other day just told me a middle class person, solid, you know? Yeah.


Probably makes higher than middle. I mean, I don't know. Probably makes one 60 a year if I had to guess. Yeah. Which used to be considered pretty solid, Pretty darn good. Solid. I was shocked when I made a hundred grand a year. Yeah. When I was in my thirties. But anyway. Right. I worried about food prices. Yes. No, I know. It, it's, wow. Kind of shocking when you realize that people that are making what would be considered used to be considered pretty good salary going Kind of rich. Yeah. Yeah. We're feeling a little pinched here. Yeah. Okay. So, sorry. I just wanted to, I, I, 'cause I, I think it's just a win, you know, stopping the destruction or slowing it down is itself a win, as you noted? Exactly.


Okay. But then the next step becomes, listen Donald Trump to me, listen, nobody's perfect, right? We all have many imperfections and nobody's a perfect person. But I think Donald Trump's a man for the man for the hour. He has shown and demonstrated political courage. I I can't, I cannot even begin to imagine the last four years of the political, the lawfare that has been put on him, used against him. The incredible pressure to try and destroy him. And I've told people this, and I'll say it here, Donald Trump knew what he was going up against. He didn't run away from it. He ran at it. That to me is one of the most amazing parts of this story.


In some ways. I, I think back to the story of David and Goliath, and this is one of my favorite stories out of, out of scripture. If you go back and look at it, David didn't run away. He didn't kind of slowly approach Goliath. He ran at him. And that kind of to me is Donald Trump knows exactly what he's up against. He's up against very powerful forces. I mean, we, as much as we despise the administrative state and the deep state and, and the corporate propagandists and all these things, these are very powerful forces. And they can do a lot of damage to your life. He didn't have to do this. He could have been enjoying a very good life somewhere else in the world playing golf for the rest of his life every day. And the lovely spot in the world, he ran at them And he took incredible pressure, incredible body blows, kept running at them, and in many ways triumphed over these people that were trying to destroy him.


And now he's back in a position of power to be able to implement, I think, a vision for this country that will begin a restoration. This is, I don't consider myself a conservative necessarily. 'cause what are we actually conserving? This, this to me is one of my great frustrations with the conservative movement writ large. Explain to me again what we've actually been conserving over the last 40, 50, 60 years. I'm more interested, and it's very, it's a very reactive term, too conservative. I'm far more interested in restoration in being a restorationists, in restoring the republic and restoring a constitutional republic in restoring a government of, by and for the people that actually promotes the interests of the American people.


Which kinda the premise of the American republic, right? All power flows from the American people, from the people to their duly elected representatives who they make the stewards of the power and money given to them to put together a government that actually promotes and protects the interests of the American people every day on every issue. And we've kind of lost sight of that. And Donald Trump's the great temerity of Donald Trump back in 2016, was that he kind of showed up and said, Hey, I, I think government of buying for the people should actually promote the American people and their interests. And that's why I think he was considered such a great threat by permanent dc the administrative state, whatever you want, however you want it, define it. This to me is a moment in time where we have a shot, where we have an actual shot of restoring the republic, of restoring a government of and of, for and by the people to the people to promote the people to protect their interests.


That to me is one of the most interesting things over the next four years. But it's going to require someone like Donald Trump with this political courage instilling into others political courage to actually do the right things. I'm, I'm a little nervous about Mike Johnson as speaker. I have my doubts about John Thon. But I think if he can actually instill the political courage necessary into Republicans on the hill, but also into his various nominees who I think will actually have what it takes to do what they should be doing in the various departments and agencies we could be in for a singular moment in American history in which we look back and go, this was the turning point where we actually began to restore the republic.


So many threads. But before we get Yeah. Get to No, no, I, I I think it's a great overview. Will all of Donald Trump's nominees be confirmed by the Republican Senate? I feel pretty good about a lot of them. I I would not be surprised if Pete Hegseth gets 52. We'll see. It feels that way. Yeah. It feels like he's gonna get, I'll be a lot more specific. They don't like Tulsi Gabbard. They don't like tulsi. I think RF K's got some problems, but you can't, I feel good. I feel good about Pete. I feel good about Russ vote. I think Russ is gonna be one of the more, Russ is great. It's gonna be one of the most important. Nobody really talks about OMB outside of dc.


I'm telling you, one of the most important vehicles that Donald Trump will be able to use to deconstruct and dismantle the administrative state is OMB. And you gotta have somebody like Russ vote. Ed Martin's gonna be the chief of Staff Bishop as his, has his deputy. And then I'm hoping he gets Eric Eland and his Deputy Director of management. That's a rockstar team at OMB. Marty McCarry, FDA. Amazing. Yeah, that'd be huge. Paul Atkins at SECI think feel, I feel good about that. So I think a lot of these people are gonna be, but you can't, he, I think he's gonna get overwhelming number of them through without too many problems. I think Tulsi and RFK are gonna be question marks if I'm being honest. I Don't think You can tolerate that.


I don't either. I mean, he's, because it's one thing to get, like, and I don't want to, you know, I don't wanna attack anybody. This hasn't even started. But, you know, there are some nominees who are just like, whatever. They're like everyone, they don't have views that are consistent with what Trump ran on. That's a fact. And so if the Republican Congress rubber stamps their buddies, whatever, right? But I'm sorry, they're not in charge of the Republican party. They're a lot less popular than Donald Trump. And I don't understand if you're, you know, Bobby Kennedy's point is like really important. He's not a perfect person, but we have a system that is killing people and he's a step in the right direction. Same with Tulsi. Yeah. She's not perfect person. No one is, but our foreign policy's insane. And it's hurting the United States. So like, why wouldn't the White House call over to Republican senators and say, you get in our way, we're gonna crush you.


How's that sound? I mean, it No, I've proposed this to certain people behind the scenes. Yeah. Like, Let's go. So We're not gonna put up with that point. Well, first of all, The Agent of Change, people voted for Donald Trump. Yeah. I mean, this was a very clear election. You get choice AdChoices b very different approaches to government and to the future. There's, there was no real illusion about, like, there's no confusion about what people were voting for. And they voted definitively for Donald Trump, you know, first, first Republican to win the popular vote since 2004. First Republican to win 311 electoral votes since 1988. First non-consecutive president since Grove Cleveland. I mean, this is a historical election. He wins Agent of change. Agent of change gets his change agents in the various departments and agencies.


Well, yeah. And the Senate gets to advise and consent. They don't get to say, no, we want our buddy, or we don't like this person, so we're not gonna give you this person. Donald Trump won. Donald Trump won. And also, by the way, I would make the argument help get them the Senate and the House. So you have majorities because of Donald Trump. Donald Trump won. Donald Trump would like these people to actually be in these departments and agencies. And unless they're a criminal or unless there's some, you know, terrible thing in their past that is disqualifying, you get to confirm them. End of story. Well, let's be honest, Tulsi Gabbard and Bobby Kennedy are opposed by lobbyists.


That's who opposes them. Right. Bobby Kennedy is opposed by pharma and ag lobbyists. Tulsi Gabbard is opposed by lobbyists acting on behalf of foreign countries. That's a fact. Yeah. So there is no reason that lobbyists should take precedent over the population of the United States. And so why wouldn't you say to a cop? I can think a Yeah, But then you're acting. So, but DC you, you, you've, you've been in DC I've been around 25 years. But Where's the cleansing sort of justice where you call up certain senators, I'm not gonna name names. You should and say, not only will we primary you Yes. And make certain you lose your Senate seat. We'll make certain you don't get a job after you leave the Senate. And then we're gonna unleash some of the toughest people in the Republican party.


Take a really close look at you. So I've proposed to, we're Gonna do to you what you plan to do to our nominees. As that said, I I have proposed to some people behind the scenes that Donald Trump should have a very honest conversation with some of these senators. Yeah. You have friends and family and associates that would like to be in involved in this administration. Some of you have primaries in 2026. Let me be very clear here, if you will. If you oppose or vote against any of my nominees, I will find primary opponents for you in 26. Also, none of your family or friends or associates will ever find a job inside of this administration. Ever. I'll become one of your worst enemies. Period. But if you're gonna attack the care, if you're gonna sit back and allow people to call Bobby Kennedy a nutcase. Right. And Tulsi Gabbard an agent of a foreign power, really.


I mean, I'm thinking of one senator in particular from the northeast, you know, whatever I, without even getting into. Right. You know, these are people who are vulnerable. Yes. Really, we're gonna look into Bobby Kennedy's behavior. Well, how about we look into yours? I, I think they're using Let's no play. I'm Sick of this. I I know. I think they're trying the carrot approach right now. And I'm, well, We need the flame sort of justice at a certain point. I, I'm usually the stick approach first. Yeah. So I really like the big stick to come out. Let's see how these hearings begin in really just a couple days, how they start to play out. But I think there needs to be a conversation behind the scenes of, you know, we, we'd love for you to do the right thing. And if you don't, there're going to be serious consequence. Imagine.


Because most, most of these elected officials, this, this is one thing that I've noticed about DC having been there for way too long. They're experts in self preservation. Yeah. They want to come back. That's what they care about it. Right. They want to come back in two years as a member of the house. They wanna come back in six years as a member of the Senate. Let's have a little chit chat about what your political future looks like. If you don't want to actually give me my nominees. Well, especially on the basis of no good reason. Right. On the basis of like the most corrupt motives, pressure from lobbyists to oppose. And I just wanna be clear, it's Bobby Kennedy and Tulsi Gabbard we're talking about. I think you're absolutely right. And they're going to impugn their characters.


This is, This is how DC has operated for way too long. That Chelsea Gabbard has never had a sip of alcohol in her life. You know, they're gonna call her a bad person. Really. The, the, the corporation, the corporate lobbyists and all of these various interests have way too much say in how a senator actually, or congressman actually operates instead of the people that actually voted them into office. And you and I both know this because the lobbyists are in there every day, pressuring, making sure there's a lot of money coming in for the reelection campaign so they can get reelected. The idea of self-preservation, it's, it's a pretty, I mean, there's, there's a whole host of things wrong with our system today, but this is one of them. What, what the, the bell that rings that they respond to is not the right bell.


It's been over a decade since Edward Snowden, who is a hero exposed the US government for spying on its citizens. He didn't commit the crime they did, but he, of course was punished. Now, you would think that the information that he brought to the public would cause permanent Washington to pause, reflect, apologize for violating the Constitution to the United States, the privacy and the rights of American citizens. But that's not what happened. No. Ed Snowden is still in exile. And In fact, just this year, the House of Representatives extended the rights of government agencies to spy on you. This is happening in public. It's infuriating to watch American citizens have lost as of today, the battle with their government to have privacy and freedom. You're being watched. So what can you do? Congress is not gonna help you. Well, You can actually do something. You can use Express VPN Express, VPN returns privacy to your life. It's an app that reroutes a hundred percent of what you do online through encrypted channels. That means nobody can see what you do online. So if you wanna protect yourself from corporate and government spying, and we do go to ExpressVPN dot com slash Tucker, and if you do that, you get an extra three, three months of privacy, that's ExpressVPN dot com slash Tucker. And you get an extra three months free. It's worth it. Privacy always is.


So JD Vance said something, I thought so I never have forgotten it during the election. And he said, we, the Republican party needs to be like a legit opposition party and needs to oppose the other side. Like, we need two parties. Okay. We need to be in balance. And one of the things that the other side does, and this, this is the key to Pelosi, you know, Pelosi's like kind of an idiot, but she's really tough. Yes. Like actually tough. And she sit people down and just have Right, you know, daughter of a mafia mayor. Like she knows how to do this from Baltimore. Right. And just like, let's be clear about what's gonna happen if you do that. Yeah. I'm gonna, and I don't, I I don't know a single person in the Republican party who, who will do that? No. This, this is what concerns me a little bit about the current Republican leadership in both the House and the Senate of i I, I wouldn't mind politically speaking, I wanna make that very clear politically speaking, it's okay to break a few legs and just say, this is the reality of what's gonna Happen.


There are a lot of moist handshakes in the Republican leadership. And so, so this is, this is a bigger frustration with the Republican party. People give you power, political power to use the political power to enact change. I think too many Republicans have come to DC And they are like, isn't this a lovely experience? It's gonna be a great career. We have a lot of careerists who are enjoying the, the fun career in DC and Democrats are like, by God, we have political power. We're going to break you to achieve what we want to achieve to fundamentally change and transform this country, the religious zealots. And we're all sitting here going, oh, that's kind of mean. We probably shouldn't do that. If you have been given political power, you should freaking use the political power given to you by the American people.


Or they might start to question, why did we give you political power in the first place? Because you don't know how to use it. Yeah. So I, I've watched this like for decades, right? And it, it is driving me slowly. It's driving slowly driving me crazy. But why isn't there like a, an outside group, like a super 5 0 1 C3 of some sort, right? Or C four, I guess to, to do this to say Like, this has been one of my arguments. Move on.org. It's like, we're gonna extract a cost if you don't serve your voters. It's super simple. You gotta elected on a program, right? You've ignored the program and the people who voted for the program in favor of lobbyists, We can't do that. New York, we're gonna hurt you. You, you know, the RC is never going to be that.


Even those you would like RC Well, RNC Is gone. It doesn't even exist exist anymore. It's you and Charlie Kirk are, have replaced it. So I get it. We need a significant, and it's not minor, it's not tens of millions. Right? You're talking with hundreds of millions every election cycle to have an proper enforcement mechanism of you said you were going to do this, this is what the people voted for. If you do not tow the line on this, we will find a competent, credible, primary candidate for you. And he or she will be well funded and we will crush you. That doesn't exist right now. Well, and it's not just that. I mean, I look at people including someone in leadership who clearly have had a hard conversation with someone who's like, we've got your online porn records, or we know who your boyfriend is.


Or, you know, you've got wasted on a kodel to Croatia acted like a pig. And we know that, right? I mean, clearly these are people who are being blackmailed. Like I can think of one in particular as clearly being blackmailed. And I'm against blackmail, but I'm also in favor of serving your constituents, of restoring democracy to the United States. People vote for something, they should get it. And I they're not getting it. And they never get it. And I'm just, The republic is in the balance. Yes. And, and I would make the argument, one of the arguments I make in, in American Leviathan is we're not really a constitutional Republican anymore. We got, you think we got a shot at restoring it. The Republic is at stake. Freedom is at stake. Liberty is at stake. The future of your kids, your grandkids, future generations is at stake stake.


We are in a cold political war. We have been in a cold political war for decades with the un-American left. At some point, are you going to figure out the reality of what time it is Republicans in DC before it's too late? And if you understand where we're at in our, in our nation's history and the singular moment that we have and what is at stake, I would hope they would find it somewhere within themselves to go to the mats and to fight with everything they have for their future, for their children's future, for their grandchildren's future. And understand it might make you feel a little queasy in the moment. Like, this is really hardcore. We are using some pretty brutal tactics, freedom, future of the country.


There are a lot of things at stake. We, and, and not only for this country, for the world. I mean, think about who we are for the rest of the world, the United States. We are a beacon of hope. We are really, the, the world's last great hope we are, if we fall, there's nobody coming for us. That's For sure. There, there's absolutely no one that will come and save America. If we're the hope of the world, we're the hope of the world. Even as we decline, we're even more important, I think is the last free place. So we have to think of the stakes not only for our country, but for the world as well. I agree. Dear God, find a backbone and understand we're if, if it's street style brawling tactics that are necessary to win, I think it's justified in doing that because for God's sake, they just tried to abuse our entire legal system and justice system to take out Donald Trump.


Quite frankly, others as well. Honestly, if they had won, I think they would've gone after some of us that are not in DC but are considered somewhat prominent in the conservative movement. No, I told people, I told my staff and I told others that I was working with this last year and, and you know, pretty significant project. There is a sense of urgency coming from me specifically. And there should be urgency from other leaders of organizations because if they win again, the next people that are gonna show trial and lawfare are us. So we better freaking win. And if we don't win, we've got problems. I don't think that's crazy at all. No, I don't. And, and, and I think we actually have to have that conversation about where these people on the left are.


They, they're deeply un-American. They are antithetical to freedom. They're antithetical to liberty. If they had the political power to do whatever they wanted to us, I think they would. I don't think I'm overstating that at all. And so people have asked, how do you think we get back to normal with this un-American left in this country? And my argument to them has been, we beat them into political submission and send 'em into the political wilderness for generations. That's the only way you get back to normal. But you have to frame the entire, you have to build the entire conservative movement around political power with the right people achieving political power, maintaining political power, and keeping it for long enough that You can actually achieve all the reform while putting them into the political wilderness.


And I don't think we're actually organized or structured that way at all right now. I do think a lot of meaningful reform will come from outside the party. Yeah. As it has on the left. They've been really effective and thoughtful in building up outside organizations that fund their party. And they keep it, you know, aligned, keep it on the track that they think it should be on. Of course, I find the, you know, I find their goals were pt, but I I think they've been very clever. I'm a great admirer of the left in regards to achieving political power and how they structure themselves and their, how, how they have structured themselves to achieve political power for all the wrong reasons.


All their policy ideas are terrible for this country. But they have, they have structured themselves to achieve that. And In fact, I can, based off all the numbers and statistics I've seen, the left is in the minority in this country. And yet they have an undue influence in politics and the various institutions because they have structured themselves to achieve power in the institutions and politically how they've invested their time and money into doing that. We, on the other hand, I mean, I know some people love a good white paper, and like some of the things that the think tanks do, we are not structured correctly to achieve and maintain political power. And I think that's one of the things that I hope that I can achieve over the next 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 years, whatever, however long it takes for people to understand if we do the right things in the field, in the various states, we can achieve and maintain political power for years to come.


But you actually have to be doing the right Things Yeah. And have the right, the right goals. I mean, power is never an end in itself. It's, you know, it's harnessed in service of right. Fighting corruption and improving the lives of the people who live here and, and Restoring A Representative democracy. So with the caveat that in the end, all politics is disappointing because the point of life is not power or politics, it's, you know, it's, it's God in my opinion. Yeah. It's, but you're always gonna be disappointed. The closer you get to the political process, the more horrified you're gonna be. That's you grew up around it. Yeah. I should say, I mean, your, your father was Yeah. He was in the house for 10 years. Yeah. Famous congressman. So you know the system better than anybody. And I think people who don't know it, once they get a glimpse of it, they're like, oh, that's repulsive.


I want to go back home. Yes. So like, it's just inherently disappointing. It's Where ignorance is bliss comes in handy. Yeah. Right. It's true. But it doesn't mean that one outcome is not better than the other one. Outcome is better than the other. So with that in mind, now that we've lowered the bar a little bit, let's just start, what are you excited about? What can this administration achieve in the next couple years? What can they achieve? What will they achieve? What I hope they will achieve? I want Donald Trump. I, I I'm not interested in trimming this government. I'm not Yeah. Interested in making it more efficient. Yeah. I'm interested in shattering this administrative state into a million pieces.


Yes. I think Donald Trump has figured out who the enemy is over the last, call it nine years in which I think he truly showed up in DC January of 2017 as the duly elected representative, president of the American people shows up in DC and goes, I'm the duly elected president. I get to decide a lot of the foreign and domestic policy. And ran into a system of government that said, yeah, we don't think so. We think we decide. And I think it was a startling, it was a startling moment for him when he realized, I thought we were Constitution republic representative democracy. And then folks in DC were like, mm, no, we're not really that we're an administrative state. The elected bureaucrats and their allies we're the ones that actually decide these things.


A lot of these things were settled years ago. Foreign policy, for example, this is the crazy part to me, Donald Trump's one of the, his great sins was showing up and, and thinking, I won an election. People voted for change. One of them was different approach from foreign policy. So we're gonna actually enact that. Like, no, we already settled that years ago. You don't get to decide that at all. It's already been decided by the smart people at the State Department by like Victoria Newland. And I think that for him was a moment where he realized we have a real problem. Then of course, he became a target of his own government, the DOJ and the FBI, I and all these people trying to take out the dually elected president of the United States with fake FIA warrants and fake dossiers and all this stuff.


And he realized we have a serious problem here. So leading up to now and then the, the four years of law fair in which on the most spurious of charges, they literally, I, I, I don't know the exact figure, but I have to guess it was hundreds of millions they soaked out of his campaign in regards to legal fees. And not only like trying to destroy him as a person, but also just suck cash out of him. I think he's coming back this month and being sworn in for another term and fully understanding we have a form of government that is running this country that has nothing to do with the constitutional republic. So I hope, I sincerely hope that he understands who the enemy is, that he has to go at them.


They've already declared war on him. This is not about him declaring war on the administrative state. They declared war on him years ago, and it's him responding in kind and going, we are not going to take this sitting down. And I hope on day one, I, I've got a, I've got a few thoughts on this. I'm glad you asked that he would go out and fire hundreds of thousands of federal employees, day one, GS twelves, GS thirteens, just, just, just pick out random names, fire them. Federal employee unions are gonna sue back stays. They're gonna go back and forth through the courts to get to the Supreme Court, probably 18 months, two years. To ask a fundamental question, does the head of the executive branch, the duly elected president of the United States, the Article two branch head, get to hire and fire whoever he wants to inside of this branch, is the question, is it yes or no?


And I would hope this Supreme Court says yes. And at that point, Donald Trump becomes the demolition man for the administrative state because that's where most of the administrative state resides is inside the Article two branch, the executive branch of, of our government. Donald Trump goes for broke And he starts firing people. My hope is that he's also told some of these new nominees that are gonna be secretaries, you are going to go in and on day one announce, I'm Linda McMahon, I'm the new secretary of education. I'm going to be the last Secretary of Education because by the time I'm done here, we are going to shut down this department. And then on top of that, we're going to not only shut down this building, we're going to implode it, we're going to raise it to the ground, and we're going to build freedom parks over this.


I mean, that's, that, that is the approach that has to be taken by Trump Day one of going right at the administrative state. I'm not interested in making it more efficient. I'm not interested in cutting regulations, I'm not interested in cutting spending. Those are all an effect. The cause is the state. You have to shatter it into a million pieces. So that's, that's my biggest hope. And I think he actually has the moral and political courage to actually do that. My hope and prayer, quite frankly is that all of his, if his various nominees have the exact same political and moral courage to do the same thing, because that is the issue. I'm telling you, Tucker, every issue that we are experiencing today in this country, in DC specifically, but in some ways, in in other aspects of the country, comes from a deeply unconstitutional administrative state that I think has nothing to do with advancing or promoting the interest of the American people.


That's the fight. That is the issue. That is the thing. It's a, it's a big ask of, it is a cabinet secretary because in cutting your staff, you cut your power. Yeah. That's my concern. Yeah. Capture. Right. No, my concern is that these secretaries, these new nominees who are gonna be confirmed, the secretary's gonna walk in and go, oh my gosh, I'm secretary of this department. Isn't this wonderful? And then how can I be as effective as possible as the new secretary of this various department and all the power that I have to actually enact change? No, no. The whole point is for you to make this thing go away, to make it end, to make it cease to exist. I have questions about some of them.


Doge not part, these are not federal employees. Right. Elon Musk, Vero Swami, they're not gonna become federal employees. Right. But they're gonna oversee what they're saying is the most transformative effort ever to shrink government to do to the federal government what Elon did to Twitter. I hope so. Doubts. How will that work? I think they're gonna run most of it through O and B. Right? Right. They're gonna run through Ross and his team and, and advise strategies, you know, plans. I I I, I'll be completely honest, when they say we're gonna declare victory and say we're done in 18 months in July 4th, 2026.


I, I, that's insane. Good To have a deadline though. It's nice to have a deadline. It's also an insane one. Why The administrative state started 112 years ago. It has been building, it has got so many reinforcing loops inside of this massive leviathan. You're not going to Absolutely. Just, first of all, I don't think You can get the fundamental question answered about does the head of the executive branch get to hire and fire whoever wants to in 18 months? I think it'll probably be two years. I've actually talked with Sean Davis, who's a good buddy. He's like, dude, I think you're lucky if it's answered in two years. I think there's some fundamental questions and things that have to be answered and done that are going to take some time. I don't think You can declare victory in 18 months. Hmm. This has been a hundred, a hundred plus years in the making.


And there are so many people with so many vested interests in the status quo, various people in, in, in governments outside of government, the entire system. They're going to fight tooth and nail to make sure that this system of government does not go away. So you're gonna be up against, I think we're gonna be involved if, if Donald Trump goes down the path of I'm going to destroy the administrative state. It could be that the previous nine years of the craziness that we have seen as a warmup act for maybe one of the coldest political wars we'll see in DC ever because of what's at stake. I mean, you're talking about regime change politics here, where, I mean two very different governing philosophies of how you approach government on a whole host of fronts from basic human rights to how government actually operates.


And there are a lot of people with vested interests in maintaining the status quo of the administrative state. And they're gonna fight tooth and nail to make sure that it doesn't go away. So I think in some ways, I love the fact that he has put brilliant minds like Elon and Vivek to do this with an outsider's approach. I just don't think it's gonna happen. I don't think meaningful fundamental change that is long-term and lasting is going to take place in 18 months. I'm, and I'm being realistic, having been in DC for 25 years,


Well, 2024 was a wild year. Who knows what 2025 will bring. But one thing a lot of people have realized is that remember thoughts and prayers, people made fun of that. No one makes fun of that anymore. Prayer actually works. It's just a fact. Every society has recognized that from the beginning of time until recently. And people are starting to realize, oh wait, prayer is essential every day. So if you wanna start something new that's good for your soul, easy to maintain and will last for the rest of your life, check out Hallow. It is the world's number one prayer app. I heard about it from my wife, not just once, but Every night at dinner for The best six months. She loves it because it's easy to use and it is life changing. It builds a daily habit of prayer and allows you bit by bit to grow closer to God. Every day of 2025, there are over 10,000 guided prayers and meditations on hall. You can check out the daily scripture readings, nightly sleep prayers, and a daily minute if you're short on time. There is all kinds of stuff on Hallow, all designed to get you to grow closer to God. So start the year off right by putting your relationship with God first and pray with the help of Hallow you get three free months of Hallow when you sign up at Hallow dot com slash Tucker. That's Hallow dot com slash Tucker that is sincerely endorsed from personal experience.


They've, both of them, as you said, are smart and capable. Yep. Very smart. Very capable. Yes. Generational yes. Talent. And both have put their prestige on the line. Yep. So they're highly motivated. Yep. To show results by July, July 4th, 2026. Yeah. But I don't want cheap victories. I don't want them to go. We've cut. I mean, first of all, it'd be great if they cut X number of dollars of spending and cut x, you know, hundreds or thousands of regulations. Wonderful, wonderful victories. Again, those are the effects. The cause is the state. All, all of this stuff that we've seen, the outta control spending, the outta control growth of government, all of these things are because of the administrative state.


It's in the DNA of it, right? No, I mean the, the, the progressives who founded the administrative state, viewed the state as salvation. Salvation was to come into every aspect of your life. It exists for its own benefit and it grows, But it's in the dna. Exactly. The, the DNA of the administrative state is perpetual growth. So if you, if if it continues to grow and you're just trimming right here and like, oh, we declared victory, it'll continue, it'll grow right back. You have to cut down the tree. The branches will keep growing. So I don't want them to just trim branches. I need them to tear up by root, the administrative state so that it doesn't return and continue to grow, grow, grow. A quick way to, to pair it, I think pretty significantly would be to cancel the security clearances of the contractors who work, because the federal government is, you know, its employees are just a, just a percentage of its overall workforce.


A lot of 'em are contractors. Twice as last statistics I saw there about twice as many federal contractors as there are federal Employees. Exactly. And a huge per all of the, all of the contractors attached to the national security state, which comprises the entire economy of say, Northern Virginia. Right. Where I'm from, where You're from. Yes. Exactly. It, these are the richest zip codes in the country because they're all federal contractors. And you could end their employment tomorrow by canceling the security clearances. I mean that they can't work there without security clearance. They can't Yeah. I think can't enter the building. I I am for all of the above in whatever approach it takes in the short term to stop the madness. I I, I talk about this a little bit in the PO where you've got system dynamics and inside of this massive sprawling system, you've got these reinforcing loops Yes.


That continue to grow and grow and compound. It's almost like compounding interest and then just explode in size and strength. Yeah. I think you've gotta start stopping these little reinforcing loops like revoking security clearances. So I think there's a whole variety of questions talking About your American leviathan. American Leviathan Leviathan's a sea monster. It is. But also the second definition is a massive sprawling bureaucracy that that borders on totalitarian. Yes. But the Leviathan is described in I think the old Joe and Isaiah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. In the Old Testament. Yes. As a, some sort of, not quite defined but terrifying sea monster. Yeah. Quasi quasi demonic sea monster that God eventually conquers, that Yahweh eventually conquers.


But the second definition is, is definitely about a massive sprawling bureaucracy that tends to be authoritarian and totalitarian. And that's what we have. I mean, this is the one thing that I just, it kind of started dawning on me years ago. Like, there's a serious problem with how DC operates. I mean, I was at the White House, George W. Bush, don't hate me for this. I wrote for him, which was a really interesting experience. You, you know, whenever you get to write for a president, he's signing your stuff. That's awesome. While my dad was in the house voting against all of his major pieces of legislation. Yeah. Which was pretty, when you go, when you're young and you go to DC and you're kind of new to what you think all Republicans are created equal, all the re all the red guys are good guys and all the blue guys are bad guys.


And then you start to realize, like I said earlier, not all Republicans are created equal. There's, there's definitely like different shades along the way. And I remember my dad having to take some pretty strong stances in the house and voting against a lot of these major initiatives from George W. Bush because he strongly believed they were not conservative at all in the least bit. In fact, one of the biggest ones was Medicare Part D. This is one of the, my dad is the prescription drug benefit. Yes. The prescription drug drug benefit. I think it was 2003, right before the 2004 election. They really wanted it because they felt that it would help with the senior vote. And there were about 24, about two dozen holdouts in the house and the Republican caucus that said, we're not going to vote for this.


We were just not going to, they brought 'em down to the White House. They had Dick Cheney and all the senior White House staff kind of have a little chitchat with them. They all came back And they we're still not voting for this. And then Bush was overseas and started lobbying them directly. And I remember him calling my dad and saying, I really need this vote. And my dad was like, you know, you're doing a great job representing us overseas, sir Jim, I really need this vote. I'm not giving you this vote click. That was it. It was the end of the conversation. And yeah, my dad fighting tooth and nail to, to try and prevent that from passing it actually passed by one vote because they kept the house floor open for an additional, I don't know how many hours, and eventually got someone to switch their vote in the like 3:00 AM 4:00 AM hour.


This was a crawl Rove project. It was, yeah. You, you realize compassionate conservatism, conservatism is just another name for big government. And this is, so this is the other thing too. I I make this point. Remember when people treated Carl Rove like a genius? Yes. The thing, the thing that I lower your standards of Carl's a genius. The thing that's that Donald Trump again, and why he is viewed as such an existential threat by permanent DC is he rejects the premise. Yeah. Nixon and Reagan rejected the premise that the administrative state was legitimate. And I think actually Watergate is really more a story of that than anything else. I mean, when you go back and look at the story of Watergate, Richard Nixon had just won 500, 520 electoral votes, biggest victory in American history.


History. 49 states won by 20 million votes in the popular vote. It was massive. And he talked very clearly about what he intended to do in a second term in restructuring and dismantling administrative state. And then lo and behold, Watergate happens. And there's a lot of questions about what actually Worked out, not questions or answers. The deputy director of the FBI, I was Mark Fel Throat. Yeah. Mark Feld Ghost. Ghost, his corporate propagandist, of course, Woodward and Bernstein And Woodward was a former naval intel officer And uses them as the mouthpiece to then take out the duly elected president of the United States, of course, who was an existential threat to the administrative state. It was flip side of the coins Russiagate. Yeah, of course. Same thing, of course. Because the first Republican president since Reagan, to reject the premise that the administrative state is legitimate Donald Trump. Yeah. George W. Bush, George HW Bush, George W. Bush.


Were like, we're okay with it as long as we get to run it. And this is what always worries me a little bit about Republicans who are like, well, it's okay as long as we're running it. No, it's a poisonous tree with poisonous fruit. Can I just say, you cannot reform it. Richard Nixon should have held, I mean, he, he was an institutionalist in a lot of ways. Nixon, he was like too responsible for his own good, but if he had just held a primetime Yeah. News conference live and said, let me tell you what's actually going on here. CIA and FB, I have colluded to kick me out because I'm a threat to permanent Washington institutional power. And that's just a fact. And here are some details that you might like to know. You know that five outta six of the Watergate burglars were actually CI employees.


Like Yeah, Exactly. And the guy, this reporter from the Washington Post was actually worked in the White House. He was sent over by the Pentagon to work in the White House as a naval intel officer two years ago. This guy's not a reporter. Bob Wood's not a reporter. When you look back, it's Also fake when you look back. Why, why didn't Nixon do that? Don't know. But that, but but that shows you who Donald Trump is as a person. Right? No, you're right. I mean, Nixon, Nixon could have done that. Yeah. He didn't. Donald Trump basically has no, he has no, no, no, no. That's not the truth of what's taking place, the corporate No, You're right. You're Totally, And he stood up And he said, this, this is completely politically motivated. They're trying to take me out because I'm a threat to them.


That's such a smart description of the difference between Donald Trump and Richard Nixon is that Trump said aloud what was actually happening. And I think that's well why they tried to assassinate him in Butler, Pennsylvania among other places. So Thank you for that. Let me ask about something you alluded to, which is law. Can I say something really quick Though? Of course. Please. The amount of courages that it simply took to say something out loud that people would consider verboten. Yeah. That's part of Donald Trump's great power. He'll say stuff out loud to people. You shouldn't say that. Or you, you, you can't be saying that. But he needs to say it. And he should say it because of situations like this where he has the ability to say, and sometimes, you know, he says things that, you know, maybe are not the, the most helpful, but a lot of times he says things out loud that in the past people would've said, you can't, you can't say that.


But it does raise the question like, why can't you? I know. Why can't you, why Has no one else said that? Right. And why has no one ever explained what the UFO program is about? Or why, who killed Kennedy? Or what happened to nine 11? Like just the obvious things. Nobody, why is no other president? Not that Trump has revealed the truth about any of those things, but Hopefully someday soon. Yeah. But I think we're, we're getting closer just to knowing what the government's been doing for the past 80 years. But you have to wonder about all the other presidents, like the amount of things that every American president has not said. Right. The amount of things that people just very obviously lied about. Like why, what are they so afraid of? You just got elected by the population. Right. The most powerful country in the world. Why do you care? You got your army behind you. They're your voters.


Why, why can't you tell obvious truths about things? Like what are you afraid of? Exactly. That is like, I Mean, yeah, if You wanna understand people's behavior, right. Look at it through that lens. What are they not saying? What are they not doing? What are the limits they're imposing on themselves? And why are they imposing those? Why are they doing That limits? What Are they, what exactly are you afraid of? You control the panic on the FBI. I, right. It's not like You don't have bodyguards. Right. You've got tens of thousands of bodyguards. It's A great question. Donald, Donald Trump, again has said, I reject the premise that I have to be quiet. Which I think is a very refreshing approach. And the question is, how far will he go? And I hope he does go. I, I totally agree. But it would be interesting to know what the control mechanisms are. And if you, the last thing, I'll shut up, but the last thing I would just recommend anyone watching is to go pull the audio of Richard Nixon in the Oval Office speaking to the then CIA director about, among other things, the Kennedy assassination and the, and the fear or the sort of deference that, that Nixon has is very striking.


Nixon's a pretty brave guy in a lot of ways, but like, you know, it's, you're, you're talking to your employee, you're talking to your housekeeper like you don't need deference. What? Answer the freaking question pal or I'll fire you. There's none of that in his voice. None. No, I know. Because you've Got employees. Would you, do you tiptoe around when you talk to them? Like, did you finish the assignment Are you embarrassed to ask that? No, they're your employees Because the power structure it has has been constructed over the last a hundred years. How, how do I, there's, there's a couple threads I want to go down with that question. He's Not only talking to his employees, He's not talking to his employee. Talking To his masters Actually. Yes. Yeah. He's talking to the real decision making. Yes. Inside of our government, which was the whole point. It's crazy. No, I, I mean in American leviathan, the people have to understand progressives hated the constitution.


They wanted to destroy the political and moral authority of it. They wanted to do away with the machinery of the republic. They wanted to do a separation of powers, all of these things. And in its place, put in this massive administrative state, this massive bureaucracy filled with unelected bureaucrats who they thought our elected representatives should sub delegate governing and legislating to because they thought the bureaucrats should actually be doing the business of governing and running the country. So people, I think people are a little perplexed when they see behavior like this of where the unelected bureaucrats like Chris Ray, remember at that hearing with Grassley, it was the oversight committee hearing. And Ray informs him, Hey, I gotta go, I gotta get on my plane.


I've got an important trip to be at. It was a family vacation, by the way. He told off the Senate that was supposed to be providing oversight. I have to leave. And He goes on the FBI jet to his private vacation home to enjoy a little downtime. He was telling off the people that were supposed to be providing oversight. 'cause it's not really how it works anymore. But that was the always The, but those people never threatened. Okay. Okay. But that was the point from day one, Chris Will defund you. I mean, why is that hard? This Is what I can, oh, say. So We're not gonna build you a new building. Right. The whole point was for these unelected bureaucrats to be doing the covering, to be doing the decision making. It'd be nice if Congress said, you know what? We hold the purse strings. We're not going to fund you anymore. We're just simply not going to fund you. Why did the Speaker of the House sign off in a new FBI building?


Great Question. Like, what's that? Can we just, okay. Let's just be totally blunt. Now, what is that? The Republican speaker of the house who strikes me as like an out of the closet liberal, outta the closet liberal more than, more than weak, working for the, working for the other side. I Mean, that's, he's The best speaker Democrats could hope for. So what? And he, not a fan, and I, I kind of understand some of the political dynamics of why Trump is pushing for him to avoid, what was it, 17 votes or whatever it was. Let's get down to business that we had last time. So I kinda understand some of that at the same time.


I mean, could Democrats hope for a better speaker right now with them being in the minority? I don't think so. Mike Johnson is one of The best things they could hope for right now. He gives 'em whatever they want to. I think, I think this recent spending bill, the initial version of it, really shows the true nature of who someone is that allows something like that to go to the, to, to come out and, and being public of this 15, 1600 page monstrosity. I think that was the true illustration of, of how weak he actually is. But yeah, I mean, these guys have been performing political law fair inside of our government against not only The president, but I would argue members of Congress and for years.


And you're gonna go ahead and reward them with, I can't even remember the cost for new FBI headquarters. But it's not millions. It's hundreds of millions. Right? Of course. Why are you rewarding these people that have badly abused our system? Who, by the way, I don't think right now in their current iteration, the DOJ and the FBI, I, you know, we always consider them the guardians of the rule of law. And one of the basic pillars of our society was rule of law and the equal enforcement of justice that all stood equal before the law. And the DOJ and the FBI were gonna enforce that and make sure that happened. Now they're just a pretorian guard of the administrative state. Why are you funding them? Why are you rewarding them for this behavior in which, quite frankly, I would go back to self-preservation. If you had, if you do really do believe in self-preservation as a party and as an opposition party, because the DOJ and the FBI, I and the various parts of the administrative state are protecting the administrative state And they view Republicans for the most part as a threat to that.


Why are you funding them to continue doing more damage to you and trying to destroy you? Are you insane? Makes no sense. What's The answer? I think they're weak. I don't think they understand what time it is. I don't think they fully come to the, I don't think they want to maybe fully examine the reality of what is, They seem afraid of their enemies, but not of their friends. Yeah. They seem more eager to please their enemies than to please their allies. But what In't in hopes that they'll get eaten last. This, this is, this to me is at some point you have to wake up to the reality of what's going on. Yep. And if you don't, it, it might be too late.


And that's why I think Donald Trump being reelected is a huge step in the right direction of he's gonna, hopefully he can instill a little bit of a spine. Who's he gonna pardon? Backbone? Who is Trump? Yep. Going to, pardon? Well, I hope they won. Is all the January 6th. I think that, I think that's right. I mean, listen, that was, there are so many different questions that have now risen. I had questions when it actually happened. Like what? This, this something's wrong here. You can't, I mean, the whole, all the chaos, there's something wrong. Well Now we just know this is just a setup. It was a setup. Yeah. I think he has to go out and not only pardon them, I would hope that they get good lawyers And they get massive settlements from the government for all the abuse they've taken over the last four years.


Significant. And I hope all the media people I used to work with who hated me for saying that, apologize. Because now they never will evidence. They, They haven't apologized. They haven't apologized for Russiagate. No, They haven't. They didn't apologize for using a fake dossier and saying, this is proof of Russian collusion. When quite frankly, I think a lot of them, well, some of 'em didn't. 'cause they're not smart enough. Some of them knew that it was fake. They just viewed it as a useful weapon to take out someone they hated. I think some of 'em actually believed it. 'cause they're dumb. So he pardons the J six Defendants. Amen. I think he will. He said he will. Yep. Immediately. But is, I mean, Biden just pardoned a bunch of murderers, including people who murdered children and drug dealers.


Yep. So, I mean, there's a precedent for, you know, big pardons. Do do you think there's a lot of people are gonna get pardoned? I hope so. I mean, I, I, I couldn't give you a list of names, but I but The vic the victims of law, yeah. I would, I I would think that he can go through and just go, for the last four years, or quite frankly eight years, everybody that has been abused by this political lawfare who's been abused by the DOJ and the FBI, I and every other aspect of our government. Full pardon. And again, go back to not just the pardons, not, not only do you get you freedom back and your your lives back, but I hope that there's significant settlements. Yeah. I mean, I, I hope that these people get paid out significantly.


And I don't like to see more taxpayer money being sent out to people. But in this situation, I'm all for it. Yeah, I'm too. Speaking of spending, so you said the goal has to be to uproot the tree, not just pared down its branches. This is Right. The America bio. This is The tree. If, if there is a debt crisis, and I think everyone is, whether they say it out loud or not really concerned about, yeah. You know, what Are we 36 trillion. Right? And by debt crisis, I mean specifically the reluctance of country, other countries and institutions to buy our debt. Right. You know, 'cause that, that, you know, then we're really hamstrung could a debt crisis, which is probably coming at some point, be used to, to uproot the tree because it's like very expensive to have a government this big.


It's, it's unsustainable. Right? I mean, this is at, at some point. And I think we're coming to that. I think we have come to that point. I think we came to that point a long time ago, actually. But now it's becoming unsustainable. I mean, at one point this last, was it last year or two years ago, we were growing it by a trillion in a hundred days. Every hundred days or something in the national debt. It's just, it's exploding. I think Trump thinks he can grow us out of some of these situations. I don't think that's the only, I don't think that's the solution. At some point, you have to address the underlying of what are we actually doing with this government that continues to grow. That the DNA and its DNA is perpetual growth.


Again, going back to if you believe government, if you believe the state is salvation, and it should invade every aspect of your life. Well, until every aspect of your life is saved, government will continue to grow. You have to completely destroy this to stop the spending. To stop the growth. So I think he has to, he, he has to go down that dual path. Yeah. We can, we, you know, growth in our economy, but at the same time, the underlying cost for the debt, the spending has been this state. And I think we have to have a conversation. This is, this is the one thing where it feels like the American people. We never actually had a conversation with the American people about what form of government they wanted. It was just a slow moving regime change. I would argue a slow moving revolution against the republic.


Over the last hundred years. People are under the illusion. We have some representative democracy, constitutional republic, when In fact we don't, what, what is the government that we think best fits that, that is best suited for a government of buying for the people that provides the most, you know, amount of freedom and liberty and the most amount of prosperity for the American people. And we've really, I don't think we've really had that conversation over the last a hundred years. It's just kind of been slow, moving slow. And all of a sudden we wake up to find ourselves in 20 24, 20 25 now going, I don't think we ever had a conversation about this. Right? Because the country was rich. And as long as you're rich, yeah, it was rich. You don't worry About details and got, and the economy was growing and life was great, and we're just gonna continue on.


This will never end. But that's not, that's not how history works. That's not how at some point the music stops and people have to have hard conversations about what are we actually doing to make sure that we, this is sustainable in the future. Because what we have to is not sustainable at all on any


level. Are you ready to make getting a good night's sleep? Your New Year's resolution? It's a worthy resolution. Cozy Earth completely transformed the way we sleep. And it's made the difference. Everyone on our team agrees. They got bamboo sheets set. It sounds weird, but it's awesome. Ask anyone who works here. They love 'em. Cozy Earth sheets made from a hundred percent premium. Bamboo derivatives are soft and breathe And they get better with every wash. Again, sounds weird until you try it, in which case you are hooked. Cozy Earth also prioritizes quality and care with a hundred night sleep trials. So that means you try their sheets for up to a hundred nights. If you don't love 'em, you send them back for a full refund. We're not gonna ask what they do with those sheets. But you get your money back so there's no risk. A good night's sleep is essential. Visit cozy earth.com/ Tucker, use our exclusive code Tucker for up to 40% off. And if you get a post-purchase survey mention you heard about Cozy Earth from this show, we'd be grateful


you were a backer of Cash Patel for FBI Director. Yeah. I mean, I lobbied Trump on it. Why? And what do you think, what do you think It's a good idea that he's gonna run the FBI? I, So I was deeply concerned about, you know, people, some, somewhere, somewhere inside of Trump world. Someone was pushing Mike Rogers, which I thought was a terrible mistake. Who's Mike Rogers? Former FBI agent was running for Senate, was a member of the house, former FBI was a member of the house. I think Intel committee then was running for Senate this time around Lost narrowly. And then someone was pushing him to be FBI director, which I think was the wrong take by like a country mile.


You don't need an institutionalist to go in and run what I think is one of the most corrupt institutions in our country today. And I told Trump I was, I was like, as much as you need a loyalist running DOJ times it times a hundred running the FBI. I, it's a pit of vipers. And you need somebody like Cash Patel. We talked about Rick Grinnell Cash Patel. But you need somebody that's gonna go in there and be fearless to say, we're we are, we are not doing this anymore. In fact, I I, I would kind of like, I know Cassius said this again, we'll see what happens. But, you know, he's, he said that day one, he'd shut it down and turn it into a museum for the deep state, the FBI, I and his current form, his current iteration needs to cease to exist.


And I think Cas Patel has not only the the in in intelligence, but who's gonna, and the skills, who's gonna Commit terror attacks if we don't have an FBI. Yeah, I know this, this to me, I think we have to, what has been the point of the FBI, they started, what, 1908 I think is when they originated. What, what are they actually doing? What is their purpose right now? Besides being, I dunno, Pretorian guard for the administrative state recruit McRay. Right? And, and looking at potential people like Donald Trump as existential threats and trying to destroy them. What, what, what? And then we continue to fund it blindly. This is writ large with our government administrative state.


What I find one of the most interesting things about Republicans today and half for quite frankly years elect me. I'm gonna go to dc I'm gonna change dc They get to dc they accept budget recommendations from these very department of agencies. Go ahead and pass those, fund them. Do these four or five thou thousand page bills, send them over to the bureaucrats who with their statutes and regulations actually put a fine point on how this is actually gonna look in reality. So they're doing the real governing. So they've not only given them all the funding without any real oversight, they just give it to them. They've then sub delegated their legislative authority to these unelected bureaucrats and then go home and say, you need to send me back. I know those, those those people, the EPA or the FDA made some terrible regulations that are ruining your lives.


But send me back, I'll fight the system and I'll make sure that doesn't happen again as they get reelected to then fund those people again to then send 'em forward 5,000 page bills to then do the statutes and regulations that actually govern us. The whole system is completely bonkers. And it's actually very beneficial to most of these elected representatives. Yeah. Experts in self-preservation. 'cause they don't have to make the hard choices. They, they don't actually have to do the really hard decisions on legislating because the statutes and regulations that have the binding effect of laws is what's being done over here in the Article two branch by these administrative state bureaucrats. At some point, we, we, we, we, I do have some hope that we're gonna have a chance not only with Donald Trump, but the Supreme Court.


Did you, the last summer, there were a couple cases that I think gave us real hope. Yes. It was not only Chevron deference where the Supreme Court said my favorite case, yeah. 40 years. This is a disaster. We're not gonna have judicial deference to these bureaucrats. EA regulations and statutes. I think the other one that wasn't discussed as much that should have been is when the Supreme Court said the SEC tribunals, you can't have those anymore. You can't have the SEC cannot have its own private administrative law tribunal, in which 90% of the time that SEC tribunal ruled in favor of the SEC. The Supreme Court said, first of all, it calls into question the idea of an independent judiciary. 'cause you're taking the judicial role inside the Article two branch, not the Article three. And he annihilated seventh, our seventh amendment, which is right to trial by jury.


We're not gonna do this anymore. Which was, by the way, I mean, you look at some of these things that we're dealing with today and, and look at where the founders started. They wanted an independent judiciary because they saw what the British courts were doing in rubber stamping King George II and his ministers and Parliament edicts that they viewed as very deeply unfair to them. But they were just acting as a rubber stamp. So they said, we're gonna have an independent judiciary. And then with the administrative state, obviously it's annihilated the separation of powers. And you have Article two branch doing a lot of the legislative and a lot of the judicial. I think Supreme Court stepping up and saying, we're not gonna do this anymore, is another step in the right direction. But at some point, I would hope that members of Congress would find it within themselves to have just the smallest bit of political curse to say, I'm not going to blindly fund this stuff anymore.


And that's a step in the right direction. Like for, for example, with the FBI, I, let's, we're not gonna do this anymore. We can't do this anymore for our own sakes, for the sake of the country. I think it'd be important for the White House to lead on, on issues like that. Yes. Just how about No, how about no, I I I would very much like Donald Trump to say the FBI, I does not deserve a new headquarters. Yeah. That and a lot of other issues, you know? Yeah. Just like No, just make statements. Yeah, exactly. What happens to Kamala Harris now? Where does she go from here? Yeah. Where does she go? I know you're not a Democrat, but the, the As heap of history. But like, you know, typically you run for president and you lose on the Democratic side and you get Well, John Kerry's our climate czar, I guess.


Right. Right. And there's always a, a soft landing for, for the loser. I Don't think so. Not for her. Tell me. I think she was such a disaster. They got stuck. I mean, first of all, they, they boxed themselves into a corner of their own making. Yes. Right. They, they knew Joe Biden, They got a DEI candidate And they lived with the results. Right. And then all of a sudden realized in June, this isn't gonna cut it. I'm glad They didn't make her like a commercial airplane pilot. I mean, we, the America got out pretty easy Actually. Right. We, we, we did. And I think they got stuck And they realized this is the only horse we've got to ride. They tried to pull it off. It looked for a couple weeks. Maybe they've got a shot.


And then obvious all of a sudden, obviously the reality of who she is. Yep. A lightweight, intellectually a lightweight so far in over her head. It's clear that she's just been going up the ranks as A-D-D-E-I advancement for her whole life. Yes. I I I think they're gonna be very happy for her to fade off into obscurity. I mean, all this, I I saw some shit. You feel Sorry for it all? I do. Not at all. I kind of do. Maybe I'm the liberal here, but I, I feel like she's a victim of, of self-esteem culture. And I think She's allowed herself to be that though. She had No, you're, I mean, she's been, she's been a beneficiary of it. She's had She be vice president of the United States.


Well, I'm saying based off being completely honest, based off her talents or lack thereof, or her skill sets, whatever. She's had a pretty fricking good life. No, She had no, You're absolute right. Great life. But Imagine far above and beyond what she should have done. Yeah. No, you're right. But that's true. But she's also just a, a vessel for the ambitions of others. Like, she's almost like an innocent bystander kidnapped off the street. Just, just human trafficked into her current position. Do you know what I mean? It's like you just, you just look like the kind of person. I, I don't know if I've ever heard it described that way. No. I'm gonna have to think about that. Maybe I'm a liberal, but I just, she's so dumb. And you just could, what is that phrase that you use? Imposter syndrome?


Yes. Where you sort of know that you're not qualified to be doing what you're doing. And people say they feel that way, but she has her life was that She has no future in national politics. Oh, For sure. So she, so will she be the head of the douchebag foundation or wherever they sort of put people like that? I don't know. I really don't. Probably. Right. It feels like she has completely just Even those, she's still, you know, vice president for, for a few more weeks. I, it feels like she is already been relegated to obscurity. And I think that's going to be the rest of her. She's Just disappeared. Yes. It's gonna be the rest of her existence. I'm sure that somewhere someone will find her a nice gig at a foundation. But I think this last time you're gonna see any serious conversation about her.


I Think he required to keep her in the public eye. Like George Floyd. I always like, once we remember, we declared him Jesus, I don't know if You remember that. I, I We Defi him. Yes. I wanted to keep talking about George Floyd. Right. Like, why don't we have George Floyd Day. Right. Like, let's talk about, you know, his porn career. I, I I think they're and his Drug addiction and his armed robbery conviction, I think they're more than happy for her to just simply fade away into, yeah. So I don't think they should be allowed to do that. I don't think they should be able to do memory hole Carmela Harris. Yeah. Like, she should have to explain how her first name is pronounced and why, and why she doesn't do so consistently. I think she should be forced to talk a lot more just to, to like make them live. Right. Like make the dog return to his vomit. Right. That's what we should make them live. We, we Should Like where Is Kamala Harris like the greatest joy spreader this country's ever seen it?


How did she disappear? Like I think they will do everything that they can to avoid that. I think they will do everything they can to make sure that, I think they should be required by statute. Never have a conversation about her Again. She should be president of Harvard, I think. No, I'm serious. You should take their most beloved institution. The most rotten. Corrupt, disgusting, overrated. You should, You should start a petition on this. Oh, for Real. Like, she's such a genius. She's so incredibly accomplished. She's the most accomplished woman who ever ran for president. She should be required to be the head of Harvard. How great would that be? I I like that. Yes. Sure. Let's do it. We could start a campaign together, don't you think? Let's do it. But in real life, like, she's just gonna fail. She's Gone. Yeah. Yeah, She's gone. What about Jill Biden? Dr. Jill? Dr. Sorry.


I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to be sexist Dr. Jill. I Yeah, I I She has an education degree from the University of North Delaware or whatever. You mean our first female president? Yeah. Come on. I think the scary part, the scary part to me over the last four years is that we knew, some of us knew sooner than others, but I think a lot of people knew this guy had early cognitive decline. He was already in some stage of dementia. His, His sister was telling people, I know that From pretty much day one He ran for president Right. From pretty much day one of him being sworn in. I mean this, this to me is one of the great scandals of, I dunno however many generations of political history ever. Yeah. That we had Joe Biden in the White House in cognitive decline, early dementia, whatever you wanna call it, who was actually running the country for four years.


I mean, this is, this to me is like, it's a Woodrow Wilson replay right. Where his wife and his chief of staff were actually running most of Tony Blinken I think was running. You think Blinken? I do. Yeah. But certainly the meaningful parts of the, And then everybody covered it up. Yeah, I know. Like, wait, Joe Scarborough, this is the greatest version of Biden ever. So yeah. I don't, I, you know, Dr. Jill, our first female president should have a bright future in front of her, whatever she wants to do. And The one thing I always liked, well actually honestly, a couple things I always liked about Hunter Biden. I know you're not supposed to say it, but, you know, I knew him well and I was kinda liked him. And drug addiction was his real, was the, you know, he became a monster because of Right. Cocaine and pills as many do.


But, but he hated her. Really? Oh, he thought she was a screaming bitch. And he said so in person And he said so in writing on his laptop. Oh yeah. He said that she was a bitch and stupid. And I think that's a fair assessment. Yeah. From someone who spent his life living with her. Like he would, if anyone would know what Dr. Jill is really like, it's her stepson Yeah. Hunter who started dating his dad when he was like four or something. Right. So, and I don't know why Republicans didn't make more of that. And everyone wanted to focus on the crack and the toe sucking and everything, but Dr. Jill is stupid and a bitch. Yeah. I don't know. I thought that was great. Republicans aren't used.


Again, going back to what we discussed earlier, they're not used to fighting bare knuckles brawling style. And they think that would've been beneath them. And undignified, Undignified. And these people were these people for four years undignified. And this was not, I mean, I think we have to have the, you know, when we talked about immigration and, and our foreign policy and the inflation and the, and economy and all these things were taking place. This, when there's a series of coincidences, it ceases to be a coincidence. Yes. It was all systematic. Yeah. Just, we're just gonna just continue to destroy this country. We're gonna completely remake it with massive illegal immigration. I mean, this to me is why I can't understand these people hate this country.


They hate the country as originally founded. They hate the original constitution. They hate the idea of the freeborn American people. They hate whites. If I can just say There, there's a lot of things that they have hated for a long And they intentionally and systematically were seeking to destroy us and our way of life. And Republicans, a lot of Republicans in DC are going along with it going, oh, they're really not that bad, are they? Yes, they are. They truly are. And they would hope they, their goal I think is to see this country cease to exist as it once was, and to create some new order for this country that has nothing to do with where we came from at all. I, I think people feel that.


But they wouldn't fight One of the brights. No they wouldn't. One person who I think is a, is a true bright spot in the Republican party. There are a couple, but the brightest of all in my view is JD Vance. Yes. Who has a gut level understanding of everything you just said is legit smart. Smarter than I think people understand like Yeah. Actual high IQ character. Yes. Not a ton of those in politics. And also a decent person, kind of normal person. So he's now vice president. What does that mean? I have to tell you, one of the most imp you've known JD longer than me. I met him when he was thinking about running for Senate. Yes. In the primary, got to know him. I obviously lobbied Trump to endorse him in the primary and Senate.


Good for You. So I got to know him a little bit there. Obviously lobbied a little bit for him to be vp. I know you and Don Jr. Did a lot more on that front, but was like, this is, this is the future of the country. I, I texted him. The most impressive part to me is having known him, seeing where he is come from. You get put in pressure cookers like he was put in over the last year. You either collapse, you rise, he's gone. Next level. I mean, this to me is, I mean obviously he's an intelligent person. He's very talented. But you get put into those situations, you either collapse or rise. And he rose and I think he's gone to the next, what Did He, oh my God. He's gone to the next level. Which is extremely impressive. And I think the thing that was really important for me in who Trump picked as his VP was the future of what does America first look like after I'm gone?


He's got four years, he's done. Right. That's it. And I think a lot of people in dc, permanent DC establishment, Republicans, corporate, you name it, we just have to outlast him for another four years. And then He goes in and now J d's 40, but he was 39 at the time and goes, tell you what I'm gonna do. I'm gonna pick a 39-year-old VP who's going to be the heir to America first when I'm gone. He's gonna be around for a long time. Like, this is the few I'm going, I'm pushing all my chips in. This is an all in move on America first. You're not gonna just outlast me for four years. I'm gonna make this into a permanent long-term political movement. Yeah. That to me was what he did with jd. And JD got put into that situation.


Pressure cooker rose to the occasion. And I think he has really, it's been extremely impressive to me. I mean, everything that he has done, I mean, having done a lot of tv, what he would do on the Sunday morning shows, not one or two, but sometimes three on a given day going in and dismantling each one of those anta, antagonistic, hostile hosts. I, I'm so impressed by what he did and was able to do. I feel the same way. Not easy. And he did it so well and rose to the occasion every time, by the way, which you and I, I mean I've done enough tv. Sometimes you have, you're like, ah, that wasn't the greatest. It seemed like every time he went in and did this, I was just like, that is so freaking impressive.


Well, was it me? I spent my wife in tv. I can tell you that. I mean, I don't think that beating some, a lot of these people are stupid, like beating George Stephanopoulos or Margaret Brennan or something. Like have you Come to the same conclusion I have that if you're a corporate propagandist, you can't be intelligent or smart. Can't, 'cause you can't be a free thinker and you have no dignity. Yep. Dignity. You have to accept dignity. Right. No self-respect. Right. But what I found amazing as someone who did it for a living my whole life was not just that he won the arguments, he's smarter than they are, is that he did something that I could not do, which is remain kind of cheerful, calm, charming, calm. Yep. Retain, you know, she has enormous self-control. And I couldn't do that. I think I could probably beat Margaret Brennan in an argument, I hope.


Right. But I would come off as like sneering and angry and anti-women or say, you know what I mean? But jd No, I know JD was amazing. Oh, I get it. I could not do that. No, I couldn't either. I get fired up and kind of get a little snarky and little. Yeah, yeah. Exactly. Very pugilistic at times. Me too. And he, he's very calm, dignified, very rational. It's incredible. Highly intelligent. Yes. But I think that, that to me is, again, going back to what Trump did with him. We're all in on this. A young VP who hopefully we're gonna have a very successful four years with Trump. He's gonna use jd effectively set up JD in the future. And then all of a sudden, because going back to what I said earlier, you don't fix what we've been going through for the last a hundred years in 18 months.


You don't even fix it in four years. I think we need no less than 12 years of political power with the right people in DC to actually bring about the fundamental change necessary. So you have to set yourself up for at least 12 years of political power. Four years of Trump, eight years of jd. Yeah. And then all of a sudden you've got, you've got the ability with the right people doing the right things to actually bring about the right reform necessary to restore the republic. This is about going back to, and I, I, I totally agree with you about political power has to be in the right hands doing the right things to achieve the right ends. But, but this to me is why we have to achieve and retain political power for no less than 12 years in dc.


If you're still using Verizon, at and t or T-Mobile, obviously our condolences, but you're gonna want to hear this. Our cell phone company Pure Talk, gives us the exact same service you're currently getting from those big companies. But for half the cost, not a joke. There's no reason to spend 85 or a hundred dollars per month per person on your wireless bill. Now You can get unlimited talk text and 15 gigs of data with mobile hotspots for just 35 bucks a month. You don't have to be a math major. The average family of four saves about a thousand dollars a year with Pure Talk. You enjoy America's Most Dependable 5G network support small businesses. We would know that because they are now powering TCN. It can probably save you money too. So cut the fat out of your wireless bill, switched to Pure Talk by going to pure talk.com/ Tucker. You'll save an additional 50% off your first month. Pure Talk. America's wireless company


Every day, thousands of Comcast engineers and technologists like Kunle put people at the heart of everything they create In the average household. There are dozens of connected devices here in the Comcast family. We're building an integrated in-home wifi solution for millions of families like my own. It brings people together in meaningful ways. Kunle and his team are building a wifi experience that connects 1 billion devices every year. Learn more about how Comcast is redefining the future of connectivity@comcastcorporation.com slash wifi.


Can I just use this opportunity? 'cause I can't control myself to throw out something that I'm legit concerned about. Yep. Not directly related to Trump or even politics, but I, so we've had all these problems with the labor market and Covid made them much worse paying people to stay home. So they did. Soer, a lot of the service industry is being replaced by robots. Like you check out at the airport at the kiosk and you, you know what I mean's? Automation, there's no one there. Automation. So I've watched for the past four years as the left systematically has destroyed law enforcement and order in our cities and like who would wanna be a cop at this point? Right. It's too hard a job. You don't have the legal protections you had. It's physically dangerous and everyone hates you and You don't get paid anything.


Right. So you're gonna have a massive crisis. You have a massive crisis in law enforcement. 'cause no one wants to be a cop. Right. That void will be filled by technology. Yep. It'll be filled by drones. Yeah. And it'll be filled by other technology. It'll be basically replaced by a tech surveillance state. Yes. That will make civil liberties absolutely impossible. You can't have civil liberties. You cannot in a, in a pan omnicon or whatever they call it, in a, in a, in a world where technology knows everything that you're doing. Right. And saying, and maybe even thinking, and I don't feel like people are worried enough about that.


Like, you could make New York City safe, right. With drones. Right. You could prevent any traffic violations whatsoever with robots. But what's behind it? There's nothing neutral in life. It's total control of the population. It's through technology. So I we're moving toward that. I don't hear anybody saying anything about it. I remember having a conversation with the head of a tech company, pretty prominent one, Molly Hemingway was there with me talking about the algorithms and how biased they were. Man, is she a smart Chick? She's very smart. One Of favorite and a great, great person. One Of my favorite people in dc Me too. I totally agree. And we were sitting there talking with this person. He goes, no algorithms are neutral. Afterwards I looked at it And I was like, he just lied To us. Nothing is neutral.


Nothing's neutral in life. That, that to me is one of the things that I think is the greatest. It's neutral. There's nothing like science. There's, it's neutral. Take the covid Vaccine. So that's that, that, that to me is, there's nothing neutral in life at all. And so the whatever, whatever influence is going behind the AI and the technology will be biased in one direction or another. And then you have a situation of who's controlling the controllers. Who controls that technology? What is their end goal? What do they believe about human rights? What do they believe about civil liberties? What do they believe about basic freedom? I'm concerned about the whole AI singularity. Oh, of course. Thi this to me, the Sun Soft Bank guy.


Soon he spent tens of, when he announces he's gonna spend a hundred billion degree jobs here in America, I'm like, please go away. I don't want you anywhere near this country. He has spent tens of billions of dollars trying to advance and accelerate singularity in which AI is really truly doing the governing of this world. And we lose a lot of our humans are not running the world. It's singularity. It's ai, it's, it's all this technology. It's actually doing it. 'cause they'll do it better. It Defeats sovereignty and free will. And therefore humanity Does. That's what I'm slave it completely annihilates the idea of, of humanity. And this is the guy that's been doing it. So I think this to me is, I know Elon has said some things that, you know, we should, we need to have a conversation about ai.


I don't think we're having a deeper, we need to have a deeper conversation about ai, but we want singularity and where we're actually headed and what do we want our future to look like? So you can't introduce any massive disruptive change really against the will of the population. You need consent. And the only way you get consent is by terrifying them and making them feel like your solution. While imperfect is better than what they have, we're Not giving them the truth, keeping them ignorant. Create, What I'm saying is you create chaos. You destroy your cities state of Fear. You create a state of fear. Yeah. You do. To people with crime and immigration. What Covid did, So Michael Cretin, so they'll accept anything. Yeah. Michael Creon wrote a great book, state of Fear.


I actually cite him in the book in which he was talking about the, the, the political science of global warming and how it's, it, it puts people into perpetual state of fear to achieve the certain political goals of, of people what they wanna achieve. And, but the whole idea of keeping people in a perpetual state of fear to manipulate them into getting what these people want to achieve the future they want what might, which might or might not be typically not beneficial to the rest of the people. But it's fear. It's a tactic of fear. Like Covid is gonna kill you all. So you should stay inside your house and wear a mask and be six feet apart. Which is all made up by the way, of course. Which is the funny, where they say, trust the science. And then they go, well, yeah, men can be women, women men, but you only trust the science when we say what science is.


Science is what we say it is. But in that situation, it's not, it's the intellectual incoherence of the left drives me nuts. But that's what happens when you kind of, you, when you cut the cord to the transcendent, this idea of a transcendent creator and natural inherent rights and something above and beyond is infinite. And then you all just devolve into this theater of the absurd because whatever you say at the moment is right. If there's no absolute, society becomes absolute. So whatever society says in that moment becomes absolute. Some men can be women and women, men, and you just make it up as you go along. And that's why I think kind of the, some of the stuff is being exposed Fauci, well, six feet. Well, you just made that up. The vaccine wasn't a vaccine. I remember being castigated on a certain network that I think people would've been surprised for saying that I thought the shot at best was a therapeutic shot.


And you would've thought I shot somebody's dog Who, who, who, who castigated you. You know, some network that would've been surprising for people, The network that was requiring vaccines, covid vaccines for their employees. You mean a lot of People were Newsmax by the way, was Nothing is faker than Newsmax. Sorry, I I have to, I can just say, I, I have to tell you, I think the covid tests was, was a test that many people failed on the conservative side of things because they believed the lies told by the so-called experts. It was a test. They failed miserably.


And I actually got texts from people a couple weeks in when I realized this is not, I have real questions here. I don't think this is what people cracking it up to be. And they were texting me, what's up with all your boomer tweets? What's going on here? Like, this is serious stuff. I said, why do you accept blindly that the CDC and the NIH are suddenly Pures driven snow when over the last several years we've seen the DOJ and the FBI, I and other parts of this state be weaponized against and use for political purposes. And now suddenly different branch of the same tree is somehow pure driven snow. I'm like, I'm sorry. I just think in my, you know, if you think through this in a reasonable rational way, I think you should really strongly question anything that's coming outta the CDC and the NIH or anything else.


Because I think there's a certain political element of what they're actually pushing. And I think that's how you had, like, I was kind of stunned when so many conservatives fell for warton. Like, why can't you just step back and go, this is heavily politicized. This is probably heavy pol heavily politicized. I'm not sure. I don't trust them. So why should I trust I don't trust them either. And I've told, I so I, this is another thing that I think we need to start really emphasizing with a lot of, a lot of us, I tell my kids, like, Think for yourself. I tell my kids all the time question everything. Yeah. Except for me, I'm your benevolent dictator, but Well, you're the patriarch. That's right. No questioning the patriot. There's, there's no questioner. Yes.


But that's how you get to the truth. You have to question everything to actually get to the truth of what is and don't accept something on its face value Question. Why should I take orders from anyone who pushed the vax ever again? Yeah. Is that fair? I mean, I don't that seems like a pretty just simple, I just, I'm just gonna, I don't believe you, I'm sorry, I I don't believe you until You can actually prove beyond a shadow of a doubt that what you're telling me is true. I don't believe you. And I think that should be our entire push to all the government right now. I mean, this is why the Bobby Kennedy nomination is essential. It's like whatever you think of Bobby Kennedy, I love Bobby Kennedy, but Right. Don't agree with him on everything, of course. But Bobby Kennedy was the opposition to that. And he should be, If we can break rewarded, hold of big pharma, I think I, I mean that, that to me is a step in the right direction of, of what's going on.


Not only, It's just funny that the people who make Xanax who should be in prison for making Xanax, in my opinion, kills a lot of people, destroys so many lives. Those people are lecturing me about how Bobby Kennedy is bad. You make Xanax. Right. And you're telling me Bobby Kennedy is bad. Who by the way also started the opioid crisis. All the things that have gone through big pharma over the years. Yeah. And you're Opioids are obvious. Xanax is very subtle. Everyone's on Xanax, try to get off Xanax. You know? Yeah. These people, I, I think they're criminals. That's my personal opinion. I think I, I hope that the American people over the last nine years, especially everything that's taken place, this would have a healthy dose of skepticism about anything coming out of our government and our corporate propagandists moving forward and go, I'm not going to accept you at face value until You can prove, be verifiable proof of what you're saying.


I think that'd be a very healthy approach for us moving forward. Yeah, I agree with that completely. So just bottom line it for us, having spent, and by the way, when you wrote this book, like what kind of mood were you in? You must have been felt pretty dark. I was, I I I was in a mood of my rights as a freeborn American and the country I was promised constitutional republic government of by and for the people has been annihilated, has been destroyed. We have an illusion of it. We are being lectured that somehow are better. Who are these unelected bureaucrats? Who are a credentialed Idiocracy somehow are the ones that should be governing us and, and ruling us.


And I wanted to have a conversation. I wanted to start a conversation with the American people with the book of these people do not have your best interests in mind. They have taken away your birthright as a freeborn American people. They have annihilated the constitutional republic. They have destroyed the machinery of the republic, which is The best protector of your natural inherent rights. This, And they did it intentionally. I mean, the, the, the progressives, progressives don't believe in natural inherent rights. They, they're actually vehemently opposed to our rights based government. Of course. They, they, they thought that rights do not, I mean, Frank Goodnow, who was really the, one of the, the guys that structured the administrative state through administrative law, said that an individual does not possess rights from his creator, but from his society.


His society is the one that gives an individual his rights. 'cause they believe the state should give rights back to the people if it was a benefit to the state. You can't have natural inherent God-given rights because it becomes a monkey wrench in their progressive idea of the state of salvation, efficiency towards, you know, progress. All of these things that have taken place. And I was just like, we have to have this conversation. I mean, it goes back to what I was saying earlier. We, we have not had this conversation about who we are as a people, what our birthright is, what our rights are, what our God-given rights are, what government should actually look like today. And let's have that conversation and then have the conversation about how we get back to where we started.


I mean, the, the, the Constitution is the greatest document, political document the world's ever seen. And it was written by men who are not perfect, by the way. They had their own share of faults. They got it. They nailed it. They realized they were imperfect human beings in an imperfect world. They were optimistic realists though. They realized that God had given rights. They were optimistic that Even those we knew, they were imperfect human beings who should never have consolidated power. They could form a government that protected those natural God-given rights and took none of them away. And it provided for this amazing small agrarian country kind of on the edge of that Euro Eurocentric world in the late 17 hundreds to become, honestly, I would say the greatest nation in the world has ever seen.


How does that happen? It's not by chance. It's because these guys knew they understood human nature. They understood, they fully understood a transcendent creator with natural inherent rights. We're gonna create this constitutional republic. We're going to create the greatest amount of freedom as possible for the flourishing of freedom and prosperity. And the progressives completely fundamentally rejected that turn of the 20th century and said, now we don't believe in that. We don't believe that that has the answers to the 20th century. We believe we should put together this massive bureaucracy filled with these unelected bureaucrats who through applied science will lead us to a greater future. Who, who truly believed in the apotheosis of mankind. They believe that history was on this upward linear progress, that the end of history would be the perfection of mankind.


Dead series. No. So these are some of the poisonous ideas behind what's taking place in this country today. They're also Hilarious ideas. They're like So dumb. They're so dumb. Rantings of diluted Mad Men is what I describe in the book of Woodrow Wilson and Herbert Crowley and Frank Good Now. And all of these founders of the progress. John Burgess, who by the way, was the founder of Political Science in America, vehemently rejected a rights-based government. And he's considered the father of political science in America. So we should probably have questions about the whole exercise of political science. Yeah. So yeah, I was writing this book and we are called Deplorables and Irredeemables and Disruptive simply because we're asking for a restoration of our rights.


We're asking for a restoration of what we had. In some ways that, and that's why I consider myself a restorationists, not a conservative, but going back to what the founders were trying to do during the American Revolution, they were simply asking that we have our rights as Englishmen restored. You have taken them away. We want them restored. And I think we've kind of come to that next, we've kind of come to that same situation today where I, I am demanding and others are demanding. We want our rights restored. We want our government restored a constitution republic restored. We want a government that actually benefits and promotes the interests of the American people on all fronts every day.


And we're not treated as an afterthought. We're not treated as the ATM for the ruling class. We're actually treated with the respect that is due us as a freeborn American people. And my, my sincere hope is that we actually have enough leaders in DC I think we've gotta start, we're gonna need more with the political courage that understand the stakes and go, we're gonna fight for this. I agree with that strongly, but We're gonna have to suffer to get there. We Are, like I said, I think if, if what I think could happen over the next four years, it could, we could be in for one of the more interesting periods in time that that makes the last nine years look like a warmup act.


But it's worth it. The fight's worth it. Ned Bryan, Thank you. Thank you. Thanks for listening. The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made. The complete library, Tucker Carlson com.