
Welcome To Tucker Carlson show. It's become pretty clear that the mainstream media are dying. They can't die quickly enough. And there's a reason they're dying. 'cause they lied. They lied so much, it killed them. We're not doing that. Tucker Carlson dot com, we promise to bring you the most honest content, the most honest interviews we can without fear or favor. Here's the latest. Who's the president right now? Do you have any Clue? I don't know. What do, what do you got? Brain damage. Who's the president? Simple question. Like when they're, when doctors are trying to assess whether you had a stroke or not. That's, They say, Who's the president? I think you'd probably get the same answer outta anybody. I know. Think, I think Obama's the president myself. Yep. I really do.


He took quite a while to endorse Camel Tow, didn't he? Yeah, he did. Yeah. Yeah. And I don't know, I, I think Joe Biden put the fucks to him on that. I didn't think they, I don't you say I don't think they wanted her. When you say just for people who don't live in the, in the region, when you say put the fucks to him, what does that mean? He Was like giving 'em the middle finger. Oh, okay. Like, yeah. She is not qualified to do anything in my, I wouldn't hire her for a kindergarten art teacher. I wouldn't, I don't think anyone would. Yeah. I mean, how did she, that's another thing how, I mean, I know how she got in because DEI or DIE or whatever you wanna call it. But Yeah, we gotta get rid of those laws.


Which laws? DI don't know if they're laws, are any of these things, laws that these people are doing? Do you even know? No, I don't think so. I Don't think they're laws, I just think they've spoken assumptions. Right. I don't Think you're getting a job at JP Morgan if that's your question. Right. But I don't think that these things that people are doing are laws. I don't think they have to hire somebody 'cause they're of color a woman or there's no law saying you have to have a, you have to have 39% of your employees have to be of color. There's no law. Or is there, I think the Justice Department will sue you if you don't, will they? Yep. Because too many white men is bad.


They might like write a constitution or build a functional country or something. Don't Want Yeah. They laws on the books now that say you have to do that. No. The regulations so far as Okay, they can sue you then. Yep. Like they would just sue you. Yeah. 'cause it's prima fa discrimination. There's no black and white law saying you have to have so many people of certain color or race or gender working for you. Right. I don't think passed by the Congress. Right? No. So if you had a company of 50, 'cause That itself would violate civil rights law. You can't discriminate on the basis of race. Right. That is a law in the United States. Right. So if I had a asphalt company and I had 50 employees then and I didn't hire somebody because, so, so a guy fills out an application.


I don't hire him because he's got four ois and he doesn't have a dump truck license. But he happens to be of color. Can he sue the asphalt company and say, well, he didn't hire me. Well, What happens all the time? Right. And do they win? Absolutely. They win. Wow. So, of course. But there is no Law saying, So I don't know about the dump truck license or the four OUIs though. I think probably yes, they'd win. But certainly it's very, very common for people who scored lower on the test that gauges whether You can do the job or not. Right. Right. Still not get the job. Oh, absolutely. And win. Oh, absolutely. So They don't go by the test. No, they haven't tested. They don't go by the, okay. We, we had a bunch of cones set up and we had two dump trucks and these guys did the best on their test.


Yeah, but what color are they? It matters more are the cones. Yeah. The goats. The cones are orange. I know that. So you've been saying for a long time that things are gonna fall apart. You have been, I can't wait. Like for over a decade. You always say This Is it. It's common. And when it does, these People Are fucked. Yeah, they are. It does seem like a little less crazy prediction right now. Right? I mean, they are falling apart. If you look at Yeah. The talk about looting. Yeah. What happens is the biggest thing with losing the energy grid, all the millions of scenarios that can happen. It's already happening. So California, should I, well, California, exactly.


Right. Right. So should I, so what do you think about buying big plastic bins of freeze dried food? Yeah, you should have, that's a short term solution. It's not gonna get you through the, through the Great Depression. Yeah. No, It's, you know, It's not, it's not gonna get you through post Civil War. Yeah. Down south living. You know, it's gonna, it's gonna get you through two weeks without power at most, you know, maybe a year if you get a whole stock pile of it. Right. But no, you gotta just have a mindset of, can I live, am I gonna be able to live like I have to live when that time comes?


You know, like to simplify your life, am I gonna be, you've got, say you've got a daughter that lives in New York City. Okay. Obviously she's not gonna be able to live in New York City. It's gonna be burned down and looted. Yeah. Which it almost is now. Yeah. Okay. Is she gonna be ready to come to, you know, New Jersey or Maine or where? New Jersey's probably still too close in that situation. Yeah. I don't know. But Pennsylvania, Maine to live, you know, is she gonna be able to say, okay, this is, this has happened with the great, well just use the Great Depression for a baseline. Yeah. Great. Depression has happened. Everybody's jumping out of the buildings in New York City. Alright. We're gonna hang out in Maine for 20 years and get our life back together.


Yeah. You know? Is your family ready for that? Are your, are your close one, are your everybody you're close to ready for that? No. Whether They're trained or not doesn't, the training doesn't matter. It's just in their mind. You gotta be ready for that stuff. You gotta always have that and that, you know, live like you live. I live very, very modern. Do everything modern. Everything I got is power. Everything I got. But in the back of my brain, I'm like, I might have to cut my firewood by hand because I'm not gonna be able to get any gas someday. Well, the fact that you use firewood in the first place suggests you're not totally modern. Right. So you burn firewood. Yeah. A lot. Yeah. Probably eight cords a year. How much is eight cords? A a a wheeler load, a truckload.


When you see the big truck going down the road, that's about eight cord. I'm just saying this for, I, I know how much that is. So you burn it for heat? Yep. And my father burns wood. I have, I have an oil furnace backup. I bought a hundred gallons of oil when I bought, when I moved into my house, which was 10 years ago. Yep. And I still, I probably burned 10 of the a hundred gallons. So I just turn the furnace on every year to make sure it works. That's about it. So you burn your house on your farm. It's not tiny, but it's not huge. And you burn eight cords of what, what does it co, what does it take to prepare that wood?


I get a, if I buy it tree length, which I have before, if I So you, the truck comes, it drops it off tree length. I would say with my, with the machinery that I have, which is a hydraulic splitter and a dump trailer and a conveyor and a chainsaw and a tractor and all the stuff, every farm has, I'd say a week. A week. If I, if I, I don't do it straight, I'd do a couple hours after supper type stuff. But yeah, it would be a week. If I took a week off, I could get my firewood done. If two weeks I could do mine and my father's together. Probably if I have to cut the tree down and drag it out of the woods, then it's probably two weeks. So what is that? Just for people who don't cut their own firewood? Eight cords of wood or with your, how many cords your dad?


Oh, 35 trees is eight cords. And how many cords does your dad burn? A one, probably Six. Six to eight. We'll just call it eight. We each burn a load a year. Okay. So 16 cords of wood. Yeah. What, let's say you have it dropped off in front of your house with a truck. Right. And it's just tree length, no branches, but tree length. What do you have to do to get it ready? Like what's The process? You gotta cut it to six. Well, I cut mine two foot 20 inches, but 16 inches. Most people depends on your stove. You have to, so you, I pick it up with the tractor. I cut it with a chainsaw. I have a pretty good, efficient system. So you gotta cut it to length. You gotta split it to size so it dries.


If it's small stuff, you don't have to split it. Round wood is the best uns splitt wood. The more, every time you split it, they say you lose 10% of the efficiency out of it. 'cause you've made it smaller. You know, a big chunk of wood burns really efficiently. Yes. So you always leave it big. And I always split it as I need it. You know, I'll break it down to where I can handle it, but I don't break it down really small to start with. And then in the, when you in the cellar, then You can, okay, I need some small stuff. You just split up what you need. Then you don't have a whole pile of small stuff that burns real fast. And then you, you gotta stack it and dry it. That's the time consuming thing. You can't burn it green. It takes about a year to dry wood.


Really? Yeah. So you have I guess, 32 cords of wood sitting out. Yep. I Do. I got mine. I got, next year's is all done. My father is, we're working on his, he's got next year's all we had his next year all done this winter. And I'm doing his year after that right now. And then this winter I'll do mine next year as I can actually dry it. If I had it done in the winter, it would be ready in the fall. So when I say a year, it's like a season dries pretty fast at my house and I stack it so it dries. So that's with machines. So the, Well, if you were doing it by hand, I can't imagine like, I see the, you see the pictures of the old timers out there with the crosscut saw in the mall, and they would probably, those old farmhouses I've heard 10, 12 cords in winter.


You imagine doing that all by hand because They were heating with fireplaces. I mean, before woods. No, really, you're an Open pit. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Can you imagine cutting that all by hand? So How would you cut 10 cords with no gasoline or diesel? You'd Have to get a sharp sar and just go do it the old way. You know, you'd have to have more kids. That is kind of the answer. Start breeding. So could you, I mean, what, how long do you think that would take you? Oh, that would take, that would just be an, I think it would just be an ongoing thing. I think like every day after supper you would just go out for an hour and, and cut, you know, maybe a day's worth of wood. Not over. You wouldn't wanna overwhelm yourself.


You know, can you, you know, just every, that's, if you don't have machinery, that's kind of how you do every kind of gardening chore or firewood chore. You just kind of try not to overwhelm yourself and make it a chore. So Of all the things, just think Of if you're driving home and you see a tree on the side of the road that you know is free for the taking, it fell down or whatever, and you just stopped and grabbed it. If you did that every day on your, in your travels, you'd probably have enough firewood if you just stopped and saw every tree on the side of the road. Yep. And cut it up, threw it in the back of your truck. That's what we used to do in the old days, if we, we didn't drive by a tree, you know, we would stop and cut it up and throw it in the truck. Did You get paid by the town for cleaning up the rugs?


No. So of all the things that worry you, power grid going down is probably gonna be at the bottom. Right? Yeah. No, not big other than Food Storage refr my freezer. I don't know if the, you know, I think things would have to really get bad to not be able to get any gas, gasoline, and diesel at the stores. I don't know. You know, it depends on how, how bad things got. If it was like a war situation, it would be bad. I mean, it's Right. If the refinery shut down. Yeah. If the refinery shut down and how much, you know, you're not gonna waste that gas mowing your lawn. No. You Need to run a generator, you know, for your food.


You're gonna probably, you're not gonna drive unac. You're not gonna just drive for the sake of driving somewhere. If you've gotta have that gas to live off, I don't know, depend on how bad it's gonna get. But You can store food without power. You can, can the meat like they did. You can butcher a, you know, get all your neighbors together. Okay, we're gonna butcher a cow today. Yeah. You know, so you cut it up accordingly. So that's how they did it in the old day before refrigeration. The butcher butchered things accordingly. So the meat would get used up fast enough, you know, and small animals. Small animals were developed in the olden days. We'll call 'em for a lot of times for refrigeration purposes.


If you're one family out in the middle of the, you know, plains living, you're not gonna butcher a cow in the middle of July. Right. You know, you're gonna butcher a sheep that You can eat Exactly. Fast enough Before it spoils. Before it spoils. Or you're gonna can it or, but canned canned meat's not my favorite thing. Yeah. You get Botulism, Which We now think of as like, yeah. The core ingredient in Botox. But it's also with, I Think people's, they, they're just a, I wouldn't say prepping would be a more of a, just a way to start thinking about things. Like is your, you know, like I said, is your family ready? I mean, it's, it's hard to imagine it if you've been a beneficiary of a hundred years of modernity and ease and wealth and Right.


We've all had an easy life. That's exactly right. I've Had a super easy life as far as that kind of stuff goes. I mean, we all work hard and do things, but, so What do you store now? And I should say for the, I, I didn't even introduce you. This is Patrick Feeney lives in Maine, has had every kind of job imaginable and lives basically, from my perspective. You live pretty close to off grid. Like you produce most of your food at home. Right. On your farm animals. You've got a pretty amazing, a grow operation. Yep. You know, for how many different fruits, how many different vegetables do You grow? Oh, I don't know. That's, I'm more of a McDonald's french fry type of guy. But Your wife, My wife grows.


Yeah. Everything You can imagine. Lettuce beets. I like corn on the cob. You know, I like all the potatoes. I love potatoes. Yeah. Any vegetable You can think of salad, greens, carrots, greenhouse. But more than enough to live. Oh yeah. She feeds, I mean, she supplies food to three restaurants in town and sells to 20 different people. So. Yep. She supplies plenty. So you're Good to go with food, so, oh Yeah, we're good to, and, and I would say storage would not be a, I would say food's almost. Storage is, you gotta think that short term with any food, you know, you get you long term storage, the buckets that you buy. Yeah. That's long. I don't know, are those really gonna be good in a hundred years?


You wonder, you Know, have you ever eaten a 30-year-old MRE? No, I have. It's not. Why are edible eating 30-year-old MR? Just To try it. I found one a couple years ago that I had left over from the army. It wasn't that It wasn't that good. I never really liked them in the army. And yeah, I really don't like 'em now. 30 years from now, the same one, So, so what do you stockpile And beyond? Meat in the freezer Now that's a catch. That's a, that could bite me in the ass. Because of the electrical grid. Yeah. You know, hopeful freezer doesn't use much juice. So you could have your, a little thousand watt Honda generator. Fire it up for an hour a day, plug your freezer in, get it cold. You know, you could do that for a while. Tell what Kind of meat do you store?


Mostly deer and moose. And if we have a, we haven't had, we got a pig, we got two pigs we just bought today. They're gonna raise them, but boy, they look awful. Tasty. That size right there. I might just have a little pig party. Well, you texted me a picture and said they were so cute. You already think about eating 'em. Oh Yeah. They look, they look. Ooh, they're very tasty. Pig roast is very, very fun. No, it just, what a moose deer like I shot, I think I shot two deer, three deer last year. So that takes up some, not a lot of meat on a deer. You know, you really have to shoot a couple every year to make a difference. Unless you get a really big one. Moose, a lot of, you know, might get the moose last year. Yeah. So that was, we still got moose meat.


What do you think of it? I love moose meat. That was a good moose. I've had good moose. I've had bad moose. That was a good moose. What's the difference? Just the gaminess and the, yeah, you got, you gotta, when you kill something, you really gotta get it. Moose season can be warm. It was warm that day wasn't too bad, but it was probably 60 degrees. You gotta hustle, get it on ice. You know, we drug it right on the trailer and got it right to the butcher shop. Right to the, the guy's house with a freezer. Yep. Hung it in the freezer and put it on ice when we were driving, you know, the whole process was fast. And that makes a huge difference with game. Did you, But you dressed it in the field? Dressed it in the field. We shot it like eight 30 and we were back at my parents' house by 11 after ta.


We tagged it, shot it, dragged it out, tagged it. My parents' house at 11. Mike and I took off in New Hampshire to our friend Doug with the cooler. And he's got a meat cutting business. So we got, we were at his house by like probably three in the afternoon. How much of the dressing did you use a chainsaw for? I didn't have to, we were close to the truck within then drove the four wheeler right to the mo so we didn't have to cut the legs off or any of that stuff. Yeah, just cut up the middle. I use the saw off of the, I use the saw all actually works good too. Cut the chest open of the saw all. How much meat do you get outta that moose?


You got 400 pounds of meat, I think. I believe out of a 606, I think like 700 pound moose. So it was a big moose. Yeah. Yeah. Deer or about 200 pound deer will get you, I would mainly have 200 pound deer. So say 150 pound deer would be, average would be 50 pounds of meat out of 150 pound deer. I'm just saying that, you know, maybe, maybe 75 pounds, you know. But a lot of bone, you know, like a cow cell bone and for, you know, and head. So You got meat in your cooler. Do you have any bear in your cooler?


Not right now. I'm not a huge fan of bear meat. I did shoot one a couple years ago, a nice small one and it was very good eating. That was another, I shot that with snow on the ground, so I cooled it off fast. Bear meat spoils fast. They shoot bear in like what, August? Yeah. You see. 'cause it's so greasy. Yeah, it is very like when you shoot something in August, you gotta be fast. I don't like watching the hunting shows where they go get the deer the next morning, you know? Yeah. I mean, you shoot the deer and they're in like Texas or I don't hunt in those places, but they're in like Texas and they shoot the deer. Oh, what do we go look for it in the morning? What happens if you leave the, you see the, if you watch the camera footage enough, the coyotes have chewed the ass off the deer already, you know?


And it can't be any good. I've shot deer in like cold weather and found 'em the next day and they're already starting to stink, you know? Do you eat it Anyway? Yeah. I mean, there's parts of it that are still good, but anything next to the belly, and if it ran away, it was probably gut shot anyway. Or not a good shot. Right. So it's all full of bile and stuff. You wanna have a nice clean shot if You can. I think you owe it to any animal. You, you know, you try your best. of course you things happen. of course you do. You know, but you don't want to just start wailing away at something thinking you're gonna hit it in the ass or something. I got shot A hog. It was the last time I went hog hunting. I felt so bad About it. Yeah, yeah. I mean, you didn't do purposely do it. It just, of course not. You know, you flinch and things happen. But yeah, you want to, you know, do the best.


You can always, we always have great intentions. So This is creepy. But it's true. And it's worth knowing. Every time you use the internet, you are being watched. You are not alone. Private businesses do it. Government actors, our country and others, all of it. Internet traffic, including yours, is mind like a precious commodity. It's bought and sold. And it's used to manipulate what you think, what you buy. And yes, even how you vote. It's a big deal. And it's a huge market. Your internet provider can see every single website you visit, all of them in the United States.


They're allowed to sell your data, even your browsing history to the highest bidder. Did you know that? And that includes everything you do inside a So-called incognito or private browser window. Don't fool yourself. They're watching you always. So if you think that should be illegal, obviously we agree with you, it should be put outta business these companies immediately. But in the meantime, you should protect yourself. The way that we do it is with Express VPN. That's an easy to use app that encrypts and reroutes all your internet traffic through secure servers. So they can't see it. Because we use Express VPN, our internet providers cannot see our browsing history. Simply put, we've got nothing to sell because they don't have anything on us that's important to us. It's probably important to you too. So if you think internet privacy only matters to drug traffickers, people are doing shady things. Think again. Privacy is a prerequisite for freedom. No privacy, no freedom. And the truth is, we have all seen how activists and power hungry government actors have tried and succeeded in getting people fired or even thrown in jail for saying the wrong thing or having the wrong opinions. Protecting your personal data is essential. It's the beginning of reclaiming your freedom. Express. VPN hides your v your IP address. That's a number that reveals your actual identity on the internet. It's unique because we hide our IP address with Express VPN data. Brokers can't use it to build a profile on us to sell off to marketers or other governments are our own government. That happens too, by the way. Hiding your IP address is really useful when you won't appear to be somewhere you're not. And that's your prerogative. By the way, we used it in Moscow to get our reporting out of the country. We've used it around the world. We always use it. You can also use it to access geo restricted content from anywhere. So if you're in a country that doesn't allow you to use an app, You can with Express VPN Express. VPN has server locations in over a hundred countries around the world. That's like having a hundred different passports right on your phone. So I'm not a tech expert, obviously. And if I can use it, You can too. It's really easy. You just tap one button and you're connected. They have apps for every device you own or even potentially own. iPhone. Any kind of phone, laptop, tablet, even your smart tv. Anything that uses the internet can use Express. VPN Express. VPN has been rated number one by CNET Dive Diverge, and a lot of other tech reviewers. We have it. You should too right now. Tucker Carlson dot com listeners can get three extra months free at ExpressVPN dot com slash Tucker. That's ex P-R-E-S-S vpn.com/ Tucker for three extra months or free.


Hey, it's Kimberly Fletcher here from Moms for America with some very exciting news. Tucker Carlson is going on a nationwide tour this fall. And Moms for America has the exclusive VIP meet and greet experience for you. Before each show, You can have the opportunity to meet Tucker Carlson in person. These tickets are fully tax deductible donations. So go to Moms for America, US and get one of our very limited VIP meet and greet experiences with Tucker at any of the 15 cities on his first ever coast to coast tour. Not only will you be supporting Moms for America in our mission to empower moms, promote liberty and raise patriots. Your tax deductible donation secures you a full VIP experience with priority entrance and check-in premium gold seating in the first five rows. Access to a free show, cocktail reception and individual meet and greet and photo with America's most famous conservative and our friend Tucker Carlson. Visit Moms for america.us today for more information and to secure your exclusive VIP meet and greet tickets. See you on the tour.


Hey guys. Josh Hammer here. The host of America on trial with Josh Hammer. A podcast for the first podcast network. Look, there are a lot of shows out there that are explaining the political news cycle. What's happening on the hill to this, to that. There are no other shows that are cutting straight to the point when it comes to the unprecedented lawfare debilitating and affecting the 2024 presidential election. We do all of that every single day right here on America trial with Josh Hammer. Subscribe and download your episodes wherever you get your podcast. It's America Trial with Josh Hammer.


Chad, do you prepare bare meat? Bare meat? I just cook that like steak. I cut those up into steaks and I'm kind of a throw it in the fry pan type of cooker. I'm not much on recipes. Yep. I just like my, I like a little spices on my meat. Cook it on the grill. I like a roast. I love a, a crock pot. Yep. Stew You can take bad cuts of meat and throw it in the crock pott and it, it will You can put anything in the Crock pott. Yeah. You can put anything in the crock pott and it tastes good. So those are very basic. But the idea that if you have a 3 0 8, you know you've got enough nutrition, could you hunt your way out? Famine. I've heard that the old wood logger guys in the logging camps in Maine, would it be scurvy you would get without enough?


Yeah. They Ate all deer and moose meat. Yep. And they, and they, and they were getting sick. Lack of vitamin C. But are there enough mammals in the woods to Support right now? The, I think that the end of the, and I believe, I forget who was talking about, this might have been on one of your shows, but the Okay. When that might have been Ted NuGet. Okay. When the shit hits the fan, how long are it gonna be? There's not, you know, in areas like we we're pretty rural here, but we're not that rural. You can drive, you know, there's a road everywhere. We're not like Northern Maine. There's not gonna be any deer really fast. Yeah. You know, the woods around here aren't that big in this particular area.


These deer are gonna be gone fast. You know, the mountains are, it's mountainous and it's a five mile hike to the next road. But five miles isn't that far. Yep. And yeah, no, the game is gonna go fast. It's gonna be in the, during the depression, the game went fast. Early night in the, you know, my father In the thirties, I mean, my Father said when he was a kid, and though that would've been the fifties, if somebody saw a deer where he grew up in southern Maine, it was in the paper. I mean, you know, it was, they just, if one popped out it got shot. Yeah. And I think that's gonna happen. If things get bad, there's enough people that know you're gonna, you're not gonna use self-preservation. You, no matter how messed up your life is or what's going on, if you're starving to death and a dog steps out in front of you as much as you might life dogs.


If you have family's dying, guess what? Yeah. Dogs do. Yeah. I mean, I wouldn't do it. Yeah, no way. I would do it. I would probably die before I ate a dog. But I would too. But in a famine, the neighbor's kids aren't safe. Right. Yeah. I mean people get Really, that's the problem. I think that's something more to think about. Is it ever gonna get that bad? I would like to think not. I like to think that people aren't like that. I don't know. I mean, what you, you travel more than I do and witness how cultures act. I don't think there's too many cultures that are like that now worldwide where they're just knocking people down and taking over. You know what I mean? Well certainly the culture you grew up in is not like that at all.


No. I don't know if there are places in the world where it's That bad. Yeah, Absolutely. I mean, maybe the Middle East and that type of Africa. Yeah. Africa. Yeah. So I mean, you think it's, I mean, I can't imagine it would ever get that way here. I'd like to think people are nice enough that Yeah. You know, your brother's not gonna bash me over the head 'cause I got potatoes and he doesn't. Yeah. He's a tricky one though. Be careful. So, So You're looking at him off camera. Yeah. Yeah. So he might, If I had five gallons of gas, he might back. Right? He Might. So do you stockpile gas? It's hard to, I mean, I use so much of it. Yeah. I filled up cans the other day. I filled up my cans. I filled up your cans.


And man, that doesn't last long. So could you stockpile gas? I think it would Evaporate. Yeah. You know, you could do underground tank would be the best. You gotta keep the ethanol. You gotta buy, you'd have to buy non ethanol gas as stuff You can add to the gas to keep it from spoiling diesel fuel. Spoils. It gets mold in it. Yeah. You, yeah. I don't know. You'd have to, yeah, you could probably do it for a couple of years, like maybe five years. But why wouldn't you want ethanol in your gas when it helps the environment Don't get going on that. Yeah. You don't get going on ethanol. Yeah. Yeah. No, that's The number of lectures we've had about ethanol from you is like, so you're not, just to be clear, you're not for ethanol. No. You take a look at a gummed up carburetor from ethanol gas and it's not, oh, I've, the new motors are fine.


If it's fuel injected and you use it every day, it's not gonna hurt anything. But yeah, anytime you store anything for a long ethanol attracts moisture. You know, it's what you mix with with water. So it will burn, but it, it, it attracts water also. So like in your boat, your boat sitting right there, all the water molecules that jump off the water go into the gas. Yeah. I've Noticed. Yeah. It'll wreck your, wreck your motor. And it will happen to diesel fuel. Just like gas, diesel fuel will soak up water just the way it is. That's, it's natural. It's gonna soak up water. Anyway. So what, what would you, before we get to what the mindset is, what would you stockpile or what do you stockpile?


I would ammo. Ammo. Iss good. I think ammo iss gonna be a, if it becomes, like we just talked about where, you know, the, we're only eight hours from New York City by car here with very, you know, they could, those people that get displaced to New York could easily end up here. We're not remote. We're, I don't know what you would call this area. Suburban, I guess suburban suburbia. Maybe a little more remote than suburbia maybe. Yeah. But it's not super remote. Right. You know, it's not like, it's not a map. It's not like Dagum Maine. Right. You know, or anything like that. You know. So I think those people are gonna come here or any, you know, just use New York City for a center point and go out 500 mile radius from New York City.


That's Ohio, Pennsylvania. Right. That's where they're gonna go. Probably. They're probably gonna go that way before they come to Maine. I Would think so. Or Up upstate New York. Just 'cause it's right there. Yeah. But that's cold up there. You know, if you, if you really had to survive to live off the land and it got that bad, you'd probably move outta Maine and go somewhere else Because the weather's just so Bad. Just fertile. Fertile. Yeah, exactly. But you know, in the food, you know, in that you wouldn't, although we do pretty good farming in Maine though. I In the river valleys. Yeah. No, we do good. Right. In this area. It's not Bad. Yeah. Yeah. Well there's a big river here, so that's Why. So it's, but I don't think there's gonna mean any lumber industry. You know, if things get bad, there's not gonna be any fuel to make lumber with.


Right. You know, you're gonna be making earth houses, saw houses, you're gonna be making log cabins again. I don't, can't fathom it ever getting that bad, but, You know. So you stockpile ammo. Yeah, That would and and how to make ammo. We should be able to reload. Component primers are tough. You couldn't get primers for a long time. What Calibers do you reload? All the expense ones that are expensive to buy. Like 38 special. 3 57 45 70 45 70. Definitely. Yeah. I like six five creed more. It's kind of a new caliber. It's a nice soft shooting. Versatile three oh eight's. The Swiss Army knife of all and 30 out six.


Yep. 33 8, 30 out six. Any of those? The 30, 30 30 is good. Yep. You know, stay away from oddball calibers that are gonna be hard to get. Like what? Oh, I don't know. All these new ones that come out. 6.8 PRC and all, you know, unless you reload your, I mean, how much ammo are you gonna need to, to, to feed your family? You're not gonna, you know, if you've got 10 boxes of shells for your 30 out six, you're gonna feed the family for the rest of your existence. But it Sounds like I asked you why you stockpile ammo and you didn't, you mentioned the exodus from New York City. Right? That's the first time you said, right. Yeah. I think that that's not that I would be able to st I mean I'm 52 years old and pretty good working physical shape, but I'm certainly not an athlete by any means.


I think 10 good strong guys from New York City could probably overtake me with all the ammo that I have. You think So? Yeah. I think they, I might stop a couple of them, you know what I mean? Yeah. But I'm not that physically, I'm not a combat oriented type person. Yeah. And I think they could definitely overtake a farm with numbers like a farm. Like say there was 10 people on my farm. Yeah. They might stay away if there was 10 people on my farm, there's only me and my wife And my parents. Yeah. No. 10 people could, could, if it was just me. I think they probably could. Being realistic. We all like to think we're a badass, but, you know, and if they had guns Yeah.


Then they could really overtake you easy. Yeah. You know For sure. You know, 'cause one guy with a gun's not gonna be, you know, it's not like the movies. You're not gonna, you're not gonna take out 10 guys with guns. No, you're probably not. No. Especially if you've got like a nine millimeter pistol. Oh, you're not, you're not gonna take out any. Well, Everyone, you don't believe in nine millimeter pistols. They're good for, they're good for, for me to, you know, anybody in this room. But yeah, you're not gonna take somebody across the field with it. You know, three oh eight's good. So if you have to have one gun, what is it? I'd Have a rifle 3 0 8 rifle. I'd have a, maybe a handgun for close combat. But I wouldn't, I'd like the military take out the enemy before they get that close.


You know, which is you, you, you would have to, if you let 10, if you let 10 people assaulting, you get close enough within handgun range, you're probably not gonna get all 10 of them. No, you're done. You're done. So you gotta get them while they're out of, and I'm not any kind of expert in this field at all. Just from watching movies and stuff. You watch the guy in the movie that takes out all. No, that's not realistic. Yeah. You know. No. You gotta get those people before they, you know, at a hundred yards out a hundred yards is a long ways. You know, By the way, just parenthetically the assassination attempt on Trump, 20-year-old kid, no training, formal training at all with firearms.


He's on the roof with a 2, 2 3. And a cop comes up behind him. They have some kind of altercation. The cop backs off, the kid turns with iron sights and makes 140 yard shot and grazes trump's ear. Right. How would you assess that? Oh, I, That's a long shot with open sight. That's what I'm saying. That's what I thought. All, all I could have done that with my 30, all these Navy seals. And I can't hit, I mean a a a 30 30, which is a lot less accurate than a 2, 2 3. I mean a nine inch plate a gong at a hundred yards is that big. Yep. If You can hit the gong open sights and make it ding, you're pretty proud of yourself at a hundred yards. Yes. I can hit a deer at a hundred yards, but a deer's bigger than Trump's head.


Yeah. You know, and you hit the, you aim for the deers. I shot a deer last year really close with a 30 30 I aimed right where I was supposed to aim. And I hit him way in the back, broke his, killed him dead. But I was, you know, a foot and a half off from where I was aiming. Right. You know, so deer's a big target. So if You're lying on the roof of a building and all of a sudden a cop comes up, an armed police officer comes up and you somehow force him back. You're adrenaline is pumping like never before in your life. And then you turn and reset the shot at 140 yards with iron sights and you hit the man in the ear. That's Pretty good. That's ridiculous. Right? Yeah, no, that that's, if he had a scope, then he would be, that would be, he probably, if he, that guy had a scope, Trump would be dead right now.


If the scope was cited in. If Was cited in. But also, I mean shot 130 yards is, you know, they got the, all these guys will come on tv. Oh that's a easy shot. Oh, it is mean. That's a bootcamp shot. Yeah. Really. Okay. But It is. But the Kid never was in bootcamp so. Right. Yeah. For the, when you deer hunt you never, well, in Maine we don't shoot anything over a hundred yards. You There is no a hundred yards. I mean, too many trees. Yeah. They're All logging road or something. You get the wave, make a hail Mary shot once in a while when you see a deer a long ways away. I shot a deer at a deer once. It was 250 yards away. I hid it and wounded it. So I felt bad. I'm like, I'm not gonna do that again. That's, you know. Did you find him? No, I never did get a little bit of blood. Actually. There was quite a bit of blood at first and it, blood dried up really fast.


And I tracked it and I found its bed. It was a snow. I went out 10 o'clock at night to find it and it went down a big gully up, another big gully down, another down and up going right straight uphill. And I found it a bed. It was bedded in, in the snow And. there was a little spot of blood about size of a quarter. So I think he was probably okay. I think I grazed him. Yep. Like Trump got a lot of blood when Trump got hit. Sure. Was quite a bit of blood. You know, he got grazed. So you think Good. Well I'm glad to hear you say that. I mean, all these experts on tv. Yeah. I mean, I mean I can easily, I can't shoot some, I couldn't shoot, I'd shoot a deer at 250 yards with my, with my six five Creedmore, six five CREEDMORE 3 0 8 36.


I could, I could easily cite, I don't cite my guns in for that range 'cause I don't hunt that range. So they're cited in for a hundred yards now. Right. Whatever the, I'll just make these numbers up. But a 3 0 8 at between a hundred and say 300 yards, it's, I don't know, like 18 inches or something like that. It's quite a drop. Right. So you really wanna, unless you've got the scope with the little slash marks in it for different ranges. If you're into that stuff, that's fine. I'm sure You can do those shots. But most hunters don't, don't do those shots. It takes a little bit of the sporting aspect out of hunting. I, for me it does. But I then again, there's a sporting aspect of holy smokes, I'm a really good shot and I shot a deer at 600 yards. Right. So that's your, that's the sporting aspect of that.


You know what I mean? You can be a sport by sneaking up to within 50 yards of the animal. Or You can be a sport by being a really good shot and shoot it. So I, that's not, that's just a personal preference to me it's 2, 2 3 flat out to 140. Yeah. Pretty flat. Yeah. Okay. It's pretty flat. It it's a light bullet. You know, it does a lot of damage. Oh, I know it does. You know, it's a zinger bullet. Ask anybody that's in the military, they'll tell you that they do a lot of damage. Yeah. You know, they claim like a, it's a, it's a solid, I don't know what he had. For bullets, they call the let's they call the, they call the, whenever there's a mass shooting, they say he had special bullets exploding bullets.


All it is is he had like soft point bullets that you would use for deer hunting. Yeah. Which, you know, in a civilian situation, it does more damage to the deer. 'cause it mushrooms when it goes in and it tears apart more tissue, but it doesn't penetrate like a ball. Ammo penetrates a lot better. It'll go through a shirt or a leather jacket a lot, a lot better. And they claim though, the ball ammo like 2, 2, 3, when it goes in there, it's going so fast, it turns sideways. Right. It tumbles. I wouldn't wanna get with any bullet. I don't, I agree with you. You know, people spend too much time on the what kind of bullet to use and just make sure you're using the bullet that hits where you're aiming. Is that, is that The, you know, that's if you got your gunsight in for 50, Are they advertised that way in the gun shop?


This bullet will hit what it's aimed at. Yeah. No, they, and they, and, and most people don't get overly fussy with accuracy. You know what I mean? Which they shouldn't. You shouldn't, that shouldn't be your, you should just be happy with what if you're shooting something at 25 feet and You can hit it at 25 feet. If You can hit a person at 25 feet with your little nine millimeter, that's, you're not gonna get any better than that. You're not gonna hit a golf ball at 50 yards with a nine millimeter. No. I mean, I do, but that's skill. You can, I mean, if you should practice And practice and practice and, you know, I can hit the, you know, with a pistol resting, I, you've shot with me before. We've hit little targets at 50 yards. Yep. Two outta six times.


Yeah. You know, but you know, you know, that time you miss, you're still pretty close to it. You know, if you're hitting it two outta six times, the other four times, you're probably within a kill range of a of Course you are Of a person. So Yeah. People get too carried. But yeah, that back to the 130 yard shot thing. Holy smokes. That's, that's a long shot for most hunters. I don't know about nowadays. Although you watch all the hunting shows and they're shooting the guns and the, the feeder comes on, the deer comes out, you know, you hear the feeder in the hunting show You do. Then they leave the deer overnight. Yeah. Then they leave the deer overnight and go. So yeah, they do make long shots, but, well,


Here's the secret. They can get 50% cut right off your phone bill every month. Which for a lot of Americans is a big savings. Here's the secret. Verizon, at and t and T-Mobile want you to believe that you need something called unlimited data. Unlimited data. But the fact is that most people don't need unlimited data and nobody should be forced to pay for it. It's really expensive. That's where Pure Talk comes in. Pure talk only charges you for the data you want. How's that for an idea? So talk text and five gigs of data is just 25 bucks per month. How much is five gigs of data? Well, You can browse the internet for 135 hours. You can stream a thousand songs. You can watch 10 hours of video. So you're probably overpaying for what you use. You don't have to anymore switch to Pure Talk in America's most Dependable 5G network for just $25 a month. And You can feel good about it. 'cause Pure Talk is proudly veteran led and supports American jobs. Their whole customer service team is here in the United States of America where you live, there's no offshoring. The average family saves almost a thousand dollars a year by switching to Pure talk. There's no contract, no cancellation fees. There's a 30 day money day back guarantee. It makes switching wireless companies easy. So go to pure talk.com/ Tucker and you save an additional 50% off your very first month. That's pure talk.com/ Tucker to switch your cell phone service to a company You can be proud and happy to do business with.


So what's the mindset you were talking about? You said, when I said what successful prepping look like? You said it's changing your mind. The way you Yeah. Your Mindset's, the whole getting your family ready for I don't wanna offend anybody doing this. Go, Go ahead. I, I don't wanna offend. I don't know. I, I consider myself a rich person. I mean, I got everything I want in life, but I don't wanna offend people that say, people that depend on everyth. Like the person that goes into a, a house or something and the door doesn't open correctly and they call somebody to fix it instead of just lifting up on the door a little bit and closing it. Yeah. You know what I mean? They, oh my God, the door doesn't work.


The door's broken. I just lift up on it a little bit. Yeah. The house moves a little bit. It only does that in August. You know. Exactly. You know, those, you know, the, they just gotta be ready for a world where everything's not taken care of for them. You know, there's no door dash, there's no, there's no going to the store and getting your stuff already made. 'cause there's no store. Right. You know, there is no gas to get to the store. You know, and I, I really don't think it's ever gonna get to that point in my life. I hope it doesn't. I mean, I don't want that. Yep. I mean, we live in a beautiful world, you know, a very relaxed every earning and making money is the easiest part of life. I mean, that's the simple part.


Yep. It's all the other little bullshit that comes along with it that, that, that makes it hard. But Yeah. And that you gotta get the mindset of, okay, if things get bad, okay, I'm gonna have to probably abandon your house in Washington DC I don't know if you're gonna get any money for it. If there is any money. Yep. You know what is money? Right. It's just a bunch of stuff on computers, as far as I'm concerned, it doesn't mean anything. Yep. And so, okay, you're gonna have to abandon my house in dc Might as well leave your car in DC or hope you got enough gas to get to Maine Yep. In your car. And hope it's not a big funnel of, like I say, Maine's probably a pretty good place. Not too many people are gonna go to Maine when it gets that bad. Right. They're gonna go to Florida or South Carolina or somewhere.


For sure. For for sure. They're not gonna go to Maine. So we're probably pretty safe. You know, think, look at it that way. I take, you know, look back at the earlier part of the conversation, no, we're probably pretty safe up here. Well that's the hope. Bad weather keeps bad people Out. Yeah. Yeah. But yeah, you gotta get that mindset of, you know, okay, we're just gonna have to live the, maybe practice it a little bit. Maybe instead of going on vacation to some resort in the Caribbean or the French Riviera or something, take your family to, you know, the woods to buik, you know, and stay there for two weeks in a tent and just have fun. You know, don't have 'em do fire drills or you know, just go and shoot some tin cans with a 22 and, you know, make, kind of make a game out of it.


Like, you know, everybody will talk. Well I don't wanna live in a world if it gets like that, that will be awful. No, it's not gonna be awful. You're gonna survive. They, it's happened many times in history. Right. I mean, many cultures have been through that type of, well, so You're 52, I remember this area, you know, 50 years ago and people kind of lived that way much closer to that even then, not that long ago, really. Right, right. Yeah. I mean, did your mom grow up in a house with running water? No, I don't think that the farm that they grew up in in here didn't have running water when they moved to Bethel. I don't think they got it shortly, but I think they had an outhouse. I know that. Yep. Yeah. And I know they didn't have electricity.


We had a bad well, when I was a kid, which was, no, it didn't phase anybody a bit. Our well would go dry in the summertime. I remember that. And, you know, wells were expensive. $5,000 to get a well drilled back then, probably 20,000 now. So we just filled up five gallon buckets and that's how we flushed it. It wasn't a, I took showers at my grandmother's house, you know, in the summer when it was dry. Right. Not all year. You know, so it wasn't a, you know, maybe have your, maybe shut the water, maybe cut the power off to your house for a week when your family, just to see how it, you know, just not as a punishment or no to be mean or anything like that. Like, hey, let's make some fun out of this. You know, let's, let's, let's cook our food outside.


You don't have to go kill a deer or anything like that. But buy a, buy a leg of lamb at the store and let's just cook this on the fire outside. We're gonna shut the electricity off for a week. You know, we'll read some books or, you know, maybe shut your phone off. I don't know if, if the phones will, will go bad when all the bad things happen. I, who knows what's gonna, we don't know what's gonna, it could be a, what do they call the bomb when it wipes out all the electrical? Like the neutron bomb or, yeah, Like all the electrical waves and the, oh, you know what I'm, oh, The EMP attack. Yeah. EMP. Yeah. Yeah. I don't, you know, that's probably would just really freak people out, take a kid's cell phone away when he tries to go to school and mean, see how they act. They don't like that very much.


They don't, no. It's in the paper all the time. They're trying. Schools have policies that the kids aren't supposed to have the cell phone in school, which is obvious. Why should a kid have a cell phone in school? Yeah. And the schools can't take the cell phones away from the kids. They're like, it's not, it's not going well for them. Really? Yeah. It's awesome. His kids are so Addicted to it. Yeah. And the parents are like, no, my kid has to have the cell phone. So now they're making the kid try to get the kid to keep the thing in the locker during class. So in between class they just go to their locker and get out the cell phone. You know, who can afford a whose kid can afford a cell phone. That's what I'm saying. You know what I mean? At that. And they're talking about, and this is the news. I don't have kids, so I don't know. Maybe it's a different world we live in. And I'm not up to date on that.


But why does a eighth grader have a cell phone? Well, because they're only a thousand dollars. You know, who can afford a cell phone for an eighth grader? You know, working, or who wants to, who would wanna waste their money? Why does the eighth grader need us? The kid, the school gives 'em computers. They all have a laptop. Right. The politicians did that. So every kid has a laptop. Then the kid's parents would like selling the pawning, the laptops to buy drugs with. That was funny on that. Oh, you liked that, huh? It was pretty cool because we knew what was gonna happen. Right. So when, so like, yeah, get your family ready. That's, I mean, interrupt you. But just to finish that other thing is get your family ready.


Just have them, and don't make a work thing out. Don't make doing firewood a chore or a, or something. You know? You, you can't have fun today. 'cause we have to do firewood. Have it. We're gonna have fun today and do firewood, you know, play some music while they're stacking the wood. You know, you get six of your family members together to do the firewood. It goes pretty fast. Did you do firewood as a kid? Oh yeah. Yeah. It was, I, I loved cutting wood. I love firewood. It's kind of like, I hate painting, but there are certain times when I don't mind painting if I just wanna forget about something. Yep. Like simple little chores like that. Or are so like weed whacking the best chainsawing just, just going through the woods and cutting up a bunch of dead trees with the chainsaw.


And nobody couldn't. I used to go after, you know, after tapings if I was feeling tense or go out in the woods and cut, as you know. Yeah. But then I put that ethanol gas in my chainsaw. Then You got the Electric chainsaw play. I got the electric chain. Do you remember that? That was fun though. It's, I mean, it was fine. The electric chain star was fine, but good for about an hour. It's good for about an hour. It's exactly right. Yeah. Yeah. No. So make a game out of things like don't, you know, and, you know, buy your kid a dirt bike. That's fine. Yep. You know, but don't, don't, I had dirt bikes and snowmobiles when I was a kid, but I remember my, and I was around my grandfather a lot. 'cause he lived right next door and he was retired. So I was around him a lot.


And he'd be like, no, we don't have any, you know, that's enough gas for today. And I was fine with it. I was like, okay, I get to ride it for a couple hours. But gas was pretty expensive when I was a kid. Yep. Early eighties wasn't cheap. I think it was like a buck 70. It was a one time there. It was what, like a buck 70 a gallon or something like that. Maybe Eighties. And it dropped to the eighties. Eighties. Eighties. Yeah. At the end of the eighties it went back down to like a buck a gallon. Yeah. Yeah. But you know, my grandfather would, you know, he filling up a, to, to have somebody fill up a five gallon can for me to ride a snowmobile around in a field was a big deal. I mean, it was a luxury for me as a kid. And it was, I appreciated it. You know, I'd say, geez, can I have two gallons of gas today? Yeah. Okay. You know. Whoops. You helped with the firewood.


You're gonna have some gas. You know. Did you Help with your grandparents firewood also? Yeah. Yeah. He burned a lot. He had a big farmhouse. He split. He did, he did his wood by hand. Really? Yeah. He cut it with a chainsaw. But he would line 'em all up, split 'em by hand, line 'em up on the road. He had a whole line of fire with split it by hand. Then he had a chute that went down into a cellar. We'd all get together and throw it in the cellar. How much did he burn? A winter? I'd say about 10 cord. He burned a, he had a big farmhouse and then when he got older they put a oil furnace in. 'cause he was like in his eighties. And it was too much for him to do the firewood. Do you notice A difference between wood heat and oil heat? Oh yeah. Definitely. It's not, oil heat's fast, faster. And you know, you come into your house.


But if you come home from a day of being out just soaked to the bone fro, like, say you're doing carpentry all day in the cold and your hands are just frozen and you feet are wet and you're just cold, stinging cold. And you just stand in front of that wood stove and it just, it almost burns as you're warm. Warm. Yes. You know, you almost have to step away from it. It's like, okay. Too hot, too fast. Like jumping on a hot tub when you're cold. You know how it kinda burns? Yeah. And it's just, but it heats you, it will warm your core up. Now standing in front of a register, you know, a radiator in the hallway doesn't, you don't A Forced air vent. Yeah. Forced air. Forced air is actually better than the, than a register, I think.


Yeah. Than a forced air vent has actually warm air blown on you. That feels pretty good. Yeah. I like forced air better than the radiant heat myself. Really? Yeah. 'cause the radiant heat's kind of, it's just there, but it's not hot. You know, it's just like a constant, you know, if you, if you were frozen and you were laying on next to a radiator or a radiant heat system, it would take a long time to warm up. But a forced air one's blowing warm air on you. It seems to just warm you up a little bit faster. Do you think Any of the people who run our country could answer any of the questions I've asked you? I dunno. They, they put the, the, the, the people that, well, you talk about it all the time. Most Retarded people in charge. Yeah. Like it put the guy that can't do eighth grade math in charge of the energy grid.


You know, and then, okay, maybe he's a good leader. Right. You really? And, and the, and, and a bug. We will get back to that. But the, he's a good leader. Right. Okay. So he can't do eighth grade math, but he's a good organizer. He's a good leader. He's gonna hire the, you know, he is gonna hire a bunch of engineers. Yeah. Guys who went to MIT and you know, good common sense people. No, he doesn't hire the, you know, you know, he doesn't even hire those people. Who does he hire? He just hires more people just like him. Just more like-minded people like him that have the same, you know, I'll just make these numbers. I tried to do some of this research right before I got here. Have you ever looked up on the internet? Like how much electricity a windmill produces or, or how much electricity a ski lift uses?


No, there's, there's like no, you know, don't trust everything you read on the internet. Very vague answers in a lot of that stuff. And really? Yeah. You know, you think it'd be cut and dry. of course. Like a, you know, a chair, a windmill puts out so many kilowatts and a chairlift uses this many Well, and they just go around in a circle. Well, it depends on how long the chairlift is and how many chair, well obviously it depends on that. But how about the average chairlift? Yeah, the average chairlift. How About the average windmill in an average Year? Yeah. Right. Yeah. You can Get those specs on your truck. Yeah. They'll tell you exactly how many horsepower under certain circumstances your Motor is. Right. But then look up how much it costs to charge your cyber truck. And it's like, well it depends on where you live and the, which it does depend on where you live in the electricity rates, you know?


Right. It might be 18 cents a kilowatt hour here. It might be 23 cents here. But you could say, okay, it costs 50 bucks to charge your, you know, they don't give the, they just lead you around in a circle 'cause they're trying to push all this stuff on you. Like, I read somewhere that the, I mean, I don't believe everything I read, especially on that. 'cause you know, the wackos that are trying to push all this stuff on, you are really, really, you know, leading you down the wrong path. And the wackos that are trying to disprove them are really, really pulling you off the other path. You know, like, oh, the wind never, you know, blow the wind, never blows, blows.


So, so, but I looked up a thing for how much energy it took to run the New York subway. 'cause I know trains use a lot of power. Yeah. And the thing that, and I did all the math of the kilowatt hours and how much I, you know, it was just getting, I'm not an engineer and it was very misleading, the information that the solar panel companies are putting out. But, and then I read somewhere, I, I read this article and the guy said, yeah, like the size of Arizona solar panels just to run the New York subway. Not the city to start a subway car. You just to get the subway car rolling with 10, 10 units hooked to the motor, to the engine just to get it rolling.


Not to keep it going, just to get it rolling. Uses would power 1300 average homes for a year, But no way. Yeah. 'cause it takes a lot of power to get electricity going. Yes. Like the local sawmill in the local ski area have to coordinate with the, well they used to, probably not now, but they used to. The mills in, in the areas have to coordinate with a power grid of when they're gonna start their shifts. If they're running shifts and the machines aren't running. 'cause you can't turn on that sawmill and turn on all the chair lifts at the same time. It uses that much energy to get it going. So sawmills electric. Yeah. The big ones isn't like the big, big sawmills. You know the huge ones. Why? Well, that's what runs the blade on the Yeah, But why, why not diesel or gasoline?


Oh, it's just smoother motor, I mean less vibration. And you don't want the big diesel motor humming next to your head all day. No, it might be electric. They, a lot of sawmills will have a, their own power plant. They'll have two big diesel generators out back running that run the electric motors. Like an asphalt plant has a big diesel motor that the asphalt plant's all electric. But we had a diesel motor sitting there. Power, like a train. Yeah, a train. You see the black smoke rolling out of the train, going down the tracks. It's an electric motor. It's just a diesel generator powering the electric motor. So if we go to electric vehicles and AI is running them In in 2030. Yeah. Vermont has to be a hundred percent electric.


They've passed the law already. What does that mean? A hundred percent? I Don't know. Well, the sale of electric a hundred, is that Super? What do you, so you live very dangerously close to Vermont. Yeah. What do you, did you ever go over there? Yeah, we used to go to Vermont quite often. My, my parents had a monument gravestone business and that's where we got our stones. So I've been to Vermont a lot back and forth. Yeah. And yeah, it's like Maine. It's You can drive if you drive down across Route two to Vermont. It's the same little, little more mountainous over there through Mount Washington. But for the most part it's, it's, it's the same. But not everyone in the, I mean, a lot of normal people in Vermont. Yeah, I know. Very. A lot of rednecks over there and regular people.


And So they're all gonna have to go electric, like electric, chainsaw, Electric. I don't, when they pass one of those bills, I mean, this might be one of those questions that nobody knows the answer to. When they pass one of those bills that California passed a bill All Electric by 2035. What does that mean? Does anybody actually know? Does that mean that they're really not gonna sell any gasoline vehicles in California after 2035? She said, can they change that? A lot of electric motors are powered by diesel generators. Right. Ski areas. A lot of ski lifts have the diesel motor sitting right there on the, on the, on the chair lift itself. You'll see the, you know, a lot of ski areas have the diesel motor that powers the electric or the, it's a diesel.


Some diesel, some are just direct drive diesel Lift. So I'm starting to think that reality is not gonna catch up to the, these laws. Yeah. I don't know. Unless they come up up with some kind of battery. Like the cyber truck that we're testing right now. I went 140 miles yesterday and I was at, at about 50%. That's fine for me. I don't, I very rarely drive 200 miles a day. But if I had to all of a sudden go somewhere at the end of the day, like, holy shit, I gotta drive, you know, there's a family emergency in, or I'm Outta beer or Something. Yeah. I'm out of beer. Or Yeah, there's a family emergency in New York City and or South Carolina or, and I gotta go somewhere real fast and hop in my car and drive, oh shit, my car's only half full now I gotta wait 20 minutes for it to charge.


Or I have to go buy a super. I wouldn't, I was, when I went to get that cement yesterday, I was like, well maybe I might have to charge this getting that cement. 'cause I didn't know, I'd never been on a long trip with it. So I'm looking up super charging stations on the way to the cement place. Oh no, there isn't any, there's slow charging stations that take eight hours, but It's just, just a 120 volt plug. Or it's, well, two, probably a two 20 plug. Yeah. I charge it at my house with two 20. But yeah, the electric, the, the, the the power grid and the diesel and the nuclear would be great. Hydro dams would be Canada. Doesn't Canada get all this power from hydro? of course. Like all of It. Right? They own the hydro dams in Maine. Brookfield. Right. So why obviously the, they've got the methods to make hydro dams to where the pipe, you know, they tap into the bottom of the river or the pipe.


They do it all over the place and the pipe runs underneath the ground to the turbine pops out, down river. So there's no dam. You know, you're not losing any, the fish is still getting through. That little section of river might be a little bit, you know what I mean? Is losing that flow of water. But it's still popping out.


Some of the most important things in life are also the easiest to put off. You think about 'em, you think about 'em, they seem time consuming and hard. They're not actually time consuming and hard, but you just don't do 'em. But you should. Mowing the lawn, paying the bills, working out, not eating Oreos. The list is long. Shopping for a life insurance policy is something that seems very difficult. Also, something You don't wanna deal with or face life insurance. That makes me think about death. But you gotta do it. You should do it for yourself and your family. And with policy genius, it's not hard at all. Policy genius helps you get the life insurance you need. Fast You can get on with your actual life. 40% Of people with life insurance wish they'd gotten their policy at a younger age. That is wise. It's true. It's also cheap when you're younger. So today is the day to start putting it off and do it with PolicyGenius. You can find life insurance policies that start at just $292 per year for a million dollars of coverage. Some off options even offer same day approval and avoid unnecessary medical exams. Really easy. So you're probably getting a sense of how totally bananas the world has become recently. And you're probably thinking of ways to ways calm your fears for the future. And one really obvious and important way is to buy life insurance for yourself, for your loved ones. Do it now. They need to be provided for if something, God forbid happened. Policy genius saves time by helping you at every step of that process. You compare quotes from America's biggest insurers in just a few clicks and you get the lowest price. It's super easy. It's one of the upsides of the internet. You can see all the offerings and make the choice yourself. And they make it really, really easy. Their expert license support team works with you to answer all your questions, deal with the paperwork, help you make informed decisions with confidence. And of course, no one likes to think about any of this, but the end does come. And if it comes sooner than you expect, you don't want to burden the people you love With having no money. So You don't want them inheriting your debt. So You can protect them with a few easy steps. And You can do it right now, PolicyGenius is the country's leading online insurance marketplace. It gives you unbiased advice from a licensed expert support team. They've got no incentive to recommend one insurer over another. So You can trust that they're not scamming you. They don't have some sort of inside deal steering you in one direction. They want to get you the lowest price. They've got thousands of five star reviews on Google and Trustpilot from customers who said, this actually works. It's great. So you don't need to put off getting life insurance. Go to policygenius.com/ Tucker to get free life insurance quotes and see how much you could save. That's policygenius.com/ Tucker.


So there's actually no downside to that. Yeah, There's all kinds of technology. You're Just pulling energy off of something that's constantly Producing you. Yeah. You're not building a dam. Right. So you go to a place where the river's always deep and you know, widen deep, you know, you know a flat spot in the river where there's no, and you just tap into the, and they've, they've doing that. There's technology for that. It's not hurting. Why are they so against that? 'cause they're not pushing their solar panels and their windmills that they've got invested in. You know, you read about all these politicians that got rich off the, and people don't like reading that. You know, six pack Joe going to the store reading the paper that so and so politician is all of a sudden got rich off windmills.


He's not dumb. He can figure out what's going on. You know, the windmill project in Rhode Island, according to the, I watch a lot of YouTube. It's very, it's good. I mean, it's almost a default. Most people I know it's a default TV now is YouTube. Yep. I mean the Windmill project in Rhode Island, I don't know the name of the project, but it's in the news all the time. Offshore windmills. Yeah, offshore windmills in the ocean. So the, the Kennedy type people don't want it 'cause it's in their backyard. And you know, the Obama's people that live in Nantucket and Rhode Island and all those fancy places don't want it. They want send, they wanna send, they wanna put 'em up in, you know, Rangely Maine.


Yeah. Because it's, you know, we're not gonna, we don't care up here. You know, what do we care about? Natural beauty. Right. Like living a decent light. But that windmill is huge and it provides one 700th. And the guy, he, he wrote it out on a piece of paper and did the math of the kilowatt hours. He was smarter than I was one 700th of the electricity that it takes to power. Not just the area that is gonna power, but Rhode Island, which is the size of that coffee cup. So the windmill project with the wind blowing a 700th of what Rhode Island uses for power. And they've shut and they've shut down either one or two big power plants in Rhode Island.


And they wrecked a commercial fishery and they wrecked a commercial fishery too. And the, and the windmills were already falling apart out in the ocean. One came apart. I don't know where it was, it was on the news. I just kinda laughed and I walked by the tv 'cause the windmill was all, the blade was sticking down in the, in the, in the ocean. And the environmentalist people were worried that the material that the blade was made out of was gonna poison the fish. You know? So who, who said that it's okay to, well, I guess windmills would be our biggest thing here. Solar panels are pretty, there's a few solar farms around, but they're small. Yeah. Maybe 10 acres or something. So they, they're not too offensive yet. They're not. Well, I dunno, when you get off the turnpike in gray, there's, that one's kind of offensive when I see that one.


Yeah. It used to be cows in that field. Now there's, now there's windmill. I mean now there's, now there's solar panels. But the windmill, I mean, who's the dynamite, the top of a mountain. You gotta build a road up there to get the windmill projects they use. My neighbor does them. And they're, you know, you gotta blast the top of a mountain range blast it just to flatten off a spot to put these windmills and build a road to it and maintain the road to it. And the erosion from maintaining the road every year. Who's, you know, have they, it's like cash for clunkers when they wanted in. What was that early two thousands trade in you Obama? Yeah. Yeah. Trade in, trade in your, you know, Ford Bronco for a, for a Toyota Tacoma.


And you got $4,000 for your Ford Bronco. Well, sounds great. Yeah. You're driving something that gets 25 miles a gallon versus something that, you know, gets 15 miles to the gallon. But the natural resources that it took to build that better gas mileage car versus keeping that Ford Bronco on the road and not mining all that new steel and rubber and all the resources that it takes to build that car. They didn't fig they didn't really factor that into the No. All the point. Okay. This guy's only driving 5,000 miles a year in his 96 Broncos that gets 10 miles to the gallon. So you give him $4,000 of our money to buy a Toyota Tacoma that gets better gas mileage.


It took, they're all gonna be off the road in 10 years. Rusted out anyway. Yeah. But maybe he's maintaining that Bronco. Maybe it's, you know, not rusted or he is just, you know, anything doesn't matter. But why is that better to, to just junk that and get rid of it and, and buy the new car. Someone's Getting rich from it. Someone got, and that was a whole scam on the cash for clunkers. I don't know if you have ever reported on that. No, but I don't remember the particulars of it. But it was a scam. I mean, they got rich on it, but It's all a scam and nothing's a bigger scam than wind power. Yeah. That's like, that's huge. You, you read those articles and that, you know, they don't, they're not on the everyday news, but there's been articles on the local papers about the scamming.


Have You ever shot one with a 3 0 8? I'd love the Shoe one. They were gonna put 'em behind my house on my mountain. That was a big thing. Oh yeah. My wife was going to the meetings and my neighbor was, had the signs up, no windmills and the bat. There was a bat species of bat up there that was rare. Or a breeding ground for bat breeding grounds. And that was apparently why they didn't do it. And the money for them. I think when Trump got in, didn't a lot of that stuff dry Up? I don't know. Probably not. I think he, I don't know. But something happened politically. But it was a bat thing that was holding them back. And that was the what? And, and this, and they still have a hundred year, I don't know if it's a lease or an agreement that they could still go up there and do it.


I, if they put those windmills in what caliber rifle would've stopped them. Do you think You got, I dunno, I think you gotta hit 'em right in the middle. I don't think a bullet hole through the tip of the wing is gonna, it's like shooting an airplane with a bullet in the wing. It's really not gonna stop the plane. Right. You gotta hit the guts of it. You know, you really get it. And this is gonna, I, I'm usually right about these kind of things. Okay. In 50 years when these windmills, probably 30 years when we, these windmills are abandoned and falling apart, you know, they're just, nobody's taking care of 'em anymore. The whole industry is bankrupt. They're falling over on the side of the mountain. They're just wasted. People are gonna go there and there's gonna be no freaking wire going.


The thing to start with that much of a scam. Like, there's not even a wire going to the thing. That's my prediction. So You think we're gonna discover this whole thing is bullshit? Like they're not actually producing power. Yeah. They're not even hooked up. There's nothing on the inside. It's just big blades. There's no generator on the inside or anything. Have you ever been I'm that much of a weirdo that I think, I Don't think that's weird at all. I, I don't think it's weird at all. This kid, this 20-year-old kid with no, no training just shot Trump at 140 yards with a 2, 2 3. Right. Anything is possible. That's, that's for sure. Yeah. Have You ever been up and poked around the windmills? I've never been. Not those big ones. I mean, I've been up towers and stuff. I've climbed towers before, but I've never been up a windmill tower.


No. I don't like getting near 'em. I don't know. What do you mean? I don't know. They're just not, they're not scenic. I don't wanna spend, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna go to take my vacation in the Bronx. I'm not gonna go hang out next to a frigging windmill. You know, it's basically the same thing to me. Yeah. My friend has a camp. You've been there where you look out the porch and you see the 22 windmills on the mountain. I don't know. It kind ruins it for me. I agree. I maybe, maybe I'm just being selfish. I don't know. No, they're being selfish Actually. Right. I mean, And they're moving them into poor areas where the town, but towns have been depopulated because of changes that they instituted to our economy. And the town can't say no because they need the money.


Right? Yeah. They're buying off the people they can be bought off. Yeah. Cheap. Yep. And it's, you know, big, it's like selling the family farm to send your kid to the college type of theory. Right. Is that such, is it such a good idea that we're doing this, you know, selling our mountaintops to the windmill people for some quick cash right now? You know? Is that the best thing for our future? Probably not. It actually, it sounds like a crime. It should be. I mean, especially when there's like no vote on it. Like, you know, the, it's, I hate to pick on rich people, but the rich people own the land. Yeah. And they're selling basic.


They're not really doing anything with it. They log it. We've been logging it for years. The poor people do benefit from it. The working class benefit, the paper mills benefit from it. Okay. That industry's kind of drying up from what we saw the other day. And okay, well this is our last chance to get just a little bit more money out of that land. Well, some frigging scam deal with the government to put windmills on it. You know, one last little push. Give the little people a little something so they can build a new school or something out of the money or put a new road in or new something. It's, they're selling this old, you really are, you always feel you sell when you sell land. I've sold land before, you know, kind of.


'cause I had to, or I was moving or relocating or I needed the money and it just felt so soul burning. Like, I didn't feel good afterwards. No, you shouldn't feel good After I sell that land. I mean, I had to, and I no regrets against it, you know, I, it, I got a lot of land now, so I made out better, you know? Yep. I think I bettered myself doing it, but while I was doing it, I'm like, man, I'm selling land that belonged to my grandfather. Like, I really don't, I just don't feel good. No, you're true. Even. those, it wasn't much, it was only a couple of acres. You know, I needed to pay some bills and, you know, buy some stuff. But I'm like, I just don't feel good doing this. You know? I think that's right. Yeah. When those windmills break, who's gonna cart 'em off? And what happens to them?


They're Big. You ever seen one going down the road? The blade? Oh yeah. Yeah. They like take up the whole road. I don't know. But they, and the, the motors on the inside and the bearings of the construction company in town bought a crane. Just a, like a $4 million crane just to work on them. You need that big equipment. So you can't tell me that going around and maintaining. There's a lot of windmills in Maine now. They're everywhere. Yeah. And they, and they still only provide supposedly 16% of the power from Maine. Now, I don't, they say to, to Maine. That's another thing. When you read these things, you have to really watch what you read because the 16% of the power from Maine is the residents.


I, and then another article said that that doesn't in, I don't, I don't know if this is true or not. It's just what I read on the internet, that the, that doesn't ac crude industrial power. The resident well houses use very little electricity. Yeah. It doesn't take much the power of the houses in Maine. Right. They use most of the electricity, but they use very little. Right. You know, but the factories and stuff, and you know, they, they use power ski areas, use a shitload of power, you know. What do you think of ski areas? I like to ski. I've always skied. I don't ski anymore. Just, I don't, it's too crowded for me now. You know, I don't, it's like waiting in line at Walmart when I go skiing. That's what I feel like I'm doing. Yeah. But yeah, I don't know. It's like, it's another thing kind of selling your soul, you know?


All right. Let's, like I said, bulldoze the top of this mountain off and cut all the trees and cause a shitload of erosion just so a bunch of rich people can slide down the hill. You know? That seem like a good, you don't see too many poor people skiing, but you don't No, they don't have ghetto day at the ski area. No. You know, it's like golf courses. Golf courses are beautiful. And I think once, I think once something is done, I think it's, it's one thing like once a, once a wind farm is in, or once a ski area is constructed, I think the damage is done. And mother nature kind of heals itself and does what it's gonna do. You know? But it's, it's the process of it can, can kill a lot of fish.


I'm sure. I mean, fish biologists will tell you that golf courses are the worst thing for, for fish for sure. You know, golf courses. A I don't play. I, I enjoy, I like looking at golf courses. They beautiful, they mowed. I like nice, you know, they look nice. They got the trees and everything. But man, you can't look at a golf course and just think, man, why, who thought this was a good idea to fill in this swamp and bulldoze all this land and flatten it off and cut all the trees just so I can hit this little white ball into a hole. You know, who, who, who had that vision that that's what we should be doing with this land. Same thing with the ski area. You know, looking at the beautiful mountain and you get this ski, ski lift going up the side. Who thought, oh Jesus, what a great place for a ski area.


You know? I guess it's your personal preference if you really like skiing, I guess. I don't know. But not me personally. I'd be like, no, don't put a ski area. Why would you want a ski area there? You know? Why wouldn't you just wanna hike to the top of the mountain? Yeah. On your snowshoes, you know, without the skier. Have the skiers shut the lift down for a while. Nothing against skiing. I love skiing. I, I'm a good skier. Skied my whole life. You know, I skied in Colorado. I love skiing. So I'm not bashing ski areas, but it's just, you know, it's almost like enough's enough. Try walk, walk to the top of the mountain and ski down. You know, the, then you've accomplished something. Yeah. Fewer runs that way. Yeah.


But you've accomplished something. That's right. You've actually done something that day. Hopping on the chairlift, riding to the top and sliding down. You haven't accomplished anything. No, that's true. You drove there in your car. You hopped on the chairlift, you rode to the top of the mountain. You slid down the other side on your skis. You didn't do anything. You know? Yeah. You, you know, you gotta be in good shape to ski. I mean, you, it's a young person sport. Yeah. Or a person in good shape, but you don't have to be in that good of shape. I can ski. I'm not in good shape. Yeah. It just, I don't know. It just seemed like the wrong thing to do. And then you see the development around any resort, whether it's a ski area or a golf course, or, I can't think of any other kind of resorts that they have.


Really. That's about it. I guess the development around them is the big thing. You know, look at the housing developments and the condos and another mountain bulldoze over here so these people can look at that ski area, you know? Oh, I wanna view with a ski area. I mean, that's personal preference. That's not, I'm not putting those people down. Just, it doesn't, to doesn't, nature wise and environmentally, environmentally, it certainly doesn't sound like a good idea. I don't think you need much environmental education to figure out that it's not good. Yeah. You know, I think eighth grade earth science would tell you that that's not a good thing to do. I, I, you know, paving a road to the top of the mountains so You can have views, but it, it's been like that in Europe for a long time.


Right. There's a lot of that in Europe. Right. Ski areas and development. Oh, yeah. So, and it's been fine over there. I mean, mother nature does heal itself around those things. So I, I, it's probably not long term that big a deal for the environment. I don't know. It just seems like a short term thing to me. If we Have a massive economic downturn, I mean, a lot of this stuff will heal itself, as you said. Right. Anyway. Yeah. I think, yeah. If those houses get abandoned, you've seen abandoned towns. Yeah. I looked up the post that I was stationed at in Germany and it, it was a, you know, abandoned, I don't know what they use it for now, but basically abandoned.


And they were like stucco, German stucco type buildings like you see in Germany. And it was like the, it was, it was like the, it was like gone. Like the earth had already swallowed up all those buildings. Really? Yeah. It was like everything's falling down. The grass is growing. Trees growing up through everything. You know, just like when you find an old logging camp in the woods, you'll find the stove and the Yeah, totally. All the stuff and the tree growing up through the, through, through everything. Find a stonewall and a cellar hole. Yeah. A stonewall and a cellar hole with a, you know, 200 year old tree in the middle of it, you know? Yeah, exactly. So I think Mother nature, I think, I think mother Nature will recover. It's just an aesthetic thing for me. I would say, you know, I don't like the washouts, so the erosion. I don't like building, you know, you shouldn't be building roads up mountains anyway.


Sometimes you have to, to get to the next town or economic reasons or, but yeah, just for recreation, build a road up the side of a mountain that causes a shit load of erosion. No, that's not a good idea. Yeah. I did that kind of work too. I did that for years. And I owe my, I wouldn't have what I have right now if it wasn't for the ski area. You know, I worked up there for doing landscaping and carpentry and stuff for years excavation. So I, I feel bad bashing it. But it'd be like, if you worked for a company that installed windmills and you made a lot of money doing it. Say you were a truck driver for the company that put in windmills. I mean, You can still hate windmills. Right. And still enjoy your job.


I don't know. I can't relate. I mean, it's not like I worked for media companies that lied to the population of the country I was born in, like justified pointless wars through fear. But You still love those media companies. No, I Love 'em. Yeah. Yeah. I don't judge it all. Right. Yeah. So we all get stuck in the, of the hip hypocrisy of, you know, nobody's above hypocrisy. That's for sure. That's for sure. You know, we all get stuck in, you know, the guy that, but then you see the people that go skiing with the, the Subaru and the Save the Planet Earth sticker. But they're heading up to go skiing. Now that bothers me. You know, that's, that's, that's blatant hypocrisy there.


And they'll say, oh, there's solar panels on the side of the, on the chair lift. So the chair lifts solar power. They should know better than that. The solar panel on the building going into the chair lift. It might power the guy's coffee pot at best. Right. You know, it's not, they should know better than that, I don't think. And it's our fault for letting, it's not, it's not those, it's not those people have very good intentions. All the, we call 'em, I call 'em moon bats. Yeah. All the moon bat People. you know who I'm talking about? I do. You know, you know. But I'm not putting them down. They have the best intentions in the world. They really, honestly think that what they're doing is, is great. I think they do feel deep down inside because they're not, those people aren't getting rich off it.


Right. You know, it's the politicians. It's the, it's the politicians that are getting rich off it. But those people are just kind of blind and naive. And they really do believe that what they're fighting for is, is, is true And. there just, and it's not their fault that they're in charge now. You look at all the moon bets. You got people, you got a woman running for president right now that I is not qualified to teach finger painting for kindergarten kids. Yeah. I mean, it's your fault and my fault that she's in charge. It's his fault that she's in charge. It's not the rest of the moonbat moon bats people in charge. We let that happen.


We're the responsible adults in charge of all this stuff. You know, we let that happen. We let those people take over. I mean, we tried our best to stop it, but we didn't do good enough. Okay. Now they're teaching. I don't have kids, so I probably shouldn't say this, but they're teaching, you know, whatever, a sophomore in high school to get gender surgery. And, you know, like, how did that happen? Where did we, where did we take our eye off the ball long enough for, you know, how'd we take our eye off the ball long enough to let Cam Kamala, what's her? Kamala Carmela, you know how to say it? I don't, I don't know. She doesn't know how to say it. She says it a couple different, I'm gonna go with Camp Illa, but whatever I wrong.


So how did we get In a world increasingly defined by deception and the total rejection of human dignity? We decided to found the Tucker Carlson Network. And we did it with one principle in mind. Tell the truth. You have a God-given Right. To think for yourself. Our work is made possible by our members. So if you wanna enjoy an ad-free experience and keep this going, join TCN at Tucker Carlson dot com slash podcast. Tucker Carlson dot com slash podcast.


What? How did we screw up? We try. You fought, you fought your best. Yeah. You know, you, you were on the news every night. I did my best by badmouthing her. And everybody, everybody at the chainsaw shop did their best. But she still, she still won. Yeah. You know? And how did she win? Because we didn't, we didn't, we didn't try hard enough. We didn't fight hard enough. We tried it January 6th. That was a, like, okay. That was a very, you know, that was it. We, I called you that day afternoon. I'll never, finally you were the, I was getting my hair cut. I'll never forget it. And maybe you called me and you're like, you watching This?


This is the greatest fucking thing I've ever seen. I love it. Yeah. They're sitting in her chair. Yeah. You were the only one who was excited about that. And I was ashamed that I wasn't excited about it. 'cause you're absolutely right. Right. It's the people's house. Yeah. What are you joking? Yeah. The crime is going into a building that you own. Right. That's not a crime. Okay. Yeah. You guys have totally fucked up life as we know it. Yeah. In this country. A nice country to live in, you know? And, and you've twisted it all sideways and you've got it all fucked up and Wow. You know? Yeah. We gotta take, it's the, we gotta put the adults back in charge. Okay. You okay? You guys have had your fun.


Yeah. You know, go, go. We got plenty of jobs for you to do. You know, you're still gonna be important. You're still gonna have a purpose. You can be a community organizer, or You can do something like that, you know, but you don't want to give, I don't even know if they're qualified for that, because that's how they Right. You know, what do you do with those people that wanna let 14-year-old kids get sex changes? What, what, what can you do with that person? What would you do? I'm not religious at all, but that's definitely the mark of the mark of the devil or the Yeah. Whatever they call it. You know, What would you do with them? I don't know. I mean, you, you've supervised a lot. There's a lot of them and there's a lot of people giving into it.


Like, people that you would never suspect giving into that. Well, it's not that bad. So what, the drag queen story hour and kindergarten, what does a kindergarten kid know? Like, no, it's pretty bad. I, I don't care if a transgender person reads a story to my kid. They can babysit my kid. I don't care if they're transgender, that's fine. But the way that they act with the boobs hanging out and the sexualized dancing and all that. No. I don't care what gender you, it's got nothing to do with transgender. You don't act that way around kids. Or, you know, I don't go around. I'm not gonna go have a, it's the doggy style society. People. We're gonna have a parade. All the people that like to do it doggy style, we're just gonna have a parade.


That'd Be most people. You know, we're not gonna do that. You don't do those kind of, you don't do a transgender sexual parade. I've always thought that that would be the trigger for violence. 'cause someone got did that shit to my kids. I'd shoot 'em without thinking about it. I think it's gonna come to that. I, I think it's pretty, it's So ridiculous. Like, if someone that's like, That's A form of sexual abuse on my kids, it's so that's the one thing you can't allow. You get Beat up in the old days for doing that. At Very least, at very least beaten up. So, and I'm utterly opposed to violence as I often say. And you know me well, you know, that I actually am opposed to violence. I'm not just saying, I hate these wars, I hate all this shit. Right. But If there's one excuse for violence, it's sexually abusing my children.


Right. Like, or I'm not a good dad if I'm allowing that. And all these people are allowing it. It's like, what's wrong with you? Right. For real. Right. What is wrong with people? Yeah. It's the who, how did it that? And people are giving, the good people are giving up. They just saying, well, I don't know if it's, they don't wanna, I've heard people say like, you know, how can you let your kids do that? Well, all the rest of the kids are doing it. And they're all talking about that. And, and And, there are certain things that kids do that you like, you scold your kid for it. But okay, all kids are gonna do that. They're gonna, they're gonna steal your Playboy magazine. You know, they're gonna look at stuff like that that, you know, that's just, you punish 'em for it.


But I think that they want to fit in like the, I think there might be so many of those type of people now that people don't wanna lose their family members. Well, that is true. You know, so they don't want to come disconnected with their fa because they love their family. So like, okay, I'm, there's five people in the family that think the way I do. So-called normal thinking. And then the rest of them think it's okay to get gender surgery at 14 years old. You know, you're outnumbered in your family. I think the college is brainwashed those. You think it comes from colleges? I think it does. I don't know. When you were at Harvard, was it crazy?


I went to college for a year. For what? I, I went to study forestry. I didn't do too good. I was young. And forestry. Forestry, yeah. I mean, I did good in school. I was fine. I just didn't like going to college. I didn't, I, I don't know. I didn't fit in. I drank back then partying young, you know, that kind of stuff. So, you know, didn't, and I was working too. I enjoyed working. When I went to college, I worked for the logging company in town and I enjoyed it. I drove trucks. I drove skidders and I liked it. I liked getting up at five in the morning and going to work. I really did. I enjoyed it. You know, it was, it brings, it still does brings pleasure to me. I really totally agree. I really enjoyed it. Yeah. So I didn't do, I didn't, I had a lady, what was she, A English teacher, I believe.


And I did a, I was kind of messing with her, but I, sociology and I did a report on John Wayne or John Wayne movies. We had to be real fancy about. But I, I use John Wayne movies as my base. And I said, how great John Wayne, well, everybody loves John Wayne, who doesn't like John Wayne. And in front of the class, she did a thing on how John Wayne was a racist. And I'm looking at her and I'm like, what? I don't even know what. So I was already, I was 25 years old. I had been around a little bit, you know, lived in the service and stuff. I was already outta the army. And I'm like, I don't know what you're talking about, lady.


She goes, oh yeah, it's, you know, it's proven. And then she gives me all this stuff that probably came from the seventies or sixties. All this data about, you know, how those kind of movies in Hollywood was racist in the old days. And I'm like, I don't know. I've lived with, you know, people of all color. I've never got the idea that John Wayne was a racist. Yeah. Or was racist or watching a John Wayne movie was racist. Or, you know, I used to, I had, you know, people of color, my roommates in the service. And we would sit around and watch John Wayne movies, you know, and nobody ever, you didn't walk out in outrage. We didn't walk out in outrage. You know, so I don't know what those, so then I was like, okay, this is what's going on here, you know?


And she wanted me to print all my stuff on. I, I worked at the time she wanted me to, I was probably just being a smart ass for this. 'cause I can be a smart ass sometimes. She wanted me to print all the stuff. Computers were just coming out like, I don't know, a word processor type thing. So you had to put everything on a disc. And that's how she wanted you to hand in your assign. And I'm sure she was trying to teach you how to learn computers too. That was probably part of the deal. I didn't have a computer and I had to work a lot. You know, I didn't have time to stay at school and use the computer. I would just type the stuff out at night. And I didn't own a computer. So she says, well, you have to turn it on the disc. I said, I said, I'd love to. I said, I don't have a computer, I don't have time. She goes, well, there's plenty of computers in the library.


I said, I don't have time to stay and do that. When I leave here. I go to work and then I do my stuff at night. And then I, so she, I went to the dean, or wasn't the dean? Might have been the dean. It was a small college anyway. And I explained it to him and he goes, well, yeah. I said, I said, I'm paying you guys, like you guys work for me, you know, you're my employee. And he didn't, the dean was pretty good about that. But that woman was mad. That teacher was mad. Like, no, you guys work for me. I'm paying. You know, it's like I'm, when you go to college, it's, it's just like you're paying that professor to mow your lawn. That professor works for you.


of course. You know that you You don't work for them. You know. So she, and the, and the dean said it's okay. Yeah. He can hand his stuff. He took my side. 'cause I was working and, and I was paying tuition. It was GI Bill, but I was still Right. You know, I still wrote the check. And the check came to me. And, and so he was, and that woman did not see it that way. The Gentleman was racist lady. She did not see the fact that she works for me. She did not get that correlation. I guess that tell her to whip Up some dinner and pressure wash the Deck. Yeah. Change oil and rotate the tires on my truck. Yeah. Yeah. Patrick Feeney. Thank you. Well, Thank you sir. It was a, it was a pleasure.


It was. Thanks for listening. The Tucker Carlson Show. If you enjoyed it, You can go to Tucker Carlson dot com to see everything that we have made. The complete library, Tucker Carlson com.