
Over the past three years, hundreds, maybe thousands of Western journalists have covered the war in Ukraine. From Ukraine, and effectively been attached to the Ukrainian government and its military. And its many propaganda outlets, taking their talking points from Ukrainian government officials, interviewing President Zelensky always in the most fawning possible way, and effectively carrying water for both the Ukrainian government and nato. And above all for the Biden administration. On the other side, in this war that the United States has effectively paid for, there is one western journalist, one American embedded with Russian troops.


His name is Patrick Lancaster. He's from St. Louis, Missouri. He's a US Navy veteran. And for the past 11 years, he's been reporting from the region for the past three years. He's been reporting from the front lines. He's been interviewed by precisely no other mainstream western media organizations. And so it raises the question, how can you understand a war you are expected to take sides in and then pay for if you're not hearing the other side? So with that in mind, here's Patrick Lancaster. Patrick Lancaster, Thank you so much for joining us. So you're one of the only, maybe the only American reporter embedded with Russian troops in this war.


How long have you been there? I Tucker, I've, it's, it's really an honor to be on here with you to show a little bit to the world about what the mainstream media doesn't want a lot of the people around the world to see. So it, it's really grace, and I appreciate the invitation. I have been covering this conflict, this war for a lot longer than many people understand that it's going on. As you know, this didn't start three years ago. It started in 2014, some say even before. But for all intents and purposes, we could say 2014 when the war started following the events in Crimea where Crimea joins or rejoins Russia, because there was a referendum.


I was, that's where I first started reporting on the situation between Russia and Ukraine. I went to Crimea for the referendum where the Crimean people voted to break away from Ukraine and join Russia or rejoin Russia because before 1956, Crimea was part of Russia. So if you think about this, the people that were born before that year were born in Russia. So there's people living that were born in Russia that were literally so happy to be joining Russia again, going home is the people on the streets told me when I was there. And I've been there almost every year reporting since then as well.


But the, that's what really triggered my interest and intensity in reporting on the situation between Ukraine and Russia. Because when I came from, went from Europe to Crimea and saw the huge difference of what was being reported in the western mainstream media about the real situation in Crimea, we we're hearing in the West how Russia forces were gonna be making people vote to break away from Ukraine and join Russia. And I saw just the total opposite people just crying out of happiness to have the chance to rejoin Russia. And those are the real facts. And anyone that has been tra Crimea knows that.


And anyone that says something besides that is just not telling the truth and trying to hide the truth. And unfortunately, after the events in Crimea where they joined the northern regions of dank and gonski ended up becoming part of what You can say, a civil war where they as well had a referendum to break away from Ukraine. And that preceded the eight year war, eight year civil war where after the vote, the republics that they called themselves Danette, and people, p Dansky Gonsky, people's republics started to make their own governments make their own militaries.


And they were attacked after this referendum by Ukraine. And I spent eight years covering the situation in the dank and gonski areas, just documenting my part of the puzzle or the pie that wasn't being shown in the western mainstream media. 'cause what I was showing then, and now we Western mainstream media, doesn't it, it's not convenience for them to show doesn't fit their narrative. So I documented what they weren't the indiscriminate shelling of residential areas by Ukraine, the targeting of civilian areas by Ukraine.


I mean, my wife is from Dun. Yes. And her childhood home was destroyed by Ukrainian shelling as well as the majority of her childhood neighborhood. So I mean, these, these are the facts of the things that happened in the dunsky gonsky territories long before 2022 when Russia came into this war from 2014 till 2022 is when this civil war took place. And of course, Ukraine and the West claimed Russia had invaded all the way back in 2014. That was the, the, the narrative then. But eventually that kind of slowly went away when they realized that this eight year war wasn't really, there was no regular Russian troops taking a part in that this was a, a, a civil war that was lightly supported by the West as Ukraine supported by the West.


Wait, May, may I ask you a question to clarify something? So you said that your, your wife's childhood home was destroyed by shelling from the Ukrainian government. Why were they shelling your wife's house? Like what did, was she, was her family part of the fighting? I why would they do that? Well, they pretty much leveled most of her childhood home or childhood neighborhood where her mother's home. Well was, this neighborhood is just one of the many around dunes in the suburbs of Duns and around, specifically around the Duns airport.


The Duns airport was like a, a symbol of the war back in 2014, 2015, where there was literally so much fighting. One, there were two terminals. One terminal had the Ukrainian forces in it. One had the anti Ukraine government forces or rebels or pro-Russian forces, whatever you wanna call them, the locals that took off arms to fight to try to break away from Ukraine. And they were fighting and basically Ukraine leveled not completely leveled, but damaged, if not destroyed, the majority of the homes all around this area, around the airport, just with indiscriminate shelling and o of the, the areas, the, the neighborhoods and just destroying are seriously damaging almost every home.


And it just so happened my wife's childhood home was one of those, thank God her family and her made it out. Okay. They were living there when the war started and they, they made it out okay, but the house was destroyed. This is just one example of many homes and families that lost everything in the war ID But you know, I don't remember hearing in the United States at the time that there was a war in Ukraine. I mean, the, my sense is this was basically ignored completely. And that Ukraine at that time was effectively under the control of, of the Obama administration.


That was my, that was my sense. Yeah, a lot of people don't really, didn't really understand what was really happening on the ground. But ba basically, I mean, it goes back to the Midon revolution or whatever you wanna call it. It's all in the eye of the beholder. The locals in the Eastern Party of Ukraine at that point looked at the Maidan Revolution as an illegal coup supported by the West, where ended up with their democratically elected president, a yakovich removed from office without them having anything to say about it, and which effectively made their Ukraine dead and not, not in existence anymore after a puppet government was put in by the United States and the West.


So the people of the Donetsk in Gonski areas just, they said, okay, well that's not our Ukraine. Ukraine's gone. Some of them were patriots for Ukraine before they, they just said, okay, we don't have anything to do with that. We're gonna have a vote. We we're gonna vote ourselves, we're to do the right of self-determination. And Ukraine in the west did not wanna respect the right determination. And Ukraine basically in the words of the locals, punished them for them trying to break away from Ukraine. And every local family knew someone or had a member of their family injured or killed in the attacks by Ukrainian forces on the civilian areas of these regions, specifically the cities of Donetsk and Lu,


Amazing data hawks are collecting your information anytime you visit a website, every time you go online, every time you create an account, you make an online purchase, your data is out there, and you have no control over who sees it or what they do with it. So it's only a matter of time until somebody tries to exploit these facts that you have no privacy at all. Use your information to steal your identity. It may be bankrupt you, it happens all the time. It's happened to friends of ours kids. And that's why we use Identity Guard. Identity Guard helps by giving you control. It monitors your most sensitive information for any signs of suspicious activity. Someone's trying to steal your identity, you know right away, often before real damage can be done before you're on the hook for the money. So if In fact your identity is stolen, the expert team will work directly with banks, credit card bureaus, other institutions to fix the problem for you. So it's not the disaster you fear, it is while they handle the cleanup, you're backed by up to $5 million in identity theft insurance, which a huge relief. Imagine waking up and finding out that someone in a foreign country is using your name and social security number to steal money from you. It happens all the time. So the team there is available 24 7 if you ever need help. There are no bots. There are no call centers offshore. It's based in the United States. They know exactly what you need. Somebody becomes a victim of identity theft about every six seconds constantly. So don't let the next one be you. Visit Identity Guard dot com slash tucker for 30 days free plus a special discount. If you want more sign up before this happens to you. Identity Guard dot com slash tucker


Tucker says it best. Their credit card companies are ripping Americans off and enough is enough. This is Senator Roger Marshall of Kansas. Our legislation, the Credit Card Competition Act would help in the grip Visa and MasterCard have on us. Every time you use your credit card, they charge you a hidden fee called a swipe fee. And they've been raising it without even telling you. This hurts consumers and every small business owner. In fact, American families are paying $1,100 in hidden swipe fees each year. The fees Visa and MasterCard charge Americans are the highest in the world, double candidates, and eight times more than Europe's. That's why I've taken an action. But I need your help to help get this passed. I'm asking you to call your senator today and demand they pass the Credit Card Competition Act Paid for by the Merchant's Payments Coalition, not authorized by any candidate or candidate's committee, www.merchantspaymentscoalition.com.


They speak of darkness and danger, but totalitarian novels also give us hope, showing us how to defend our society from the horrors of tyranny. In Hillsdale college's free online course, totalitarian novels, Hillsdale President Larry Arn teaches us lessons from classic novels like George Orwell's 1984 that are as relevant today as ever. Sign up now for Hillsdale College's free online course, totalitarian novels@tuckerforhillsdale.com. That's tucker for hillsdale.com.


So you've been there rotating in and out or be or living there ever since all these years. How did things change three years ago when the, when the war began? Well, it was quite an interesting time, as You can imagine. Just days, a couple of days before the, it, it all started with Russia, Russia of officially it came in. Russia officially recognized the Gonski and Dansk Republics as separate from Ukraine. And the people had celebrations on the streets out of just celebrating the fact that Russia recognized them.


And they knew that that meant that Russia was going to be helping these republics. And then days later, Russia came across the border and the war between Ukraine and Russia started, you know, one way or another. The war between Russia and the West has started Western weapons at least. And as many people around the world thought it was gonna go a lot quicker than it has. I myself did a report on, in the center of done yets, where I assumed and thought that Russia was gonna be pushing Ukraine back within days from the city of done yets.


'cause you have to imagine the front line of Dun was just on the outskirts of the city. We're talking from the center of the city to the edge, just about to the front line, just about five miles with often just straight shelling hitting the center of the city. And as we know, it didn't end in three days, like General Miley has said it would. And there were, there's been a lot of intense battles around these areas. And In fact, right now, I believe there is eight regions between what is internationally recognized as Ukraine or Russia recognizes as Russia.


But overall, there's eight regions that have active fighting. Some are Russians, some are pre-war, Russian after war, Russia, whatever you wanna call it. We've got the zapper region, her son region, Danette region and Lugansk region, which all four of those had referendums in 2022 September, where they, the Russian back referendums unrecognized by the West where they voted to join Russia. And then shortly after Russia took them in officially. And then in addition to those four regions, you've got two regions of Russia, the Belgar region of Russia, and the Kurs region of Russia where Ukraine came across the terror, the border and invaded incurred on pre 2022 Russia.


And in actually in the area of Kursk, they controlled last August about 1,500 square kilometers. Since then, it's been re really reduced by Russian forces. But in addition to those six territories, we've also got the Sumi region of Ukraine, which there's some villages and some territory that Russia controls. And there's active, very intense fighting going on there now that's borders the curse region. So basically Russia went past the territory that was controlled by Ukraine and the Kurs region of Russia and took territory in the Sumi region.


Now also in the hark of region of Ukraine, Russia controls some territory as well. And the, again, intense fighting going on there. So we've got eight regions with intense fighting. And the war keeps changing. So much has changed, of course in the last 11 years as far as how the fighting has changed and how it's going on now. And even since 2022, when Russia first came in. And now, now the situation is the Air War, the drone war, I mean, it, it's like the, the war of the future now compared to what it used to be 11 years ago.


I, I mean, the most dangerous part of my job is actually getting to the front line to film what's happening on the front line, because in the vehicles getting there is just, there's always drones around. And these are Kamikaze Drones that are the main threat. Of course, there's reconnaissance drones as well, but these kamikazes, they will just hitch, they, they're hunting vehicles around and going back and forth from the front line and they'll just hit the vehicle and explode. And now they've even gone a step forward where jamming or electronic warfare doesn't affect them because they use fiber optic cables to control these drone where there's little bitty cable goes from behind the drone to the remote control.


They're, they're cabled drones And they could go up to 30 kilometers. And actually this, this right here is some of the fiber optic cable that is used to control these drones. And those are the most deadly on the front line because you can't do anything about it. You can't even detect them with a drone detector. So what does that, what is that like, have you, have you seen the Kamikaze Drones hit and explode? Well, just, I guess just over three weeks ago I was in the, the KIS region of Russia trying to actually get back from the front line.


And I was with a, a team from the Russian Forces Achmat Brigade, And they were evacuating civilians from the front line. We ac actually got to the point of, as they called it, the point of zero, which the, at the edge of the village where we were, was the Ukrainian forces. And as we got there, there were several overhead And they engaged one on the ground and it came down. It wasn't that intense, you could say. So they loaded the civilians in this truck. So in the cab of the truck were these four elderly civilians.


And the soldier that was driving, and then myself and another journalist, a colleague of mine were in the back of the truck with two soldiers and we were trying to evacuate this village. And as we got out of the, just, just outside the village, I happened to be filming one of the soldiers as they were scanning this, the skies and the other soldier actually pointed up and said, a drone and a few other curse words. And I looked up And there was a drone, a kamikaze drone right away I knew what it was and I knew the danger we were in, and they, the soldiers started firing on it, engaging it, trying to knock it down as it was, trying to attack us and kill us.


And they signaled to the driver, the driver just floored it, it was just driving as fast as possible. And I'm filming them, shooting at the drone, the drone's trying to hit us. I, I thought that we were gonna be, you know, worse, a best case scenario injured because it, I mean, it got so close to us as we were just driving, just got right up on us. And then after about five minutes of it chasing us, well what felt like five minutes might have been a few minutes less, it was knocked down. And How, how do you, how do you knock down a drone? How do you knock down a suicide drone over you?


They, they were engaging it with a shotgun and machine guns and, and that's it. It was coming at us and it was in the video, it's a little bit unclear if their bullets actually hit it or it hit a, a wire that was going over the road. But for about five minutes, three minutes, something like that, they were firing at it with a shotgun and a machine gun. Now the shotgun is the most, the new weapon of choice on the front line because it's got the buckshot and it spreads. And these, the idea is there's more room to hit just like you're shooting at a bird.


That's actually what they call these drones, birds. So they're, they go hunting with this shotgun for these drones. And luckily thank God, God was with us, with us that day and it did not hit its targets. So we, we ma made it to report another day.


Mother's Day is almost here and you're under a lot of pressure to find something great for the mothers in your life. So instead of getting something you hope will check the box and waiting to see if the mom you're giving it to actually likes it. Give her something she will genuinely love. Cozy Earth. Cozy earth makes the softest, most breathable bedding and pajamas the women you know have ever experienced, crafted from temperature regulating bamboo fabric, bamboo fabric. It sounds weird, but it's awesome. Try it when you give it, people will be a little bit confused and then they will fall in love. This is something she will use every single day. Unlike other presidents, You don't have to worry about this being thrown into the closet. An embarrassing silence when you hand it over. Everybody loves Cozy Earth. It's got a hundred night sleep trial, a 10 year warranty, so it's risk free. Get it today. So skip the flowers, give comfort that lasts cozy earth. Go to cozy earth.com/tucker, use the code tucker to get up to 40% off sheets, pajamas, towels, everything they make. And if you Get a post-purchase survey, make sure to say that you heard about Cozy Earth from us on this show.


Did you know You can invest in crypto through your retirement account? That's right. I trust capital allows Americans to invest in over 60 of the most popular cryptocurrencies like Bitcoin in a tax advantaged ira. Take control of your future, get started@itrustcapital.com slash tucker and use the promo code tucker to Get a $100 funding bonus. That's I trust capital.com/tucker paid dad for informational purposes only, taxes may apply. Crypto is speculative and carries risk of loss. I chose capital does not provide legal investment or tax Advice.


The NBA 82 game grind is done. And now the real fun begins. The NBA playoffs are here. And Draftking Sports book has you covered as an official sports betting partner of the NBA make it a playoff run. To remember with DraftKings, download the DraftKings Sports Book app and use code field goal. That's code field goal for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets. When you bet just five bucks only on draftings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and wire text HOPE and Y 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and resort in Kansas. 21 and over. Age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. Four additional terms and responsible gaming resources. See dkg.co/audio.


So one of the, the the most confusing questions in, in the West is the most obvious question, which is who's winning? And even now we're told that Ukraine, you know, has a shot to win. Lindsey Graham has been saying this even recently. If only US taxpayers would send Zelensky government more money. What's, what's your perspective as someone who's covering the war from the front lines? Well, I think the idea of Ukraine winning the war is just this dream and narrative that's been put out by the West to make it acceptable for so much money to be putting put in to Ukraine to extend this war, to bring Russia and forces down in the country of Russia, just to make them use their resource resources more, including losing more people.


I mean, if the United States and the the West would not have been supplying the weapons and the funding to Ukraine for the last three years, the war would've ended three years ago, if not two and a half years ago, and hundreds of thousands of lives would've been saved. It is the, the funding and the supports of the West for Ukraine is directly responsible for hundreds of thousands of these deaths of soldiers on both sides. And civilians for that matter.


It's just, it's Horrible. How many have do The other question that we can ever Get a straight answer to or any answer to is how many have died on both sides? Do you have any guess? You know, it's, it's hard for me to say, you know, my kind of thing in my reports is reporting of what I see keeping my opinions out of it. So what I can tell you is of what I've seen, one of the hottest areas that I was been before, KIS and Bel grad, where I am now, was the Mariupol frontline where I followed the Russian frontline day by day in the heat of the battle of Mariupol.


And just that month I personally saw, you know, between 1,002 thousand bodies. And it was soldiers, civilians, I mean the, the whole city was just covered in bodies. I it in a matter of a 30 minute period. One time I counted 87 bodies just lighting the street. And I mean, it was really a horrible situation. And, you know, just seeing so many war crimes involved, so many testimonies from lo locals about Ukrainian forces, basically, literally, these are not my words, these are the, the words of the locals that all everything I say can be seen on my YouTube channel.


These locals say that Ukrainian forces literally use them as human shields would set up their tanks in between the apartment buildings and fire at Russian forces. And in other cases, the, they would directly fire on the civilian buildings, Ukraine forces directly firing on civilian buildings. This is what the locals told me on camera. And it can be seen not just one off a, a constant daily event. And unfortunately, there was many instances of Ukrainian forces using schools as a base.


As I, my, one of my first days in Mariupol found a school, school number 25 of Mary Pol, I'll never forget it, went to into the basement and found that u Ukrainian forces were using his basement as a position, military position, and many burned out rooms and weapons, uniforms, flags, ukrainian flags. And unfortunately we found a, a dead civilian woman whose she was, she was naked and she had a, a bag over her head and was clearly raped and tortured.


And it was clearly a civilian from the area that Ukrainian forces had kidnapped and tortured and raped. And they carved, it was, it is actually a little unclear whether it was burned or carved a swastika on her stomach. And it, and really in the, this is the first time that it's, it stood out to me, this, the psychological effect of some of these instances. When you see it in my mind, I still remember seeing a bandage over her head, kind of like something like she was injured and it was, it was bandaged. But if you look at the video, you see it was a, a plastic bag that was used to execute her.


Now that's just one of the many examples of executions that I've seen by Ukrainian forces. The most recent were, were in the curse region just this last January where I was with Russian regular army forces. And they had just days before gotten to this village and basically kicked Ukrainian forces out and the village was destroyed. And there was a, a shelter, a a basement basically that we went down into and found a group of civilians.


There was two elderly women and one elderly man that had been killed by, clearly by Ukrainian forces because as we walked down the steps, the smell was so bad, we had to put gas masks on. And at the bottom of the steps were, couldn't really say how many people, because it was clear that some sort of explosive, I assume a grenade was thrown down in the, the shelter where these people were hiding. And the people near the door, actually with a dog that were there, were just turned into, you know, soup basically.


So it wouldn't, wasn't really clear how many were there. But then as we went farther back into the shelter, found as I said, a elder, two elderly, elderly women that were killed by the explosion and an elderly man. And then back in August, as I said, when Ukraine first came in to Kursk, I was also there and met a man who explained how he was trying to evacuate his family from the soja region, which is was basically the, the stronghold of Ukrainian forces once they, when they came into the K region of Russia. And he explained how his, he was evacuating his wife, pregnant wife, their 1-year-old son and his wife's mother.


And they had two vehicles. And this is basically, they were surprised that war broke out in their village 'cause they weren't part of the war zone before August. And so he's decided he was gonna drive in the front car and have his family in the back with his wife driving behind just in case something's happened. It would hit him first And they might make it away. And they were, he said they were driving, came acro around a turn and came face to face with a Ukraine or pro Ukraine soldier. He said just two meters a away from him. He said there was no way that this soldier did not see that they were civilians. There was no question.


They were civilians. And the soldier opened fire, the bullet went through the bill of his cap and a few into his vehicle, And they kept on eh, driving as they were being fired at, and got some distance between and went around another corner. And these, these are his words, not mine. And he saw that his wife's vehicle was slowing down And he waved for to, to speed up. And then when her car hit the back of his car, he knew something was wrong. And he went back to check on his family in the other car and his wife, pregnant wife was huddled over their one-year-old son with bullet holes in her side of her stomach.


And he picked her up, took her to the nearest hospital they could find, and they weren't able to save her. He tried to do CPR and his words massage her heart back to life and their, their one-year-old son was injured, but thank God he lived. And then unfortunately he wasn't able to recover her body for many months afterwards. But now things have changed quite considerably in the KIS region. As I said, it started in August with Ukraine, just surprising many coming across, taking 1500 square kilometers.


And then right when they did that, Russia started taking some back. And I was with them, I went with the assault groups to the Ukrainian lines as the assault groups took territory back and they, Russia started going and going and going and taking these villages back and almost slowed down as far as the recovery of the territory by Russian forces until last month when an operation of Russian forces literally went into these gas pipes And they tunneled underneath Ukrainian lines and reported 600 Russian forces soldiers came up behind Ukrainian lines.


And that operation with a, an assault from the other side basically collapsed Ukrainian lines. And now there's just a very small amount of Ukrainian forces left in the SK region. And just yesterday, there were a report from the Russian Ministry of Defense that some territory had been taken back by Russian forces. Now, unfortunately, this is leaving tens of thousands of people homeless that homes were destroyed in this incursion or invasion by Russian Force or Ukrainian forces into this region of Russia.


And that basically the standard thing for the Russian government to do is give certificates for new homes to the victims. They've actually gotten pretty good at it because there's so many regions of people that have been, had their homes lost by Ukrainian shelling. But one thing that I noticed, it's pretty interesting about what they're doing in the, and on top of the certificate ing compared to what the united does when someone loses their house, say to a national disaster, the governor of Kursk, Alexander ing, started an initiative to request from Moscow a special stipend or payment of a monthly payment of 65,000 rubles for every member of a, a family whose home was lost monthly.


So the, I mean, that's 65,000, that's about $750. So if it's a family of four, that's about $3,000 a month. You know, of course that's not gonna, you know, replace everything in their lives that they've lost. But it's a lot more than I think, what was the United States giving to some of the natural disaster? I think 700 lump sum payments, something like that. So it's interesting to see the comparison.


So think about how you'll feel when you achieve your biggest goals of all, whether it's starting a business, paying off your mortgage, sending your kids to college, having the money to pay for it. You'll be pretty proud when you've met these essential life goals. And you should be proud. All of us are. We do that. But what do you do next? So getting to the goals is one thing, but protecting them is an entirely different thing and maybe a bigger thing. And this is where life insurance from Policygenius comes in. Now Policygenius makes finding and buying life insurance really easy. You probably want life insurance, but it's expensive. And how do you even get it? Policygenius makes it simple and it means that your family has this safety net. It needs to cover expenses and to face the future. Nearly half of Americans look back and wish they'd gotten life insurance earlier. It can change everything if you have it because you don't know what the future holds, honestly. So with Policygenius, You can find policies starting at just 292 bucks per year for a million dollars of coverage. And some options are a hundred percent online, and that means no unnecessary medical exams for you, which is a win. You compare quotes from top insurers side by side, you talk to licensed agents, you secure your families tomorrow with peace of mind today. And it makes it super easy on Policygenius and it's all transparent. You know exactly what you're getting. So you head to Policygenius dot com slash tuckery, click the link in the description to get your free quote. That's Policygenius dot com.


This episode is brought to you by LifeLock. Not everyone is careful with your personal information, which might explain why there's a victim of identity theft every five seconds in the us. Fortunately, there's LifeLock, LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points a second for threats to your identity. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it, guaranteed or your money back. Save up to 40% your first year by visiting lifelock.com/podcast terms. Apply


What makes a great pair of glasses at Warby Parker. It's all the invisible extras without the extra cost. Their designer quality frames start at $95, including prescription lenses plus scratch resistant, m resistant and anti-reflective coatings and UV protection and free adjustments for life. To find your next pair of glasses, sunglasses, or contact lenses, or define the Warby Parker store nearest you, head over to warby parker.com. That's warby parker.com/tucker.


So let me ask, let me ask you from our perspective over here, the Ukrainian government is not just at war with Russia, but also with Christianity. The Ukrainian government has banned the largest Christian denomination in Ukraine and has embraced transgenderism and, and other explicitly anti-Christian forms of expression. Are you aware of that? Are the Russians aware of that? Is there a religious component? Just 'cause their hostility to Christianity is so obvious. I wonder if you notice it. Well, in, I always ask the soldiers on the front line who are document fighting, you know, what, what they're doing there, why are they fighting?


What, what are they fighting for? And often an answer that they're, they they give is, is they're fighting Satan because they, they view the, the religious atmosphere so different as you point out in Ukraine than the traditional Russian society. You know, so it's, it's quite a religion's very important to the Russian soldier. And of course I think it's quite a bit more than, you know, the traditional, you say there's no atheists on the front line, but this goes a lot deeper into their cultural heritage.


Are have you seen any North Korean soldiers? No, I have not. Not a, a lack of trying. I tried to, to investigate the reports of these North Korean soldiers and I was not able to locate any of them. Hmm. Of course there's rumors all of the world of this, but I was not able to locate any of them. How many American correspondents are embedded with Russian units that you're, that you know of One me. So, no, no one from NBC or CNN or Fox or PBS or New York Times, Washington Post.


You're not aware of any American correspondence covering the other side in this war? No, no. Unfortunately. So so does it feel to you that American reporters have basically taken the side of the Biden administration, which told us that Russia is our enemy and are uncritically repeating us government talking points? Yeah, I mean, of course the Western media has their narrative and you know, unfortunately they try to hide the facts that most of what I report, they tried to hide and not report on it.


And you know, I tell all my viewers, don't just watch my reports because I don't have all the, but I'm showing you what the mainstream meat doesn't want you to see. I'm just giving you my piece of the, the puzzle, something that you're not gonna see anywhere else, unfortunately. But, you know, people need to get as many perspectives as possible and educate themselves that just be led like sheep by the, the mainstream media. And I'm very glad there's people like you out there as, as well that, you know, could give someone a little bit something to think about other than just the narrative that is trying to be forced down their throat.


Yeah, I mean, if if you're the only American correspondent embedded with Russian units, then I would think you would be in high demand. I'm embarrassed it's taken me over three years to talk to you, that's my fault. But I, I mean, I assume you're getting calls every week from American news organizations trying to understand what's happening. Unfortunately, no. They don't seem too interested in discussing things with me or seeing the information that I am putting out. And In fact, in 2014, 15 and 16, I was, what I, I would say is a, a freelance journalist, vi videographer as well until, you know, IIII felt like my work was being betrayed and because I was gi giving this material, and then once I saw that the material was being lied about, I mean, one instance, I was in the gans region in pair of a ma when Ukraine forces launched a rocket attack on this soup kitchen.


And we happened to be there and I filled in the aftermath and the women saying how Perko was killing them and their families just really horrible, just a, just targeting civilians by Ukrainian forces with huge rockets. And I sold that material as a freelance journalist to Western outlets And they turned it around and said that it was Gans Rebels that fired on the soup kitchen just totally lying about the situation. So after that, I decided I'm not gonna do the that anymore. You know, regardless if I get paid for it or not, I'm gonna be showing exactly what I see.


And that's what I've been doing since then is just on my YouTube channel showing my reports. I'm only supported by my viewers. Of course, I'll do collaborations with other channels and things if you know they're interested. But I make it a point not to get paid by anyone, but the donations from my viewers. So the only people that I report to that I need to show what's really happening is my viewers. I don't have any editor or boss that says, oh, we need to show this or show this. No, I show in my reports on YouTube and my substack blog exactly what's happening, exactly what I see with no narrative, just the facts that the western mainstream media isn't showing.


There's so much darkness in the world, it can feel overwhelming wars, political fighting, violence, hatred, the love between people growing cold. And you have to ask yourself, where does this all come from? Well, one place it comes from is the refusal of a society to care about people, including babies. As you've been listening to this, untold numbers of unborn babies mean health, there are thousands of pregnant women who are trying to decide, should I keep this child or not? Choosing between life and abortion, A child's future hangs in the balance. PreBorn is ready to help. PreBorn has a clinic network on standby to help women make that choice. To make the right choice, to choose life, to affirm the value of people, which in the end are all that matters. It helps these mothers choose not just for the babies, but for themselves. Once introduced to the child growing inside them, women are twice as likely to choose life. Once they know this is not just some massive tissue, but a person they choose life voluntarily. Last year alone, PreBorn rescued over 67,000 babies And they are aiming to save another 80,000 this year in 2025, You can support them. $28 a month can make the difference between life and death. And $140 sponsors five ultrasounds. You can donate securely, please dial pound two 50. Say the keyword, baby, that's pound two 50 baby. Or visit PreBorn dot com slash tucker PreBorn dot com slash tucker. We're honored to partner with PreBorn.


I've gotta say almost everyone on our team looks suspiciously, well rested every morning. It turns out most of 'em are using a product called Samso. Samso blends antihistamine with a syrup of herbs and honey, and is designed to help you sleep well, waking up feeling refreshed and revitalized. And based on the sunny, cheerful faces of the people I work with, it works. It's inexpensive, it's less than 50 cents a night. And we know the people who own the company And they are great people, they are faithful people, and they're about the happiest family we've ever run across the product. Simbro has a ton of five star reviews. You can check it out on their, their website, samosa.com.


So since you've been there all these years and, and have a, you know, a tactile sense of what's happening, give us a couple examples of stories Americans may have seen or read in, in our media here that you know firsthand or wrong. Well, we can, off the top of my head, the missile attack, Toca attack by Ukrainian forces on the center of Dun Yets in 2022 when a Ukraine launched a cluster bomb attack on the sensor of Dun yet, and cluster bombs came down And they actually hit just about 200 yards from my apartment where my family and kids and wife were.


And my dad was actually in the city with us as well. And we had to throw the, we thought we were getting hit, we threw the bulletproof vests on the kids and threw one of the others under the bed. And I mean, it was, it, it was not good. And in the western mainstream media, they said that it was UA Russian attack and which is just idiotic. Why would Russia attack dank that hasn't been under Ukrainian control for the last eight years before that.


I mean, just total grabbing of false information to try to portray a narrative that just is not true and act, and actually that was my, the last day that my family was in done, done yets with me. I had to evacuate them as I stayed to show what was happening on the front line. My wife didn't wanna leave because my, as I said, my wife's from done yets, but I said after that just so close to us, I had to evacuate them. And after that I just, you know, kind of went solo and sought, went back to my family when I could. And that's what I do even today.


Where, where are you from in the United States? I'm from St. Louis, Missouri. Have you been back to the US during the last, over the last three years? In the last three years? No, I have not. How is YouTube treating you? Well, I haven't been monetized on YouTube basically at all. I started my YouTube channel in 2014 and there's no monetization whatsoever. Why? On what grounds were you demonetized?


You know, it's been, it literally over a decade ago, but I believe just the fact of war and, you know, they're just not interested on putting commercials on my material, I guess because it doesn't fit the western mainstream narrative. Let's, you know, it's great that's, I'm still able to use the platform to show the world some of the things that's happening, but unfortunately it's not monetized. So I'm only supported by, as I said, my, my viewers through donations. But you know what I do, it's not really because of the money.


Yeah, of course I've gotta support my family. But, you know, after, as I said, after I saw the how different, what was being shown in the West, what was happening is I just had to do something about it. And, you know, if you would ask me b before 12 years ago, would I be a, a war correspondence? You know, going to the front lines with, you know, showing the reality of what's happening and I'd be the only one doing it. It's just would be, eh, amazing to me. I would've never given the atrocities that you've, you've seen some incredibly ugly things. You described a few of them, but it's been so long.


I wonder what effect that has on you as a person to see things like that. Well, I mean, I would say before this war I wasn't, I had mixed thoughts about what's post-traumatic stress really was and how serious it was. But I can tell you now, there's no doubt that's, it's definitely a thing. You know, I I would say quite different. The, of course, everything I've seen here is quite different than when I was in the s military. I used to be in the, in the US Navy from 2001 till 2006.


And I was on a, the USS Kitie Hawk that was involved with Operation Iraqi Freedom and, you know, never saw anything like that. Like there, like I I see here of course. But you know, you know, you know, I always find it's interesting how the US calls, calls all of their operations operations. But when Russia says that it's not a war, it's a special military operation, the western media makes this big thing about it. How, oh, it's a legal to call it a war in Russia and all that, which is total bull and, and the wars a war operation Iraqi freedom was, was a war.


And Russia's special opera military operation was a war. And that eight years before it was a civil war. A war is a war regardless, which you want to call it. And I'm in Russia now calling it a war. Nothing's gonna happen for it because of it. So that's just another false narrative that the Western media pushed of, you know, trying to say no freedom of speech in Russia and all that, just total falsehood. So did, did you know Gonzalo Lira, who was maybe the only other American who was looking critically at what the Ukrainian government is doing, he was murdered by the Ukrainian government as you know.


Did you ever run across him and are you worried that if you fell into Ukrainian hands they would murder you two? Well, we, we talked over online a couple of times, you know, he was definitely ballsy. Yeah, I mean to, for him to go against the Ukrainian government while he was there and unfortunately didn't work so well for, for him. And of course, if, if I was able ever, I I, if I ended ever ended up in Ukrainian forces, it would not be, or in Ukrainian forces' hands, it would not be a very nice time.


You know, I've been on the, the Ukrainian kill list or whatever you want to enemies of the state list, which I believe you are as well. Merit Torres, I believe we're both on there. I've been on that list since 2016. The, the list that's non-governmental list that they puts names of people that are an enemy of Ukraine And they write because of my work that I'm an assistance to terrorism and they've posted photos of my children, my wife in the past, they even posted her personal telephone number.


She had to change your number because of it. So yeah, it would not be a good thing if I ended up in the hands of Russian or Ukrainian forces. The, the Ukrainian war effort has been led by the United States. Do you have any, which is a fact most Americans, I think even now don't understand. Do you have any idea how many Americans have been killed fighting for Ukraine? Well, we know it happens. I would say there's probably a lot more that have been killed for Ukraine than is public knowledge. Yes. I mean there's, You can imagine that there is probably some internal operations on the front line that involved Western Special forces and not all of them made it out.


I've talked to soldiers on the front, Russian soldiers on the front line about foreign mercenaries or foreign soldiers, And they said they encountered them all the time from European countries, from US and more. And it also, as they actually made a, a video last month about it, it seems Russia's not really playing around anymore when it comes to foreign fighters or what they consider, you know, all the foreign fighters they consider foreign mercenaries. And Vladimir Putin says that these forward mercenaries do not get the projection of the GVA con convention and are the po And there there's a possibility of execution.


So it really seems like now that there's only two outcomes for these foreigners that come over here to fight. If they come into Russian hands, it's jail or death. And I say jail because in the beginning of March there was a British soldier who was taken a prisoner by Russian forces, who was, he believe he was taking a prisoner in November of last year in the Urs region. And he went through his trial and was convicted and received a 19 year sentence.


So it seems Russia is going pretty strong on the foreigners here. How long do you think this world will go on? Oh, it's a very difficult question. I've, back in 2022, I tried to make, as I said, the predictions like many people around the world did, and everyone was wrong. I mean, the, I of course the most important thing is people stopped dying and it would be great if today there was a, a ceasefire declared and everyone stopped dying and everything went back to peace and all that.


But I don't think it's gonna be happening anytime soon, unfortunately, because Russia has made it clear that Russian law considers the four regions Zappia, her son Dan GaN part of Russia, Western law, and of course Crimea. But even now Trump says he's gonna say, Crimea is Russia. So that's not even a worth discussing anymore. But Ukraine law and Western law says that these four regions are part of Ukraine. Russia cannot stop until they control what is legally by Russian law considered part of Russia.


Regardless what side of this conflict you favor looking at Russian law. Russian law cannot stop the war until they control parts of all of what Russian law considers part of Russia. And I've been saying this for, for years, it was one thing before September of 2022, when Russia could have stopped and had a quick piece deal. But after September of 2022, these four regions were legally, as far as Russian law considers part of Russia. And Russia cannot stop until it controls this.


And Zelinsky Ukraine and the West has made it clear that Ukrainian forces are not just gonna stand up and leave these regions. Now if we look at Gans, there's 99% of the area of Lu gon that's controlled by Russia. But if you go south to the Danette region, it's, there's less controlled by Russia's with several important key places like Chroma, tour SLAs, which actually the water supply to Donetsk. And then of course in her sun you've got the city of her son. And Zappia, the city of Zappia, which are cut geographically by a river, is basically the frontline now.


And I mentioned the water supply for Danette. Basically after Russia took control of Mary Upal in 2022, the first thing Ukraine did was cut the water from the Cator area going into Danette and down to Mary, Mary Ubel. The reason they didn't cut the water to Danette in the previous eight years like they did with Crimea. 'cause that was the first thing they did with Crimea. When Russia took Crimea And they cut the water supply from Ukraine, literally damned the canal that was feeding water to the people of Ukraine, of Crimea. And the water supply was going underneath Dan and into Mariupol.


And Mariupol had to be fed by water when it controlled Mariupol. But once Russia fully took control, Ukraine shut off the water to Danette and Mary Ruple. And for a long time in Danette you were only getting two hours every three days of, of water. I mean, just horrible living conditions because Ukraine made the decision to shut off the water to these people, the people that they said they wanted. They were trying to stop from leaving the country for eight years. And Russia made a huge projects to bring water from the Rosol region into the DTS region.


And it's still ongoing. And now there's a couple hours a day of water in dts. That's horrifying. Have you seen any reports of the Ukrainian military selling NATO arms outside of Ukraine? You know, there, there has been some reports of Western supplied weapons showing up in the cartel hands in Mexico and other places. But what I can tell you I have seen with my own eyes is Russia forces using these weapons back against Ukraine re weapons that Ukraine got from NATO countries and Russia captured them and turned them back against Ukraine.


And reverse in is in the process of reverse engineering. I just did a report where I went with a, a soldier group to a undisclosed location where they had about 20 military vehicles, nato, military vehicles that were on their way to be getting reverse engineered and basically any type of secret information they could get out of them. And that report will be coming out soon, but I would say Russia's getting a lot out of these NATO weapons. La la last question.


Thank you, Patrick, for taking all this time. Do you think the US population, Americans would have supported this war, which they've paid for, for over three years as long as they did, if they'd had factual, unbiased news coverage of what was actually happening there? No, definitely not. And one reason is to go back to one, one of your previous questions about what's not being reported in the West. That's I could bring to light. Well, let's talk about the people of these areas, specifically the Dans and Gonski areas for the last 11 years, just wanting to break away from Ukraine and the right of self-determination.


And they didn't say this in, in the media, that these people were not being held down by these rebels or what, whatever you wanna call 'em. These people were doing their best to leave Ukraine, and Ukraine was punishing them for that. This is, they voted to break away from Ukraine. So it's, I mean, definitely if the Western people would really understand what's really been happening here over the last 11 years, not just the last three years, but the overall situation, there's no way they would've wanted their tax money to be supporting this and killing hundreds of thousands of people.


I believe that Patrick Lancaster, Thank you for doing this interview. I, I hope you're safe. I appreciate it and I hope you'll come back. Thank you very much Mr. Carlson. I appreciate you having me and I definitely am looking forward to the next time and hopefully one day we meet in person. God speed. Thanks. We wanna Thank you for watching us on Spotify, a company that we use every day. We know the people who run it, good people. While you're here, do us a favor, hit follow and tap the bell so you never miss an episode. We have real conversations, news, things that actually matter, telling the truth always. You will not miss it if you follow us on Spotify and hit the bell.


We appreciate it. Thanks for watching.